Feb 2 (Reuters) - Joyoung Co Ltd:
* SAYS IT PLANS TO SELL UNIT FOR 100-111 MILLION YUAN ($15.92-17.67 million)TO WELL LEAD MEDICAL Source text in Chinese: bit.ly/2DViUEX Further company coverage:
OLONGAPO CITY: Several members of an Aeta tribal community here questioned the National Commission on Indigenous Peoples (NCIP) over the rejection of their application as candidates for Indigenous Peoples Mandatory Representative (IPMR) for the barangay (village) council.
The candidates and their members in the Ambala Aeta tribe at Sitio Mampuweng in Barangay Old Cabalan approached an official of the Aeta Federation of Olongapo to air their grievance over what they claim as attempt to manipulate the process of selecting the tribal community's mandatory representative to the village council.
An election was supposed to take place last February 12 in Sitio Mampuweng but the NCIP issued letters of rejection on February 8 to four aspirants advising them that they failed to meet the requirements to candidates.
Jay Dabu told The Manila Times he is a legitimate resident of the tribal community since birth but was rejected because he cannot read and write. He said it was sad that he was disallowed by the NCIP only because he cannot read and write which was not a requirement in the past.
Another aspirant, Rosalino Manuel Jr., who lives in the area since 1997 said he was rejected because of his track record which he refused to mention.
Also, Teresita Rivera, was denied from running as IPMR because the period she has served as village councilwoman was not enough and was accused of selling lands.
She said she has been residing in the said tribal community for some 40 years.
Another aspirant, Jocelyn Apacible said her work at the Department of Social Welfare and Development (DSWD) was not considered as a service to the tribe and that she has not enough knowledge of the Indigenous Peoples Rights Act (IPRA) law.
Only IPMR re-electionist Zenaida Liwanag was qualified to run.
The Aetas in Mampuweng, composed of 150 families, are into farming as their livelihood.
Lawyer Roman Antonio, a member of the three-man screening committee of the NCIP in San Marcelino Service Center said there are guidelines followed by NCIP in choosing these candidates for IPMR and those rejected did not meet these requirements.
NCIP officers in San Marcelino, Zambales said NCIP acts as documentors and facilitators of the indigenous cultural communities and indigenous peoples (IPs).
The IPRA is an embodiment of the rights and aspirations of indigenous peoples as regards their right to ancestral domains, right to self-governance and empowerment social justice and human rights and cultural integrity.
Antonio told The Manila Times NCIP has given the rejected candidates until Feb. 17 to submit more documents to appeal their case before making a final decision and schedule the next date for election.
Case against Cambodia Daily journalists progresses
After questioning three residents of Ratanakkiri's Pate commune yesterday, the provincial court announced that two Cambodia Daily reporters would be summonsed in two weeks to respond to questions regarding a complaint filed against them for seemingly routine reporting.
Provincial Prosecutor Chea Pich said that plaintiffs Rocham Yi, 28, Sev Born, 35, and former CNRP Commune Chief Rmam Yout, 41, were questioned yesterday, after their summonsing on June 4. “I just want to tell you that they already appeared to be questioned,” he said.
He said the court would summons the two journalists for June 27. Pich said he was unaware of the specific charges against the two journalists. Previously, he had pointed to Article 171 of the Commune Election Law, which prohibits “causing confusion that leads to a loss of trust” and compromising the secrecy of a vote.
The journalists – Zsombor Peter and Aun Pheap – allegedly asked villagers why they had supported the opposition Sam Rainsy Party in the 2012 commune elections, while the rest of the province mostly voted for the Cambodian People's Party.
Despite the routine nature of the interviews – which came in the lead-up to the June 4 commune poll – the trio lodged a complaint against the journalists on May 22 for asking questions that they said were “incitement with bad intention”.
The government was accused of creating a hostile press environment ahead of the poll, with the National Election Committee releasing a vaguely worded and restrictive code of conduct – dubbed a “code of censorship” by critics – for media outlets, accompanied by threats to revoke the licences of violators.
Born yesterday said he had asked for $3,000 to drop the matter, despite the fact that neither the Commune Election Law nor the article for incitement appear to allow for compensation. “I was asked whether I want to continue the case, or stop it here, or what I want. I said I need 12 million riels in compensation for me alone,” he said, and added that if the journalists failed to compensate him, he would ask the court to imprison them. “It's incitement when reporting about politics during the [election] campaign.”
Fellow plaintiff Yout said he was questioned for about 10 minutes. “[The journalists] asked me who and what party I support. I did not tell them. I will vote for any party I like. It's my right,” Yout said, adding that the court would decide on potential compensation.
Yi could not be reached.
Cambodia Daily General Manager Douglas Steele said he had heard of neither the questioning nor any summons. Asked whether the two reporters would appear, he said that “we will comply with Cambodian law . . . They committed an act of journalism, and that's not a crime.”
Additional reporting by Leonie Kijewski
Do you suck at Fortnite on PC? Are you baffled by other players' ability to magic together amazing forts while you've accidentally locked yourself into a brick box prison? Here's a trick: Remap your damn key bindings.
Fortnite's default key bindings are awful. To build anything, you need to reach all the way up to F1 through F4 when, generally, your fingers are going to be on W, A, S and D. When bullets are raining down, you're bleeding out health every fraction of a second it takes for your finger to get all the way up there.
Pros all have different setups, which the site BestFortniteSettings.com documents. Twitch streamer Ninja, for example, has bound his building inputs onto his Logitech G502 mouse's thumb buttons, which a lot of people rave about. Dr. Lupo has bound his all around his keyboard—the wall build on Q, the platform build on ‘ and the ramp build on F. I can see the merits of that, since building a ramp while running along would feel way more comfortable.
What worked for me—and consequently dragged me out of the lower echelons of Fortnite play—is binding my building inputs to Z, X, C and V, right below my movement keys. That way, I don't have to move my wrist to construct my basic fort: four tall walls surrounding several staircases. To do that, I need to jump right after building a ramp, which, frankly, feels bad when the ramp key is on the other side of the keyboard.
How have you tinkered with your Fortnite settings? How has it changed the game for you? We'd love to hear in the comments.
The action star is set to reprise his role as Maverick in a sequel next year.
Tom Cruise is ready to “feel the need” once again as he has appeared to suggest that filming has begun on the hotly anticipated Top Gun sequel.
The actor tweeted a picture of himself in character on a runway holding a helmet bearing his character's name – Maverick.
Referencing the original 1986 film's popular catchphrase, “feel the need” is written across the image in a bold font.
Along with the snap, the 55-year-old star simply wrote “#Day1”, suggesting it was the first day of filming.
Cruise, who played Lieutenant Pete “Maverick” Mitchell in the hit military action film, also tagged producer Jerry Bruckheimer and Skydance Media, who are tipped to be behind the sequel.
The actor has previously spoken about the sequel, and in 2017 he told Australian programme Sunrise that it was “definitely happening”, and that filming would begin this year.
According to entertainment website Variety, the film is called Top Gun: Maverick and will be set in a world of drone technology.
It is thought to have a July 2019 release date, and will come 33 years after the original film – directed by the late Tony Scott – made its impact on Hollywood.
© Press Association 2018
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
FILE PHOTO: An Abbott company logo is pictured at the reception of its office in Mumbai, India, September 8, 2015. REUTERS/Shailesh Andrade/File photo
NEW DELHI/MUMBAI A group of global medical-technology companies plans to tell Indian officials next month that any further price control measures would risk future investments and make them less likely to introduce new products in the country, according to an industry source familiar with the matter. The lobbying effort by Abbott Laboratories, Boston Scientific, Johnson & Johnson and others comes after the government of Prime Minister Narendra Modi in February set a price cap for stents - small wire-mesh structures used to treat blocked arteries - slashing prices that patients pay for some devices by about 75 percent.
That has sparked a growing showdown between the companies and Modi's government in India, where the "med-tech" sector is worth $5 billion. Abbott and Medtronic filed for withdrawal of some of their stents from India, but the government on Wednesday rejected their request, saying it contravened the nation's drug laws.
Modi has in recent years taken a more aggressive stance against multinational healthcare companies, announcing price curbs on drugs used to treat critical ailments such as cancer, HIV/AIDS and diabetes.
At a public event this month, the prime minister said patient interests were more important than "unhappy" companies.
The firms, meanwhile, worry price controls could extend to other devices such as implants or valves, making it economically unviable for them to sell next-generation products in India, industry sources said.
Executives from Abbott, Medtronic and Boston Scientific - which all sell coronary stents in India - along with Johnson & Johnson and others, plan to approach India's health and trade ministries in May to convey that "price control is not the way forward", according to an India executive at a multinational med-tech company aware of the plans.
"There is a lot of nervousness," the executive said.
Johnson & Johnson, for example, is worried about potential price curbs on its imported knee, joint or hip implants, another industry source said, adding the company was working with trade groups to write letters to the government.
Boston Scientific said it was engaging with the government and would abide by regulations.
Medtronic said it intended to again file a plea for withdrawing one of its stents. Abbott said it was speaking with the government to file for withdrawing two stents and would look at reintroducing them if they became "commercially viable".
Johnson & Johnson declined to comment.
Another industry source aware of companies' strategies said the withdrawal pleas were aimed at sending a "strong signal" to the government by disrupting access.
None of the companies commented on planned government meetings or broader industry worries.
National Pharmaceutical Pricing Authority (NPPA) Chairman Bhupendra Singh on Thursday sought to calm industry concerns, saying the authority was in the process of collecting price information for 23 devices but "as of now there is no proposal to cap the prices". Singh, whose agency is the government's drug pricing regulator, declined to comment on industry jitters or lobbying efforts.
COSTS VS ACCESS
The domestic medical device market in India is expected to grow by 15 percent annually between 2014 and 2020 to $8.6 billion, according to a joint report by consultants Deloitte and Healthcare Federation of India, NATHEALTH.
Rana Mehta, leader of healthcare at consultants PwC India, said many firms had started re-evaluating their India strategy.
"This uncertainty might be detrimental to the growth of the industry," said Mehta, who advises several multinational med-tech companies.
Abbott and the Medical Technology Association of India, which counts Boston Scientific among its members, have in the past fallen short with their lobbying efforts in New Delhi, according to documents seen by Reuters. In letters written to the government departments of health and pharmaceuticals during August and September, they appealed to Indian officials to have a more liberal approach on stent pricing and not treat all stent devices as the same, submitting dozens of pages of research papers and clinical studies in support. Abbott wrote this would "encourage" medical device innovation. But the pricing regulator NPPA ruled against their requests. In February, it termed stents as "essential" devices, noting cases of heart disease were rising and the stent pricing was "restrictive and exorbitant". It did not differentiate among types of drug-releasing stents as the industry desired. The price cap was set at 7,260 rupees ($113) for the older generation metal variants and 29,600 rupees ($461) for drug-releasing variants. Abbott said it was "disappointed" with the decision. An executive at the Medical Technology Association said different types of drug-releasing stents should be treated differently.
Activists have lauded the government's action on stent pricing, saying reduced prices would benefit the masses.
"The government intervention is expected to end exploitation of patients," health activist K.M.Gopakumar said.
But some in the healthcare industry disagree. "Considering affordability is important but not at the cost of putting brakes on the evolving technology that is so essential to ensure patients' well-being," said Shirish Hiremath, president of the Cardiologist Society of India.
(Editing by Tom Lasseter and Alex Richardson)
BRIEF-SSH Communications Security offers up to 3.4 mln new shares in accelerated book-built offering
* SSH COMMUNICATIONS SECURITY OFFERS UP TO 3,400,000 NEW SHARES TO INSTITUTIONAL AND OTHER SELECTED INVESTORS IN AN ACCELERATED BOOK-BUILT OFFERING
Soccer-West Ham reschedule opening home game against Southampton
June 15 West Ham United's first home game of the 2017-18 Premier League campaign against Southampton will be rescheduled as the London Stadium undergoes renovation following the conclusion of the 2017 IAAF World Athletics Championships on Aug. 13.
Singapore PM's brother says he fears authorities may stop him from leaving
SINGAPORE, June 15 Singapore Prime Minister Lee Hsien Loong's younger brother said on Thursday he fears the nation's authorities may stop him from leaving the country or take other action against him after he made a series of accusations against Lee.
Nintendo
In honor of Halloween and October, Splatoon 2 is having a spooky theme for its upcoming Splatfest in North America. It has been a little over a month since the last Splatfest so we are overdue for one and Nintendo is delivering.
This Splatfest is not only spooky but it is also being held on October 13. Thirteen has long been considered an unlucky number and it's even mean unlucky this year since it falls on Friday the 13th. This upcoming Splatfest asks players to choose either team Vampire or team Werewolf. This one actually has potential to be a pretty close battle.
This Splatfest will take place on October 13 and run through October 14. It will follow the same format of Splatfests in the past and only feature Turf War as players battle it out for their team. Players will be given a shirt beforehand that can be used to fill up with abilities. The events kick off a 9 p.m. PT on October 13 or midnight ET on October 14.
Splatoon 2 is receiving a new weapon and stage today in another free update. The stage is called Snapper Canal and it will be added into the map rotation as soon as it's released. The weapon is called the Bamboozler 14 Mk which is a returning weapon from Splatoon 1.
Splatfests are one of the big features about Splatoon 2. The battles operate just like a normal Turf War battle, but this time you're fighting for your chosen side. You select what team you'll be on in the hub area and then you can either choose the Solo Division or Team Division. The Team Division is used if you want to play with friends as you'll be ranked with other teams while solo will put you up against other solo players. You can read more about how the Splatfests will operate here.
Since a lot of Splatoon 2's longevity will depend on these Splatfests, Nintendo has promised to keep them going for at least two years. This gives us Splatfests for twice as long as its predecessor and it will also be a way to keep players interested. On top of the Splatfests, Nintendo is also pumping the game with free DLC long after the launch, giving players more weapons, gear, stages and more. This should come as no surprise since Splatoon was one of the Wii U's standout titles so Nintendo is building on that with the sequel.
Soccer-West Ham reschedule opening home game against Southampton
June 15 West Ham United's first home game of the 2017-18 Premier League campaign against Southampton will be rescheduled as the London Stadium undergoes renovation following the conclusion of the 2017 IAAF World Athletics Championships on Aug. 13.
April 20 Mgic Investment Corp
* MGIC Investment Corp reports first quarter 2017 results
* Q1 non-gaap operating earnings per share $0.31
* Q1 earnings per share $0.24
* Q1 revenue $260.9 million versus $258.6 million
* New insurance written in Q1 was $9.3 billion, compared to $8.3 billion in Q1 of 2016
* Qtrly net premiums written $236.7 million versus $231.3 million last year
* Qtrly net premiums earned $229.1 million versus $221.3 million last year
* At March 31, 2017, percentage of loans that were delinquent, excluding bulk loans, was 3.62 percent, compared to 4.05 pct at Dec 31, 2016 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
LONDON Ryanair (RYA.I), Europe's largest airline by passenger numbers, plans to pivot its growth away from Britain over the next two years as it fears the lack of clarity over Brexit will cause major travel disruption and hit demand.
Airlines such as Ryanair and rival easyJet (EZJ.L) have urged the British government to put aviation at the front of the queue when negotiating its EU exit because they need to finalise their 2019 summer schedules in the first half of next year.
Ryanair has warned more stridently than peers of the dangers of neglecting aviation in the negotiations, saying that there may be no flights between the UK and Europe for a period of time if a special aviation deal is not agreed.
Without a deal, it is unclear what rules would govern airlines with significant British and EU business after Brexit. The uncertainty is pushing Ryanair to look outside Britain to grow the network by adding new routes and flights.
"Ryanair is pivoting its growth away from the UK," Finance Director Neil Sorahan told reporters in London, adding that the airline had planned to grow by about 15 percent in the UK last year but had instead posted growth of about 6 percent.
He said that Brexit will "inevitably" lead to a slowdown in growth in the UK and Europe, and added that, unless the government can provide greater certainty as to how airlines will be able to operate in the future, growth may slow more sharply as the end of the two-year divorce process approaches.
"The clock is ticking," Sorahan said. "Every day that goes past is another day that we still don't know where we're going."
The EU's chief negotiator has set a target of agreeing a Brexit deal with Britain by October 2018 though diplomats on both sides admit they face years arduous talks.
Airlines based in the EU have the right to fly to, from and within any country in the bloc thanks to the single aviation market created in the 1990s, meaning Britain has just two years to renegotiate access or come up with an alternative system.
Failure to agree a new deal could mean airlines having to rely on older, more restrictive bilateral ties between Britain and the other 27 individual EU member states, which would not allow for airlines like easyJet to fly between two EU countries.
EXTREME TURBULENCE
Luton-based easyJet has been one of the hardest hit by the vote, with its shares down by a third due to its exposure to the British consumer and its role flying between the remaining 27-member states which make up 30-40 percent of its business.
It has said it is close to applying for a licence to set up an operating company within the EU to protect its intra-EU flights.
Dublin-based Ryanair would not be able to fly intra-UK routes without an agreement or a UK operating base. Sorahan said that the airline had not yet decided whether it would try to secure a British air operating licence, and could instead cut its flights within Britain, which only account for around 2 percent of its business.
He said a decision would be made over the next 12 months.
Chief Marketing Officer Kenny Jacobs said that Ryanair had been disappointed that British Prime Minister Theresa May did not mention the aviation sector in her letter triggering formal Brexit negotiations last week.
"If we had seen in Theresa May's letter a specific reference to Open Skies, that would've been good," Jacobs said, adding that a sector by sector approach to negotiations would help.
May has held back from detailing her priorities for individual sectors, saying little more than she wants the closest possible economic ties with the bloc when Britain departs.
That has frustrated some sectors, such as financial services, which hoped to sway the government into prioritising their concerns above others to get early certainty.
(Writing by Kate Holton; editing by Guy Faulconbridge)
The group describes itself as a forum for "bloke-related discussion and banter". Picture: Facebook
The group describes itself as a forum for "bloke-related discussion and banter". Picture: Facebook
PEOPLE with disabilities, amputees and bashed cyclists are being savagely ridiculed in an Aussie men's banter group with more than 180,000 members.
Now, some of the controversial Facebook group's members say comments on the page have gone too far after people with Down syndrome were slammed as "freaks" in a vile thread.
Aussie Man Cave has more than 500 member requests a day. One of the administrators told news.com.au that almost anything goes on the page and its members are merely using their right to free speech.
A spat between members began earlier this week when a video of people with disabilities dating was uploaded with the caption "At home with Mr and Mrs Potato".
Some members attacked the video's poster and the no-holds-barred comments which quickly began to stack up under the controversial post - saying those ridiculing the couple had "no morals" and they were "taking it too far".
The page also includes posts where violence towards cyclists and "lefties" is condoned and laughed at.
Chris* of Bankstown generally loves the freedom of the group, but feels these type of attacks went "way too far" and that a "sick minority" is bringing the page down.
He joined the closed group after his mates showed him a few funny videos on the page of drunken people falling over.
"It's pretty funny stuff and there's always something being uploaded," he said. "I knew there was going to be some offensive stuff on there, but I think people just whinge about anything these days so I didn't really care."
However, there were a few posts among the lewd pictures of women, memes mocking the Greens and videos of Aussie blokes doing stupid things, that caught his eye for all the wrong reasons.
"The right-wing stuff is fair game, but there is a sick minority of people ruining it by just taking it way too far with videos taking the p*ss out of disabled people, amputees and overweight kids," he said. "They just have no respect for others."
A video of a cyclist being attacked was praised by some members. Picture: Facebook
The member who posted the video mocking the couple with Down syndrome has since been removed from the group, but he had one last message for his haters.
"For all the sooks, snowflakes and whinging little b**ches plaguing Man Cave now, these ones for you!!!" he posted before sharing one last video of an expletive-laden parody song.
Several other videos have also caused a spat between members of the controversial page in recent days.
One post features a video of an elderly man being viciously pushed off his pushbike by man in a passing car.
The bloke who posted it said the attacker should be the prime minister of Australia and dozens of others chipped in celebrating the attack.
"If this video doesn't prove normal people's dislike for Lycra glad (sic) road toads nothing will!!!" one commenter wrote. "Start abiding by the road rules or f**k off into a bush!!!!! Lol."
However, not everybody condoned the video.
"If it was your family member, child etc you'd be trying to find the guy to bash the s**t out of him. Idiots," wrote one commenter.
"This guy could have seriously been hurt," wrote another. "He could have kids waiting at home or could be the main carer in his household and if he is seriously injured because someone thinks this s**t is funny."
Another contentious post earlier this week showed far-right protesters in Portland, Oregon, launching a savage assault on demonstrators from the Left-wing anti-fascist group Antifa.
"Likes" and laughing face emojis came flooding in and the comments thread began to fill up with remarks such as "look them lefties get hooked haha classic".
Jye*, an administrator for Aussie Man Cave, said the group started out as a "casual meeting point where people can come in and rant, rave, complain or talk about something good".
He said the video of a couple with Down syndrome had been taken down, but those posting offensive comments calling them "freaks" were not removed from the group.
"Part of free speech is the right to voice your say over something offending you," he said.
However, he said the three administrators of Man Cave did "have to draw a line somewhere".
"Nudity is deleted instantly and repeat offenders are banned on the spot," he said. "This is a Facebook rule, not ours, but we have to enforce it if we want the group to keep existing.
"Anything with cruelty to animals is taken down instantly and usually the original poster is banned.
"Outside of that, we do remove hideously offensive or cruel videos, but as it's run as a team these are generally things that need to be done as a group decision, particularly if I'm offline. Unfortunately these group decisions do take a while.
"I've seen some horrific videos in there, and I'm quite proud of the fact I've taken them down instantly. Again I'm not against free speech, but I'm not a fan of harm or cruelty."
However, he was concerned about some of the things that were posted.
"I don't agree with them at all but I don't feel I should delete posts based on my personal feelings, outside of the obvious boundary-pushing posts," he said.
"Man Cave is for everyone, but people need to understand somebody might post something that they don't like and, if it isn't awful, it'll likely stay.
"People are significantly more outspoken behind a keyboard; this is just a part of social media."
And, just in case you were wondering, women are allowed to join the group.
"Chicks are welcome but only if they are cool as f*** and respect that this is a blokes group with blokey topics and banter," the group's rules read. "Annoying sooky drama queens are booted immediately."
* Surname has been omitted at interviewee's request
Mattel plays with digital toys to triple China business
June 14 Mattel Inc expects to grow three to four times in the more than $31 billion toys and games market in China by 2020 through digitally connected toys, as it intensifies its efforts to take on LEGO Group and Hasbro Inc in the country.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Feb 2 (Reuters) - COMISION NACIONAL DEL MERCADO DE VALORES:
* TAKEOVER BID OF AXIARE LAUNCHED BY INMOBILIARIA COLONIAL ACCEPTED BY 58.07 PERCENT OF SHARE CAPITAL OF OFFEREE COMPANY
* TAKEOVER BID OF AXIARE LAUNCHED BY INMOBILIARIA COLONIAL ACCEPTANCE EXCEEDED MINIMUM LIMIT SET BY OFFEROR FOR VALIDITY Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
SARAJEVO, April 3 Bosnia's autonomous Bosniak-Croat Federation plans to issue three-month treasury bills worth of 20 million Bosnian marka ($10.9 million) on April 11 to help finance maturing debt, data from the region's Finance Ministry website showed.
The ministry resorted to the issuing of debt after the International Monetary Fund halted the disbursement of aid under its 553 million euros ($590 million) loan programme for Bosnia over the authorities' failure to implement required reforms.
The sale will be carried out through the Sarajevo Stock Exchange (SASE), the ministry said.
The lender has already paid out 79.2 million euros. But to access the next tranche of 80 million euros, Bosnia must pass a law raising excise taxes, and the Bosniak-Croat Federation must adopt a new banking law and sign an agreement on due diligence in its two telecoms firms with international lenders.
The IMF distributes the loan payments to Bosnia's central government in Sarajevo but the principal beneficiaries are its two autonomous regions - the Bosniak-Croat Federation and the Serb Republic. ($1 = 0.9374 euros) ($1 = 1.83 Bosnian marka) (Reporting by Daria Sito-Sucic; Editing by Alison Williams)
ELK RIVER -- The Sherburne County Board of Commissioners has voted unanimously to make their parks tobacco-free.
This means that Bridgeview Park Reserve (Big Lake Township), Grams Regional Park (Zimmerman), Island View Regional Park (Clear Lake) and Oak Savanna Park (Becker Township) are added to the list of tobacco-free parks in Minnesota.
April 3 Asia-Pacific stocks continued their rally in March after the U.S. Federal Reserve signaled a gradual pace of monetary tightening at its March 14–15 meeting. Rising 2.85 pct in March, the MSCI's broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan climbed 12.34 percent in the Jan–March quarter, its biggest first-quarter gain since March 1991. Indian stocks led gains in the region with a 17.42 percent rise in dollar terms for the March quarter. In March, the ruling Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) won elections in some key states, including Uttar Pradesh. Sri Lankan stocks were at the bottom of the list with a 4.03 percent fall. Asian markets performance: tmsnrt.rs/2o1qtAN Asian markets valuations: tmsnrt.rs/2nz9OSd Asian markets-Analyst revision scores: tmsnrt.rs/2nQNqGt (Reporting by Gaurav S Dogra and Patturaja Murugabooopathy; Editing by Sunil Nair)
AIRSHOW-CDB in talks with Boeing, Airbus ahead of Le Bourget
PARIS, June 15 CDB Aviation, the aircraft leasing arm of China Development Bank, is in talks to place orders with both Boeing and Airbus and could complete at least one of the deals by as early as next week's Paris Airshow, two people familiar with the matter said.
WeWork CEO says revenue runs at $1 bln a year, no IPO details yet
NEW YORK, June 14 The chief executive of WeWork Cos Inc said on Wednesday the coworking space startup he co-founded is now generating $1 billion a year in revenue at current rates and will launch an initial public offering, but did not say where or when.
Paso Robles man dies in crash
August 13, 2017
A 22-year-old Paso Robles man died Saturday morning in a single-car crash on Charolais Road near Sleepy Hollow Road.
Shortly before 1 a.m., a police officer found Conner James Binkele lying on the roadway near his overturned car. The officer suspects Binkele was ejected from his vehicle during the crash.
Responders then transported Binkele to Sierra Vista Regional Medical Center, where he died from his injuries.
An investigation into the crash is ongoing, but police suspect alcohol may have been a factor.
Loading...
Sarah And Vinnie's Full Show Podcast: 6.14.2017
Today on Sarah and Vinnie's Full Show Podcast:
6-7am –YouTube star Austin Jones arrested on child pornography charges, turns out Jennifer Lawrence's plane did have one working engine when it landed, ‘The Hunger Games' helps a girl aid friends wound, North Korea releases American student reportedly in coma as Dennis Rodman returns to the reclusive nation, breaking new: gunman opens fire during baseball practice for republican members of congress, and the perfect length of time for sex!
Click Here to download. (Right click on PC, Control key and click on Mac.)
7-8am –Uber director David Bonderman resigns from board following comment about women, the Warriors parade, the boozy couple on the plane, and man had sex with stranger on Ryanair flight ‘while pregnant fiancée was at home'!
Click Here to download. (Right click on PC, Control key and click on Mac.)
8-9am –How much money the warriors blew through spraying champagne, it's the President's birthday today, Hooman tells us about Jim Jefferies, and President Trump addresses the shooting that took place this morning!
Click Here to download. (Right click on PC, Control key and click on Mac.)
9-10am – Vinnie reads your contributions via text!
Click Here to download. (Right click on PC, Control key and click on Mac.)
Rate and Comment on our Podcast in iTunes!
TRIPOLI Forces aligned with a U.N.-backed government in Tripoli said on Monday that three of their men had been killed in air raids against a desert air base by rivals allied with eastern-based commander Khalifa Haftar.
The oil-producing North African state slipped into turmoil during the 2011 uprising that ended Muammar Gaddafi's 42-year-old and has been riven by factional strife since then.
The struggle for control around Tamanhent air base 30 km (19 miles) northeast of Sabha risks escalating into the first major confrontation between forces officially linked to the Government of National Accord (GNA) and Haftar's Libyan National Army (LNA).
Haftar is aligned with an eastern parliament and government that have spurned the GNA since it arrived in the capital Tripoli, in the far west of the country, a year ago.
His forces have been extending their reach along Libya's central Mediterranean coastline and into the desert regions of Jufra and Sabha, and say they also intend to take control of Tripoli.
After an LNA strike against Tamanhent last week the GNA warned of the risk of civil war and said it was mobilising forces to repel the attack.
Tamanhent is controlled by a force from Misrata, a militarily powerful western city that has backed the GNA. Air strikes on Monday killed three men stationed there and wounded at least one more, according to Mohamed al-Gasri, a spokesman for the defence ministry in Tripoli.
An eastern military source said there had also been ground clashes around Samnu, about 50 km (30 miles) northeast of Sabha. A medical source in Sabha said three LNA troops had been killed.
Since 2014, loose and shifting military alliances based in the east and west of Libya have been engaged in a stop-start conflict which the GNA has been unable to resolve.
(Reporting by Ahmed Elumami and Ayman al-Warfalli; Writing by Aidan Lewis; Editing by Mark Heinrich, Toni Reinhold)
Picture taken March 16, 2017. The Toronto Dominion (TD) Canada Trust Tower is reflected in the windows of the Royal Bank of Canada (RBC) headquarters in Toronto, Ontario, Canada March 16, 2017. REUTERS/Chris Helgren
TORONTO Scrutiny of Canada's financial oversight sparked by reports of improper sales practices at the nation's top banks shows its watchdogs lack the muscle and the bite to tackle consumer abuses as aggressively as their U.S. and European peers.
Canada's banking system avoided failures in the 2007-09 financial crisis and the World Economic Forum consistently ranks it as being among the world's soundest, crediting strong regulations and oversight for the top billing.
But reports by CBC News, Canada's public broadcaster, that staff at the country's biggest five banks had moved customers to higher fee accounts and raised overdraft and credit card limits without their knowledge made lawmakers and campaign groups question if lenders were properly supervised.
"If they're doing it with customer service, where else might they be doing it?" said Robert-Falcon Ouellette, a Liberal MP and a member of Canada's House of Commons Standing Committee on Finance.
A review of budgets, staffing and legal powers at the disposal of the Financial Consumer Agency of Canada (FCAC), the primary financial consumer watchdog, shows the regulator lacking the firepower of its U.S. and British peers.
The FCAC has a budget of C$18 million ($13.5 million) for the 2016/17 financial year and employs 89 staff. In contrast, the Office of the Superintendent of Financial Institutions that oversees the safety of the entire banking system employs 700 with an annual budget of C$144 million.
By comparison, Britain's Financial Conduct Authority had an annual budget of 519 million pounds ($645 million) and 3,337 staff at the end of its last fiscal year. The U.S. Consumer Financial Protection Bureau had a budget of $606 million last year and 1,623 employees.
The FCAC's fines are also capped at C$500,000 per violation and since its formation in 2001, the FCAC has issued fines totaling just C$1.7 million. In contrast, Britain's FCA has dished out over $3 billion pounds since its creation in 2013 while the CFPB has handed out fines worth over $5 billion since its creation in 2011.
"MYSTERY SHOPPERS"
One consequence of the tight budget is that the FCAC has not carried out a "mystery shopper" exercise since 2005.
"They demand a lot of resources and are not always necessary," FCAC's Deputy Commissioner Brigitte Goulard told Reuters in an interview.
"There are better ways to make sure the banks actually comply with the legislation," she added. "The banks are required to self-reveal, self-assess their own compliance with legislation and I think it's worked fairly well."
Consumer advocate Duff Conacher said, however, that the Canadian regulator's failure to detect questionable business practices reported by the public broadcaster could be down to the lack of "mystery shopper" checks where inspectors pose as regular customers.
To be sure, when Wells Fargo (WFC.N) paid $190 million last year to settle charges that its sales staff created 2 million of unauthorized accounts, it was down to a whistleblower and media who alerted the authorities about the practices.
But "mystery shopping" helped U.S. regulators last year to investigate allegations of racial discrimination at BancorpSouth Inc (BXS.N) that led to a $10.6 million settlement.
In Britain, regulators used the technique in 2008 to investigate banks' mis-selling of loan insurance in the nation's most costly corporate scandal.
Conacher also criticized the FCAC for effectively tipping off banks when it said earlier this month it would review business practices in the federally regulated financial sector in April.
"It's just another example, unfortunately, of the Financial Consumer Agency of Canada's negligent lack of enforcement and weak enforcement record," he said in an interview.
Conacher is a co-founder of Democracy Watch, a lobby group which has gathered 50,000 signatures under a petition calling for more effective regulation of Canada's biggest banks.
One issue that stirred much debate was the continued use of sales incentives by banks named in the CBC reports - Royal Bank of Canada (RY.TO), Toronto Dominion Bank (TD.TO), Bank of Nova Scotia (BNS.TO), Bank of Montreal (BMO.TO) and Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce (CM.TO).
All five have confirmed that they continue to offer sales incentives for staff and defended the practice that some of their British and U.S. peers have scrapped or modified under pressure from regulators.
"What we've created is an incentive system where people might feel pressure to engage in unethical behavior which might actually jeopardize the long-term future of the banking market," Ouellette said.
Since Canadian banks have avoided scandals or failures that have plagued banks their European and U.S. peers, they have avoided similar intense regulatory scrutiny, raising the question if any improper practices might have gone undetected, banking analysts say.
FCAC's Goulard said existing statistics did not suggest that.
"In the past two years we've had over 6,000 complaints and about 200 of those have to deal with not obtaining the consent of the consumer," she said. In some cases consumers have given their consent but have forgotten about it, she added.
Canada's Liberal government is currently reviewing the regulation of the financial services industry and, last August, launched a consultation on the issue.
Conservative MP Dan Albas, who also sits on the parliamentary finance committee, said the reports of mis-selling made the review particularly critical.
"If there seem to be systematic issues where there are gaps that consumers are falling through or banks aren't meeting their obligations then that's something the government needs to take very seriously."
(Reporting by Matthew Scuffham; Editing by Tomasz Janowski)
Feb 2 (Reuters) - TOFAS TURK OTOMOBIL:
* REPORTED ON THURSDAY FY 2017 NET PROFIT AT 1.28 BILLION LIRA VERSUS 970.2 MILLION LIRA YEAR AGO
* FY 2017 REVENUE AT 17.47 BILLION LIRA VERSUS 14.24 BILLION LIRA YEAR AGO
* EXPECTS DOMESTIC RETAIL SALES AT 110,000 - 120,000 UNITS AND PRODUCTION VOLUME AT 370,000 - 390,000 UNITS IN FY 2018
* EXPECTS INVESTMENTS AT 150.0 - 170.0 MILLION EUROS IN FY 2018
Source text for Eikon:
Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
Get Birmingham City FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Former Birmingham City whizz kid Demarai Gray has taken a cheeky swipe at pal Wes Harding, who made his first Championship start on Saturday.
Harding, 21, starred as Blues dismantled Hull City at St Andrew's to pull themselves level with 21st-placed Barnsley on 33 points.
And the defender marked a proud moment by posting a message to his followers on Instagram.
Harding said: “Proud to make my football league debut for @bcfcofficial yesterday afternoon. The support from my family, friends and 23,000 fans was second to none! 3 points and a clean sheet. There's not much more I could ask for.”
But Gray, who played alongside Harding in the youth ranks at Blues, made his former team-mate a promise if they ever come face to face.
The Leicester City winger replied: “I'm gonna end you the day I play against you brooo.”
The lowdown
During the 3-0 victory over Hull City Wes Harding became the latest player from the Birmingham City youth set-up to graduate to Championship football, writes Brian Dick.
The youngster gave a convincing display as a Championship right back in the white-out at St Andrew's and white heat of a relegation battle.
Garry Monk had enough belief in the untested rookie to pick him ahead of Arsenal loan man - and former England cap - Carl Jenkinson.
This is how Harding got here and where he goes from now.
Who is he?
A young defender who was born in Leicester 21-years ago. He has been at Blues for around five years and has come through the Under 18s and 23s - both of whom he captained. He had two substitute appearances of the bench in the EFL Cup earlier this season before starting on Saturday.
What's his background?
Harding had a few trials for Leicester's academy but ended up joining Coventry's, from where he was released at Under 14s.
Then it was on to Villa where he spent just over a year but wasn't awarded a scholarship. Thankfully Blues had spotted him and he moved across the city at 16.
Since then he's come through squads managed by Steve Spooner and Richard Beale and has been a vocal captain virtually every step of the way.
Gary Rowett took him to Marbella in 2015 but no first team appearances materialised.
He had a loan spell at non-league Alfreton at the start of last season but picked up a knee injury.
In his determination to show he could cut it in senior football he played on and suffered a more serious set-back.
The breakthrough
He started to get more recognition in the summer, when Harry Redknapp used him in a pre-season game at Kidderminster and then started him in the final warm-up match against Swansea.
His first team debut came off the bench for the final half hour against Crawley in August. He then played 70 minutes against Bournemouth after Emilio Nsue went off injured.
Steve Cotterill kept him around the squad and since his arrival Monk has extended opportunities to several young players in first team training.
After a stuttering performance by Jenkinson at Cardiff the manager made the bold decision to give Harding a full Championship debut at home to Hull.
How did he do?
Really well. It took him several minutes to get into the game - but he announced his presence in uncompromising style - a very heavy sliding tackle on Liverpool loan youngster Harry Wilson.
It was probably worth a yellow-and-a-half, but he survived and grew into the game and Wilson became more and more peripheral.
His pass completion rate of 68.8% was the highest for Blues defenders and he matched or bettered fellow full back Maxime Colin in terms of headers, clearances and crosses. His swinging centre was just too high for Lukas Jutkiewicz.
In the second half he swept up really well on a couple of occasions and showed a willingness to get forward. All in all - very positive
The manager
Garry Monk insisted he never had any qualms about throwing Harding into the fray.
“I never have any doubts in situations like that. I have shown it at all the clubs I have been at,” Monk said.
“To me the situation doesn't matter. If I feel that a player is good enough and ready enough I will never have any fear of that.
“I made the decision because I felt with Hull scoring the goals they have scored in recent games, the threats that their wingers pose, Wes brings that bit of pace and tenacity to his defending.
“Especially with that early booking as well. I thought he showed good maturity to handle that afterwards. I will never have any fear of throwing a young player in.
“I will continue to do that.
“I am very pleased for him and for the team. He did very, very well. You have to give players trust whoever they are, senior pros or players starting out in their careers.”
PODCAST
You can subscribe to our podcast
Audioboom: https://audioboom.com/channel/blue-noise
RSS feed: https://audioboom.com/channels/4948397.rss
What did he say himself?
Asked by Blues TV if he'd be busting a gut to keep his place for the Ipswich game, Harding was unequivocal: “Yes, 100 per cent. That's the aim now. We have got the three points and the clean sheet but when we start next week that will be out of the way and the focus will shift to the next game - and I want to be involved.
“The clean slate has lifted everyone's spirits. Straight away you have got everyone involved, which is a good thing. The team morale is there, we can keep getting points now. Everybody is confident that we will do it.”
And that tackle? “That wasn't in the script at all! I thought I could get the ball. I think I took an extra step which is what gave him time to move the ball away.
“Straight away off the cuff I thought ‘Oh my gosh, let me relax, go back to the basics'. And that's what I did."
Social media support
What next?
Wilson had been earning rave reviews for Hull with some suggestions he would go back to Liverpool and challenge for first team game-time.
However, key for Harding is keeping his place in the side. Jenkinson is fit, Josh Dacres-Cogley is an option at right back - and Monk could use Maxime Colin there if he has faith in an alternative left back.
He's got two weeks to continue to impress before the meeting with Ipswich on March 31.
After that there could be reunions with Will Buckley at Bolton and Burton's Lloyd Dyer and clashes with Bristol City's Jamie Paterson and Ivan Cavaleiro/Barry Douglas at Wolves.
He's under contract for until the summer of 2020 so doesn't have that worry hanging over his head.
Kim Kardashian has transformed herself plenty of times over the years, but in makeup artist Kandee Johnson's latest tutorial, she pulls off her most impressive look yet — an IRL Princess Jasmine.
In the video, Kandee starts by gluing Kim's eyebrows into place (a must-watch), then she does a contour, a taupe eyeshadow, and a lip line to finish it out. The final product is crazy good.
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Kim FaceTimed her daughter after the transformation was complete and pretended to be the princess. Seriously, what kid wouldn't want to FaceTime with a Disney character? "Hey North, it's Princess Jasmine," Kim said on the phone. "I have your mommy's phone. She wanted me to call you and tell you she's on my magic carpet on her way home."
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
North, being the smart child she is, wasn't so fooled by the look. "You don't look like Jasmine," she said. "You're really Kim. It's KIM."
"My toughest critic," Kim said, as North pointed out that her voice doesn't sound like Jasmine's. Kim doesn't give up the bit, though. She told North she'd call her in a bit because she "had to go check on her tiger," but still no luck.
"If you couldn't fool a 4-year-old with the makeup look then I've failed at my job," Kandee joked.
Maybe she wasn't convinced because she's actually seen her mom dress up as Jasmine before, like when they went as the character for Halloween last year.
Better luck next time, Kim.
Follow Emma on Instagram.
April 20 Tesla Inc has recalled 53,000 of its Model S and Model X cars for parking brake issue, according to a statement on its website on Thursday.
Shares of the U.S. luxury electric carmaker dropped 1.3 percent to $301.50 in afternoon trading. (bit.ly/2ovjTzb) (Reporting by Narottam Medhora in Bengaluru; Editing by Shounak Dasgupta)
April 6 Schmolz & Bickenbach AG:
* Successfully placed 200 million euro ($213.14 million) offering
* Notes due 2022 were allocated to orders received in a several times oversubscribed offer launched on April 3, 2017 (the "Offering")
* The notes will have a coupon of 5.625 percent and will mature on July 15, 2022 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: ($1 = 0.9384 euros) (Gdynia Newsroom)
Dollar and Pound banknotes are seen in this picture illustration taken April 28, 2017. REUTERS/Dado Ruvic/Illustration
NEW YORK The U.S. dollar rallied broadly on Wednesday and hit more than six-week highs against the yen after the Federal Reserve signalled it was still on track for two more interest rate hikes this year.
The Fed kept interest rates unchanged, downplayed weak first-quarter economic growth and emphasized the strength of the labour market in its statement following the end of a two-day policy meeting.
The central bank also said consumer spending continued to be solid, business investment had firmed and inflation has been "running close" to its target.
The dollar rose by as much as 0.7 percent against the yen, and hit 112.69 yen, the highest level since March 21, as the Fed statement solidified expectations for a rate hike in June and another in the second half of the year.
"The June hike looks pretty much alive," said Win Thin, global head of emerging markets currency strategy at Brown Brothers Harriman in New York.
The euro fell by as much as 0.4 percent against the dollar, to a session trough of $1.0888 after the statement, after rising as high as $1.0936 earlier. The dollar also jumped against the Swiss franc, sterling and the Canadian dollar.
Even before the Fed statement, the dollar had hit more than six-week highs against the yen as traders digested the possibility of ultra-long U.S. bond issuance and stronger-than-expected April U.S. services sector growth.
Investors were awaiting Friday's monthly U.S. non-farm payrolls report for greater signs of the Fed's likely rate hike trajectory through the end of the year. Economists polled by Reuters expect U.S. employers to have added 185,000 jobs in April, up from 98,000 in March.
The Fed statement "makes the Friday non-farm payrolls report I think more important, because if that is disappointing then the Fed is going to backpedal," said Axel Merk, president and chief investment officer of Palo Alto, California-based Merk Investments.
Private employers expanded their payrolls by 177,000 jobs last month, payrolls process ADP reported on Wednesday. While that was the smallest gain since October, it roughly matched expectations of economists surveyed by Reuters, who had forecast a gain of 175,000 jobs.
The U.S. dollar index, which measures the greenback against six major currencies but the majority of whose weighting is against the euro, was last up 0.4 percent at 99.345.
(Additional reporting by Jemima Kelly in London; Editing by David Gregorio and Leslie Adler)
Bajaj Auto sales decline in December, the company's stock on Impact show. Bajaj Auto's stock traded 2.2 per cent broken.
Contact
TradeIndia Research
18003157801
tradeindiaresearch07@ gmail.com TradeIndia Research18003157801
End
-- Bajaj Auto sales decline in December, the company's stock on Impact show. Bajaj Auto's stock traded 2.2 per cent broken.The company's motorcycle sales in December fell by 18 per cent. The company has a total of 203 312 units sold in December in the same period last year the company had sold 247 782 units.Commercial vehicle sales of the company's sales fell by 46 percent. Company total 22 217 units during the month of December, the company sold 41 221 units were sold in the previous corresponding period.The first trading day of the new year of 2017 stocks tracking movements can secure their investments. We are told that these stocks will report today.Bombay Daing- 185 crore was approved to sell machinery and landsAielandfs- company 242.56 million contract to build the road in Karnataka foundEicher Motors December sales increased by 42 per centElanji- Petronet LNG project in Bangladesh to Rs 64.49 billion was signedJSW Anerjee- approved release of Rs 550 crore NCD.
BERLIN/FRANKFURT, April 13 The DAX top-30 index looked set to open 0.1 percent lower on Thursday, according to premarket data from brokerage Lang & Schwarz at 0610 GMT.
The following are some of the factors that may move German stocks:
DAIMLER
Indicated 0.2 percent higher
Daimler's Mercedes-Benz USA chief said the German automaker has not decided whether to resume selling diesel vehicles in the United States.
DEUTSCHE BANK
Indicated 0.2 percent lower
The lender plans to fold the capital markets business of its Sal. Oppenheim subsidiary into the parent's asset management division, which it aims to list separately, Frankfurter Allgemeine Zeitung reported, without specifying its sources. All necessary documents for the flotation will be ready by end-June, the paper added.
HENKEL
Indicated 0.2 percent lower
The consumer goods group will continue to look for acquisitions, focussing on adhesives, washing products and cosmetics, supervisory board head Simone Bagel-Trah told newspaper Rheinische Post.
LUFTHANSA
Indicated 1.8 percent lower
Investor Infinite Miles sold a Lufthansa stake of 2.5 percent on the open market, Bloomberg reported.
SIEMENS
Indicated unchanged
HHS announced a $8.9 million agreement with Siemens Healthineers to further develop a new Zika diagnostic test.
QIAGEN
No indication available
The company said two peer-reviewed studies indicate potential additional clinical value for QuantiFERON-TB Gold Plus to detect latent tuberculosis (TB) infection.
DRAEGERWERK
Indicated 0.7 percent higher
The medical equipment maker said late on Wednesday first-quarter earnings before interest and tax rose to 2 million euros, up from a loss of 15.7 million a year earlier. Order intake rose 6.6 percent.
EX-DIVIDEND
PUMA - dividend 0.75 euros/shr
OVERSEAS STOCK MARKETS
Dow Jones -0.3 pct, S&P 500 -0.4 pct, Nasdaq -0.5 pct at close.
Nikkei -1.1 pct, Shanghai stocks +0.1 pct.
Time: 4.52 GMT.
GERMAN ECONOMIC DATA
Germany's consumer prices (CPI) rose by 0.1 percent in March from the previous month and jumped by 1.5 percent from the previous year.
EUROPEAN FACTORS TO WATCH
DIARIES
REUTERS TOP NEWS (Reporting by Victoria Bryan and Ludwig Burger)
LONDON, March 30 The National Bank of Abu Dhabi has issued the Gulf region's first green bond, raising $587 million for projects to fight climate change, the London Stock Exchange (LSE) said on Thursday.
Proceeds from so-called green bonds help to finance projects in renewable energy, energy-efficiency, green transport and waste water treatment.
"London Stock Exchange today welcomes the listing of the first ever green bond from the Gulf region, issued by National Bank of Abu Dhabi," the exchange said in a statement.
"(The bank) is spearheading the potential to unlock and promote green finance across the Middle East region," Darko Hajdukovic, head of fixed income of funds and analytics at London Stock Exchange, said.
The five-year bond is listed on the LSE.
Global green bond issuance could reach $125-150 billion this year as demand for low-carbon infrastructure investment continues, Swedish banking group SEB said on Thursday.
(Reporting by Nina Chestney. Editing by Jane Merriman)
The curve on the DAX board is pictured at the Frankfurt stock exchange, Germany, June 29, 2015. REUTERS/Ralph Orlowski
LONDON European shares were led lower by declines in the bank sector on Thursday, leaving an index of the continent's top companies to nurse a weekly loss.
The pan-European STOXX 600 index closed down 0.4 percent, ending the week with a 0.2 percent decline over a holiday-shortened four-day week, following two weeks of gains.
The banking sector .SX7P was down 1.2 percent at a five-week low, set for its fifth straight day of losses as investors globally fled risky assets.
Spain's Banco Popular (POP.MC) and Austria's Raiffeisen Bank (RBIV.VI) led the sector's losses, down 3.6 percent and 5.5 percent respectively. French banks Société Générale (SOGN.PA), Credit Agricole (CAGR.PA) and BNP Paribas (BNPP.PA) were also among the top fallers, down by between 1.4 and 2.6 percent.
“The global reflation trade came off and banks, which have been doing quite well, have been dropping," Norman Villamin, chief investment officer at UBP (Union Bancaire Privée), said. "But we still see opportunity for European banks going forward, and we are looking in the pull back for the opportunity to put some money to work in European banks.”
German airline Lufthansa (LHAG.DE) fell 3.1 percent after investor InfiniteMiles placed a 2.5 percent stake at 15.25 euros per share.
Svenska Cellulosa Aktiebolaget (SCAb.ST) rose to a record high, up 7.8 percent. A group of private equity companies bid around 200 billion Swedish crowns ($22.3 billion) for the hygiene arm of the tissue and forestry products company, a Swedish newspaper said, citing unnamed sources.
GOLD ADVANCES
SCA, which declined comment on the report, said last year it would split its business into a hygiene segment and a forestry segment.
Gold climbed to a five-month high on geopolitical tensions and U.S. President Donald Trump's comments on the dollar's strength .
Gold miner Centamin (CEY.L) was up 5.1 percent. Blue-chip peers Fresnillo (FRES.L) and Randgold Resources (RRS.L) also gained.
Mediclinic (MDCM.L) rose 3.1 percent after a trading update showed 2017 revenue increased 3.5 percent.
British retailer ABF (ABF.L) was up 3.4 percent. Jefferies raised the stock to "buy" from "hold", citing continued strength in sugar and a turn in margins in its Primark unit.
Britain's Royal Mail (RMG.L) rose 3.6 percent after saying it would close its defined benefit pension scheme next year.
Danish, Icelandic and Norwegian exchanges were closed for the Maundy Thursday holiday, taking volume out of the European benchmarks.
Looking ahead, investors are focusing on upcoming European company earnings and UBP's Villamin said he was looking for results to reflect the macro-economic picture.
"We think that's going to be quite important for the next leg of performance in the market,” he added.
(Editing by David Holmes)
LOS ANGELES: Rickie Fowler survived late miscues to share the lead at the US PGA Tour Phoenix Open alongside Bryson DeChambeau on Friday (Saturday in Manila), as two-time defending champion Hideki Matsuyama withdrew injured.
Fowler, ranked seventh in the world, got off to a blazing start at TPC Scottsdale with four birdies in his first six holes. He finished with seven birdies in his five-under 66 for 10-under 132.
He pushed his lead to as many as two strokes before a bogey at 17, and DeChambeau capped his 66 with back-to-back birdies at 17 and 18 to join Fowler in the clubhouse on 10-under.
“I just feel like I'm comfortable on this golf course, I've had quite a few rounds here and there's been a lot of good ones,” said Fowler, adding that his plan for Saturday was to “just keep the gas pedal down.”
Daniel Berger and Chez Reavie both signed for 65s to lie one stroke back on 133.
Scott Stallings carded a 65 to join a trio on 134 that also included Chesson Hadley and Chris Kirk, who both carded 68.
Matsuyama's bid for a rare three-peat was over before the round began as Japan's world number five withdrew prior to hitting a shot Friday with a left writ injury.
“The pain in my left thumb area started on 13th hole yesterday,” Matsuyama said. “I did some treatment last night, but the pain was still there this morning when I practised. I decided that it was not worth forcing myself to continue to play and worsen the injury, so I was disappointed that I had to withdraw.”
Former world number one Jordan Spieth also exited before the weekend, missing the cut by a stroke after a frustrating two days amid the raucous crowds of the Phoenix Open, where the atmosphere resembles that of a football match more than a staid golf event.
Spieth struggled to get any putts to drop as he posted rounds of one-over 72 and one-under 70 to lie one shot outside the projected cut line.
Spieth hadn't missed a cut since the Byron Nelson in May, a run of 15 straight cuts made worldwide.
Solid day
Fowler, whose history of strong showings in Phoenix include a runner-up finish to Hunter Mahan in 2010 and a playoff loss to Matsuyama in 2016, couldn't maintain early his torrid pace on the back nine, following a birdie at the 10th with a bogey at 11.
He got back on track with birdies at 13 and 15, before a bogey at 17, where a “funky little chip” led to a disappointing dropped shot.
“I still made some good swings,” Fowler said of his inward run. “Funky little chip on 17 where we were in good position to make birdie — so a little unfortunate to make bogey. Other than that, I feel like (it was) a solid day.
“We're in a good spot going into the weekend,” he added.
A big group on 135 included world number two Jon Rahm of Spain and five-time major-winner Phil Mickelson, an Arizona favorite who birdied his last four holes en route to a 65 that left him just three back.
* * *
Phoenix Open scores
Leading second-round scores on Saturday in the US PGA Tour Phoenix Open in Arizona (USA unless noted, par-71):
132 – Rickie Fowler 66-66, Bryson DeChambeau 66-66
133 – Daniel Berger 68-65, Chez Reavie 68-65
134 – Chesson Hadley 66-68, Scott Stallings 69-65, Chris Kirk 66-68
135 – Vaughn Taylor 67-68, Brendan Steele 68-67, Gary Woodland 67-68, Adam Hadwin (CAN) 70-65, An Byeong-Hun (KOR) 68-67, Jon Rahm (ESP) 67-68, Xander Schauffele 68-67, Phil Mickelson 70-65, Brian Gay 67-68, Steve Stricker 68-67, Martin Laird (SCO) 68-67
136 – Ollie Schniederjans 68-68, Nick Watney 68-68, Bubba Watson 67-69, Justin Thomas 68-68, Bill Haas 64-72, Cameron Smith (AUS) 69-67, Brandt Snedeker 69-67
AFP
April 12 Guilin Fuda Co Ltd :
* Says its wholly owned Guilin-based gear unit and Xiangyang-based crankshaft unit passe the review of high-tech enterprise recognition
* Says the two units will enjoy a tax preference of 15 pct for three years respectively
Source text in Chinese: goo.gl/VN4l2Q
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
Vietnam plans large warehouses at border
The Vietnamese government has launched a trade-development scheme that aims to construct 116 warehouses to store imports and exports along the Cambodian and Lao borders with a tentative completion date of 2035, a Vietnamese government official said yesterday.
Tran Manh Tiep, second secretary of the Vietnamese Embassy in Cambodia, said the Vietnamese government plans to build the warehouses at strategic border crossings to promote regional trade.
“This will help to boost bilateral trade between Cambodia and Vietnam by having more trade activity along border,” he said. “The initiative will make it easier to store and transport goods.”
While he confirmed that some of the warehouses would soon be constructed, he declined to disclose the investment capital of the plan or a detailed timeline of its implementation.
Nevertheless, state-owned Vietnam News Agency reported that the warehouses would serve as vital points for the handling of customs procedures and inspections of food safety and quality standards. It also said that the initiative was necessary to improve logistics capabilities as the region further develops.
Cambodia and Vietnam have struggled to boost bilateral trade volumes and fell far short of their announced plan to achieve $5 billion in bilateral trade by 2015. In 2014, trade between the two countries reached $3.3 billion, only to fall to $3 billion in 2015.
Tiep said final data for 2016 has not yet been compiled.Kim Savuth, president of local rice exporter Khmer Food Company, said Vietnam's warehouse plan would benefit farmers, but could prevent Cambodia's agricultural sector from scaling up beyond raw material exports.
“Vietnam will not buy finished products from us, but only raw products like paddy rice or other crops,” he said. “In 10 to 20 years, in order to be prosperous, we need to develop our own warehousing capabilities.”
However, Hak Sovanna, president of Kampot-Takeo-Kep Chamber of Commerce, said that it would benefit the economy as border provinces will continue to be fully dependent on buyers from their massive neighbour.
He added that the construction of warehouses by Vietnam will enlarge the ability for bulk purchase orders.
“I expect that our agricultural crops will continue to be in high demand for Vietnam so that our farmers will eventually sell their crops at better prices,” he said.
FILE PHOTO: Crude oil storage tanks are seen from above at the Cushing oil hub, appearing to run out of space to contain a historic supply glut that hammered prices, in Cushing, Oklahoma, March 24, 2016. REUTERS/Nick Oxford/File Photo
LONDON The jury is still out on whether OPEC can rein in a global oil glut but top commodity traders are betting it can by selling stakes in storage tank businesses that profited from oversupply.
Since January, Glencore, Vitol and Gunvor have completed or have been seeking to sell parts of their holdings in storage firms.
Vitol's deal was agreed in October, before the Nov. 30 announcement by the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries that it would cut output from Jan. 1. Vitol's deal was completed in January, and others have lined up sales since.
"The traders picked the right time to sell," Jean-François Lambert of Lambert Commodities consultancy said, adding an oil price recovery and prospects for a more balanced market were partly behind the timing, alongside factors such as freeing up cash to trade.
"If you have an opportunity to sell assets to lighten your balance sheet without losing control then you do it," he said.
The five top traders, who also include Mercuria and Trafigura, expect OPEC to extend output cuts into the second half of 2017, which would help draw down global inventories.
When inventories are plentiful, the oil price for future delivery tends to be above the price for prompt delivery, a state known as contango, when it pays to be in the storage business, taking fees and selling stored oil forward at a profit. This has been the situation since mid-2014.
At times, the prompt price was more than $1 less than a barrel for delivery a month later. With an abundance of crude supplies, trading houses could book easy profits by buying crude and storing it after selling it forward.
"Contango is a very basic play. It's lazy," Trafigura's co-head of risk Ben Luckock said, speaking during a commodities conference. "But I think you've seen contango has come out of the market."
As stockpiles draw down, the oil price for prompt delivery tends to trade above future prices, a condition known as backwardation. At this point, oil cannot be sold forward at a quick profit and the storage business loses its luster.
Till now, there have been few clear signs that OPEC and non-OPEC cuts of 1.8 million barrels per day (bpd) were working, with global stockpiles stubbornly high, according to U.S. data and International Energy Agency (IEA) figures.
MARKET MOMENTUM
But some analysts are starting to see a shift.
"Examining less visible - but still reported - inventories shows about a 72 million barrels of total oil draws globally since end-January. We expect this to gain momentum," Morgan Stanley said in a research note last week.
Oil trader Pierre Andurand of Andurand Capital Management, speaking to CNBC last week, went further, saying he expected "sustainable backwardation" by late summer.
The oil futures market was in backwardation, almost continuously, from early 2011 to mid-2014. Then it switched into contango as Brent crude tumbled from more than $100 a barrel. By the start of 2016, it had fallen below $30.
Capitalizing on this market price structure, in mid-2015, Vitol bought its partner's 50 percent stake in infrastructure and storage firm VTTI for $830 million. Then in October 2016, it agreed to sell 50 percent to Buckeye Partners for $1.15 billion, completing that deal in January.
The oil futures market has yet to slip into backwardation since OPEC began its cuts. But it came close in February when the price for the front-month Brent was $56.66 a barrel, settled at 16 cents less than the contract for delivery seven months later.
The spread has since widened again to about 80 cents between the front-month contract and seven-month Brent. That could change if, as some OPEC officials suggest, cuts by the group and its non-OPEC partners are extended beyond June and prices climb.
If it does, Glencore's sale of a 51 percent stake in its global oil products storage business for $775 million to Chinese conglomerate HNA last week would look prescient.
Gunvor, meanwhile, is selling a share in a Rotterdam storage facility, while Trafigura is working on its IPO in privately owned Puma Energy, a venture with Angola's state-run Sonangol Holdings LDA and investment company Cochan Holdings.
But not everyone is convinced a return to backwardation will be sustained, as U.S. shale oil producers have ramped up output, filling some of the gap left by OPEC and its partners.
"While over the next couple of months backwardation may temporarily come back ... we see a strong comeback of U.S. shale supplies joining in on many long-planned supply additions in the Atlantic Basin," David Wech of JBC Energy consultancy said.
(Editing by Edmund Blair)
BRIEF-Aap Implantate announces public share buyback offer
* TO PURCHASE UP TO 2.25 MILLION SHARES OF COMPANY BY MEANS OF VOLUNTARY PUBLIC SHARE BUYBACK OFFER AGAINST CASH PAYMENT OF EUR 1.52 PER NO-PAR VALUE SHARE FOR MAX TOTAL PURCHASE PRICE OF UP TO EUR 3.5 MILLION Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
CINCINNATI -- People are sharing a disturbing video of apparent child pornography on Facebook, saying they want the perpetrator to be found.
Police say that's exactly the wrong thing to do.
Several people sent the video to Scripps station WCPO in Cincinnati, which appears to depict an underage girl performing oral sex on an adult man. Many of the messages included the phrase "I want this to go viral." There's no indication where or when it was recorded, or who's in it.
Law enforcement agencies from Alabama to France have gotten complaints as the video continues to spread, AL.com reported. According to the Buffalo (New York) Police Department, "Facebook is aware of this and is working with authorities."
Police in Memphis, Tennessee, even warned that sharing the video "is considered distribution and you could be criminally charged for doing so.
"We understand that sharing information sometimes brings a criminal to justice, but sharing amongst Facebook friends is not the way to do it," the department said.
Aside from being graphic and possibly illegal -- the female's age isn't clear, though she seems to be a child -- police worry the video could carry some kind of malicious code meant to infiltrate a viewer's computer.
"Don't open it, don't share it, don't forward it," Cincinnati Police Lt. Steve Saunders said.
Instead, notify Facebook and then delete the video from your account.
Tony Garrett, executive director of Central Alabama Crime Stoppers, told AL.com "some things point to" the video being made in Alabama. But there's no confirmation of that.
LONDON, April 10 The following FTSE 100 companies will go ex-dividend on Thursday, after which investors will no longer qualify for the latest dividend payout. According to Reuters calculations at current market prices, the effect of the resulting adjustment to prices by market-makers would take 3.68 points off the index. COMPANY (RIC) DIVIDEND STOCK OPTION IMPACT (pence) Reckitt Benckiser 95 2.35 Standard Life 13.35 1.04 Taylor Wimpey 2.29 0.29 Among FTSE 250 companies going ex-dividend are: COMPANY (RIC) DIVIDEND (pence) esure Group 10.5 JPMorgan American Investment Trust 2.75 NB Global Floating Rate Income Closed Fund 0.9 Savills 24.6 Travis Perkins 29.75 (Reporting by Kit Rees; editing by Danilo Masoni)
BEIJING, March 30 China and the European Union need to show joint leadership on climate change and cannot expect the "same leadership" from the United States under the new administration, European climate commissioner Miguel Arias Canete said in Beijing on Thursday.
Canete, speaking to reporters after meeting Chinese officials, expressed regret that the United States was rolling back its climate policies, but said China and Europe remained committed to "driving forward" the global battle against climate change.
U.S. President Donald Trump on Tuesday signed an order to undo Obama-era climate change regulations, keeping a campaign promise to support the coal industry and calling into question U.S. support for the international deal to fight global warming. (Reporting by Elias Glenn; Editing by Nick Macfie)
April 7 Australian shares are likely to gain on Friday, with higher oil prices supporting energy stocks, while investors may be cautious awaiting the outcome of a meeting between China's President Xi Jinping and U.S. President Donald Trump. Investors are anxious for news on China-U.S. trade relations and discussions on reining in North Korea's nuclear weapons program, according to market participants. The local share price index futures rose 0.3 percent, or 16 points, to 5,864.0, a 7.715-point premium to the underlying S&P/ASX 200 index close. The benchmark fell 0.3 percent in the previous session. New Zealand's benchmark S&P/NZX 50 index fell 0.2 percent, or 14.33 points, to 7,275.19 in early trade. (Reporting by Suhail Hassan Bhat in Bengaluru)
(Adds Schweikert comment)
By Roberta Rampton, Richard Cowan and Amanda Becker
WASHINGTON, March 29 Raw feelings and mistrust could pose an obstacle to President Donald Trump and hard-line conservative lawmakers in his Republican Party as they seek to rebound from defeat on healthcare legislation by launching into an overhaul of the U.S. tax code.
Trump has accused the Freedom Caucus lawmakers of snatching a "defeat from the jaws of victory" with their rejection of the White House-backed healthcare bill to replace President Barack Obama's 2010 healthcare reform bill.
In interviews with 10 of the roughly three dozen House Freedom Caucus members, the lawmakers said they were eager to put aside tensions over the healthcare debacle and seek common ground on tax reform.
But there is no consensus, even within the conservative faction, on details of a tax-reform bill, with some members open to discussing ideas such as the border tax plan supported by House leaders and others opposed to it.
Representative Warren Davidson, a Freedom Caucus member from Ohio, said Republicans should leave aside the blame game and work through their policy differences before launching tax reform legislation.
"Some people are still in that hurt-feelings and frustration" stage, Davidson said. "I do think it's smart to take the time to get it right."
Republican Representative David Schweikert of Arizona, a Freedom Caucus lawmaker who sits on the tax-writing House of Representative Ways and Means Committee, could emerge as a bridge between the conservative faction and House leaders. The panel will work closely with House leadership on the tax bill.
Schweikert said he planned to consult with rank-and-file members to discuss plans and listen to their priorities.
He said giving companies incentives to invest in plants and equipment was one of the items on his own wish list.
“My personal fixation is very simple: What maximizes economic growth?” Schweikert said.
CUTS, CUTS AND MORE CUTS
Representative Mark Meadows, chairman of the Freedom Caucus, said the group has "no formal position" on the structure of tax reform legislation.
But Meadows listed the top priorities on his own wish list: "Lower taxes, lower taxes and lower taxes."
A 35-page blueprint developed by House Republican leaders, known as a "Better Way," will serve as a starting point for the tax-reform discussions.
The plan calls for streamlining the income tax system and cutting the corporate income tax rate to 20 percent from 35 percent. It would exclude export revenue from taxable income and impose a 20 percent tax on imports.
The border tax proposal has divided the business community and is a top flashpoint for lawmakers. Big exporters such as General Electric Co say the tax would boost manufacturing and jobs. But retailers like Target Corp have said the border tax would hike consumer prices and hurt the economy.
Trump, a businessman who had never been in public office until he took over at the White House on Jan. 20, has at times praised the border tax idea but at other times has been noncommittal.
Virginia Congressman Dave Brat said he would insist that the tax bill not add to the deficit, while Meadows said he would not necessarily insist on that.
Other conservatives said they needed more information about the tax bill to form an opinion - and some space from the contentious health care debate.
“We just had a major battle on a Republican welfare plan and that has consumed to a large degree my time and mental effort," said Alabama Representative Mo Brooks.
"When we have a tax reform bill I can evaluate, that's when I'll start voting on it," Brooks said.
As a sign of tensions that have lingered after the collapse of the healthcare bill, Freedom Caucus lawmakers faced tough questioning from their colleagues during a closed-door meeting of House Republicans on Tuesday, said Representative Randy Weber of Texas.
But Weber said some of the friction eased by the end of the meeting, prompting House Speaker Paul Ryan to say that more give and take might have been useful in the healthcare effort.
"Ryan said: 'This is what we should have been doing,'" Weber told Reuters.
Republican Representative Ken Buck of Colorado, a member of the Freedom Caucus, said he thinks lawmakers learned lessons from the healthcare defeat that could apply to tax reform.
"I think people are going to work harder to get to 'yes' this next piece of legislation," Buck said.
A Reuters/Ipsos opinion poll released on Wednesday showed Republicans mostly blame Congress, and not Trump or party leaders, for failing to pass the healthcare overhaul.
(Editing by Caren Bohan and Alistair Bell)
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get What's On updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
If you fancy a free coffee, Pret a Manger is giving out thousands of drinks tokens.
The coffee chain - with cafes in Birmingham and throughout the West Midlands - is encouraging customers to pass the tokens on to someone else, in an effort to spread a little joy.
They'll be giving out a whopping 300,000 tokens.
Happy days?
According to City AM , baristas will be randomly giving out the tokens every day this week.
If you receive a voucher, you can redeem it any time until the end of April.
“We all genuinely love being able to give away freebies through our ‘random acts of kindness' initiative," said Loren, a barista at Pret Verde.
"Now it's the customer's turn.
"Something as small as a free coffee can really make someone's day.”
If you're a Pret fan in Birmingham a new eatery is opening in the city centre.
A new Pret A Manger on Newhall Street, next door to Purnell's Bistro, will open later this month - serving a selection of sandwiches, salads, soups and baguettes.
There are currently five Pret A Manger branches in the city - on Colmore Row, New Street, New Street station, Temple Row, in Selfridges at the Bullring as well as one at Birmingham Airport.
(Image: Sanjeeta Bains)
A spokeswoman for Pret A Manger told BirminghamLive: “The Newhall Street shop will have more seats on the ground floor than in any of the other shops in Birmingham.
“The shop opens at the end of the month, and we will be announcing further details shortly.”
Pret has undergone a massive expansion in the midlands since opening its first Brum store in 2010.
The fast food chain, which first opened in London in 1988, has over 450 stores across the world and the company says they pride themselves on freshly prepared food and organic coffee.
(Image: Graham Young)
In 2016 the company opened its first vegetarian only shop in London's Soho. The outlet was originally intended as a temporary pop-up, but in response to thousands of positive customer reviews and sales far exceeding expectation, it was made permanent.
Pret bestsellers include their French butter croissant and chicken caesar and bacon baguette.
Fancy four-day tests? Look no further than Seddon Park over the last, er, four days.
New Zealand's 240-run victory with four sessions to spare to wrap up the two-test series against the West Indies was a good example of what might be expected if the International Cricket Council decides in time to trim a day off tests.
Read more: Black Caps on test roll - bring on the ODI's
The match seemed to progress rapidly to the point where the team batting third were able to declare their second innings an hour before stumps on day three.
Advertisement
No two tests are the same but proponents of four-day matches will look at Seddon Park and figure that's what is possible.
Ross Taylor batting. Photo / Photosport.co.nz
The quality was variable at times but it was entertaining, and 38 wickets fell in 310.4 overs. Both captains agreed the 10th wicket stand of 61 between last pair Tim Southee and Trent Boult in New Zealand's first innings on the second morning had a major bearing on the outcome.
That carried New Zealand from a reasonable 312 for nine to an imposing – especially for a team sent in – 373.
"I thought that was a crucial part,'' West Indies captain Kraigg Brathwaite said.
''Obviously that gave them a fair bit of momentum to go into when they bowled. I know they took that momentum into the field.''
New Zealand captain Kane Williamson was delighted.
''Lower order runs are so valuable,'' he said.
'' As a fielding unit, when you see they're nine down you certainly aren't banking on them putting on 50 that's for sure.
''You're getting ready to bat. That was a big partnership for us.''
Trent Boult celebrates the wicket of Cummins. Photo / Photosport.co.nz
It also followed on from a 78-run unbroken 10th-wicket stand in the first test at the Basin Reserve between Boult and wicketkeeper Tom Blundell.
Blundell got to a maiden century on debut, 107 not out, Boult was left on 18, giving him 55 runs without being out in the series.
''Our lower order has contributed nicely in this series,'' Williamson said.
Williamson will sit out games two and three in the ODI series starting in Whangarei next week. It's not something that comes naturally to him, whether he's captain or not.
"I always find it fairly tough to miss some games, but it has a purpose, and it'll be nice to try and relax for a few days,'' he said.
March 31 Kiadis Pharma NV:
* Kiadis pharma announces annual results for the year ended december 31, 2016
* Cash position decreased to 14.6 million euros at year-end 2016 compared to 28.7 million euros at end of 2015
* FY net loss 14.8 million euros ($15.80 million) versus loss of 16.5 million euros year ago
* FY operating loss of 11.4 million euros versus loss of 16.0 million euros year ago Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: ($1 = 0.9368 euros) (Gdynia Newsroom)
Soccer-Manchester United complete Lindelof signing
LONDON, June 14 Manchester United have completed the signing of Sweden defender Victor Lindelof from Portuguese champions Benfica on a four-year contract with the option of extending it by another year, the Premier League club said on Wednesday.
April 12 Conmed Corp
* Conmed corporation announces jury verdict in delaware litigation against surgiquest
* Jury in United States court for district of Delaware returned verdict finding conmed's subsidiary, surgiquest, liable for $2.2 million in compensatory damages
* "this litigation will have no impact on availability of, or conmed's ability to distribute"
* Conmed corp - surgiquest, is also liable for an additional $10.0 million in punitive damages Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
April 28 MutualFirst Financial Inc-
* MutualFirst Financial Inc announces re-appointment of richard j. Lashley to the board of directors
* MutualFirst Financial Inc - number of authorized directors was increased from eleven to twelve as a result of lashley's re-appointment
* MutualFirst Financial -at May 4, 2017 board meeting of company, mutualfirst intends to increase authorized number of directors from 11 to 12 as well Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
“This is for the national anthem. F***ers,” said the woman as she hurled her drink at the two Lakers fans.
2 @Lakers fans didn't stand for National Anthem
So a woman went and tossed her drink on them
She posted it, then deleted it, & her account pic.twitter.com/BXN7TSrAYU — Shaun King (@ShaunKing) October 6, 2017
Since our very own president won't hesitate to attack NFL players who refuse to stand up for the national anthem, why shouldn't it be fair game to the American public as well?
It seems football fans are now getting bold enough to spew invectives and physically attack those who dare to protest against racism and police brutality. At least one woman thinks so.
During a Los Angeles Lakers game, two football fans were accosted by a young woman who threw her drink at them for apparently kneeling during the national anthem.
“This is for the national anthem,” she said the woman as the two men watched her in shock. “F***ers.”
The racist incident, which happened before a preseason game Citizens Business Bank Arena in Ontario, California, was also caught on tape by the woman's companion.
The woman, whose Twitter handle appears as Savannah Sugg, then proudly posted the video on her Twitter account.
“Take a kneed for the land of the slaves. Disrespect the flag and our country and that's how we'll react.”
She later deleted her account, probably because of the backlash she received.
Read More U Of Michigan Student Takes A Knee For Over 20 Hours To Protest Racism
Some Twitter users believe the two women, Sugg and Hailey Perea attend the California Baptist University.
I spoke to the dean of the school they attend. This was his response: “It didn't happen on our campus, so we're not worried about it.” pic.twitter.com/wtf6r1UXQ1 — dylan park (@dyllyp) October 6, 2017
Another person compared the two women's behavior as that suffered by African-Americans during the Jim Crow era.
2 @calbaptist students pour drinks and racial slurs over 2 siting during anthem
Some things haven't changed
video: https://t.co/mfzF91KeNb pic.twitter.com/SDoaClGQQi — alex medina (@mrmedina) October 7, 2017
It seems fans are now attacking each other physically and not just boycotting the sports or the athlete. Videos like these are no longer a surprise. After all, with a president like Donald Trump, who eggs on violence and does not hesitate to mock an already beleaguered nation, what else can you expect.
Read More Black Students Kicked Off Of High School Team For #TakeAKnee Stance
Banner / Thumbnail : Reuters, Jonathan Ernst
Mar 30, 2017; Miami, FL, USA; Nick Kyrgios of Australia (L) shakes hands with Alexander Zverev of Germany (R) after their match in a men's singles quarter-final during the 2017 Miami Open at Crandon Park Tennis Center. Kyrgios won 6-4, 6-7(9), 6-3. Mandatory Credit: Geoff Burke-USA TODAY Sports
Mar 30, 2017; Miami, FL, USA; Alexander Zverev of Germany slams a ball in frustration after losing a game against Nick Kyrgios of Australia (not pictured) in a men's singles quarter-final during the 2017 Miami Open at Crandon Park Tennis Center. Kyrgios won 6-4, 6-7(9), 6-3. Mandatory Credit: Geoff Burke-USA TODAY Sports
Mar 30, 2017; Miami, FL, USA; Alexander Zverev of Germany argues with the chair umpire during a changeover against Nick Kyrgios of Australia (not pictured) in a men's singles quarter-final during the 2017 Miami Open at Crandon Park Tennis Center. Kyrgios won 6-4, 6-7(9), 6-3. Mandatory Credit: Geoff Burke-USA TODAY Sports
Mar 28, 2017; Miami, FL, USA; Nick Kyrgios of Australia argues with the chair umpire in a match against David Goffin of Belgium (not pictured) on day eight of the 2017 Miami Open at Crandon Park Tennis Center. Kyrgios won 7-6(5), 6-3. Mandatory Credit: Geoff Burke-USA TODAY Sports
Mar 30, 2017; Miami, FL, USA; Alexander Zverev of Germany reacts after missing a shot against Nick Kyrgios of Australia (not pictured) in a men's singles quarter-final during the 2017 Miami Open at Crandon Park Tennis Center. Kyrgios won 6-4, 6-7(9), 6-3. Mandatory Credit: Geoff Burke-USA TODAY Sports
Mar 30, 2017; Miami, FL, USA; Nick Kyrgios of Australia serves against Alexander Zverev of Germany (not pictured) in a men's singles quarter-final during the 2017 Miami Open at Crandon Park Tennis Center. Kyrgios won 6-4, 6-7(9), 6-3. Mandatory Credit: Geoff Burke-USA TODAY Sports
Mar 30, 2017; Miami, FL, USA; Alexander Zverev of Germany reacts towards his player's box after wining the second set against Nick Kyrgios of Australia (not pictured) in a men's singles quarter-final during the 2017 Miami Open at Crandon Park Tennis Center. Kyrgios won 6-4, 6-7(9), 6-3. Mandatory Credit: Geoff Burke-USA TODAY Sports
Mar 30, 2017; Miami, FL, USA; Nick Kyrgios of Australia argues a call against Alexander Zverev of Germany (not pictured) in a men's singles quarter-final during the 2017 Miami Open at Crandon Park Tennis Center. Kyrgios won 6-4, 6-7(9), 6-3. Mandatory Credit: Geoff Burke-USA TODAY Sports
Mar 30, 2017; Miami, FL, USA; Alexander Zverev of Germany hits a backhand against Nick Kyrgios of Australia (not pictured) in a men's singles quarter-final during the 2017 Miami Open at Crandon Park Tennis Center. Kyrgios won 6-4, 6-7(9), 6-3. Mandatory Credit: Geoff Burke-USA TODAY Sports
Mar 30, 2017; Miami, FL, USA; Nick Kyrgios of Australia reacts after winning a point against Alexander Zverev of Germany (not pictured) in a men's singles quarter-final during the 2017 Miami Open at Crandon Park Tennis Center. Kyrgios won 6-4, 6-7(9), 6-3. Mandatory Credit: Geoff Burke-USA TODAY Sports
Tempers flared between Nick Kyrgios and Alexander Zverev late in their Miami Open quarter-final on Thursday when a botched line call and contentious decision by the chair umpire to allow a challenge on the point caused both players to react angrily.
The pivotal moment of the Australian's 6-4 6-7(9) 6-3 triumph came on the first point of the sixth game in the deciding set, when a lob from Germany's Zverev sailed long.
The linesman mistakenly called the ball in and Kyrgios, despite believing it was out, decided to try a low percentage 'tweener' shot between his legs before challenging.
Chair umpire Fergus Murphy allowed the challenge, a decision that former player Brad Gilbert called "wrong" during television coverage, and replays showed the ball was indeed out.
The point was awarded to Kyrgios, which left Zverev seething, the German arguing that the 12th seed should not have been allowed to challenge the call after hitting the ball.
Flustered, he lost the game, which turned out to be the only service break of the set, and Zverev gave Murphy a piece of his mind at the next change over.
"You might cost me the match," he said. "You know that. The decision is absolute crap."
Kyrgios, meanwhile, was not happy either, giving the linesman a verbal spray for missing the call in the first place, but settled down to hold serve and finally clinch victory on his sixth match point, earning a semi-final against Roger Federer.
(Reporting by Andrew Both in Cary, North Carolina; Editing by John O'Brien)
Indigo Partners to sell its 18.7 percent Wizz Air stake
DUBLIN, June 14 Indigo Partners, the private equity firm managed by Bill Franke, the veteran U.S. low-cost airline investor, is selling its 18.7 percent stake in eastern European low-cost carrier Wizz Air, it said on Wednesday.
best food app
End
-- You are in Kuwait, and you are a foodie. If this is the right combination that defines you right now then, Wajabaty is probably the best thing that can happen to you. Wajabaty happens to be the one-stop web portal for food lovers in Kuwait for a considerable amount of time, and it already has made its mark in this online Kuwait food portal niche.So, what's that special factor that Wajabaty holds for its users? Technically, it integrates food with the people of Kuwait. Wajabaty says that they make food menus talk to you as your sole food companion in Kuwait. How?Let's talk about a good restaurant in Kuwait and what is can offer to foodies in a straight way. Firstly, they make spicy Kuwait food dishes, and that's awesome. But, how it can tell you that they prepare mouthwatering dishes and being a foodie you don't want to miss that spicy taste. But, how would you know about them? They don't have any live data stream for their users, to make them order their favourite dishes on the go.Further, limited information, static pages don't have that edge to solve this problem. But, restaurants need foodies and vice versa. So, how to bridge this communication gap?Thankfully, online food portals like Wajabaty are here to solve the riddle. Simply, go to Wajabaty, pick any menu and click on it to open the Pandora's box.• Live social analysis of the dish• The list of the people that liked the dish• What's they felt special about the dish• How many 'favourite' tag that dish achieved• How many users reviews it got• Rating from your friends and other known foodiesJust awesome, Right? You are just an 'order' away to satisfy your taste buds with Wajabaty, and that's the special, heartwarming factor it has. Moreover, the 'wow' effect doesn't end here. Wajabaty has a bunch of services to offer to the Kuwaiti food lovers.• Will you feel blessed gliding down a food wall populated by famous cuisines? I bet, you will. You will get to know what's your city is talking about different Kuwait restaurant food dishes. Added to this, your friends on Facebook who uses Wajabaty can suggest their favourite dishes to you.• Browsing the food menu? What about getting automatic updates on the trending dishes from the best of restaurants?It will spice up your hunger for sure.• Looking for the new food joints surfacing on the 'not that known' corners of your city? Wajabaty has you covered. Usually, the Wajabaty team proudly call themselves the 'food reporter' for you.• I know you love to get enriched knowledge on your favorite food preparations. Yes. I'm talking about the food events happening around you, in your city. You don't want to miss them right? Admittedly, Wajabaty is one of the best online tools through which you will get the latest updates on happening or upcoming foods events around you.• What are the major quality issues that define the overall quality of a restaurant? Precisely, they are the ambience of the place, the service of the restaurant, and lastly, the quality of the food they serve. It's quite possible that a restaurant offers you the best ambience, and service, but their food may not belong to the same quality level. Then? How will you ever overcome the issue? Thankfully, Wajabaty offer dish based search equipped with the food tags and your problem is over.• What is a proper definition of the 'restaurant information'?Wajabaty's online food portal delivers the latest information on popular restaurants. Their address, phone number, how often they run the 'happy hour' for you and whether they do home delivery or not.• Offers! Offers! Offers! We all do look for the latest offers running at our favourite food courts. Wajabaty does look for the offers and chisels out the best offers to its users. So, stay tuned. Your number is in their pipeline.• Statistically, Wajabaty's 'food directory' has been circulated 8000 copies and counting. Further, their online portal carries a colossal 250 pages of articles that say 'food'.I bet, now you are beaming with ideas as you have the Pandora's Box with you and that's Wajabaty. The best part of the story is that Wajabaty has its own mobile app to sneak into your smart handhelds and this mobile application works the same way their web portal does. So, reserve tables at your favourite restaurants, pre-order your takeaways while you are planning to spice up your coming weekends or else, Wajabaty always welcomes you to start your 'food journey' with them.For More Info, Vsit: http://wajabaty.com Apple Store (iOS): https://goo.gl/ oanhBf
March 31 The dollar's share of currency reserves reported to the International Monetary Fund rose in the fourth quarter, snapping three straight quarterly declines, as the absolute level of reserves held in greenbacks hit a record, data released Friday showed.
Reserves held in U.S. dollars rose to a record $5.05 trillion, or nearly 64 percent, from $4.94 trillion, or 63.3 percent, in the third quarter, the data showed.
Meanwhile, China's share of allocated currency reserves, reported by the IMF for the first time, totaled just over 1 percent, or $84.51 billion. (Reporting By Dan Burns; Editing by Chizu Nomiyama)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
By LARRY GAGE
Special to the PRESS
The Port Isabel Tarpon and Lady Tarpon basketball teams made the trip to Progreso Tuesday night and split their games. The Tarpons won, 56-36, and the Lady Tarpons lost, 40-34.
The Tarpons remain on a roll in district play with their sixth consecutive win. They also got the sweep of the Red Ants after P.I. won the first game between these two long-time district rivals, 65-52, at home back on Jan. 5.
The Lady Tarpons needed to win their last four games to clinch a playoff spot. They took the first one at home last Friday when they outpointed the Grulla Lady Gators, 50-46. With the loss at Progreso, then, Port Isabel is eliminated from any playoff consideration. P.I. comes into this Friday's home game with Hidalgo with a 6-6 record in District 32-4A play.
Want the whole story? Pick up a copy of the Port Isabel-South Padre Press, or subscribe to our E-Edition by clicking here.
FRANKFURT, March 30 Blood plasma products maker Biotest is in talks to be taken over by Chinese investor Creat Group Corp, which last year bought the German company's British peer Bio Products Laboratory.
Creat has proposed a purchase price of 28.50 euros per ordinary share and 19.00 euros per preference share , Biotest said in a statement late on Wednesday.
The ordinary and preference shares on Wednesday closed at 19.99 euros and 19.02 euros, respectively.
Biotest, whose products are used to treat blood coagulation disorders, auto-immune diseases and immune deficiencies, said the potential deal was still subject to final negotiations and an agreement with Biotest AG's majority shareholder, OGEL GmbH, among other measures.
Creat agreed in May last year to acquire British biotech firm Bio Products Laboratories (BPL) from Bain Capital for 820 million pounds ($1.02 billion). ($1 = 0.8044 pounds) (Reporting by Ludwig Burger)
May 3 Square Inc:
* Square Inc says total net revenue was $462 million in the first quarter of 2017, up 22% compared to the first quarter of 2016
* Square Inc - in the first quarter of 2017, we processed $13.6 billion of GPV, which represents an increase of 33% from the first quarter of 2016
* Square Inc - sees Q2 total net revenue $532 million to $538 million
* Square Inc - net loss per share, basic and diluted, was $0.04 for the first quarter of 2017
* Sees adjusted EPS of $0.03 to $0.05 in Q2
* Square Inc- current 2017 guidance total net revenue $2.12b to $2.16 b
* Q1 earnings per share view $-0.08, revenue view $450.7 million -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* Square inc- current 2017 guidance adjusted revenue $890mln to $910mln
* Sees net loss per share of $0.09 to $0.07 in q2
* Sees 2017 net loss per share of $0.24 to $0.20
* Square Inc- current 2017 guidance net loss per share $0.24 to $0.20
* Sees 2017 adjusted EPS of $0.16 to $0.20
* Fy2017 earnings per share view $-0.25, revenue view $2.13 billion -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* Square Inc- current 2017 guidance adjusted EPS diluted $0.16 to $0.20 Source text: Further company coverage:
April 6 Shenzhen Centralcon Investment Holding Co Ltd
* Says it scraps plan for unit to buy 23.2 percent stake in China South City Holdings Ltd due to changes in domestic equities market conditions, policies
* Says trading in shares to resume on April 7
Source text in Chinese: bit.ly/2nNIjnW
Further company coverage: (Reporting by Hong Kong newsroom)
April 6 Britain's FTSE 100 index is seen opening down 67 points at 7,264 on Thursday, according to financial bookmakers. * SHELL: Royal Dutch Shell sold its stake in a New Zealand gas field while taking over the field's operating company as part of a plan to possibly divest its holdings in the country later on, the company said Thursday. * TESCO: UK retailer Tesco Plc is cutting night shifts for shelf stackers in some of its supermarkets in a fresh shakeup that puts 3,000 jobs at risk, The Guardian reported on Wednesday. bit.ly/2oDltUd * ARAMCO-LSE IPO: British Prime Minister Theresa May and the chief of the London Stock Exchange (LSE) pitched investments in Britain to the head of Saudi Arabia's sovereign wealth fund on Wednesday during a two-day visit to Riyadh. * OIL: Oil prices fell on Thursday as record U.S. crude inventories underscored that crude markets remain bloated, despite efforts led by OPEC to cut output and prop up prices. * EX-DIVS: Aviva, GKN, Hikma, Lloyds, Next , Paddy Power Betfair, Pearson, Rentokil Initial , St James's Place, Smiths Group and Wolseley will trade without entitlement to their latest dividend pay-out on Thursday, trimming 11.75 points off the FTSE 100 according to Reuters calculations * The UK blue chip FTSE 100 index ended up 0.1 percent at 7,331.68 points on Wednesday, extending gains from the previous session as heavyweight mining and oil stocks rallied, while support services firm DCC also gained after agreeing to buy a business in Hong Kong and Macau. * For more on the factors affecting European stocks, please click on: cpurl://apps.cp./cms/?pageId=livemarkets * UK CORPORATE DIARY: Electrocomponents Q4 2016 Gulf Keystone Full year 2016 TODAY'S UK PAPERS > Financial Times > Other business headlines Multimedia versions of Reuters Top News are now available for: * 3000 Xtra : visit topnews.session.rservices.com * For Top News : topnews.reuters.com (Reporting by Siju Varghese; Editing by Sherry Jacob-Phillips)
WASHINGTON The clock began running out this week on a strategy that has provided U.S. Republicans in Congress with their only notable legislative successes this year: aggressive use of an obscure U.S. law known as the Congressional Review Act (CRA).
On his 75th day in power, President Donald Trump has yet to offer any major legislation or win passage of a bill he favors, but House of Representatives Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy has notched numerous small-scale victories with his strategy.
Vice President Mike Pence told business leaders at the White House on Tuesday that Trump would sign more CRA resolutions soon and roll back an "avalanche of red tape" from the administration of President Barack Obama, a Democrat.
Since Trump took office on Jan. 20, McCarthy has led Congress in churning out 13 resolutions under the CRA killing Obama-era regulations, most concern to business interests.
Trump has signed 11 of these into law, not only rolling back the rules they targeted but also barring agencies from writing "substantially similar" regulations in the future.
White House spokesman Sean Spicer said on Tuesday the number of resolutions signed over two months showed Trump is "vastly different" from past presidents in rolling back regulations.
On Monday Trump signed a CRA resolution repealing broadband privacy protections. He has also signed resolutions killing rules meant to expand background checks for mentally ill gun purchasers, change public school assessments, and reduce coal waste runoff into streams.
Last Friday was the deadline for introducing any new CRA resolutions on regulations enacted by Obama's administration. Now Republicans must complete voting on resolutions already in the legislative pipeline by mid-May.
Democrats assail the reversals as harming the environment, education and checks on Wall Street, with many saying the regulations were killed in order to please big-money lobbyists.
Representative Louise Slaughter, the senior Democrat on the Rules Committee that sends resolutions to the House floor for votes, said in an interview "of course it benefits the lobbyists."
But she said fumbles around healthcare and tax reform also pushed CRA resolutions to the fore.
"Partly I think it's because they don't have anything else to do," she said about Republicans' eagerness. "Other than that I think it's just another 'take that Obama.'"
UNINTENDED CONSEQUENCES
McCarthy, a Californian and the No. 2 House Republican, saw the CRA's potential before the election. Written in 1996 and successfully used only once before 2017, the law was originally meant to restore the balance of power between Congress and the federal bureaucracy. But lobbyists and lawmakers recognized it could be used as a policy weapon, if the stars aligned.
Under the law, resolutions only need simple majorities in each chamber to go on for the president's signature. So one party must control both the legislative and executive branches for it to work. The law sets a short time span for introducing disapproval resolutions: 60 legislative days after a regulation is finalized, meaning it can only be used right after a president of an opposing party leaves office.
The stars aligned on Nov. 8, when Republicans captured the White House, Senate and House. For weeks Republican lawmakers bombarded McCarthy with lists of regulations to repeal and lobbying groups laid plans. The first disapproval resolutions were introduced on Jan. 30.
Right after the election, McCarthy told his party to "go through each regulation on our priority list," he said.
"If you look at Article One of the Constitution, this isn't the role of these agencies. The agencies have become too big," McCarthy said in an interview with Reuters.
The first resolutions sailed through, primarily because Republicans had opposed the regulations long before they were finalized. McCarthy said so many lawmakers objected to the stream pollution rule that wiping it off the books was easy.
Even though the CRA effort is winding down, McCarthy's brief campaign showed that aggressive use of the law could succeed, and provided Republicans with some modest, but needed successes in a time when they are struggling with larger matters.
"After years of talk about cutting red tape, it is now actually happening," House Speaker Paul Ryan said on Tuesday. "We are reversing the Obama administration's most recent and last regulatory onslaught."
(Additional reporting by David Shepardson and Doina Chiacu; Editing by Kevin Drawbaugh and Grant McCool)
(Adds late Monday statement from U.S. Commerce Secretary)
MEXICO CITY/WASHINGTON May 2 The Mexican and U.S. governments have agreed to extend the deadline for negotiations over a sugar trade agreement to June 5, with U.S. Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross saying late Monday the talks were "at an impasse."
In a statement, Ross said the Commerce Department notified Mexico's government that the United States intended to resume collection of anti-dumping and anti-subsidy duties on sugar imports starting June 5 unless an agreement is reached.
"While I regret that such measures were needed, it is my hope that Mexico and the United States can reach a fair agreement before June," Ross said.
The orders were suspended, pending negotiations as a May 1 deadline passed.
Mexico's economy ministry, the country's top trade authority, weighed in late Monday with a statement that put the blame for the impasse squarely on the U.S. side.
"Excessive demands from U.S. producers and refiners have impeded the ability to reach a solution," the ministry said, adding that U.S. negotiators continued to press for limits on Mexican raw sugar exports for U.S. refiners as well as ending "all competition" from Mexican refined sugar in the U.S. market.
The ministry said however it remained open to reaching a negotiated agreement.
The U.S. sugar industry pressed the Commerce Department late last year to withdraw from a 2014 trade agreement that sets prices and quota for U.S. imports of Mexican sugar unless the deal could be renegotiated.
A letter on Monday was sent by Ronald Lorentzen, acting assistant secretary for enforcement and compliance with the Commerce Department, to Juan Cortina Gallardo, president of Mexico's sugar chamber.
"... Despite everyone's best efforts and numerous meetings, there remain outstanding issues between the parties," Lorentzen wrote, adding that the agreement will be terminated if a new one cannot be reached by June 5.
A termination would result in large anti-dumping tariffs being slapped on sugar imports from Mexico.
The latest twist in the sugar trade dispute between Mexico and the United States comes as ties between the two nations have frayed under U.S. President Donald Trump, who took office in January. Trump wants to revise the North American Free Trade Agreement with Mexico and Canada to better serve U.S. workers and companies.
Mexico is the top foreign supplier of sugar to the United States, a coveted market of 12 million tons where the U.S. government gives export quotas to about 40 sugar-producing countries each year through trade programs.
Mexico is due to ship about one-third of U.S. imported supplies this year. (Reporting by Adriana Barrera and David Alire Garcia in Mexico City; Additional reporting by David Lawder in Washington and Chris Prentice in New York; Editing by Leslie Adler and Jeffrey Benkoe)
May 2 Hc International Inc:
* Guo Jiang, CEO & an executive director of Co has acquired 200,000 shares of Co from market at a consideration of HK$1.4 million
* Following completion of acquisition Guo Jiang holds approximately 12.64pct of total issued share capital of company Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Best Fish Sandwiches In MinnesotaA breaded, deep fried rectangular patty made from white meat fish such as cod or pollock, the fish sandwich, or fishwich, came into its own as a burger when introduced at McDonald's in 1962. Since then, the fish sandwich has become a lunch and dinner favorite. If you favor the local catch, try a walleye fish sandwich.
The logo of the pharmaceutical company Stada Arzneimittel AG is pictured at its headquarters in Bad Vilbel near Frankfurt March 14, 2012. REUTERS/Alex Domanski
FRANKFURT The battle for German drugmaker Stada (STAGn.DE) is edging towards a close, with final offers from two private equity consortia expected on Friday evening, three people close to the matter said.
A tie-up of buyout firms Advent and Permira is bidding against Bain and Cinven. Both have so far made takeover offers at 58 euros per share, valuing the company at 4.7 billion euros including debt.
Neither is expected to hike its offer dramatically, though a slight increase is likely, one of the sources said.
"(Stada's chairman Karl-Ferdinand) Oetker needs a face-saving top-up, but the business case does not allow for much," another person close to one of the bidders said.
Another source said that Stada's executive and supervisory boards were unlikely to recommend that shareholders accept any offer that was not improved further, after the company last month lifted its targets and told suitors their bids were too low.
Stada, which is expected to make a decision on the bids by the middle of next week, declined to comment on the timing of the deal, saying only that the sales process was progressing according to plan.
The private equity groups declined to comment.
(Reporting by Arno Schuetze, Alexander Hübner and Ludwig Burger; Editing by Maria Sheahan)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Architect claims NY's One World Trade Center stole his design
NEW YORK, June 14 A Korean-born architect on Wednesday sued a major architecture firm over the design of Manhattan's One World Trade Center, claiming that the building bears a "striking similarity" to a tower he designed in 1999 while in graduate school.
By Abby Hassler
Mother Monster (a.k.a. Lady Gaga) gave a thrilling headline Coachella performance Saturday night (April 15). Before she leaves the grounds, the iconic singer will shoot scenes from her A Star is Born reboot with her co-star Bradley Cooper.
Related: Stream Lady Gaga's New Song ‘The Cure'
The official solicitation for extras reveals the scenes will portray “a Country Western music concert.” The advertisement adds, “All you Monsters that can attend should get decked out in your most comfortable denim & boots, throw on a Stetson (leave those pink Joanne hats at home) and come out to show your support!”
Cooper is making his directorial debut for this film remake and will join Gaga onstage April 18 and 19 to film. Tickets are only $10 and all cell phones will be locked away so no extras can record photos or sound during the shoot.
Warner Bros Pictures even posted on social media about the scenes, writing, “Be there when @ladygaga films for A #StarIsBorn on the #Coachella grounds nxt wk! Sign up now.”
Check out the post below.
Gov. Jerry Brown and the Legislature backed off plans to make the open records law optional for cities after outspoken criticism for the past week.
The Assembly and Senate approved an amended bill Thursday that will keep the mandate for all local agencies to follow the California Public Records Act, and Brown is expected to sign it Monday.
Assembly Speaker John Perez, D-Los Angeles, said the Public Records Act will remain intact without any changes, as it was originally proposed in the Assembly version of the budget.
The budget passed June 14 included an amendment to make portions of the open-records law optional for local government agencies. If it was signed by Brown, agencies wouldn't have to respond to a public request for information within 10 days, or provide any reason for taking longer than 10 days. The agencies could deny the request altogether and choose an alternate format to release information that is available electronically.
The Legislature plans to put a constitutional amendment on the June 2014 ballot to mandate compliance but have local agencies bear the costs, as they do now, the Sacramento Bee reported. Brown and the Legislature wanted to make compliance optional so the state wouldn't have to reimburse cities and other local agencies for the cost of processing records requests.
“We all agree that Californians have a right to know and should continue to have prompt access to public records, and I support enshrining these protections in California's constitution,” Brown said in a statement.
— Noozhawk staff writer Giana Magnoli can be reached at .(JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address) . Follow Noozhawk on Twitter: @noozhawk, @NoozhawkNews and @NoozhawkBiz. Connect with Noozhawk on Facebook.
MILAN, April 6 Investors interested in a 700 million euro ($746 million) portfolio of bad loans backed by real estate assets being put up for sale by Italy's Banco BPM must submit non-binding bids by April 10, three sources close to the matter said.
Italy's third-largest bank is shedding problem assets to comply with demands set by European Central Bank supervisors to authorise a merger between Banco Popolare and BPM last year.
The portfolio, dubbed 'Project Rainbow' and including some loans backed by prestigious hotels, has drawn interest from two dozen potential bidders, the sources said. Binding bids are expected around June 10 from a shortlist of five or six buyers.
KPMG and Banca Akros are advising Banco BPM. ($1 = 0.9383 euros) (Reporting by Massimo Gaia, writing by Valentina Za,)
Mattel plays with digital toys to triple China business
June 14 Mattel Inc expects to grow three to four times in the more than $31 billion toys and games market in China by 2020 through digitally connected toys, as it intensifies its efforts to take on LEGO Group and Hasbro Inc in the country.
(Adds background)
WASHINGTON, March 29 U.S. House of Representatives Speaker Paul Ryan, the top Republican in Congress, said he does not want President Donald Trump to work with Democrats on new legislation for revamping the country's health insurance system, commonly called Obamacare.
In an interview with "CBS This Morning" that will air on Thursday, Ryan said he fears the Republican Party, which failed last week to come together and agree on a healthcare overhaul, is pushing the president to the other side of the aisle so he can make good on campaign promises to redo Obamacare.
"I don't want that to happen," Ryan said, referring to Trump's offer to work with Democrats.
Carrying out those reforms with Democrats is "hardly a conservative thing," Ryan said, according to interview excerpts released on Wednesday. "I don't want government running health care. The government shouldn't tell you what you must do with your life, with your healthcare," he said.
On Tuesday, Trump told senators attending a White House reception that he expected lawmakers to reach a deal "very quickly" on healthcare, but he did not offer specifics.
"I think it's going to happen because we've all been promising - Democrat, Republican - we've all been promising that to the American people," he said.
Trump said after the failure of the Republican plan last week that Democrats, none of whom supported the bill, would be willing to negotiate new healthcare legislation because Obamacare is destined to "explode." (Reporting by Lisa Lambert and Eric Beech; Editing by Leslie Adler)
(Adds details from the company's statement, background)
MADRID, March 31 Spanish engineering company Isolux said on Friday it had activated the formal process aimed at avoiding insolvency, as it battles to secure enough money to remain in business.
Under Spanish law, companies can enter into debt restructuring proceedings that give them up to four months to reach an agreement with creditors to avoid a full-blown insolvency process and a potential bankruptcy.
Isolux has over 2 billion euros ($2.1 billion) in restructured debt, according to an update on its restructuring process published in December.
Spanish engineering companies have been struggling to meet debt obligations and shrink their businesses after more than a decade of debt-fueled expansion projects worldwide.
Renewable energy firm Abengoa narrowly avoided filing for Spain's biggest ever bankruptcy last year after it secured backing from creditors for a restructuring plan to cut its debt of over 9 billion euros.
Isolux said on Friday the decision taken by the board would not affect its capacity to carry out operations, in particular any projects started in recent months.
Last December, Isolux agreed to a debt restructuring deal with bondholders and banks, such as Banco Santander, Caixabank and Bankia, taking 95 percent of the company in a debt for equity swap.
Isolux said on Friday it was trying to sell its concession assets and had begun to look for an investor for the holding company that groups the engineering and construction business.
The company, which has over 5,200 workers, carries out infrastructure and energy projects in 35 countries. It has delayed the publication of its results until negotiations are concluded.
($1 = 0.9360 euros) (Reporting By Andrés González; Writing by Jesús Aguado; Editing by Angus Berwick and Mark Potter)
April 28 Trakopolis Iot Corp
* Trakopolis announces 2016 fourth quarter and year end financial results
* Net loss of $3.824 million was recorded for quarter
* Qtrly revenue of $1.214 million, which represents a 8% increase over same quarter in 2016
* Trakopolis IOT Corp - financial year end of company was changed from June 30 to December 31 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
March 30 A Flint, Michigan pastor has been charged by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission with running a $6.7 million fraud in which he misled churchgoers, retirees and laid-off autoworkers hoping for real estate riches by appealing to their faith.
The SEC on Thursday said Larry Holley, 59, the pastor at Abundant Life Ministries, told victims that because he "prayed for your children" he was more trustworthy than a banker, and told congregants that investors in his real estate business were "millionaires in the making."
Eighty-three people from 14 U.S. states, including some who turned over their life savings, have invested with Holley since February 2015, but his struggling company Treasure Enterprise LLC owes about $1.9 million to half of them, the SEC said.
A federal judge in Detroit this week froze assets belonging to Holley, Treasure Enterprise, and Patricia Enright Gray, 55, a financial consultant for the company.
All three are defendants, and according to the SEC had made financial presentations promoted as "Blessed Life Conferences" at churches nationwide.
"Holley and Gray targeted the retirement savings of churchgoers, building a bond of trust purportedly based on faith but actually based on false promises," David Glockner, director of the SEC office in Chicago, said in a statement.
Treasure Enterprise and Abundant Life, which share a phone number, had no immediate comment. It is unclear whether the defendants have hired lawyers.
The SEC called the case an example of "affinity fraud," in which alleged fraudsters target victims with whom they share a characteristic, such as religion, ethnicity or employment.
Last August, the Michigan Department of Licensing and Regulatory Affairs barred the defendants from selling unregistered securities and making misleading statements.
But the SEC said the defendants have since "lied" to investors about those proceedings, to create a pretext for their inability to meet redemption requests.
The lawsuit seeks to recoup ill-gotten gains and impose civil fines.
The case is SEC v Treasure Enterprise LLC et al, U.S. District Court, Eastern District of Michigan, No. 17-10963. (Reporting by Jonathan Stempel in New York; Editing by Richard Chang)
FILE PHOTO: Rugby Union - New Zealand Press Conference - Oatlands Park Hotel, Weybridge, Surrey - 19/10/15Sam Cane of New Zealand during a press conferenceAction Images via Reuters / Henry BrowneLivepic
WELLINGTON The Waikato Chiefs will be without co-captain Sam Cane for at least part of their three-week tour after the All Blacks flanker suffered concussion during the Super Rugby win over the Bulls in Hamilton on Saturday.
Cane came off in the fourth minute after a head-knock during the 28-12 win at Waikato Stadium and will miss the match against the Stormers in Cape Town.
He will fly over to South Africa later this week for the second match of the tour against the Cheetahs in Bloemfontein, pending a fitness test, the team said on Sunday.
Prop Nepo Laulala has been scratched from the tour entirely after also suffering concussion during the Bulls match.
Uncapped Aidan Ross has been brought in as a replacement in the 27-man tour squad.
Inside centre Johnny Fa'auli has been included in the squad but bracketed with Alex Nankivell, having been cited for a dangerous tackle on Bulls centre Jan Serfontein.
(Reporting by Ian Ransom in Melbourne; Editing by Sudipto Ganguly)
March 29 Subros Ltd:
* Says approved issue of secured/unsecured, redeemable, non-convertible debentures for an amount upto 1.50 billion rupees
* Took note of proposed re-opening of company's Manesar plant on 29th March, 2017 after fire incident which took place on 29th May, 2016 Source text: bit.ly/2niZzRO Further company coverage:
WASHINGTON The United States "strongly condemns" attacks on members of Macedonia's parliament, State Department spokesman Mark Toner said in a statement on Friday.
Protesters stormed into Macedonia's parliament and assaulted the leader of the Social Democrats on Thursday after his party and ethnic Albanian allies voted to elect an Albanian as parliament speaker, witnesses said.
"The United States strongly condemns the violent attacks on members of the Macedonian parliament which followed the election of Talat Xhaferi as Speaker of Parliament," Toner said. "The United States calls on Macedonian authorities to ensure the security of all members of parliament, to investigate the attack thoroughly, and to hold accountable those who committed acts of violence."
(Reporting by Yeganeh Torbati; Editing by James Dalgleish)
* Tottenham rout Bournemouth 4-0 to seal seventh consecutive win
* Dembele opened the scoring with close-range shot
* Son made it 2-0 three minutes later
* Kane scored his 20th league goal of season to make it 3-0
* Substitute Janssen made it 4-0 in stoppage time
* Tottenham at Crystal Palace next, Bournemouth host Middlesbrough
TOTTENHAM HOTSPUR 4 BOURNEMOUTH 0
April 15 Tottenham Hotspur claimed a 12th consecutive Premier League home win with a 4-0 rout of Bournemouth on Saturday to keep the pressure on leaders Chelsea.
Two goals in three minutes from Mousa Dembele and Son Heung-min put the hosts in complete control inside 20 minutes and Harry Kane grabbed his 20th league goal of the season shortly after halftime as Spurs cut Chelsea's lead to four points.
Chelsea travels to Manchester United on Sunday.
Dembele struck after 16 minutes, slamming in a shot from six metres after Christian Eriksen's corner reached him at the far post through a crowd of players.
Son fired through the legs of keeper Artur Boruc after racing into the area from Kane's flick.
Kane, starting for the first time since injuring his ankle last month, wrapped up Tottenham's seventh successive league win after 48 minutes, turning Simon Francis all too easily and firing low past Boruc.
It is the third season in a row England forward Kane has reached the 20-goal mark - a feat previously only achieved by Alan Shearer, Ruud van Nistlerooy and Thierry Henry.
Substitute Vincent Janssen rounded off the action with a fourth goal in stoppage time, the Dutchman's first Premier League strike from open play since joining last year.
Bournemouth is seven points above the relegation zone before the later kickoffs and probably need one more victory to guarantee a third season of top-flight football. (Reporting by Martyn Herman, editing by Ed Osmond)
Soccer-De Biasi quits as Albania coach, says his cycle over
TIRANA, June 14 Albania coach Gianni De Biasi resigned on Wednesday after six years in charge during which he led them to Euro 2016, their first and only appearance at a major tournament.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
CAPE TOWN, April 12 Africa's biggest grocery retailer Shoprite is considering a push into South America and Eastern Europe, where it will leverage off its former suitor Steinhoff International which already has operations in the region, its new CEO told Reuters.
The move signals a change in strategy for Shoprite under Chief Executive Pieter Engelbrecht, 47, as sovereign rating downgrades and a weak economy cloud prospects at home. It also leads it down a fiercely competitive path crowded with established retail giants such as Tesco, Carrefour , Lidl and Aldi.
Engelbrecht, who took over from 37-year veteran Whitey Basson in January, said the company wants to enter markets in Eastern Europe that either "have low competition or high economic growth."
"We will look at other developing countries. That is also something that came out with our Steinhoff discussions and they've got good presence there, so we would like to leverage off that knowledge and definitely have a look at the East Bloc countries," he said in an interview at the company's head office in Brackenfell about 20 kilometres from Cape Town.
Steinhoff in February called of a plan to merge its African clothing and furniture assets with Shoprite's stores, a deal bankers had said could create a giant valued at more than 180 billion rand ($13 billion). ($1 = 13.6146 rand) (Editing by Louise Heavens)
Latest App Solves Multi-Domain Administration Issues in Office 365
Delegated Admin
Contact
Ismail Nalwala
CEO
***@work365apps.com Ismail NalwalaCEO
End
-- WORK 365 announced today the release of the powerful new Delegated Admin Office 365 App, which gives administrators flexible control over cross-domain user permissions.The Delegated Admin app addresses a long-standing issue Office 365 administrators at larger organizations face when supporting staff who require cross-domain access or groups of users from different domains who require granular privileges.Specifically, global administrators who support staff working across multiple domains face the choice of either:1. Authorizing every change on every domain level, a time-consuming chore which might require hiring more administrators, or2. Granting administration privileges to a number of users who might not need them, which carries a risk of errorDelegated Admin solves wcj this problem by allowing organizations to delegate administrative control across specific domains or groups, eliminating the need for company-wide administrative privileges. The app improves the experience of Office 365 administration, allowing for a smooth and cohesive monitoring and management of all domains and accounts.WORK 365's CEO Ismail Nalwala said, "With our newly created online store available to make trying out and purchasing our apps easy for our customers, we wanted to really showcase how our products not only increase productivity, but are a result of really listening to our consumers and creating apps based on their needs, like Delegated Admin ( https://www.work365apps.com/ delegated-admin- 2 ). We let the quality and function of our apps speak for themselves".Ismail NalwalaCEOWORK 365To learn more about WORK 365 and download free trials of the apps, visit https://www.work365apps.com The WORK 365 team provides some of the best productivity apps for Microsoft Office 365, Dynamics 365 and SharePoint platforms. Learn more at https://www.work365apps.com.
April 3 Comdirect Bank AG:
* Comdirect Bank plans merger with OnVista Bank GmbH
* Aim of merger is to simplify structure under corporate law as well as associated regulatory reporting system
* Merger is expected to be completed during Q2 of this year
* Name OnVista Bank and OnVista Media GmbH with the www.onvista.de financial portal are to be continued
* Merger to lay foundation for further development and continued profitable growth of Comdirect Group; it is expected to lead to additional pre-tax profit of around 10 million euros ($10.66 million) per year from 2019 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: ($1 = 0.9385 euros) (Gdynia Newsroom)
FILE PHOTO: The logo of AstraZeneca is seen on a medication package at a pharmacy in London April 28, 2014. REUTERS/Stefan Wermuth/File Photo
U.S. regulators have approved AstraZeneca's key immunotherapy drug durvalumab as a treatment for bladder cancer, marking the first commercial green light for a product the company hopes will go on to sell billions of dollars.
The approval, while expected, marks a milestone for the British company, which expects new cancer drugs to help revive its fortunes following patent losses on older blockbuster products like cholesterol pill Crestor and Nexium for heartburn.
Bladder cancer itself is a relatively small initial market, where AstraZeneca is lagging behind rivals Bristol-Myers Squibb and Roche whose immunotherapies are already approved for the condition.
Durvalumab's big commercial opportunity lies in previously untreated lung cancer, where key clinical trial results, including with combination therapy, are due in June or July.
Leerink analyst Seamus Fernandez sees durvalumab capturing a modest 10 percent of the estimated $2.3 billion global bladder cancer market, while AstraZeneca in 2014 put the drug's peak sales in all cancers at $6.5 billion, including combination use.
The U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) said late on Monday it granted accelerated approval to AstraZeneca's drug to treat advanced bladder cancer in patients whose disease had progressed despite chemotherapy.
The drug, which will have the brand name Imfinzi, works by helping the body's immune cells kill cancer, offering an alternative to toxic chemotherapy. While not without side effects, such immuno-oncology treatment has the potential of longer-lasting efficacy, although it comes at a high price.
AstraZeneca said the average wholesale acquisition cost of durvalumab would be around $15,000 a month.
"This first approval for Imfinzi is an important milestone in our return to growth," said AstraZeneca Chief Executive Pascal Soriot.
The drug belongs to a new class of medicines called PD-L1 inhibitors that block a mechanism tumors use to evade detection from the immune system.
It was approved by the FDA for use in patients with locally advanced or metastatic urothelial carcinoma, by far the most common form of bladder cancer, regardless of their status for the amount of PD-L1 protein on their cancer cells.
Durvalumab won accelerated approval, which enables the use of therapies for serious conditions to fill an unmet medical need based on data the FDA believes is likely to predict a clinical benefit. AstraZeneca is required to conduct trials to confirm actual benefit to patients.
The FDA also approved a complementary diagnostic from Roche that can be used with the drug to assess PD-L1 levels. Studies have shown patients with high PD-L1 are more likely to do well on durvalumab, although such a test is not required for its use.
Durvalumab is being tested on its own and also in combination with another immune system-boosting therapy called tremelimumab in various cancers.
The medicine is the latest immunotherapy to be approved by the FDA, after nods for treatments developed against various cancers by Bristol-Myers Squibb, Merck & Co, Roche, and a collaboration between Germany's Merck KGaA and Pfizer.
AstraZeneca shares were up 0.3 percent in early London trading on Tuesday.
(Editing by Susan Thomas and Jason Neely)
File Photo: Workers of BHP Billiton's Escondida, the world's biggest copper mine, are seen in front of the open pit, in Antofagasta, northern Chile March 31, 2008. Picture taken March 31, 2008. REUTERS/Ivan Alvarado/File Photo
Business Watch takes a look at copper production and commerce, the Mexican peso and the steep price of new cancer drugs - all in graphics.
The cost of cancer: new drugs show success at a steep price
Investors are betting that a weak Mexican peso will keep tourists flooding into Latin America's No. 2 economy this year.
The copper market is likely to see a small shortage as early as this year because of a lack of new supply and other factors, Rio Tinto's copper and diamonds chief will say on Tuesday. Here's a look at the global copper market and a closer look at copper in a top producer, Chile.
May 3 Olin Corp:
* Olin announces first quarter 2017 earnings
* Q1 earnings per share $0.08
* Q1 sales $1.567 billion versus I/B/E/S view $1.44 billion
* Q1 earnings per share view $0.22 -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* Olin corp says reiterated full year 2017 adjusted ebitda forecast of $1 billion
* q2 2017 adjusted ebitda is forecast to improve slightly compared to q1 2017 levels
* expect improved performance from both epoxy and winchester in second half of 2017 compared to first half of year
* Olin corp says expect second half 2017 adjusted ebitda to be significantly stronger than first half 2017 levels
* second half 2017 epoxy results are expected to benefit from lower raw material costs than were experienced in q1
* Sees 2017 capital spending in $300 million to $350 million range
* In quarter,favorable results in chlor alkali products, vinyls were primarily resulted of higher than anticipated caustic soda,ethylene dichloride pricing Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
A bricklayer working for Taylor Wimpey builds a wall on an estate in Aylesbury, Britain February 7, 2017. REUTERS/Eddie Keogh
FILE PHOTO: Construction cranes are seen on a residential building project behind homes in London, Britain, October 26, 2016. REUTERS/Toby Melville/Files
Growth in Britain's construction industry accelerated to a four-month high in April, adding to tentative signs that the economy might be recovering a little momentum after a lackluster start to 2017, a survey showed on Wednesday.
The Markit/CIPS UK Construction Purchasing Managers' Index (PMI) rose to 53.1 from 52.2 in March, against forecasts in a Reuters poll of economists for a slight fall.
Civil engineering grew at the fastest pace in just over a year and growth in house-building hit a four-month high.
The figures followed a similar survey published on Monday that showed British factories had their best month in three years in April.
The readings should come as a relief for Prime Minister Theresa May as she gears up for a national election on June 8.
Official data last week showed the economy slowed sharply in the first three months of the year as inflation hurt consumers.
Wednesday's release showed construction companies took on workers at the fastest rate since May last year to help cope with an influx of new orders, while cost pressures on firms eased further after hitting six-year highs earlier in 2017.
Bank of England officials are due to meet next week to set interest rates, with some policymakers uneasy about the risk of inflation becoming entrenched in the economy.
Economists will be eyeing Thursday's PMI for the much larger services sector for a stronger steer on how the economy has started the second quarter.
(Reporting by Andy Bruce; editing by John Stonestreet)
Feb 2 (OPTA) - Standings for the Eredivisie on Friday P W D L F A Pts 1 PSV 20 17 1 2 53 22 52 2 Ajax 20 14 3 3 56 17 45 .......................................... 3 AZ 20 13 3 4 37 20 42 .......................................... 4 Feyenoord 20 10 6 4 41 20 36 5 Zwolle 20 10 6 4 28 23 36 6 Vitesse 21 9 7 5 36 24 34 7 Utrecht 20 8 7 5 29 30 31 .......................................... 8 Heerenveen 20 7 6 7 28 32 27 9 ADO 20 8 3 9 27 32 27 10 VVV 20 6 8 6 24 27 26 11 Excelsior 20 7 3 10 25 31 24 12 Heracles 20 6 5 9 30 42 23 13 Groningen 21 5 7 9 34 36 22 14 Willem II 20 4 5 11 28 43 17 15 Twente 20 4 4 12 25 36 16 .......................................... 16 NAC 20 4 4 12 20 37 16 17 Roda 20 4 3 13 20 42 15 .......................................... 18 Sparta 20 2 5 13 16 43 11 1-2: Champions League preliminary round 3: Europa League preliminary round 4-7: Europa League play-off 16-17: Relegation play-off 18: Relegation
BUCHAREST May 3 Here are news stories, press reports and events to watch which may affect Romanian financial markets on Wednesday.
PPI
Romanian industrial producer prices ROPPIY=ECI rose 3.9 percent on the year and 0.3 percent on the month in March, data from the National Statistics Board showed on Tuesday.
FX RESERVES
The Romanian central bank's foreign exchange reserves, excluding 103.7 tonnes of gold, rose by 1.27 billion euros ($1.39 billion) on the month to 35.96 billion euros at the end of April, it said on Tuesday.
UNEMPLOYMENT
Romania's seasonally adjusted unemployment rate edged down to 5.3 percent in March from 5.4 percent in the previous month, the National Statistics Board said on Tuesday.
CEE MARKETS
Strong manufacturing surveys failed to lift most Central European currencies on Tuesday, with the crown easing after Czech Prime Minister Bohuslav Sobotka said he would resign along with the entire cabinet.
WEALTH FUND
Romania's pending sovereign wealth fund will have an initial capitalisation of around 1.8-1.9 billion lei and its portfolio will include up to 30 state energy, transport and health firms that are running a profit, Economy Minister Mihai Tudose told news agency news.ro on Tuesday.
The draft bill setting up the fund will be released for public debate on May 15.
For the long-term Romanian diary, click on
For emerging markets economic events, click on
For an index of all diaries, click on
For other related news, double-click on: --------------------------------------------------------------- Romanian equities RO-E E.Europe equities .CEE Romanian money RO-M Romanian debt RO-D Eastern Europe EEU All emerging markets EMRG Hot stocks Stock markets STX Market debt news DBT Forex news FRX For real-time index quotes, double-click on: Bucharest BETI Warsaw WIG20 Budapest BUX Prague PX --------------------------------------------------------
* Kuroda's reappointment an attractive option for Abe
* Kuroda, 72, hasn't said if willing to serve again
* Few candidates available to fill Kuroda's shoes
* Dark-horse candidates include Abe former aide Honda
By Leika Kihara
TOKYO, April 6 Bank of Japan governor Haruhiko Kuroda has emphatically missed his single most important performance indicator, and yet is looking a good bet for a second term - the first in more than half a century - if the 72-year-old can face the strain.
There is still a year left in Kuroda's current five-year stint, and the selection process won't begin in earnest until the latter half of this year, but some of Prime Minister Shinzo Abe's closest aides and senior financial officials say reappointment is a real possibility.
Kuroda's central policy has been a huge monetary stimulus programme to break the decades-long deflationary blight on Japan's economy, but he remains well short of achieving his primary task of getting inflation up to 2 percent.
There have, however, been no crises during a period of relentless external headwinds, and Abe has been reassured by the unflappable Kuroda's steady hand on the tiller.
"Kuroda is doing a very good job. I think Abe trusts him," a senior government official said on condition of anonymity.
Abe told parliament in January the next BOJ head should be someone who carries on the ultra-easy policy bias of Kuroda. In another parliament appearance in February, he praised Kuroda's policies for boosting jobs and growth.
With economic recovery gathering momentum, the priority for the government would be maintaining the status quo, says Izuru Kato, chief economist at Totan Research.
"The administration is happy with how the BOJ's huge bond buying is keeping government borrowing costs very low," he said.
"Even if it's not Kuroda, it will be someone who won't head toward an exit from the current massive stimulus programme."
Government officials say Abe does not fret too much about missing the inflation target, and values Kuroda for capping unwelcome spikes in the yen with aggressive monetary bursts.
They also point to Kuroda's respected overseas profile, built as Japan's top currency diplomat and head of the Asian Development Bank.
"It's hard to think of anyone else who can do the job in such difficult times," a second government official said, a view echoed by two other sources familiar with Abe's thinking.
TOUGH JOB
Though there is no bar to reappointment, the last BOJ governor to hold the job for more than five years was Masamichi Yamagiwa, who served for eight years to 1964.
Those who know Kuroda say he is energetic and fit, but he has made no comment on his willingness to retain one of the country's most punishing high-profile posts into his late seventies.
"It's an extremely tough job physically and mentally. I'm not sure whether anyone could do 10 years of it," said a former senior central bank official.
Aside from the BOJ's policy-setting meetings eight times a year, Kuroda chairs twice-weekly board meetings on non-monetary policy matters, and makes frequent long flights for international summits, such as meetings of G20 leaders or for the Bank for International Settlements.
On top of that he appeared 51 times in parliament last year, as lawmakers can summon the governor to speak whenever it is in session.
Kuroda's daunting in-tray might also give him pause.
After such a long period of heavy stimulus, analysts say the BOJ has few weapons left in its armoury, and its task of keeping bond yields down could become particularly challenging if U.S. interest rate hikes push up global rates.
And the bank will eventually have to find a way to wind down a stimulus programme that for four years has been almost the only significant buyer of government bonds without triggering market chaos.
"At some point, the next governor may have to consider how to make the current policy more sustainable," said Kazuo Momma, a former BOJ executive who oversaw monetary policy and is now an economist at private think-tank Mizuho Research Institute.
But the government officials say the complexities also make Kuroda the best qualified candidate, while trimming the field of possible contenders.
"Whoever becomes next governor would have some extremely tough business to deal with, so frankly no one wants to do it," said a third government official.
Alternatives might include current deputy governor Hiroshi Nakaso - an expert on financial markets - or Masayoshi Amamiya, the top bureaucrat overseeing monetary policy.
Some sources close to Abe say he could also opt for academics or his associates, such as Nobuchika Mori, head of Japan's banking regulator, former aide Etsuro Honda or Columbia University professor Takatoshi Ito.
"Given it's a highly political appointment, the chance of a dark horse being chosen can't be ruled out," said one government source.
"But the stakes have become too high for someone with little experience of monetary policy to take the job," he said. "That makes Kuroda's reappointment an attractive choice for Abe."
(Additional reporting by Yoshifumi Takemoto and Sumio Ito; Editing by Will Waterman)
AIG teams with IBM to use blockchain for 'smart' insurance policy
June 14 Insurer American International Group Inc has partnered with International Business Machines Corp to develop a "smart" insurance policy that uses blockchain to manage complex international coverage, the companies said on Wednesday.
(Adds comment by Qatar Airways CEO, background)
DUBAI, March 30 Qatar Airways and Etihad Airways are lending some passengers laptop computers and tablets to use on board following the U.S. ban on most electronics devices from being taken into the cabin on United States-bound flights.
On March 25 the U.S. authorities banned electronic devices larger than a mobile phone from being taken into cabins on direct flights to the United States from 10 airports in the Middle East, North Africa and Turkey, including Qatar and the United Arab Emirates.
Qatar Airways said on Thursday complimentary laptops would be available to business class passengers travelling to the United States from next week.
Business class passengers will collect the laptops just prior to boarding, where they will also be able to hand over their own devices to be stowed in the hold with checked-in luggage, the Doha-based airline said in a statement.
Chief Executive Akbar al-Baker said the service allowed the airline to offer a "business as usual" service, despite the restrictions.
Similarly, Etihad is lending tablets and offering unlimited wifi to business and first-class passengers travelling on U.S.-bound flights, according to an email seen by Reuters sent to frequent flyer members on Tuesday.
The Abu Dhabi-based airline previously said passengers could hand over prohibited devices at the gate in order to minimise the disruption.
Emirates is also considering loaning devices to passengers travelling to the U.S., President Tim Clark was quoted as telling Bloomberg on Monday.
The airline was the first of the major Gulf airlines to say its passengers could hand over devices immediately prior to boarding.
The restrictions, prompted by reports that militant groups want to smuggle explosive devices in electronic gadgets, state that electronics larger than a mobile phone - including laptops and tablets - must be stowed with checked baggage on U.S.-bound passenger flights.
Industry experts have warned the ban could weaken passenger demand for the Gulf carriers on U.S. routes.
Gulf airlines rely on business-class flyers stopping over in places like Dubai or Doha for far-flung destinations and the ban risks pushing passengers to travel with airlines not affected.
Al-Baker said on Monday it was too early to tell if there had been an impact on demand.
Emirates said booking rates on U.S. flights fell 35 per cent after President Donald Trump's first travel ban which like the electronics ban only applied to Muslim-majority countries. (Reporting by Alexander Cornwell in Dubai, Tom Finn in London and Stanley Carvalho in Abu Dhabi; Editing by Greg Mahlich)
Soccer-Capello targets survival and cup run for new club Jiangsu
HONG KONG, June 15 Fabio Capello has set his sights on steering new employers Jiangsu Suning away from the Chinese Super League (CSL) relegation zone and success in the Chinese FA Cup as the Italian prepares for the latest chapter of his long coaching career.
OTTAWA, March 31 Canada's low interest rates are not fuelling speculation in the country's housing market, Bank of Canada Governor Stephen Poloz said in an interview with local media published on Friday.
In an interview with Macleans magazine, Poloz said the acceleration in home prices in Vancouver and Toronto suggests some of that has been driven by "extrapolated expectations", though he also pointed to strong labor markets and supply constraints in both cities.
(Reporting by Leah Schnurr)
By Cass Chapman
For many people, turning 40 can be a time for reflection and reappraisal. For Jamie Oliver, it was no different. He may have been at the helm of a global empire, running restaurants, publishing books and magazines, heading TV shows and a Youtube channel, not to mention being a campaigner and father of five children - but turning 40, he says, was "a bit of a moment".
Whatever crisis he felt was heading his way, two years on, he seems to have gotten past it. When we meet at his restaurant Fifteen, and then again at his north London home, I find him full of the same puppy-boy enthusiasm he had when he first burst into the public consciousness two decades ago. Cheery and every bit as affable as he is on TV, he's obviously in a good place, "but not in a cocky way", he assures me.
Hanging with my two buddy's....... A post shared by Jamie Oliver (@jamieoliver) on Aug 14, 2017 at 5:29am PDT
We are here to talk about his new book, 5 Ingredients Quick & Easy Food. He is busier than ever, but there are still hints of this new contemplative mood he's developed in midlife.
Advertisement
Certainly, he sees a distinct change in the way he now lives: "it was pukka'd up, it was chirpy and cocky and life was great, but I didn't know enough about the realities of business and all the grown up stuff that revolves around a man," he tells me. "I was just loving life and partying and cooking."
He admits that he while he "may have made money" (his net worth is an estimated £150 million according to one Rich List), he's "also lost loads" (he won't tell me exactly how much - but he's down £90m since his peak in 2014).
What he calls the "30 to 40 year old bit" he does concede was exhausting: "I basically squirreled nothing away, I built no safety and I had a slightly weird view of the recession." He says he now has "lists of friends that I shouldn't have collaborated with - never mix business and pleasure".
But he is also proud of what he achieved, which is considerable by anyone's standard. Today, he has 48 restaurants in the UK alone and 19 books printed in 36 languages: "If you're 30 and you've got a talent you've got to smash it and that's what we did - we created 8500 jobs and we tried anything that would get anybody cooking. We put good heart and soul in it."
Today, as a father of five (his eldest is 15 and youngest, River, was born last August), the parties are presumably a bit far and few between. "It is a struggle with nappies all over the house and stair gates, we've got three sets of kids - we've got teenagers so that's revision, hormones, the whole thing. I'd give myself a 6 out of 10 as a dad to teenagers. I don't think I'm very good to be honest.
"And they're girls, which is really hard and they're not interested in much I've got to offer. And then the others are 6 and 8 and I'm pretty good at that. And then one is a baby and we're back to the beginning."
So, is that is on the baby-making front? "I think so, yes. I think at 42 you're pushing your luck. I haven't got any more room in the car, so we'd have to buy a bus. But Jools would love me to say 'never say never.' She'd tell me not to rule it out."
TOTAL DEVOTION TO JOOLS
His devotion to wife Jools (who he met aged 17 while on a double date with tv co-star Jimmy Doherty), is resolute; "she is quite a girl. I'm pretty much in awe of her; she's as amazing as a mum could get."
My two mates having a hug....Happy first birthday boy.... that went fast...great job @joolsoliver nice cake action A post shared by Jamie Oliver (@jamieoliver) on Aug 7, 2017 at 11:50pm PDT
While much of their relationship is played out on social media (both Jamie and Jools are prolific Instagram users), anyone who spends time with them together can see the absolute devotion they have for one another which, given Jamie's work schedule, must be nothing short of challenging.
The key to their relationship is, according to Jamie, "keeping work really separate" from family life. "You probably know more about what I'm doing than she does," he says. "You've just got to make stuff work, although we definitely don't have enough time for just us."
WHY ANOTHER COOKBOOK?
So, with restaurants the world over and food tomes on nearly every bookshelf, why another? 5 Ingredients Quick & Easy Food is, unsurprisingly, all about making delicious, nutritious food using no more than five ingredients in one dish. "I have, over the years, done speed, money, time, and comfort and, weirdly, this book was a really obvious one that hadn't been done. I began writing and very quickly started getting blown away."
He is open about the challenges he has faced with dyslexia and feels he's "certainly not a beautiful writer like Nigel [Slater]," but it's this passion for healthy and enjoyable homemade food, which drives him to write and, more latterly, campaign.
Hi guys, So with great excitement I have the very first copy of my new book, check Bio Writing this book has been a really surprising experience without doubt my most approachable cook book yet I think rarely for total beginners and confinement cooks , my brief to myself was yeah minimal ingredients and big flavour so 5 was the magic number, yeah quick and easy as that's what most of you guys want but really what this book became was a wonderful master class in restraint, less shopping! and time and space to master new techniques. If the feedback from the many recipe testers and Tv crew is anything to go by I think this book could have a good chance to really move a wider range people's cooking on in a sure fire way fingers crossed 🤞🏽 big love more info in Bio jox x x x x x A post shared by Jamie Oliver (@jamieoliver) on Jul 23, 2017 at 8:48am PDT
Jamie has worked with four Prime Ministers since he started the School Dinners campaign, "when there were standards for dog food but not kids' food" and, naturally, our discussion moves to Theresa May's move to scrap free school lunches, which he is still furious about: "She's going to dig her heels in and now I'm just an irritation. She doesn't give a hoot and she doesn't care about kids' futures."
He reminisces about his work with David Cameron who he clearly enjoyed dealing with, though he credits George Osborne for putting through the sugar tax: "Apart from being absolutely right, it's a billion quid going into schools. Whatever you think of George, that was a moment."
JAMIE THE DO-GOODER
His passionate outbursts have led some to berate him as a lecturing do-gooder who has gone about his mission in a somewhat clumsy and naive way. He has been slammed for not understanding the challenges faced by the poor when criticising ready meals but it's hard not to see that his heart is in the right place.
But has he been as good about looking after his own health as he has the nation's? Getting older hasn't just been about an existential crisis, and there has been a notable physical impact, too. "My body probably does react differently now". He turned over his own healthy leaf when he hit 40, cutting out alcohol during the week and watching what he ate; "I'll go to the gym as many times as my diary allows but, eating-wise, I try and rattle out Everyday Superfoods from Monday to Thursday. Doing the right thing does involve quite a lot of thinking; making that easy for people is the holy grail."
I Love this little ball of joy.....a little calm time with dad on our summer hols with a little help from a good old Thumb 👍👍👍👍😎good times, I miss my thumb big love guys jamie x x x A post shared by Jamie Oliver (@jamieoliver) on Jul 23, 2017 at 12:50pm PDT
So, no retirement plans just yet then? "I'm pretty clear I don't want it to be the same as the last ten years. Do I take my kids to school every day and retire? I'm not going to do that. I will still try to push boundaries and I want to be much more medical, educational and political, but in a really grown up way."
His new plan is to "employ the best cancer dietician in the country and give them a platform that will allow their work to flourish." While he has no personal history of cancer in his family, his hope is to work more closely with people on a one-to-one basis, in order to help them with individual nutritional needs, while doctors work alongside him to study their family history and medical health, advising on lifestyle and diet simultaneously. "If you start joining it (healthy eating) with technology, the possibilities are endless."
Slovakian Prime Minister Robert Fico (L to R), German Chancellor Angela Merkel and Czech Republic Prime Minister Bohuslav Sobotka attend a news conference at the Chancellery in Berlin, Germany, April 3, 2017. REUTERS/Hannibal Hanschke
German Chancellor Angela Merkel (L) listens to Slovakian Prime Minister Robert Fico during the news conference at the Chancellery in Berlin, Germany, April 3, 2017. REUTERS/Hannibal Hanschke
German Chancellor Angela Merkel (L to R), Slovakian Prime Minister Robert Fico and Czech Republic Prime Minister Bohuslav Sobotka arrive to the news conference at the Chancellery in Berlin, Germany, April 3, 2017. REUTERS/Hannibal Hanschke
German Chancellor Angela Merkel (L to R), Slovakian Prime Minister Robert Fico and Czech Republic Prime Minister Bohuslav Sobotka arrive to the news conference at the Chancellery in Berlin, Germany, April 3, 2017.
Slovakian Prime Minister Robert Fico (L to R), German Chancellor Angela Merkel and Czech Republic Prime Minister Bohuslav Sobotka attend a news conference at the Chancellery in Berlin, Germany, April 3, 2017. REUTERS/Hannibal Hanschke
German Chancellor Angela Merkel speaks during the news conference at the Chancellery in Berlin, Germany, April 3, 2017.
BERLIN The European Union should try to limit the fallout from Britain's decision to leave the European Union, German Chancellor Angela Merkel said on Monday, conceding that some damage was inevitable.
"This is an incision for the European Union, it's an unfortunate event - Britain's decision," Merkel told a joint news conference with Slovakian Prime Minister Robert Fico and Czech Prime Minister Bohuslav Sobotka in Berlin.
"We want to limit the damage. But there will naturally be some negative impact," Merkel said, adding that it was more important that the remaining 27 EU member states stick together and improve the competitiveness of the bloc.
(Reporting by Joseph Nasr and Paul Carrel)
* 12th weekly rise in U.S. drilling activity caps rises
* U.S. oil output could rise by 215,000 bpd in 2017- Goldman Sachs
By Henning Gloystein
SINGAPORE, April 10 Oil prices were firm on Monday, supported by strong demand and political uncertainty in Syria, although another rise in U.S. drilling activity kept a lid on gains.
Brent crude futures, the international benchmark for oil, were at $55.39 per barrel at 0109 GMT, up 15 cents, or 0.3 percent, from their last close.
U.S. West Texas Intermediate (WTI) crude futures were up 24 cents, or 0.5 percent, at $52.48 a barrel.
Traders said prices were being supported by strong demand, and also political uncertainty following the U.S. missile air strikes on Syria late last week.
ANZ bank said on Monday that strong oil demand and "an unsettled global backdrop (is) leaving the market very finely balanced."
However, another increase in U.S. oil drilling, which has run up for 12 straight weeks to 672 rigs - the highest level since August 2015, kept markets from breaking last week's one-month highs of over $56 per barrel.
U.S. bank Goldman Sachs said following the rig data release that year-on-year U.S. oil production "would rise by 215,000 barrels per day in 2017" once a backlog of production waiting to be brought back online was taken into account.
(Reporting by Henning Gloystein; Editing by Richard Pullin)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
MOSCOW The president of world chess's governing body said on Wednesday that an attempted "revolution" to oust him by falsely announcing his resignation had failed, and that he would serve out his full term and might even stand for re-election.
Russia's Kirsan Ilyumzhinov -- a millionaire businessman and ex-politician who once said he had been abducted by aliens -- has headed FIDE, chess's governing body, for the last 22 years, flying around the world to promote chess.
But since Monday, after a weekend meeting in Greece of FIDE's presidential board, Ilyumzhinov has been embroiled in a surreal power struggle with his organisation's secretariat.
A statement announcing he had resigned appeared on FIDE's website on Monday. A letter from Ilyumzhinov saying that was "untrue" appeared on the same site on Tuesday along with a separate letter from Nigel Freeman, FIDE's executive director, contradicting him and saying he had repeatedly declared he was quitting.
Chess and politics are no strangers. Cold War rivalry gave a special edge to the 1972 world championship, in which American Bobby Fischer beat Russian Boris Spassky, and the 1978 contest between Anatoly Karpov and Viktor Korchnoi pitted the golden boy of Soviet chess against a dissident who defected to the West.
In the 1990s, FIDE witnessed a major rebellion when then-champion Garry Kasparov accused it of corruption and set up a breakaway body. But even by FIDE standards, the current machinations are unusual.
Ilyumzhinov, 54, who has in the past beaten chess greats such as Karpov and Kasparov to win a slew of FIDE presidential elections, told a news conference in Moscow he had defeated an attempt at political intriguing and remained in charge of world chess.
"I didn't sign any resignation announcement or hand one over. I'm the current president," he said, adding that the matter of his possible resignation had come up in informal discussions but that he had made clear he did not think he should go unless there was proof he was at fault in some way.
Ilyumzhinov, who has stirred controversy in the West by meeting strongmen leaders such as Libya's late Muammar Gaddafi, said that FIDE officials who had announced his resignation had been "economical with the truth" and likened what had happened to "a revolution to seize the telegraph office."
When asked if there had been an attempted coup against him, he said: "Yes."
Freeman, FIDE's executive director, did not immediately respond to a request to respond to Ilyumzhinov's comments.
In his letter on the organisation's web site he said Ilyumzhinov had definitely resigned and that an extraordinary presidential board meeting would be held on April 10 to discuss the matter.
"During the presidential board meeting in Athens, you several times threatened to resign and at the end of the meeting, three times you repeated 'I resign' before leaving the room," Freeman wrote.
Ilyumzhinov was placed under U.S. sanctions in November 2015 after Washington accused him of helping the Syrian government. The chess enthusiast has met Syrian President Bashar al-Assad, but denies the U.S. accusations.
He said on Wednesday he intended to serve out his full term as FIDE president and would decide next year whether to run for re-election in September 2018.
(Editing by Mark Trevelyan)
(Adds comments from chief operating officer)
By Christopher Spink
LONDON, May 3 (IFR) - A strong recovery in equities trading enabled BNP Paribas to report a 20% rise in revenues at its corporate and institutional banking division, in line with US peers and better than many European rivals, which reported weaker figures last month.
"In global markets there was a general rebound in activity, more so among US banks than European ones," said Philippe Bordenave, chief operating officer at BNP Paribas. "We have been gradually gaining market share in each quarter."
First-quarter CIB revenues were €3.22bn compared with €2.69bn in the same period a year earlier when the French bank reported a 41% fall in equities revenues to €428m. This time that bounced back by 36% to €580m, which is still below the €725m level recorded two years ago.
The group's larger fixed income, currencies and commodities arm also recovered, with revenues surging by 32% to €1.17bn, roughly the same level as two years ago. Like others, BNP Paribas has benefited from strong activity in rates. It also said FX was “good”, unlike in some banks.
The lender differs from most others by also including fees from primary debt capital markets in this division. That has been strong across all banks, in comparison with the unusually weak period seen a year earlier.
BNP Paribas' dominant euro-business also benefited from the European Central Bank's corporate bond purchasing programme, which has encouraged many major issuers to come to market before any possible monetary policy changes.
The bank has outlined plans to reduce annual costs by €900m in its CIB division over the next three years so cost-to-income is 64% by 2020. Over this quarter overall divisional expenses went up 11% to €2.51bn, which was smaller than the top line increase.
However, that still meant cost-to-income was 77.8%, leaving management with much to do to meet its target. The bank said the CIB had incurred €43m of one-off “transformation” costs in the quarter. As part of this it sold a sub-profitable €2.5bn portfolio of positions.
The bank is also looking to expand in some financing areas. For instance, last quarter it announced the acquisition with French carmaker PSA of General Motors Europe's financing activities, paying €450m for a 50% share of the book, which had €9.6bn outstanding at the end of 2016.
“We are looking to develop our car financing business as it is an area where we are underdeveloped compared to other areas of consumer finance,” said Bordenave.
Nearly half of CIB's revenues come from resilient businesses – securities services and corporate banking. The former saw revenues rise 8.5% to €478m year-on-year, benefiting from new contracts such as looking after €60bn of assets for Spanish insurer Mapfre.
In corporate banking, BNP Paribas remains a dominant syndicated loan arranger in Europe. Volumes here rose 7.2% year-on-year to €135.3bn. In transaction banking the group is still winning business from a deal to take on RBS clients after the UK bank pulled out of this area. Revenues across corporate banking went up 6.7% to €991m. (Reporting by Christopher Spink)
WASHINGTON The Trump administration wants to tax imports from countries that put tariffs on the United States, said Gary Cohn, director of President Donald Trump's National Economic Council.
"Fair means we treat our trading partners the way they treat us," Cohn told a conference on the sidelines of the IMF and World Bank's spring meetings in Washington on Thursday. "If you want to insist on having a tariff on a product, which we prefer you not, the president believes that we should treat you in a reciprocal fashion and that we should tax your product coming into the United States."
(Reporting by Jason Lange and Lindsay Dunsmuir; Editing by Andrea Ricci)
April 13 Powszechny Zaklad Ubezpieczen (PZU)
* The supervisory board of Poland's largest insurer, PZU, has appointed Pawel Surowka as the company's chief executive officer for a term ending in 2018
* Surowka worked at Bank of America Merrill Lynch from 2007 until 2013 representing the bank and building relations with prospective clients in central and eastern Europe
* In June last year, he was appointed chief executive of the life insurance subsidiary of PZU, PZU Zycie Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Reporting by Marcin Goettig)
BELGRADE Serbia and other countries rife with hooliganism risk being kicked out of international tournaments if their governments fail to stamp out violence at football grounds, UEFA President Aleksander Ceferin said on Friday.
The 49-year old Slovenian, who was elected chief of European football's governing body in September, said offenders must be banned from entering grounds.
"If they are not stopped, a disaster could happen and Serbia would be in serious danger of getting expelled from a competition. That would be a disaster for Serbia," Ceferin told a news conference at the Serbian FA's headquarters.
He said strong measures must be taken.
"Education is helpful but repression is required too," he said. "UEFA has made it clear to governments in countries where this problem persists that Football Associations alone cannot solve it.
"The state authorities must act in collusion with football bodies to vanquish hooliganism."
Serbia's 2018 World Cup qualifying campaign has so far been incident-free but like neighbouring Croatia, the country has been plagued with violence and incidents of racism since the former Yugoslavia's bloody break-up in the 1990s.
Several nations from the region could qualify for the 2018 tournament in Russia, with Serbia and Croatia topping their qualifying groups while Bosnia and Slovenia have a realistic chance of reaching the playoffs at least.
Describing the 2026 event, the first to feature 48 teams, as a potentially exciting tournament, Ceferin backed the expansion from the present 32-team format as a necessity to involve more fringe nations.
He was also upbeat about the allocation of slots, envisaging 16 teams from Europe, an increase of three from the present 13 although it represents a percentage decline.
"All confederations supported the motion to expand the World Cup to 48 teams and that being the case, it was in UEFA's best interest to go along rather than to create dissent," Ceferin said.
"UEFA will still be represented by easily the largest number of nations and is the only confederation that will have a team in each group at the 2026 World Cup finals.
"I think it will be a very interesting tournament. We keep saying that Europe is the hotbed of world football's quality and if that is true, all 16 teams from Europe should qualify for the knockout stage.
"The new format also offers a great opportunity to teams outside the top echelons to qualify and play on the big stage."
Under the proposal made by the FIFA Bureau for the enlarged tournament, Europe would get 16 places, Africa nine, Asia eight, South America six, CONCACAF six and Oceania one.
The host nation, which has not yet been decided, will qualify automatically and its slot would be taken from the allocation of its confederation.
The two remaining places will be decided by a six-team playoff tournament which would take place in the World Cup host nation.
Ceferin stressed that UEFA's decision to grant four automatic Champions League berths to each of the top five leagues starting with the 2018-19 season stemmed from their financial contribution to Europe's elite club competition.
He also reiterated that the body was strongly opposed to a breakaway European Superleague.
"The Champions League format has changed in favour of the top five nations but we must also keep in mind that they yield 86 percent of all the revenues and take back 60 percent.
"When I was elected, I said a European Superleague was out of the question as it would mean a war with UEFA. It's every club's dream to play in the Champions League and hence any breakaway competition is unacceptable."
(Editing by Ed Osmond)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Breeze FM Founder and Director, Mike Daka, has retired from the radio station and active media involvement after working in the media industry for 45 years.
Mr. Daka announced his retirement last night at a farewell party for members of staff of the radio station held to commemorate the 15th anniversary of Breeze FM.
He said that there was need for change, renewal and preparations for a brighter future at Breeze FM radio station.
As part of the re-organisation of the radio station following Mr. Daka's retirement, Breeze FM will relocate from its old building on plot number 866 Parirenyatwa Road to a new site within the Chipata Central Business District.
Mr. Daka started his career in journalism at the Zambia News Agency, ZANA, where he spent 17 years and rose from the position of Reporter to that of Editor-in-Chief.
He then worked as the Managing Director of the Zambia Institute of Mass Communication, ZAMCOM, for 13 years.
Mr. Daka established Breeze FM Radio Station in the year 2002 following the government's decision to liberalise the broadcasting sector which ended the monopoly of the Zambia National Broadcasting Corporation.
He thanked the government, business community, civil society, the staff of the radio station, past and present, and the people of Eastern Province for helping to make Breeze FM the most effective channel of communication in Eastern Province and surrounding areas.
He assured members of staff, listeners and other stakeholders that adequate arrangements have been made to ensure continued operations of the radio station and expansion of its activities.
Mr. Daka was educated in Zambia, India, Germany and the United Kingdom and holds a Masters Degree in Journalism Studies.
He will settle on his farm in Kauzu Farm Block on the outskirts of Chipata.
Goldman-backed startup Circle launches no-fee foreign payments service
PARIS/NEW YORK, June 15 Blockchain-based payments startup Circle Internet Financial on Thursday launched an international online money transfer service that allows people in the United States and Europe to send money to each other instantly and at no cost as it seeks to tear down borders in the payments world.
Australia shares poised to fall after Fed rate hike, oil prices dip, NZ flat
June 15 Australian shares are expected to open lower on Thursday, mirroring a dip in Wall Street after the U.S. Federal Reserve raised interest rates and crude oil prices slumped to their lowest close in seven months. A slide in the technology sector weighed on the Nasdaq and S&P 500 as investors worried about the pace of economic growth after the rate increase and weaker-than-expected inflation data. Crude oil prices fell nearly 4 percent, hit by an unexpec
While on one side, the Prabhas starrer is in tremendous buzz, the same movie is also grabbing the headlines owing to its female lead cast. From Katrina Kaif to Anushka Shetty and Shraddha Kapoor, many names were in the pipeline.
According to the latest reports, Prabhas' fans are not much happier about his pairing with Shraddha Kapoor. Interestingly, we also hear that Prabhas was keen to rope in a Bollywood actress owing to a surprising reason!
Prabhas Affair With B-town We all know that Prabhas has put his Bollywood debut plan on hold for now. But we gotta tell you that his love affair with B-town has already started. Here's how..
Was It All Planned? If you have noticed, for Saaho, Prabhas has already roped in a Bollywood villain - Neil Nitin Mukesh. Next, he got the popular Bollywood music directors Shankar-Ehsaan-Loy on board to compose music for the film.
Here's Why He Wanted Shraddha While there is no confirmation about the leading actress as yet, rumours are rife that Saaho will see him romancing Shraddha Kapoor.
Is It Prabhas' Calculated Move? Talking about Prabhas' new interest to rope in Bollywood celebs in his film, an industry source told an entertainment portal, "This may be a calculated move."
Prabhas Wants A Pan-Indian Appeal "Getting popular names and faces from Bollywood to work in his projects will give the films a pan India appeal," said the source.
Prabhas' Plan Before A Proper Debut In Bollywood The source further added, "This will help him understand and gauge the potential for his films in the Hindi film market before making a full-fledged entry in Bollywood."
We Gotta Wait & Watch Now, coming back to Prabhas & Shraddha, only time will tell whether Prabhas and Shraddha's on-screen chemistry will do wonders or not.
What's your opinion on this pair, folks? Please mention your valuable thought in our comment section.
* Bankers expect net interest margins to stabilise in 2017
* Bad loan pressure persists, more debt-for-equity swaps planned
* Bankers upbeat about loan demand, pricing (Recasts, adds Bank of China details)
By Matthew Miller and Shu Zhang
BEIJING, March 31 Improving asset quality and rising loan demand could see some of China's biggest listed banks bolster their profit growth this year, bankers signalled this week, even as interest margins remain under pressure and more bad loans are written off.
"The trend is promising," Yi Huiman, Chairman of Industrial and Commercial Bank of China Ltd (ICBC) , the world's biggest lender, said on Thursday, citing the impact of broad economic recovery.
Pricing for loans is stabilising and may even pick up as the cost of funds rises this year, Yi said.
Net profit at four of China's top five banks grew by less than two percent for last year, and at Bank of China (BoC) , it fell 3.67 percent - its worst performance in more than a decade.
The banks' results showed deteriorating credit quality and high corporate debt leverage continued to be a primary challenge for the industry, as the world's second-largest economy grew at its slowest pace in a quarter of a century.
Difficulties were most evident at BoC where Pan Yuehan, chief risk officer, said on Friday that asset quality "still faced a great challenge" this year.
Bad loans written off and transferred out by the top five banks rose by 16 percent last year to 309.6 billion yuan ($44.95 billion).
Those banks also include China Construction Bank Corp (CCB) , Agricultural Bank of China Ltd (AgBank) and Bank of Communications Co Ltd (BoCom) .
At the same time, profitability in traditional lending fell as net interest margins (NIMs) - the difference between interest earned from borrowers and paid to depositors - narrowed.
At CCB, NIM shrank 43 basis points to 2.20 percent in 2016. At BoC and BoCom, those margins dipped below 1.9 percent.
Bank executives and analysts attribute the margin compression to six central bank benchmark interest rate cuts in 2014-15 alongside changes in taxation and government policy, such as eliminating a ceiling on deposit interest rates.
However, NIMs are stabilising, and earnings for some of the five lenders are widely expected to improve.
Wei Hou, senior equity analyst for China banks at researcher Sanford C. Bernstein, said some banks may see profit increase by 5 percent or more this year.
"Bank management has been very cautious, tightening loan underwriting standards and preventing future credit costs," Hou said.
Prices of the banks' Hong Kong-listed shares have risen 6 to 13 percent so far this year as investors bet on recovery.
Smaller banks will still face pressure, said Dexter Hsu of Macquarie Capital Securities in Taiwan. Tighter liquidity is likely to drive up funding costs in the interbank market, lowering earnings on wealth management products, he noted.
INFRASTRUCTURE BOOST
Beijing's plan to boost investment in infrastructure is creating more long-term loan demand from state-backed borrowers.
Such spending is "very important" to stabilize economic growth, CCB President Wang Zuji said on Thursday. Moreover, as the government is also trying to stimulate consumption, CCB will lend more to small companies and retail borrowers.
"This year, corporate loan demand is stronger than last year, especially in urban infrastructure construction and transportation," noted ICBC President Gu Shu.
Earlier this month, China's Premier Li Keqiang told banks "to focus on their main business" and "strengthen their ability to serve the real economy."
Banks are trying various means of reducing non-performing loans. As well as big write-offs, the banks are swapping questionable debt into equity, saving the amount of money they would have to set aside should such debt turn bad.
Debt-to-equity deals are part of a wider government campaign to restructure mainly state-owned enterprise debt.
By the end of last year, 12,836 creditor committees had been set up nationwide, examining borrowing of 14.85 trillion yuan, representing 17 percent of all commercial bank loans, banking regulator statistics show.
Since October, banks have signed about 500 billion yuan in debt-to-equity swaps in mostly state-owned coal and steel enterprises, according to analysts who expect the amount to double this year.
CCB's Wang said he expected swaps to reach 300 billion yuan by the end of March.
AgBank President Zhao Huan on Wednesday said his bank had swap deals with eight firms with 70 billion yuan in total agreements, and was negotiating with over 20 more.
"Leading indicators, including the gap between non-performing loans and overdue loans and the overdue loan ratio, generally are showing positive changes," said ICBC's Yi.
($1 = 6.8875 Chinese yuan renminbi)
(Reporting by Matthew Miller and Shu Zhang; Additional reporting by Engen Tham; Editing by Christopher Cushing and Ian Geoghegan)
Soccer-Capello targets survival and cup run for new club Jiangsu
HONG KONG, June 15 Fabio Capello has set his sights on steering new employers Jiangsu Suning away from the Chinese Super League (CSL) relegation zone and success in the Chinese FA Cup as the Italian prepares for the latest chapter of his long coaching career.
Hong Kong-listed Tencent Mobility was granted Overseas Investment Office approval to buy up to 100 per cent of Kiwi video game developer Grinding Gear Games for more than $100 million.
Tencent Mobility - an online communication, advertising, and gaming service provider - was granted consent to acquire up to 100 per cent of the shares in Grinding Gear Games, 80 per cent up front and the remaining 20 per cent over approximately six years, a summary of the decision released today said.
While no amount was disclosed, the need for OIO approval was triggered because it exceeds $100m.
"Tencent Mobility Ltd has satisfied the OIO that the individuals who will control the investment have the relevant business experience and acumen and are of good character," the OIO said.
Advertisement
"Tencent Mobility Ltd has also demonstrated financial commitment to the investment."
According to the OIO, the shareholders of Grinding Gear Games "wish to realise the value of their investment and to allow the company to grow, by utilising the international connections of Tencent Mobility".
Auckland-based Grinding Gear Games was founded in a New Lynn garage and is best known for creating the Path of Exile online video game that has around 2 million players signed up.
Grinding Gear Games managing director Chris Wilson this month said the deal meant the company could expand and hire more people for its Auckland-based studio.
"We're looking to increase our headcount over the next year from 114 full time employees to around 130," Wilson said. "We're planning to do more expansions for our games, in parallel, and of course bolstering the team will be really useful in achieving that."
Auckland-based Grinding Gear Games is best known for creating the Path of Exile online video game.
Wilson said the deal came about after Tencent last year published its game Path of Exile in China.
"They proposed the deal after they decided they liked us," he said. "There have been many people interested for a number of years but finding someone we knew would be a good fit for us and would let us get on with our own stuff independently was important because we often talk to people who have various plans for our company."
Tencent Mobility is majority owned by Hong-Kong investors and is the world's largest online games company. Its total revenue in the first quarter of 2018 was US$11.7 billion ($16.8b).
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
DUBAI, April 3 The Islamic Development Bank has mandated banks for a U.S. dollar-denominated sukuk, a document issued by one of the lead banks showed on Monday.
The triple A-rated Jeddah-based bank has chosen Boubyan Bank, Emirates NBD Capital, GIB Capital, Goldman Sachs International, HSBC, Maybank, Natixis, and Standard Chartered Bank as joint lead managers and bookrunners.
Subject to market conditions, the fixed rate benchmark sukuk issuance will be launched and priced in the near future, according to the document. (Reporting by Davide Barbuscia; Editing by Greg Mahlich)
Feb 1 (Reuters) - Black Hills Corp:
* QTRLY EARNINGS PER SHARE FROM CONTINUING OPERATIONS $1.30
* REPORTS 2017 FOURTH QUARTER AND FULL YEAR RESULTS
* SEES FY 2018 ADJUSTED NON-GAAP EARNINGS PER SHARE $3.30 TO $3.50 FROM CONTINUING OPERATIONS
* Q4 ADJUSTED NON-GAAP EARNINGS PER SHARE $0.98 FROM CONTINUING OPERATIONS
* SEES CAPITAL SPENDING FOR 2018 OF $431 MILLION‍​
* BLACK HILLS- REDUCED GUIDANCE FOR 2018 EARNINGS PER SHARE FROM CONTINUING OPERATIONS, AS ADJUSTED, TO BE IN RANGE OF $3.30 TO $3.50 PER SHARE​ Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Perfect plan for a warm winter getaway including Aesop gift set and more
Winter at the Park package
Contact
Park Hyatt Seoul
***@hyatt.com Park Hyatt Seoul
End
-- Park Hyatt Seoul is presenting itspackage for a relaxing winter recess from December 1, 2017 to February 28, 2018. The package includes an Aesop skincare gift set with body cleanser, hand balm and facial mist as well. In addition, Suite roome guests can enjoy a complimentary breakfast buffet for two at Cornerstone, a Laboratorio Olfattivo home fragrance diffuser, an in-room winter dessert set and complimentary valet parking. Furthermore, all guestscan access to the hotel's swimming pool, fitness studio and sauna. The package is priced starting at KRW 355,000 for a Park King room and KRW 465,000 for a suite (10% VAT excluded and no service charge applies).Guestsstaying with the Winter at the Park package can enjoy spectacular views of the city from the room'sfloor-to-ceiling window and a gift set from the Australian skin-care brand Aesop, which uses only natural ingredients. This gift set includes rose oil scented body cleanser (200ml), an aromatic hand balm (75ml), and a moisturizing facial hydrosol mist (60ml).Suite guests can enjoy a home-made winter dessert set, including two cups of hot chocolate, cookies, almond chocolates, and semi-dried oranges. The Italian perfume brand Laboratorio Olafttivo's home fragrance diffuserMeloMirtillo (200ml) will offer the fragrance of a warm retreat, complementing the grace of winter with the scent of pomegranates, pineapples, cranberries, raspberries and passion-fruit. In addition, suite guests will also enjoy breakfast buffet for two at Cornerstone wcj and valet parking service.One of Park Hyatt Seoul's highlights is its infinity pool, the unseen edges of which provide guests with the thrilling illusion of the pool's water tumbling into the city from the 24floor. The pool area provides an exotic experience and is perfect for relaxing during the day, taking in sunsets or enjoying stunning views of the city at night throughfloor-to-ceiling windows.: December 1, 2017 – February 28, 2018:From KRW 335,000: From KRW 465,000(Prices are subject to change depending on room type and date of stay)- One night stay in a guest room- Aesop gift set (body cleanser 200ml, hand balm 75ml, facial mist 60ml)- For suite rooms: Cornerstone breakfast buffet for two adults, Laboratorio Olfattivo diffuser 'MeloMirtillo'(200 ml), in-room dessert set and valet parking are additionally provided- Access to Park Club fitness studio, swimming pool and sauna: Reservations +82 2 20161100 or Park Hyatt Seoul +82 2 20161234
Formula One - F1 - Bahrain Grand Prix - Sakhir, Bahrain - 15/04/17 - Ferrari Formula One driver Sebastian Vettel of Germany, Mercedes Formula One driver Valtteri Bottas of Finland and Mercedes Formula One driver Lewis Hamilton of Britain celebrate after the qualifying session. REUTERS/Hamad I Mohammed
Formula One - F1 - Bahrain Grand Prix - Sakhir, Bahrain - 15/04/17 - Ferrari Formula One driver Sebastian Vettel of Germany, Mercedes Formula One driver Valtteri Bottas of Finland and Mercedes Formula One driver Lewis Hamilton of Britain shake hands after the qualifying session. REUTERS/Hamad I Mohammed
MANAMA Lewis Hamilton saw his hopes of a seventh successive Formula One pole position disappear in Bahrain on Saturday but relished the prospect of at least a three-way title battle after Mercedes teammate Valtteri Bottas beat him to the top slot.
The Briton seemed genuinely pleased for the Finn, who arrived in January to replace now-retired world champion Nico Rosberg.
"I think it's great how close it is between the teams because then it brings out the best in each driver," said the triple world champion, whose best lap was a mere 0.023 seconds slower.
Ferrari's Sebastian Vettel, the four-time champion who won the opening race in Australia and had been on the front row for the first two races, was third fastest after dominating Friday practice.
Vettel and Hamilton jointly lead the championship with 43 points each.
"When you feel like you're at your best and you do a good job and you're fighting against someone else who is doing just as good a job, it's that much more exciting and the more drivers we have in the mix then the more tense it gets," said Hamilton.
"I'm really happy it's more than just the two of us. There's going to be lots of ups and downs throughout the year but Valtteri's definitely keeping me on my toes and I'm thoroughly happy for him today."
Mercedes team boss Toto Wolff compared the situation to the tennis rivalry between Rafa Nadal and Roger Federer -- intensely competitive but also rich in respect and sportsmanlike behaviour.
"As a driver, you never want to lose, and you never want to lose against a teammate but equally I see there is a lot of respect for each other," said the Austrian.
That was much in evidence on Saturday, with Hamilton quick to congratulate Bottas before they joined Vettel in the news conference.
The Briton has 63 poles in a phenomenal career that has made him the second most successful driver of all-time, in terms of race wins if not titles, but he could remember his first as clearly as last weekend's in China.
"He really deserved that lap and his first pole...I know how special it is to have your first pole position. It is just amazing," said Hamilton.
"You dream of it as a kid and I know that he will be enjoying it and tomorrow could be his first Grand Prix win.
"Obviously, I will try my hardest to win the race but whichever the case, he's going to have one (victory) at some stage this year. If it's not tomorrow it will be...because he's getting stronger and stronger."
(Reporting by Alan Baldwin; Editing by Ian Chadband)
Two women, two parallel lives, 70 years apart… both hit by a terrible tragedy and both beset by secrets and lies.
The invisible threads of fate are drawing together their dramatic stories at a beautiful Jacobean mansion deep in the Oxfordshire countryside, a place where hidden truths will finally be revealed.
Lulu Taylor, queen of a string of classic winter-warming novels like The Snow Rose and The Winter Children, casts a snow-spangled spell in a gripping, dark-edged and atmospheric mystery which comes ice-packed with intrigue, menace and romance, and stars two young widows facing up to deceit and betrayal.
In 1947, the worst winter in decades hits England, cutting off the inhabitants of Kings Harcourt Manor, a house dating back to the Elizabethan and Jacobean periods. For Thomasina (Tommy) Elliot, widowed at the start of war, it is particularly hard because the burden of taking care of the family falls on her.
She has the solace of her two children, Antonia and Harry, and the interesting presence of her brother's friend, Fred Burton Brown, who was badly burned in an accident during the war years in North Africa.
But there is also Tommy's difficult and constantly sniping mother, and Barbara Hastings, a manipulative, mysterious figure from her past who has turned up unexpectedly needing a temporary home and who appears to want a piece of Tommy's future as well.
In the present day, we meet Caitlyn Balfour who thinks her marriage to good-looking businessman Patrick is a success. He might be a ‘controlling perfectionist' who has talked Caitlyn into sending their only child Max to a boarding prep school… but Patrick is one of the few people not to fall head over heels for her friend Sara, a pre-Raphaelite style beauty who seems to catch the eye of every man.
She thought they were happy until Patrick is killed in a road accident after phoning her only minutes before with a strange, garbled message saying he had something to tell her about Sara.
With her existence turned upside down, Caitlyn is forced to reassess everything she thought about her marriage, what she truly knows about Patrick, and his real feelings for her best friend. In the refuge of an old manor house in Oxfordshire, she begins to discover the truth…
Taylor has evolved into an exciting and talented novelist, immersing her readers in compelling, beautifully written stories which deliver emotion, rich psychological insight, intrigue and suspense as well as plenty of stunning twists and turns.
In Her Frozen Heart, she cleverly weaves between the fortunes of Caitlyn and Tommy, exploring fascinating similarities in their fraught situations but also exposing the vast differences between the privations, rationing and social restrictions of women in the tough post-war period and the experiences and pressures of women in the 21st century.
Thrilling, escapist and provocative, this is the perfect fireside read for winter nights!
(Pan, paperback, £7.99)
By James Agberebi: Former Nigeria international Nwankwo Kanu has expressed optimism that the Super Eagles will secure qualification for the 2018 FIFA World Cup in Russia.
A win against the Chipolopolo of Zambia on Saturday in Uyo will see the Eagles qualify for their sixth FIFA World Cup appearance.
The Eagles currently lead Group B on 10 points and are closely followed by Zambia who have seven points.
African champions Cameroon and Algeria, who are both out of the qualifiers, are third and fourth with three points and one point respectively.
Kanu who was in the Eagles squads to France 1998, Korea/Japan 2002 and South Africa 2010, called on Nigeria fans to come out and cheer the team to victory on Saturday.
“KAN You believe, I believe. Let's support the Super Eagles to victory. Russia here we come,” Kanu wrote on his instagram page on Friday.
In the reverse fixture played in Ndola lastOctober, the Eagles pipped Zambia 2-1.
Read Also: Aaron: Eagles'll Bag Russia 2018 Ticket In Uyo, Not in Algeria
REVERSE ERECTILE DYSFUNCTION Within 3Days And Make Her Happy Again!! Guaranteed!!! All NATURAL! No Side-Effects! Click Here!now.
Uncover how I make $750 weekly on Facebook using never been revealed Social Media tools.
May 1 Nzx Ltd:
* Revenue in NZX's markets business was up 3.7 pct on Q1 2016
* Total trading activity declined in Q1 relative to record levels seen in 2016, with total number of trades down 5.1 pct
* For Q1, excluding impact of certain disposals, group revenue was up 3 pct Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
MAIDUGURI, Nigeria Nigeria's military on Monday released 593 people after clearing them of having ties with the Islamist militant group Boko Haram, a spokesman said.
The military has arrested thousands in its fight against the insurgency aimed at creating an Islamic caliphate in the northeast, now in its eighth year, which has killed over 20,000 people and forced more than two million to flee their homes.
The chief of army staff directed that those arrested be "released unconditionally if found not to have anything to do with insurgency or Boko Haram", said Brigadier General Abdulraman Kuliya.
He added that the 593 who were freed had been arrested in multiple locations, held for varying lengths of time up to three months and were comprised of elderly people, men, women and children.
The military said they were handed over to the state government in Borno - the birthplace of the insurgency.
Attacks or attempted attacks bearing the hallmarks of Boko Haram in crowded areas have escalated since the end of the rainy season late last year. However, most have either been foiled or the suicide bombers managed only to blow themselves up.
In the most recent attack, two female suicide bombers detonated explosives on the edge of the university in Borno state capital Maiduguri on Monday, blowing themselves up but causing no other casualties.
(Writing by Alexis Akwagyiram; Editing by Toby Chopra)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
FILE - In this Nov. 17, 2016, file photo, retired Lt. Gen Michael Flynn talks to media as he arrives at Trump Tower in New York. On Nov. 17 President-elect Trump offered Flynn the job of national security adviser. (AP Photo/Carolyn Kaster, File)
WASHINGTON (AP) — A timeline of key dates leading to the resignation of White House National Security Adviser Michael Flynn:
Nov. 17 — President-elect Donald Trump offers former military intelligence chief Michael Flynn the job of national security adviser.
Dec. 25 — According to incoming Press Secretary Sean Spicer, Flynn sends a text to Russian Ambassador Sergey Kislyak "wishing him a Merry Christmas and a Happy New Year" and saying he looks forward "to touching base with you and working with you, and I wish you all the best." Spicer says the ambassador texted Flynn back, "wishing him a Merry Christmas as well."
Dec. 29 — The United States retaliates against Russian hacking aimed at influencing the U.S. election. President Barack Obama announces sanctions against Russian intelligence services and their top officials, kicking out 35 Russian officials and closing down two Russian-owned compounds in the U.S. Flynn texts the ambassador and the two speak by phone. Spicer later says the call was "centered on the logistics of setting up a call" between Trump and President Vladimir Putin.
Dec. 30 — Putin announces he won't immediately retaliate against Obama's sanctions, breaking from a pattern of angry denunciations of U.S. penalties. The Russian leader says he plans to restore U.S. ties "based on the policies that will be carried out by the administration of President D. Trump." Trump later praises Putin's restraint on Twitter. "Great move on delay (by V. Putin) - I always knew he was very smart!" he writes.
Jan. 13 — A senior U.S. official tells The Associated Press that the Obama administration is aware of contacts between Flynn and Kislyak, including one on Dec. 29. Spicer denies the timing of the call, then later acknowledges it. Spicer says Flynn and Kislyak did not discuss sanctions. They only discussed logistics, he said, "that was it, plain and simple."
Jan. 15 — Vice President Mike Pence repeats that denial in an interview with CBS's "Face the Nation." Flynn and Kislyak "did not discuss anything having to do with the United States' decision to expel diplomats or impose censure against Russia" in their conversations, he says.
Jan. 23 — Spicer says in his first scheduled press conference that he'd spoken with Flynn the night before and was assured that the sanctions were not a topic that was discussed in Flynn's calls with Kislyak.
Jan. 26 — The Justice Department informs White House Counsel Don McGahn that the White House denials contradict what intelligence officials knew to be true based on routine recordings of communications with foreign officials who are in the U.S. The White House says Trump and other senior advisers were "immediately" informed of the issue. Trump's tasks the White House counsel's office to begin looking into the legal issues involved, Spicer said.
Jan. 28 — Flynn is photographed sitting in the Oval Office as the president speaks with Putin by phone.
Feb. 1 — Flynn continues to serve in full capacity. He makes a surprise appearance at a daily White House briefing and delivers a message to Iran. "As of today, we are officially putting Iran on notice," he says.
Feb. 8 — Flynn again denies that he'd discussed sanctions with Kislyak, according to The Washington Post.
Feb. 9 — Flynn, through his spokesman, backs away from his comments, according to the Post. A spokesman for Flynn tells the paper "that while he had no recollection of discussing sanctions, he couldn't be certain that the topic never came up." Citing U.S. officials, the Post publishes a report stating that Flynn did discuss U.S. sanctions against Russia with Kislyak during the month Trump took office, despite administration officials' denials. The report also suggests Flynn had misled Pence.
Feb. 10 — Trump is asked about the Post report. "I haven't seen them. I'll look into them," he says. Flynn meets with Pence and speaks with him by phone.
Feb. 13 — Flynn delivers the president's daily briefing, sits in on his calls with foreign leaders and joins his meetings with Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau. Around 5 p.m., White House adviser Kellyanne Conway tells reporters that the president has "full confidence" in Flynn. Less than an hour later, Spicer tells reporters that the president is "evaluating the situation." Shortly after, the Post breaks the news of the earlier Justice Department warning. Flynn submits his resignation. Keith Kellogg is named acting national security adviser. Flynn is spotted walking down the hallway that leads from the Oval Office to his office just after 10 p.m.
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Jinke Property Group Co Ltd :
* Says it completed divestiture of 100 percent stake in a Chongqing-based door & window unit
Source text in Chinese: goo.gl/mHjUrF
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
THE Minister of Lands, Agriculture and Rural Resettlement has warned people buying and selling meat from cattle affected by a tick-borne disease that they face arrest.
Minister Perrance Shiri said this following reports circulating on social media that villagers are selling meat from cattle that would have died of January Disease which is also known as Theileriosis, to butcheries at cheap prices.
“The ministry received reports of villagers selling cattle affected by January Disease to local butcheries and I want to reiterate that the law will catch up with them soon,” said Minister Shiri.
“We are aware that villagers have lost their cattle since December last year but people's health is more important that they must not risk life in order to get the few dollars offered by butcheries.
“Both farmers and buyers of these cattle will be arrested and face the wrath of the law if caught so let them be warned and consider people's health first.
“We are urging farmers to take their cattle for dipping and report to veterinary officers quickly for help whenever they discover symptoms of Theileriosis,” said Minister Shiri.
Messages circulating on social media suggest that villagers in areas like Buhera in Manicaland province and Musana, Bindura in Mashonaland province lost their cattle to January Disease and are finding their markets to dispose of the meat.
The prices for selling the carcasses range between $50 and $80 and they are delivered in towns during the night.
At least 2,000 cattle have died of January Disease between December and March.
The government has blamed the deaths on lack of dipping chemicals and fake chemicals on the market. H metro
BRATISLAVA Slovakia's parliament paved the way on Thursday to cancel amnesties granted by former Prime Minister Vladimir Meciar to his secret service chief and 12 others for the 1995 kidnapping of the then president's son.
The legislature passed a constitutional amendment that allows it to revoke the pardons. Many politicians have condemned them but long insisted they were irrevocable.
Many Slovaks see the pardons as a state-sponsored crime that went unpunished and a symbol of the country's slide from democratic rule under Meciar. Cancelling the amnesties will allow prosecutors to resume investigating the abduction.
A movie based on the kidnapping of former president Michal Kovac's son - also named Michal - has already become the most popular Slovak film ever. Its opening weekend earlier this month topped even those of the very popular Harry Potter movies.
The constitutional change, backed by 124 out of 150 lawmakers, allows parliament to cancel the amnesties. The Constitutional Court would have to confirm this within 60 days.
"We have created a mechanism to once and for all bury this problem and heal this trauma," parliamentary speaker Andrej Danko said before the vote.
"This is a historic moment. I believe we have started a journey to cancellation of the amnesties and the return of justice into our country," said deputy speaker Bela Bugar.
The actual cancellation vote was expected next week, he added.
Kovac was a symbol of resistance to Meciar, under whose rule Slovakia was denied an initial invitation to join the EU and NATO along with its central European post-communist neighbours.
Madeleine Albright, then the United States Secretary of State, called the country "the black hole of Europe".
Meciar denied any responsibility for the kidnapping earlier this month.
While he was interim president after Kovac's term expired, Meciar granted amnesties that prevented prosecution of 13 people, including a close ally who was head of the country's secret service (SIS), on suspicion they kidnapped Kovac's son to Austria, where he was dumped outside a police station.
A secret service agent who gave evidence on the case fled abroad due to fear for his life. A friend who helped him escape died when his car was blown up in 1996.
When Kovac died last October, current President Andrej Kiska urged lawmakers to cancel the amnesties.
An opinion poll last month showed 63 percent of Slovaks want the amnesties cancelled. More than 84,000 Slovaks have signed an online petition, the biggest such survey in Slovakia's history.
(Reporting by Tatiana Jancarikova; Editing by Tom Heneghan)
The lessons to be learned from the Conservatives' poor showing in the election could fill more pages than the national curriculum. Don't unleash on the public a manifesto which has not even been tested among senior ministers. Don't think you can get through a seven-week election campaign by endlessly repeating the same mantra, especially when you are being ridiculed for it. Don't underestimate how quickly public opinion can change. Sell yourself, your party and its ideas, rather than just attacking your opponent.
Yet there is a serious danger that Theresa May and the rest of the Tory party could pick up the wrong message. There is a growing narrative that the Tories lost their majority because voters did not really want Brexit, even though four in five voted for parties whose manifesto promised Brexit. The party of Remain, the Liberal Democrats, did not manage to rally many people to its cause. The country has moved on from the EU referendum even if certain politicians (and David Cameron) have not.
The more interesting discussion is about what Britain would look like after Brexit, a conversation the Tories did not really start. Which brings us to the next wrong lesson from the election: that the public have voted against ‘austerity'. It must be tempting for MPs who have survived an electoral fright to think that opening the spending taps could save them from oblivion. But piling debt on to the next generation is as immoral now as it was in 2010, when a combination of recession and Gordon Brown's overspending nearly collapsed the economy.
‘Austerity' is just a populist phrase to describe good economic sense. There is nothing really austere about our public spending, which has grown year-on-year. In spite of cuts to some budgets, the government is still borrowing about £50 billion a year — overall government debt has doubled since the crash to stand at £1.7 trillion. Paying interest on that debt already costs more than educating our children, and almost as much as defence. And that is with interest rates at historic lows.
An internal Labour party report into why Ed Miliband lost concluded that the Tories triumph was not in spite of ‘austerity' but because of it: ‘Labour lost because voters did not believe it would cut the deficit.' Why would voters who two years ago rejected Labour spending plans now accept Jeremy Corbyn's much more irresponsible plans? Perhaps because the Conservatives did not raise the subject until the final week of the campaign, and only then with the facile jibe about Corbyn's ‘money tree'.
Theresa May's single biggest error was the failure to provide proper costings in her manifesto, which robbed her of any authority to criticise Labour's figures. It allowed Corbyn to get away with promising largesse to various parts of the electorate without proper scrutiny. Had it been applied, the size of Labour's tax bombshell might have focused minds. The argument was, and is, there for the making: the corporation tax rate has plunged, yet UK companies are paying more tax than ever before. The 50p rate of income tax was abolished and, as a result, the highest-paid are shouldering an ever larger share of the tax burden. Since the cuts started, eight jobs have been created in the private sector for every public sector role that has been shed. The Conservatives lost their nerve in the campaign and failed to make the case for conservatism. It would be disastrous if, as a result, they felt they had to ditch it altogether. The point about Tory reforms is that they were progressive; welfare reform was tough, but it helped so many back to work that the incomes of the lowest-paid rose faster than any other group under David Cameron. Conservative reforms led to record employment, and forced inequality to a 30-year low.
The Tories can proudly talk about social justice, fairness and equality — and show how Conservative reforms are the surest route to success. If the party has a nervous breakdown now, and decides (for example) that this election result was somehow a demand for a soft Brexit, then it will make a bad situation far worse. Jeremy Corbyn has presented himself as some kind of novel political force, yet his success is really down to a trick which is as old as democracy itself: bribing the people with their own money.
What is new is that no one challenged him. Where it took Gordon Brown a decade to ruin the public finances, Corbyn and John McDonnell would, between them, achieve that in months. Yet the Tories never make that point.
Thankfully, Jeremy Corbyn did not win the election, and — at least for now — Labour will not have the chance to do as it has always done in office: spend and borrow its way into an economic crisis. That is why the Conservatives almost always lead the polls when it comes to questions of economic competence. The tax cuts worked, welfare reform led to a jobs boom. But an addiction to self-flagellation (and an obsession with Brexit) has stopped the Tories from playing their strongest card.
UPDATE 9-UPS worker kills 3 colleagues in San Francisco, turns gun on himself
SAN FRANCISCO, June 14 A UPS driver opened fire with a handgun inside a United Parcel Service Inc delivery center in San Francisco on Wednesday, killing three co-workers before fatally shooting himself as police closed in, authorities and company officials said.
TORONTO, April 12 Canada's main stock index opened slightly lower on Wednesday, while BlackBerry Ltd shares received a sharp boost after an arbitration panel ruled that chipmaker Qualcomm Inc must refund it $814.9 million in royalty payments.
The Toronto Stock Exchange's S&P/TSX composite index was down 27.92 points, or 0.18 percent, at 15,69919 shortly after the open, as its heavyweight financial, energy and materials sectors all lost ground. (Reporting by Alastair Sharp)
April 3 Lockheed Martin Corp:
* Joint Battle Management system used by all air wings of U.S. Military to plan and execute air operations will be sustained by co
* Under a contract worth approximately $38 million, Lockheed Martin will support theater battle management core system Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
April 20 Danish jewellery maker Pandora says:
* Has decided to update its reporting structure to ensure that it more appropriately reflects the performance of the underlying business drivers
* "Our updated financial reporting structure will provide greater clarity around the development of our owned and operated retail business, which is making a growing contribution to Group revenue"
* Since 2012, revenue from PANDORA owned concept stores has increased at an annual average growth rate of approximately 80 percent
* "And we anticipate that from 2017 revenue from PANDORA owned concept stores will surpass the reported revenue from franchise concept stores"
* The financial guidance is unchanged and the content of this release will have no impact on PANDORA's outlook for 2017, it adds
* A conference call for investors and financial analysts will be held Thursday 1000 CEST (0800 GMT)
* For more detail, click here Further company coverage: (Reporting by Stine Jacobsen)
(Adds further appointments)
By Yoruk Bahceli
LONDON, May 2 (IFR) - Natixis has appointed Christopher Lovgren as head of global high-yield corporate distribution and trading, a newly created job.
The role is designed to allow the French bank to cater for the increasing overlap between the bond and loan markets, according to the bank.
Lovgren moves to the role from loan syndications, where he has been global head since 2013. He will report to Selim Mehrez, global head of fixed income.
The French bank has also appointed its head of global markets research, Christophe Ricetti, as global head of cash equity. He reports to Luc Francois, head of global markets.
Denis Pronteau replaces Ricetti as head of global markets research, covering economics, credit and equity. Pronteau moves from being head of global markets for America.
(Reporting by Yoruk Bahceli, Additional reporting by Christopher Spink. Editing by Julian Baker and Helene Durand)
Britain Soccer Football - Stoke City v Hull City - Premier League - bet365 Stadium - 15/4/17 Stoke City's Jack Butland during the warm up session before the match Action Images via Reuters / Carl Recine Livepic
Stoke City have the quality to win their next few matches and ensure they finish the season strongly, goalkeeper Jack Butland has said.
Stoke, who have finished in the top half of the Premier League table in each of the last three seasons, are currently 11th with five games to play and ended a four-match losing streak beating Hull City 3-1 on Saturday.
They are one point outside the top half, having played one game more than 10th-placed Watford and two more than ninth-placed Southampton, who they face in the final game of the season.
"There is still the belief we can reach our targets and we have the players to do it. It's in our own hands and it always has been," Butland told the club's website. (www.stokecityfc.com)
Stoke travel to third-bottom Swansea City on Saturday before facing 13th-placed West Ham United and 16th-placed Bournemouth, and host top four-chasing Arsenal in the penultimate match of their campaign.
"The next three games are against sides that are struggling at the bottom of the table and who are going to fight to win points," Butland added. "We then have two big games to finish with against Arsenal and Southampton.
"Every game will have something riding on it and I think that's good, because if there were a few 'nothing' games then it would be a bit more difficult, but with everything at stake in each of them then it is right up our street."
Butland, who was on the bench against Hull, has not played this season due to a long-term ankle injury.
(Reporting by Aditi Prakash in Bengaluru; Editing by Gareth Jones)
PRESS DIGEST-Canada - June 15
June 15 The following are the top stories from selected Canadian newspapers. Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy.
U.S. President Donald Trump departs the White House in Washington, U.S. April 28, 2017. REUTERS/Kevin Lamarque
A funny thing happened on Wall Street in Donald Trump's first 100 days in the White House: Shares of companies that got closest to the president lagged the market's march higher.
Read our analysis here.
We also have graphics and interactives on:
S&P performance by sector
Hope vs. Reality in the currency and bond markets
Who has Trump's ear?
The math behind Trump's trade plans - such as the renegotiation of NAFTA - might be wrong. Reuters' Howard Schneider tells you why.
In non-presidential news:
Tesla is recruiting engineers from Mexico as part of its push to mass produce its Model 3.
General Motors reported a record quarterly profit.
A U.S. appeals court blocked health insurer Anthem bid to merge with Cigna.
HELSINKI The last time Scott Moir and Tessa Virtue turned up at a major global competition, they poured their hearts out about how being in a coach-share situation with their main ice dance rivals left them feeling rather neglected.
So the Canadians would never enter into such an agreement again, right?
Wrong.
While it may come as no surprise that they chose to cut ties with Russian-born coach Marina Zoueva, who had guided Virtue and Moir to the 2010 Olympic title before repeating the feat four years later with Americans Meryl Davis and Charlie White, what is surprising is the camp they defected to.
Back after a two-season hiatus, they are now coached by former Canadian ice dancers Marie-France Dubreuil and Patrice Lauzon, who also happen to be the guiding force behind current world champions Gabriella Papadakis and Guillaume Cizeron.
Having accused Zoueva of "not being in our corner" during the run-up to the Sochi Games, where Virtue and Moir ended up with silver, should they not have known better than entering another crowded coaching school bursting with star pupils?
Moir said the passage of time has shown him that the pros of training with their number one rivals far outweigh the cons.
"We are very lucky we train beside Gabby and Guillaume but it is a different situation," Moir said as he prepared to return to a world championships arena for the first time since 2013.
"There are times in the rink when we really miss training with Meryl and Charlie. We had a great rivalry and looking back with hindsight and seeing how much we pushed each other.
"Even though we did not come up the ranks with Gabby and Guillaume, it's very similar."
During the 2010-2014 Olympic cycle, Virtue and Moir tossed major titles back and forth with Davis and White until the Americans embarked on a 22-month winning streak which culminated with the Sochi triumph.
That competition drew a line under the rivalry as Davis and White called time on their skating career, while Virtue and Moir realised they were not done with the sport.
That hunger has carried them to six straight titles since they made their comeback at the start of the season and they credited the training set up with Papadakis and Cizeron for the success.
"It's motivating to watch younger teams excel," added Moir, who will be targeting a third successive Olympic medal in Pyeongchang next February.
"They're extremely talented. It does push you. You are always trying to figure out little things. We watch figure skating with a much more positive spin on it."
Virtue, who won the last of her two world titles in 2012, added: "We feel like we're right back in our element and it feels like this is where we should be.
"The competitive spirit never left. It also feels fresh and invigorating and a lot of that has to do with our new team and new training location in Montreal."
(Reporting by Pritha Sarkar, editing by Ian Ransom)
ABC News(NEW YORK) — Millions of commuters from New York to Boston are in for slick conditions Friday morning as a storm system moving through the Northeast will deliver rain, snow and freezing temperatures.
Snow fell overnight in Pennsylvania, upstate New York, Connecticut and in other parts of New England that saw several inches of accumulation.
Heading into the weekend, a storm system from the Pacific Northwest that is moving into the Midwest and Great Lakes area may bring several inches of snow to Minneapolis, Detroit and Chicago.
The heaviest expected snowfalls will be near the Great Lakes region and inland Northeast, as well as New England. Washington, D.C. and Boston may see rain on Sunday.
The Midwest and Northeast also will be blasted by Arctic air, dropping temperatures in some places into the teens or single digits. At 10 a.m., it will be about 10 degrees in New York.
The wind chill early Saturday morning in parts of the Northeast will be below zero.
More Arctic air is expected to move into the Upper Midwest and Great Lakes area on Sunday, just in time for the Super Bowl, which will be played inside U.S. Bank Stadium, home of the Minnesota Vikings, as temperatures outside may be the coldest in the 52-year history of the game.
Copyright © 2018, ABC Radio. All rights reserved.
An LPG tanker has overturned on a main road between Manawatu and Hawke's Bay, forcing traffic diversions at Ashhurst and Woodville.
Remarkably, it's understood the driver walked away from the crushed cab.
The NZ Transport Agency said Saddle Rd would be closed for at least the remainder of the day to allow crews to safely unload fuel from the rolled tanker.
The road was a major link in the lower North Island after the indefinite closure of the Manawatu Gorge because of presistent rockfalls.
Advertisement
Regional transport system manager Ross I'Anson said a special pump and tanker was needed to carry out the work safely and the nearest available one would come from New Plymouth.
"Once the pump rig arrives, we are told it will be a slow process to safely remove the gas from the overturned tanker," I'Anson said.
"We anticipate the Saddle Rd will be closed all day and possibly overnight."
A detour was in place over the Pahiatua Track and road users were asked to avoid Saddle Rd area.
'He's got a gun!' The scene at congressional baseball practice
hello
President Donald Trump speaks in the Diplomatic Room of the White House in Washington, Wednesday, June 14, 2017, about the shooting in Alexandria, Va. where House Majority Whip Steve Scalise of La., and others, where shot during a Congressional baseball practice.
Rep. Joe Barton, R-Texas, with Rep. Pat Meehan, R-Pa., left, arrives on Capitol Hill in Washington, Wednesday, June 14, 2017, for a security briefing after a gunman opened fire at a congressional baseball practice wounding House Majority Whip Steve Scalise of La., and others, in Alexandria, Va.
Rep. Chuck Fleischmann, R-Tenn., still wearing his baseball shirt, describes for reporters on Capitol Hill in Washington, Wednesday, June 14, 2017, the scene at a congressional baseball practice in Alexandria, Va., earlier where a gunman opened fire wounding House Majority Whip Steve Scalise, R-La. during a Congressional baseball practice.
Law enforcement officers investigate the scene of a shooting near a baseball field in Alexandria, Va., Wednesday, June 14, 2017, where House Majority Whip Steve Scalise of La. was shot at a Congressional baseball practice.
President Donald Trump arrives in the Diplomatic Room of the White House in Washington, Wednesday, June 14, 2017, to talk about the shooting in Alexandria, Va. where House Majority Whip Steve Scalise of La., and others, where shot during a Congressional baseball practice.
This photo from Facebook shows James T. Hodgkinson. A government official says Hodgkinson is the suspect in the Virginia shooting that injured Rep. Steve Scalise and several others. (Facebook via AP)
FILE -- In this March 8, 2017 file photo, House Majority Whip Steve Scalise of La. speaks on Capitol Hill in Washington. Scalise was shot Wednesday, June 14, 2017, at a congressional baseball practice in Alexandria, Va., congressional officials say.
In this undated file photo, James Hodgkinson holds a sign during a protest outside of a United States Post Office in Belleville, Ill. Hodgkinson has been identified as the suspect in the Wednesday, June 14, 2017, Washington D.C. shooting. (Derik Holtmann/Belleville News-Democrat via AP)
A Capitol Hill Police officer walks past an automobile with the driver's window damaged at the scene of a shooting in Alexandria, Va., Wednesday, June 14, 2017, where House Majority Whip Steve Scalise of La. was shot at a Congressional baseball practice.
Police and emergency personnel are seen near the scene where House Majority Whip Steve Scalise of La. was shot during a Congressional baseball practice in Alexandria, Va., Wednesday, June 14, 2017. (AP Photo/Cliff Owen)
House Majority Whip Steve Scalise of Louisiana was shot Wednesday at a congressional baseball practice in Alexandria, Virginia, congressional officials say. (AP Photo/Alex Brandon)
Alexandria, Va. Police Chief Michael Brown speaks about the shooting in Alexandria, Va., Wednesday, June 14, 2017, where House Majority Whip Steve Scalise of La. was shot at a Congressional baseball practice. (AP Photo/Alex Brandon)
Rep. Mo Brooks, R-Ala. meets with reporters in Alexandria, Va., Wednesday, June 14, 2017, after House Majority Whip Steve Scalise of La. was shot by a rifle-wielding gunman at a congressional baseball practice just outside of Washington. (AP Photo/Cliff Owen)
FBI Evidence Response Team members mark evidence at the scene of a multiple shooting in Alexandria, Va., Wednesday, June 14, 2017, involving House Majority Whip Steve Scalise of La., and others during a congressional baseball practice.
The Republican lawmakers and their aides had nearly finished batting practice at an Alexandria park Wednesday when they heard a single crack through the sticky early-morning air. For a moment, the field went quiet as they wondered what the noise was.
"He's got a gun!" someone shouted.
Then came a torrent of bullets, and there, behind a chain-link fence near third base, was a man with a rifle.
One round hit Steve Scalise, the majority whip from Louisiana, in the hip, dropping him to the ground. He screamed and then dragged himself to the grass outfield as a trail of blood streaked the dirt.
"Hit the ground!" people yelled.
Rep. Mo Brooks, R-Ala., who was holding a bat and waiting to hit, briefly hid before diving into the first-base dugout, where about a dozen people had taken cover. Inside, he found Zack Barth, a legislative aide who, after being struck in the leg, had hobbled all the way across the field.
"It's not bad," Barth assured him.
"Dude, you've got a hole in your calf," Brooks responded, before cinching a tourniquet above the wound.
The 10-year-old son of Rep. Joe Barton, Texas, who coaches the GOP congressional baseball team, dove for cover under an SUV. Some of the 20 or so people at the field sprinted into the nearby dog park as others leapt a fence and fled. All around, bullets whistled overhead and ricocheted off the ground, spraying bits of gravel into the air.
"It was bedlam," Brooks said.
By then, Rep. Barry Loudermilk, R-Ga., had already hidden behind a wooden shack beyond the dugout.
In front of him were two members of Scalise's security detail who had just popped out of a black SUV. In suits and with guns drawn, they returned fire.
"Are you friendly? Are you friendly?" Sen. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz., screamed at one of them.
"Yes," the man shouted back.
The shooter, wearing jeans and a blue shirt, methodically moved along the outside the fence toward home plate, easing his way in their direction.
Then another burst of gunfire.
Chunks of bark exploded off an oak tree just behind Loudermilk, an Air Force veteran, as he realized that Matt Mika, a Tyson Foods lobbyist, was sprawled across the ground with a bullet wound in his chest. Every time they moved to help him, Loudermilk said, more shooting erupted.
"Someone help me," screamed a woman nearby who had been walking her four dogs and was now lying flat on the dirt. When no one could get to her, she belly-crawled under a car.
By then, the two Capitol Police officers, David Bailey and Crystal Griner, were in an intense, close-range firefight with the gunman, later identified as 66-year-old James T. Hodgkinson from Belleville, Illinois.
Griner took a round to the ankle and slumped to the ground.
In an effort to draw fire away from the lawmakers, Loudermilk said, Bailey shifted his position and was struck by shrapnel -- but kept returning fire.
"If it hadn't have been for those two officers," Loudermilk said, "it would have been a carnage."
Within minutes, Alexandria police arrived, their sirens wailing.
Just as one of those officers emerged from a car, Loudermilk said, Hodgkinson fired at her but missed, blowing out the window of a car on the street.
"There were people lying on the ground screaming, but he was targeting us," Loudermilk said. "He wasn't shooting at any of those folks. He was targeting members."
More officers arrived, flushing the gunman from his cover. By then, Loudermilk said, Hodgkinson had switched from his rifle to a pistol.
"Drop your weapon," an officer shouted at 7:14 a.m. When he didn't, they shot him.
Hodgkinson, who later died, was a home inspector who had volunteered for Sen. Bernie Sanders's presidential campaign. A Facebook page believed to belong to him included a post that reads: "Trump is a Traitor. Trump Has Destroyed Our Democracy. It's Time to Destroy Trump & Co."
Hodgkinson, investigators said later, had been living out of his white cargo van since March. He had been hanging out for weeks -- often early in the morning -- at the YMCA next to the park. He often talked with former Alexandria Mayor William Euille, who tended to work out around the same time.
Euille didn't make it to the YMCA on Wednesday morning but learned from a manager that Hodgkinson had come to the gym. Around 7 a.m., Hodgkinson walked toward the ballfield.
President Donald Trump urged Americans to come together as he assumed the role of national unifier for one of the first times in his presidency. Trump later visited the hospital where Scalise was recovering.
Proceedings were canceled for the day in the House, and instead Speaker Paul Ryan of Wisconsin and Democratic leader Nancy Pelosi of California issued their own calls for unity. "An attack on one of us is an attack on all of us," Ryan said, to prolonged applause.
Shortly after the shooting, Sanders said on the Senate floor that the shooter apparently was a volunteer for his campaign last year. Sanders said he denounced the violence "in the strongest possible terms."
About 10 minutes before the shooting began, Reps. Jeff Duncan, S.C., and Ron DeSantis, Fla., said they spoke to a man they now believe was Hodgkinson.
Duncan, who was just about to leave the practice field, said he "asked me if the team practicing was a Democrat or Republican team."
"I told him they were Republicans," Duncan recalled. "He said, 'OK, thanks,' turned around."
The congressmen didn't learn until later what had happened.
"I'm making the assumption," Duncan said, "he was targeting Republicans."
During the rampage, which began just after 7 a.m., bullets whizzed by neighborhood front porches and shattered windows at the adjacent YMCA.
"People were shaking," said Charles Halloran, who lives about a block from the park.
When the gunfire stopped and Flake heard someone say the shooter was down, he sprinted out to Scalise, who asked for water. Flake pressed his hand against the wound until someone cut away his uniform and a doctor applied gauze to stem the bleeding. He then found Scalise's phone and called his wife so she wouldn't hear what had happened through a news report.
Bailey, one of the officers who had been injured, limped out onto the field to check on the lawmaker he had fought to protect.
Meanwhile, Loudermilk rushed to Mika. The congressman knelt and prayed with him as paramedics flooded the area, scrambling to treat six different people -- including the shooter -- who had been injured.
Soon, each would be rushed to hospitals. Scalise was in critical condition after surgery at MedStar Washington Hospital Center. Mika's family released a statement saying he, too, was in critical condition after undergoing surgery at George Washington University Hospital for multiple gunshot wounds.
At the Democrats' baseball practice, members were called off the field and held in the dugout under police protection. Several gathered to pray.
Hours after the bloodshed ended, Flake still wore his red-and-white baseball uniform, the word "Republicans" imprinted on the front. He walked, shaken, to his car near the fields.
One person, standing on his balcony overlooking the park, yelled down at him: "We're glad you're safe, Jeff."
• The Associated Press contributed to this report.
* Czech crown jumps after CNB scraps currency cap
* Crown on track for biggest one-day rise in 5-1/2 years
* Euro falls on dovish Draghi comments
* Graphic: World FX rates in 2017 tmsnrt.rs/2egbfVh
By Jemima Kelly
LONDON, April 6 The Czech crown surged almost 1.5 percent to its highest level against the euro since November 2013 on Thursday, after the country's central bank scrapped the cap on the currency it had in place for 3-1/2 years.
Investors had been alert to the possibility that the Czech National Bank could end the intervention regime that has kept the crown on the weak side of 27 per euro as soon as Thursday, meaning the fallout from the move was relatively limited, with little spillover into other currencies and markets.
The crown, though, was on track for its biggest one-day rise against the euro since October 2011, having see-sawed after the announcement - first rising sharply, then falling back, then surging again. Against the dollar, it jumped 1.6 percent.
By 1150 GMT it was trading at 26.70 crowns per euro, up 1.3 percent on the day, having weakened to 27.16 crowns in the minutes following the announcement.
The central bank reiterated it would be ready to step into the market if it needed to smooth excessive currency swings, though it has said it would not reveal any potential intervention levels.
While some traders and strategists speculated that the CNB might already be intervening, ING's head of rates and currency strategy in London, Petr Krpata, said that was unlikely at the current levels.
"We think the CNB would only intervene if you saw excessive moves, like around 10 percent," he said. "They'll be very comfortable about a trading range of between 1.25 and 1.29 (crowns per euro), so we don't think they're intervening."
The CNB's balance sheet showed on Thursday that the central bank's foreign assets - which serve as a rough guide to the bank's purchases of foreign currency - had grown by 8.5 billion euros in March.
The fact that the CNB would not be buying so many euros from now on would not be enough to pull down the euro against any currency other than the Czech crown given the size of the $5 trillion-a-day currency market, said Sandra Strissler, an emerging markets currency strategist in Frankfurt.
"It's a small market; it's not very deep, so the reaction will be limited," she said.
COLD WATER FROM DRAGHI
The euro edged down to $1.0659, close to a three-week low hit earlier after the head of the European Central Bank said he saw no need to deviate from the ECB's policy path, which includes record-low interest rates and bond-buying until at least the end of the year.
The single currency had jumped above $1.09 in March for the first time since early November, after ECB chief Mario Draghi signalled a diminishing urgency for expansionary policy, with investors moving to price in a chance of an interest rate hike in early 2018.
But ECB policymakers have since indicated that markets moved too far in pricing in policy tightening.
Draghi continued in that vein on Thursday, saying that before altering its policy stance, the ECB must have sufficient confidence that inflation would return to target over a medium-term horizon, even when the central bank's expansionary policy was scaled back.
"Draghi made it very clear that he's not intending any change in the forward guidance, that policy still needs to remain expansionary for a very long time, and the more positive outlook depends on this expansionary stance," said Commerzbank currency strategist Esther Reichelt, in Frankfurt.
For Reuters Live Markets blog on European and UK stock markets see reuters://realtime/verb=Open/url=http://emea1.apps.cp.extranet.thomsonreuters.biz/cms/?pageId=livemarkets (Additional reporting by Shinichi Saoshiro in Tokyo; Editing by Toby Davis)
NEW YORK (AP) — Facebook has revealed for the first time just what, exactly, is banned on its service in a new Community Standards document released on Tuesday. It's an updated version of the internal rules the company has used to determine what's allowed and what isn't, down to granular details such as what, exactly, counts as a "credible threat" of violence. The previous public-facing version gave a broad-strokes outline of the rules, but the specifics were shrouded in secrecy for most of Facebook's 2.2 billion users.
Not anymore. Here are just some examples of what the rules ban. Note: Facebook has not changed the actual rules — it has just made them public.
CREDIBLE VIOLENCE
Is there a real-world threat? Facebook looks for "credible statements of intent to commit violence against any person, groups of people, or place (city or smaller)." Is there a bounty or demand for payment? The mention or an image of a specific weapon? A target and at least two details such as location, method or timing? A statement to commit violence against a vulnerable person or group such as "heads-of-state, witnesses and confidential informants, activists, and journalists" counts here too.
Advertisement
Also banned: instructions on "on how to make or use weapons if the goal is to injure or kill people," unless there is "clear context that the content is for an alternative purpose (for example, shared as part of recreational self-defense activities, training by a country's military, commercial video games, or news coverage)."
HATE SPEECH
"We define hate speech as a direct attack on people based on what we call protected characteristics — race, ethnicity, national origin, religious affiliation, sexual orientation, sex, gender, gender identity, and serious disability or disease. We also provide some protections for immigration status," Facebook says. As to what counts as a direct attack, the company says it's any "violent or dehumanizing speech, statements of inferiority, or calls for exclusion or segregation."
There are three tiers of severity, ranging from comparing a protected group to filth or disease to calls to "exclude or segregate" a person our group based on the protected characteristics. Facebook does note that it does "allow criticism of immigration policies and arguments for restricting those policies."
GRAPHIC VIOLENCE
Images of violence against "real people or animals" with comments or captions that contain enjoyment of suffering, humiliation and remarks that speak positively of the violence or "indicating the poster is sharing footage for sensational viewing pleasure" are prohibited. The captions and context matter in this case because Facebook does allow such images in some cases where they are condemned, or shared as news or in a medical setting. Even then, though, the post must be limited so only adults can see them and Facebook adds a warning screen to the post.
CHILD SEXUAL EXPLOITATION
"We do not allow content that sexually exploits or endangers children. When we become aware of apparent child exploitation, we report it to the National Center for Missing and Exploited Children (NCMEC), in compliance with applicable law. We know that sometimes people share nude images of their own children with good intentions; however, we generally remove these images because of the potential for abuse by others and to help avoid the possibility of other people reusing or misappropriating the images," Facebook says. Then, it lists at least 12 specific instances of children in a sexual context, saying the ban includes, but is not limited to these examples. This includes "uncovered female nipples for children older than toddler-age."
ADULT NUDITY AND SEXUAL ACTIVITY
"We understand that nudity can be shared for a variety of reasons, including as a form of protest, to raise awareness about a cause, or for educational or medical reasons. Where such intent is clear, we make allowances for the content. For example, while we restrict some images of female breasts that include the nipple, we allow other images, including those depicting acts of protest, women actively engaged in breast-feeding, and photos of post-mastectomy scarring," Facebook says. That said, the company says it "defaults" to removing sexual imagery to prevent the sharing of non-consensual or underage content. The restrictions apply to images of real people as well as digitally created content, although art — such as drawings, paintings or sculptures — is an exception.
* Zuma rhetoric aimed at ANC's rural base
* President seeks constitutional change
* South Africa has more safeguards than Zimbabwe
By Ed Stoddard
JOHANNESBURG, April 6 President Jacob Zuma's pledge to expropriate South African land is unlikely to lead to violent seizures of farms like those that impoverished neighbouring Zimbabwe, but could still hurt the economy by scaring off investors worried about property rights.
Zuma is fighting to retain control of South Africa against opponents within the ruling African National Congress who want him to resign the party leadership.
The confrontation came to a head last week when Zuma sacked Finance Minister Pravin Gordhan, who was often at odds with the president but widely respected by financial markets and whose dismissal triggered a credit downgrade.
Faced with opposition mainly from urban constituencies within the ANC, the president has doubled down on appeals to the rural poor, renewing promises to change the constitution to expropriate land without compensation and redistribute it.
"You can't have a constitution that keeps people in poverty," he told traditional leaders last week.
Zuma has reminded the party that "expropriation without compensation" was adopted as official policy at the ANC's 2012 conference.
More than two decades after the end of apartheid rule, most of South Africa's land is still in the hands of minority whites. Zuma's ruling ANC has long been committed to the principle of redistributing it.
But the pace has been slow, relying mostly on a "willing buyer, willing seller" policy intended to respect property rights seen as vital to sustaining Africa's most industrialised economy.
South Africa has many safeguards that should prevent the sort of lawlessness and violence that took place when followers of Zimbabwean President Robert Mugabe stormed onto white-owned farms in the early 2000s.
Zuma himself has said South Africa will not embark on the kind of lawless land grabs that saw Zimbabwe slide from breadbasket to basket case. Unlike Zimbabwe, South Africa has a robust, independent judiciary to keep the government in line.
Nor is South Africa as dependent on farming for its income as its northern neighbour: agriculture accounts only for about two percent of gross domestic product.
But the threat to redistribute land could still harm a sector which is a major employer and feeds a drought-prone nation, and any move to curb property rights could have wider economic repercussions by alarming investors in other sectors.
RHETORIC TO REALITY?
Changing the constitution as Zuma says he intends would not be easy, with the ANC so sharply divided over his leadership.
"The checks and balances in South Africa and the waning political support for the ANC itself make it difficult to disregard or change the constitution," said Daniel Silke, the director of Political Futures Consultancy. "We are in a very different space to what was a very autocratic Zimbabwe."
Zuma's political woes, including electoral setbacks in major urban centres in local elections last year, explain his populist approach to the land issue.
It is part of a "radical economic transformation" drive aimed at the ANC's increasingly rural support base. His plans will be high on the agenda of a major party policy conference in June-July, and another in December when Zuma's successor as ANC leader is to be picked ahead of a general election in 2019.
"Deploying populist rhetoric is a powerful campaign strategy that has worked for Zuma before," said Ruth Bookbinder, Africa Analyst at risk consultancy Verisk Maplecroft.
The Department of Rural Development and Land Reform says only 8 million hectares of arable land has been transferred to black people since 1994, less than 10 percent of the 82 million hectares available and a third of the ANC's 30 percent target.
Yet the ANC has not yet fallen into line behind Zuma's call for constitutional change. In February, ANC MPs voted down a motion by the ultra-left Economic Freedom Fighters (EFF) party to amend the constitution to take land without compensation.
ZIMBABWE PARALLELS
Zuma's bid for rural support has parallels with Zimbabwe in 2000, when Mugabe, then in power for two decades, faced a challenge from an opposition rooted in the urban trade union movement.
Mugabe responded by unleashing violent invasions of white-owned farms that proved devastating to an economy already in meltdown, with acute balance of payments pressures, raging inflation, slowing growth, a depreciating currency and a dependency for funding on the International Monetary Fund.
Zuma too faces challenges from urban quarters, including calls for him to resign from the South African Communist Party and labour federation Cosatu, both allies of the ANC.
The economy is barely growing, the rand currency is vulnerable, inflation could reignite, and further ratings downgrades could push South Africa into the IMF's embrace, which would see it forced to adopt austerity measures that ANC populists would baulk at.
Damaging South Africa's high-tech agriculture sector through land seizures could have far-reaching consequences. Wandile Sihlobo, an economist at the agricultural business chamber, told Reuters he reckons the debt book for commercial agriculture is around 160 billion rand ($11.6 billion).
Food security is a concern as South Africa recovers from a drought, with forecasts showing another potentially looming.
Some analysts say such consequences will not dissuade Zuma.
"Zuma has shown he can be absolutely reckless in pursuit of his political agenda," said NKC African Economics political analyst Gary van Staden.
($1 = 13.7680 rand) (Editing by James Macharia and Peter Graff)
UPDATE 2-Trump nominates Democrat Rosenworcel to serve again as FCC commissioner
WASHINGTON, June 14 The U.S. Senate will again consider Jessica Rosenworcel, a Democrat, to be a commissioner of the Federal Communications Commission after Republican President Donald Trump nominated her late on Tuesday.
LONDON (Reuters) - It will be the end of an era for athletics on Saturday when Usain Bolt races for the last time in the men's 4x100 metres relay at the World Championships.
The Jamaican is hoping to step away from the track having won his 20th global championship title, something he was denied last week when he finished third in the 100m behind American Justin Gatlin.
Fans flocking to the London Stadium on Saturday will probably be treated to a double dose of the 30-year-old sprint legend as Bolt plans to take part in the relay heats in the day's first session.
There will be a fair amount of emotion from the stands as Mo Farah also runs in his last track race - the 5,000 metres final.
The Briton is aiming to complete an unprecedented World Championship triple-double, having retained his 10,000m title on the first day - the home nation's only medal.
The penultimate day of the championships also has former 100 metres hurdles champion Sally Pearson of Australia going up against world record holder Kendra Harrison of the U.S. for the title.
The decathlon reaches its climax with the traditional 1,500m to close the multi-discipline event.
There are also gold medals to be won in the women's high jump and the men's javelin.
NEW YORK Oil prices closed up on Friday on growing hope that OPEC might agree to extend production cuts long enough to reduce a global crude glut, but crude prices still posted a weekly decline.
U.S. light crude CLc1 rose 36 cents to settle at $49.33 a barrel, off the day's high of $49.76. Benchmark Brent crude LCOc1 futures settled up 29 cents to $51.73 a barrel. Both benchmarks ended with weekly and monthly declines.
The more active Brent futures contract for delivery in July LCON7 closed at $52.05 Friday, up 23 cents.
If the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries (OPEC) agrees to extend the cuts, then bloated global inventories could drain by the end of the year, a Reuters poll of economists and analysts showed.
OPEC next meets in May to discuss oil supply policy and its secretary-general, Mohammad Barkindo, said this week the group wants to see global inventories reduced further.
That has made energy investors more hopeful the producer group will extend supply cuts into the second half of the year. OPEC's deal to curb supply, which non-OPEC members such as Russia have joined, is due to expire at the end of June.
The talk of extending the cuts has come even before some producers have reduced output to the agreed-upon levels.
Non-OPEC member Russia said it would meet its deal target of cutting output by 300,000 barrels per day (bpd) by the end of April, supporting crude prices.
U.S. oil prices rose after OPEC made the deal in November. But they remain below where producers would like them, which would encourage OPEC to extend the deal, said Rob Haworth, senior investment strategist at U.S. Bank Wealth Management.
Still, weekly U.S. government data showed crude output, mostly from the shale oil industry, rising. Crude output for February rose 193,000 barrels per day to 9.03 million bpd, the highest since August 2015.
U.S. oil prices have lost ground in eight of the last 11 sessions.
Hedge funds showed pessimism on U.S. crude oil for the first time in four weeks in the week to April 25, the U.S. Commodity Futures Trading Commission (CFTC) said Friday.
The speculator group cut its combined futures and options position in New York and London by 70,136 contracts to 284,942 during the period, CFTC data showed.
(Additional reporting by Karolin Schaps in London, Henning Gloystein in Singapore; Editing by David Gregorio and Bill Trott)
March 31 Shandong Jining Ruyi Woolen Textile Co Ltd:
* Sees net profit for FY 2017 Q1 up 7.3 percent to 57.1 percent, or to be 4.3 million yuan to 6.3 million yuan
* Says the net profit of FY 2016 Q1 was 4 million yuan
Source text in Chinese: goo.gl/IiEXWA
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
April 5 Wildhorse Resource Development Corp
* Wildhorse Resource Development corporation announces borrowing base increase to $450 million
* Wildhorse Resource Development Corp - existing borrowing base under its $1.0 billion multi-year revolving credit facility was increased by its bank group
* Wildhorse Resource Development Corp - revolving credit facility was increased to $450.0 million from $362.5 million
* Wildhorse Resource Development Corp - WRD's revolving credit facility matures in december 2021 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Henrik Stenson of Sweden chats with his caddie Gareth Bryn Lord during Wednesday practice rounds for the 2017 Masters at Augusta National Golf Club in Augusta, Georgia, U.S., April 5, 2017. REUTERS/Brian Snyder
AUGUSTA, Georgia Henrik Stenson has rarely featured on the leaderboard in 11 trips to the U.S. Masters, a tournament he loves to play in but which is by far his least successful major.
The Swedish world number five, however, will begin his Augusta challenge on Thursday as the British Open champion after claiming his first major title in spectacular style at Troon last July.
"I don't know if there ever was a big monkey on my back, but it's of course nice to be a major champion," the 41-year-old Stenson told reporters.
"In the long run, it was all about making it happen and, of course I feel very happy that I did make it happen last year. Now we can look ahead and try and give the Claret Jug some company."
Stenson has finished top-25 in his past four Augusta appearances, with a tie for 14th in 2014 his best result.
"I have to change something around; it's the least successful major for me out of the four. I'm working hard on trying to make that turnaround."
Stenson has thought long and hard about the reasons for his struggles at Augusta.
"There are a few things that I hope to be able to do better," he said.
"I need to be a little bit more aggressive off the tee on a couple of the holes. I'm not normally someone who shapes the ball a lot and on a couple of the holes, it really makes a difference if you can try and get it a bit farther down there."
Stenson, the first Scandinavian man to win a major, missed the cut in his last two PGA tournaments.
"I've put a lot of effort into the prep work this year," he said.
"Probably as much as ever. I guess that the previous couple of tournaments, I just haven't performed the way I would have liked to, which is negative in terms of building some momentum and confidence out on the golf course."
Stenson won the British Open after shooting a sparkling 63 in a thrilling final-round duel with three-times Masters champion Phil Mickelson and he admitted that the Claret Jug was the major trophy he coveted the most.
"Being European, being the Open Championship being some of the first golf that I watched on television when I was a young kid and with the history that comes with that, of course that would maybe just be a little bit closer to my heart than any other one," he said.
(Editing by Andrew Both)
1. Oregon is back: On Wednesday, Oregon put the nation on notice.
The Ducks rallied late to knock off No. 2 UCLA on Matt Court thanks Dillon Brooks, Eugene's resident all-american, hitting a game-winning three with 0.7 seconds left. Two nights later, with No. 22 USC coming to town, Brooks looked every bit the part of an all-american, as he scored 28 points on 10 shots, hitting all four of his threes as the Ducks steam-rolled the Trojans, who had entered Friday night undefeated.
That was Oregon's statement, their warning to the rest of the country that their early season struggles and health issues were behind them.
I was as high as anyone on the Ducks back in September, but I was in the same boat as everyone else after they lost to Baylor and lost to Georgetown and struggled to beat the likes of Boise State and Alabama and UConn. I wasn't going to believe in the Ducks as a title contender until they proved they can be a title contender.
They did that this weekend.
Which means that I'm back on board.
2. The ACC was really weird this weekend: And it doesn't look like that is going to change anytime soon.
Let's start with the obvious: Each of the top four teams in the league took a loss during the first week of conference play. No. 6 Louisville lost at home to No. 12 Virginia, who proceeded to lose at home to No. 20 Florida State. No. 5 Duke got blown out at Virginia Tech, a lot that should tell you there are more issues in Durham than just Grayson Allen's tripping problems. No. 9 North Carolina lost at Georgia Tech, who, along with Boston College, were supposed to be the league's bottom-feeders this season.
Should I mention that Boston College blew out Syracuse on Sunday?
And frankly, this is probably going to be the norm in that conference this season. The teams we all thought were going to struggle to win more than a couple of league games, Boston College and Georgia Tech, both look much more dangerous than they did a month ago. Duke, the juggernaut that was supposed to truck-stick everyone opponent they faced, is clearly at a crossroads of their season. UNC, UVA and Louisville all have flaws. Florida State and Notre Dame are beatable.
The kicker? There are 12 teams in the league that are good enough to push for an at-large berth. It's the most cliché piece of coach-speak there is, but there are no easy games or off-nights in the ACC this season.
RELATED: Player of the Week | Team of the Week | Five Takeaways
You can subscribe to the podcast on iTunes, Stitcher and Audioboom
3. Is Louisville the best team in the league?: I know this sounds crazy five days after Louisville got embarrassed at home by Virginia, but the thing to remember with Louisville is that Virginia is just about the worst possible matchup for them. Styles make fights in college hoops, and what Louisville does well gets taken away by what Virginia is the best in the country at.
And considering that, in the last two weeks, Louisville sandwiched that loss to Virginia with a win over Kentucky and a win over Indiana in Indiana, it's hard to ignore the fact that this team is peaking. Quentin Snider played the best game of his career in the win over Kentucky. Donovan Mitchell played the best game of his career in the win over the Hoosiers. Deng Adel was very good in both. The early-season struggles of those three players is why there are doubts about the Cardinals.
Should I mention that as Louisville is starting to peak, Duke is a mess and North Carolina is losing to Georgia Tech?
Honestly, I think the correct answer is that there isn't a “best team in the ACC”, but Louisville has as good of a chance to win the regular season title as anyone.
4. The Big Ten was weird this weekend, too: It wasn't quite as weird as the ACC was, but after the first week's worth of Big Ten games it's pretty clear that the league is going to be tougher to peg than we thought. It starts with Nebraska, who entered league play having lost six of their last eight games and who will enter next week having won at Indiana and at Maryland, two teams that look like they'll be in the NCAA tournament in March. Then there is Minnesota, who had a 12-1 record during non-conference play and proceeded to lose to an under-manned Michigan State team at home in overtime before beating No. 15 Purdue on the road in overtime.
Wisconsin is quiet clearly the best team in the Big Ten, but before this weekend, I think most observers would have told you that Purdue and Indiana aren't all that far behind the Badgers. Maybe that's wrong.
5. Is it time to start calling Villanova the favorite to win it all?: Our Travis Hines was in Omaha for that game and penned an excellent column on this very subject. I won't totally repeat it here, but I will say this: The freshmen at Duke, Kentucky and UCLA have been as hyped as any freshmen class in recent memory; rightfully so, those dudes are awesome. Baylor has been celebrated because of the fact that no one saw this coming. North Carolina is North Carolina and played the most entertaining game of the year in the most watched game of the year against Kentucky.
And all the while, Villanova just keeps winning.
Yes, they're the reigning champs. Yes, they have a National Player of the Year favorite on their roster. Yes, they're No. 1 in both polls.
But they never seem to be the trendy team, the popular pick to win it all, the favorite among the “experts” in this business. It may be time to change that, because if Villanova's win at No. 10 Creighton taught us anything, it's that know team in the country understands how to win better than the Wildcats. They're cool, calm and collected in pressure moments. They don't rush. They don't panic. They don't force shots.
They execute.
They just win.
Prime Minister Jacinda Ardern at Karetu Marae Posted by nzherald.co.nz on Friday, 2 February 2018
Prime Minister Jacinda Ardern has spoken at Karetu Marae, the marae of Minister Kelvin Davis.
Ardern said during her speech that rail was a "priority" for this Government.
She also said the Government would be making more visits to maraes around the country to find out what would make a difference locally.
Kelvin Davis said all Maori MP felt pressure to make a difference for Maori people.
Advertisement
Ardern said "myself and all our Maori MPs feel that weight of expectation" about practical things like jobs, housing and lifting people put of poverty.
Earlier the marae near Kawakawa hosted a powhiri for the PM to mark Davis' appointment as Minister for Crown-Iwi Relations.
Ardern arrived with partner Clarke Gayford, Green Party co-leader James Shaw and a raft of ministers including Andrew Little, Peeni Henare and Davis.
Other Labour MPs with family links to the marae include Peeni Henare, Willow Jean Prime and Nanaia Mahuta.
The marae last hosted a Prime Minister in 2008 on February 5 when Helen Clark went to the Ngati Manu marae at Karetu instead of Te Tii Marae.
That was to officially mark the selection of Davis as a Labour Party candidate.
The opening speaker acknowledged that visit, recalling former MP Dover Samuels had suggested it be a regular event.
He drew laughs when he muddled up the names of Jenny Shipley and Helen Clark.
The powhiri included a range of speakers welcoming Ardern but also telling some tall stories.
Prime Minister Jacinda Ardern arrives at Karetu Marae with partner Clarke Gayford, MPS Willow Jean Prime and Kelvin David and Green Party co-leader James Shaw. Photo / Claire Trevett
One advised Ardern that Karetu was "the centre of the universe and we are all great breeders".
Another speaker's attempt to tell a rather long joke involving former PM David Lange, his minister Koro Wetere and advice to Lange to please his wife by taking his clothes off and doing haka for his wife was derailed.
Those present clearly decided it was heading in an area inappropriate for the PM's ears and simply started singing a waiata, signifying time was up.
Ardern has promised Karetu Marae she will return, saying for her "no Marae is too small".
She read a greeting in te Reo, before joking about the notes she was holding.
"There will be a day I no longer use these," Ardern said to laughter.
Ardern also acknowledged Green co-leader James Shaw and NZ First MP Jenny Marcroft.
Ardern said it was when she was welcomed on to the Marae that she felt the weight of expectation on her in her role.
She spoke of the need to face up to challenges.
"If you ask me that is what Waitangi is for."
She said Waitangi should not just be about warm words and urged the speakers to continue to challenge her and her Government.
"There will be no Marae either small for this Government."
She promised to return "that is if you'll have us".
Warriors during the powhiri to welcome politicians to Karetu Marae. Photo / John Stone
Ardern also regaled them with anecdotes about the late Parekura Horomia, remembering he had called her "girl" and would be amazed to see where she was now.
She remembered renting a tiny rental car for a long drive and Horomia asked for a lift.
"Every time I changed the gear I had to grab it from within his outer thigh: it was a very intimate experience we had together."
Ardern also joked about her Maori MPs, saying Peeni Henare had "made the ultimate sacrifice by giving up fishing for Parliament".
On a more serious note, she said Henare was one of those she went to for advice and had a "quiet, dignified leadership" about him.
She recalled Rino Tirikatene's digested election slogan "We Need to Just Kick Some Butt".
She saved her warmest praise for Kelvin Davis.
She said Davis was so competitive "I hear you had no qualms in a rugby match once stealing a ball from a one-armed man".
Ardern spoke of the time she had taken on the leadership and had asked Davis if he could take on the deputy role. His response: "I'll do what you need me to do."
She referred to the time Davis walked the length of the North Island to highlight the issue of child abuse and his visit to Australia.
Davis came under fire in some quarters for performance as acting PM when Ardern was out of the country last year.
Ardern warned him to be ready to try out her job again.
"I should warn you I'm going away again in March so you're going to have to be Prime Minister again."
Ardern said that as she had previously discussed with iwi chairs and members of regional and local government, the government had a lot of things it wanted to achieve, which it could not do alone.
"I think we're only going to make the gains we would like to make if we work in partnership."
Ardern said it was not about the government dictating what should happen but rather working together with people in the regions such as Northland to identify the problems.
She listed regional roads and regional employment as examples.
"The provincial growth fund is a key opportunity that we have to say to local government 'what things in your area would unleash jobs', so rather than us dictating, sitting down and funding out what the opportunities are."
Ardern said an "obvious" example of an area that could get funding was forestry in Northland, which creates job opportunities and helps tick off environmental goals.
She said Northland mayors had raised access to the region as key.
While she would not confirm whether or not access, including roads, to Northland would receive funding the government wanted "to make sure that our regional roads aren't neglected anymore"
Ardern said the government wanted to take the Crown-Maori relationship beyond the negotiating table, something Minister for Crown/Māori Relations, Kelvin Davis would help carve out.
Ardern said in Davis' first 100 days as Minister for Crown/Maori Relations, he had achieved some specific housing initiatives, which they weren't ready to discuss yet.
Kelvin Davis has acknowledged the tribute his Marae and the Prime Minister have paid him at his home Marae of Karetu.
The event was supposed to be surprise for Davis - although in the North there is no such thing. Standing to speak, Davis quipped "well this is a surprise," drily adding "as much of a surprise as an open invitation on Facebook can be."
Davis has been appointed to the newly created ministerial role of Crown Iwi Relations, a role to reflect many iwi have now signed their settlements.
Davis said on February 5 it would mark 10 years to the day he was confirmed as a Labour candidate by then PM Helen Clark at the marae.
He recalled asking the kaumatua if they could put on some tea and scones for the Prime Minister. The elder replied it was the first time the marae had hosted a Prime Minister. The resultant hakari (feast) had filed tables in several marquees on the marae grounds.
Minister of Treaty Negotiations Andrew Little accepts the wero. Photo / John Stone
Davis ended by thanking those who had come but acknowledging it was probably more for "selfies with Jacinda" than for him.
The people of Ngati Manu said it was great for the Northland hapu to have the Prime Minister come to their marae.
Helen Locke, of Ngati Manu descent who also played a part in welcoming Ministers and MPs onto the marae, said it was good to see Prime Minister Jacinda Ardern in Karetu.
"It's great honour for our hapu but it is definitely not to take the light away from Kelvin Davis and our other Ngati Manu MPs."
Meanwhile Sonny Tangira who was at the marae with his moko said it was "beautiful".
"It is a real eye opener," he said.
Ardern arrived in Northland yesterday for a five-day stay.
It's the longest time any prime minister has spent at Waitangi.
Meanwhile Bill English will be about as far from Waitangi this year as you can get - without leaving the country.
National's leader will spend Waitangi Day celebrating with Ngai Tahu in Bluff, on the day when most politicians are at the Treaty Grounds.
English said he's pleased attention has moved away from the troublesome Te Tii Marae.
He hoped this year will work out because it's a beautiful place to celebrate the birth of the nation.
English said a lot of Kiwis want to be part of it but unfortunately in past years trouble on the marae has put a lot of people off.
As Prime Minister, English refused to go to Waitangi.
It's hoped the new Crown-Maori relations portfolio will help to build bridges.
This Waitangi Day will be the first commemoration of the signing of the Treaty since Te Tai Tokerau MP Kelvin Davis took on the new role.
Te Aupouri iwi leader Maahia Nathan said he thinks it's a crucial portfolio.
He said there have been areas where iwi and Crown engagement has been lacking, and thinks this will go a long way towards easing tensions.
Meanwhile thousands of New Zealanders in Australia are celebrating Waitangi Day early, with an event in Sydney.
Labour backbenchers Kiri Allan and Tamati Coffey are heading over to speak. Last year the then Labour leader Andrew Little did the same.
Allan said New Zealanders across the ditch don't get a statutory day but they create their own events to commemorate with music, speeches and Kapa Haka.
All Blacks coach Steve Hansen was up to his old tricks again, leaving reporters in stitches at today's press conference after having a dig at Lions coach Warren Gatland for bringing in more troops from the United Kingdom.
Hansen said that he has heard from sources that Gatland is recruiting more players from the UK for injury cover and to strengthen his squad.
"I think he's about to bring out a few extra players to give himself the ability to bring or play two squads," said Hansen.
"He's at the stage he wants to do that."
When asked by 1 NEWS if the players will be coming from the UK, Hansen couldn't help but give the reporters a little bit of a laugh.
"Well I guess so, I don't know where else he will get them from."
With a few Kiwis named in the Lions team Hansen suggested his rival Gatland should have opted to select a few more New Zealanders in his squad.
"Well I guess he didn't pick probably enough of them I suggest."
Tim Batt has a simple objective: "I want to make the smart people laugh, and the funny people smart."
If anyone can, it's him. Batt, 29, is a man of many talents; he's the co-host of the internationally successful podcast The Worst Idea of All Time; he runs his own business, a podcast network named Little Empire; he's also a stand-up comedian who performed recently at the New Zealand, Melbourne and Sydney Comedy Festivals.
Now, he's a television host.
Batt is the host of TVNZ's banter, a new live panel and discussion show that aims to look at issues that matter to New Zealanders in an interactive, accessible format.
Advertisement
Airing on TVNZ's DUKE, the half-hour live show will rotate around three panelists each week - a mixture of politicians, comedians and experts - with Batt leading the conversations. The show will focus on reflecting a range of New Zealand voices and exploring different issues with new depth.
"We'll dissect news that's topical that week, and we'll talk about a few things with a lot more depth than people might be used to seeing on an early morning show or a daily chat show," says Batt.
"It won't be all politics but I think the fact that it's election year is a really good bonus; it's a really good boon to be able to pick over certain issues and policies and politicians in a format that isn't done that often.
"The fact that it's broadcast live is quite risky but I think really exciting as well because if something happens you're going to see it. There's no editing that moment out before it goes to air because it's just happened."
× Tim Batt: "The fact that it's broadcast live is quite risky, but I think really exciting." Photo / supplied Tim Batt: "The fact that it's broadcast live is quite risky, but I think really exciting." Photo / supplied
TVNZ approached Batt with the concept of banter, which was created after DUKE programmer Ed Kindred saw a gap in the New Zealand market and an opportunity for the channel to offer some valuable local content. With Batt's background in radio, podcasting and comedy, his role as a TV host may surprise some - but he says being new to the medium will have its benefits.
"I'm not as attached to a perfectly well-rounded TV career in the future, so I'm not afraid to burn a few bridges and ask some curly questions that'll get an answer that people will actually want to hear about.
"If you combine the fact that maybe I'm a little more carefree with my long- term reputation on television with the fact that it's broadcast live, it hopefully will add up to a pretty entertaining watch."
The first four episodes of banter will be live streamed on DUKE's Facebook page, part of the show's aim to integrate with social media and appeal to younger audiences. ("A lot of people my age don't have a TV, myself included," says Batt.) The youth angle aims to change the current dynamic of New Zealand television; after recently reaching out on Reddit to find out what people thought was missing on TV, Batt found there was a real desire to see youth voices represented.
× Tim Batt says being new to the TV medium will have its benefits. Photo / Michelle Hyslop Tim Batt says being new to the TV medium will have its benefits. Photo / Michelle Hyslop
"It's always old people talking about youth issues, and things like youth suicide, and it's just all of these people who are 40-plus debating on what it's like to be young these days. Why don't we get someone who's actually an articulate 16-17-year-old - who I think are always smarter than we give them credit for. They're living it, so let's hear from one of them."
DUKE has faced controversy in the past, with critics calling it an old-fashioned concept that excludes women. When I voice my own reservations around the word banter, and its affiliation with "lad" culture, Batt admits he was also uncertain.
"I was a little bit dubious about that, but I've thrown the name out at various friends and people around the place and they haven't responded as dramatically as I did when I first heard it," says Batt.
"It reflects the fact that we want to have conversations - we want to not cram an agenda down people's throats, but we do want to articulate multiple points of an argument or a policy position. We want to be able to do it in a way that's fun and funny and like you would with your mates at the bar."
Lowdown:
Who - Tim Batt
What - banter
When - Premiering Tuesday, June 20, 8.30pm
Where - TVNZ's DUKE
- George Fenwick
CAPE CANAVERAL, Fla., April 20 A scaled-down, two-man U.S.-Russian crew blasted off from the Baikonur Cosmodrome in Kazakhstan on Thursday for a six-hour ride to the International Space Station, a NASA TV broadcast showed.
A Russian Soyuz capsule carrying NASA astronaut Jack Fischer, 43, and Russian cosmonaut Fyodor Yurchikhin, 58, lifted off at 1:13 p.m. local time/3:13 a.m. EDT (0713 GMT) with a rare empty third seat. Russia is scaling backspace station staffing until its long-delayed science laboratory is flown to the orbiting outpost next year.
Fischer and Yurchikhin were scheduled to reach the $100 billion space station, which orbits about 250 miles (400 km) above Earth, at 9:23 a.m. EDT (1323 GMT).
Fischer said he suspects the biggest challenge he faces in his first voyage into space will be learning how to use the station's zero-gravity toilet.
“It's all about suction, it's really difficult," Fischer said in a NASA interview before launch. “You just can't train for that on the ground, so I approach my space-toilet activities with respect, preparation and a healthy dose of sheer terror.”
The rookie astronaut will be sharing the station with two seasoned veterans.
Soyuz crewmate Yurchikhin has made four previous spaceflights. Station commander Peggy Whitson, 57, in the midst of her third long-duration mission, is due on Monday to beat the 534-day record for cumulative time spent in space by a U.S. astronaut.
She is expected to receive a congratulatory phone call on Monday from U.S. President Donald Trump, NASA said on Wednesday.
Whitson, who flew to the station in November along with Russian cosmonaut Oleg Novitskiy and French astronaut Thomas Pesquet, will remain aboard with Fischer and Yurchikhin until September. (Editing by Steve Gorman and Louise Ireland)
Demonstrators wearing masks depicting Emmanuel Macron (R), head of the political movement En Marche !, or Onwards !, and candidate for the 2017 presidential election and his wife Brigitte walk as part of traditional May Day labour day march in Marseille, France, May 1, 2017. REUTERS/Jean-Paul Pelissier
Marine Le Pen, French National Front (FN) candidate for 2017 presidential election delivers a speech during a campaign rally in Villepinte, near Paris, France, May 1, 2017. REUTERS/Charles Platiau
Emmanuel Macron, head of the political movement En Marche !, or Onwards !, and candidate for the 2017 presidential election, attends a campaign rally in Paris, France, May 1, 2017. REUTERS/Benoit Tessier
Supporters of Emmanuel Macron, head of the political movement En Marche !, or Onwards !, and candidate for the 2017 presidential election, hold placards and French and European flags before a campaign rally in Paris, France, May 1, 2017. REUTERS/Benoit Tessier
Emmanuel Macron, head of the political movement En Marche !, or Onwards !, and candidate for the 2017 presidential election, attends a campaign rally in Paris, France, May 1, 2017. REUTERS/Benoit Tessier
Marine Le Pen (L), French National Front (FN) candidate for 2017 presidential election, is surrounded by supporter during a campaign rally in Villepinte, near Paris, France, May 1, 2017. REUTERS/Pascal Rossignol
Emmanuel Macron, head of the political movement En Marche !, or Onwards !, and candidate for the 2017 presidential election, attends a campaign rally in Paris, France, May 1, 2017. REUTERS/Philippe Wojazer
Marine Le Pen, French National Front (FN) candidate for 2017 presidential election delivers a speech during a campaign rally in Villepinte, near Paris, France, May 1, 2017. REUTERS/Charles Platiau
Emmanuel Macron, head of the political movement En Marche !, or Onwards !, and candidate for the 2017 presidential election, attends a campaign rally in Paris, France, May 1, 2017. REUTERS/Benoit Tessier
PARIS Centrist presidential frontrunner Emmanuel Macron and his far-right rival Marine Le Pen attacked each other's visions of France and the role it should play in Europe on Monday against a background of May Day rallies and protests.
Macron sought for a third successive day to paint National Front (FN) candidate Le Pen as an extremist, while she portrayed him as a clone of unpopular outgoing Socialist President Francois Hollande, under whom he served as economy minister from 2014 to 2016.
Two opinion polls showed Macron winning what is widely seen as France's most important election in decades with between 59 and 61 percent of the vote.
On offer is a choice between his vision of closer integration with a modernised European Union and her calls to cut immigration and take the country out of the euro.
"I will fight up until the very last second not only against her programme but also her idea of what constitutes democracy and the French Republic," said Macron, an independent backed by a new party, En Marche! (Onwards!), which he set up a year ago.
He was speaking after paying tribute to a young Moroccan man who drowned in the River Seine in Paris 22 years ago after being pushed into the water by skinheads on the fringes of a May Day rally by the FN, then led by Le Pen's father Jean-Marie.
Later, at a rally, he described her as "the anti-France candidate" and said "We want Europe to be strong because we want France to be strong."
He also rejected calls from leftwing politicians to drop his business friendly reforms.
In Villepinte, a suburb north of the capital, Marine Le Pen told supporters: "Emmanuel Macron is just Francois Hollande who wants to stay and who is hanging on to power like a barnacle."
She called for France to reclaim its 'independence' from the EU but made no mention of her proposal to drop the euro, the part of her campaign platform which is the least popular with voters, and which she has played down in recent days.
PARTY IMAGE
Le Pen has worked hard to cleanse the FN of xenophobic and anti-semitic associations and make it more appealing to a wider electorate. She said at the weekend she had no more contact with her father and was not responsible for his 'unacceptable comments'.
Le Pen senior gave his own traditional May Day speech at a statue of national heroine Joan of Arc, a short walk from where Macron commemorated the death of young Moroccan Brahim Bouarram.
"Emmanuel Macron is doing a tour of graveyards. It's a bad sign for him," he said before a speech to a few hundred supporters that drew chants of "France for the French!" and "Islam out of France!"
At rallies in Paris, Marseille and elsewhere, some trade unionists and activists sought to turn the May Day workers' holiday into a day of national solidarity against the National Front, mirroring protests in 2002 when Jean-Marie Le Pen reached the second round of the presidential election before losing heavily to conservative Jacques Chirac.
However, other groups, including the powerful CGT union, refused to explicitly back Macron and organised their demonstrations separately.
Groups of masked and hooded youths dressed in black were visible among protesters in the capital. Protesters hurled petrol bombs and police responded with tear gas, making five arrests. Six police officers were hurt, one suffering serious burns.
DIVIDED FRANCE
The election has exposed some of the same sense of anger with globalisation and political elites that brought Donald Trump to presidential power in the United States, and caused Britons to vote for a divorce from the EU.
The vote in the world's fifth largest economy, a key member of the NATO defence alliance, will be the first to elect a president from neither of the main political groupings. The Socialist and conservative party candidates were knocked out in the first round on April 23.
Between them Le Pen and Macron gathered only 45 percent of votes in that round, which eliminated nine other candidates.
The second round will take place in the middle of a weekend extended by a public holiday. A high abstention rate could favour Le Pen, whose supporters typically tell pollsters they are staunchly committed to their candidate.
She devoted much of her speech, lasting nearly an hour, to attacking Macron as the face of the establishment. He was due to speak at a Paris rally later in the day.
Referring to her plan to hold a referendum on whether France should remain in the EU, Le Pen said: "The French people will decide."
(Additional reporting by Sudip Kar-Gupta; Writing by Andrew Callus; Editing by Mark Trevelyan and Richard Lough)
Visit us Saturday between 11 am-1 pm to learn how to start your EMT training
Media Contact
Debbie Natsch
***@norcalambulance.com
9257857248 Debbie Natsch9257857248
End
-- Interested in a career in emergency medical services? American Health Education (AHE) is holding a free EMT Open House on Saturday, April 28, from 11 a.m.–1 p.m. The event is the perfect opportunity for those interested in becoming an Emergency Medical Technician to visit the school and learn about training program options.Guests will have the opportunity to tour the facility, view ambulance demonstrations, talk to program instructors and registration staff. There will be a presentation at 11:30 a.m. for those who want more in-depth information about the training programs. Stay for a snack and make sure to enter the raffle! AHE will be raffling off discounts on classes and more.For those ready to start their training and enroll in an upcoming course during the event, AHE will waive the $75 registration fee."If you've been considering becoming an EMT, are interested in entering the medical field, or are looking for a career change, this event is for you," says Yvette Surendran, American Health Education's Director. "Take this opportunity to learn about the daily responsibilities of an EMT, the training program pre-requisites, and career opportunities in the emergency medical field."The school is conveniently located off highway 580 in Dublin, at 6761 Sierra Court, Suite G. More information on the open house can be found online here ( https://americanhealtheducation.lpages.co/ american-health... ).American Health Education is dedicated to providing high-quality, hands-on training to those who wish to start or advance their healthcare careers. The school offers a variety of weekday and weekend courses in emergency medical services
April 5Velgraf Asset Management AD:
* Said on Tuesday that its extraordinary general meeting of shareholders approved a capital increase from BGN 52,312,770 to BGN 74,312,770 through the issuance of 22 million new shares
* The new shares will have BGN 1.00 nominal value per share and BGN 3.24 issuing value per share
Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
‘Best banker in America' blamed for Wells Fargo scandal
An out-of-control sales culture, a defensive boss obsessed with stamping out negative views about her division and a group chief executive who called her the "the best banker in America" were to blame for Wells Fargo's devastating sales scandal, an internal investigation found. In the report, carried out by the bank's chairman Stephan Sanger and three other independent directors, Carrie Tolstedt is blamed for ignoring the systemic nature of the problem which was pinned instead on individual wrongdoers and accused of obstructing the board's efforts to get to the bottom of what was going on.
here
Exclusive: The Malaysian firm funneling money to Pyongyang
Over the past two decades, North Korean-born Han Hun Il, the founding chief executive of a Malaysian conglomerate, funneled money to the leadership in Pyongyang, a North Korean defector, speaking out for the first time, told Reuters. Han's conglomerate, Malaysia Korea Partners (MKP), worked in partnership with Jang Song Thaek, one of the most powerful people in the North until his execution in 2013, according to Lee Chol Ho. Lee worked as a trader for Han for nine years until he defected to Seoul in 2010. The new disclosures come at a time when United Nations sanctions monitors are intensifying scrutiny of both Han and MKP.
here
Banks scramble to replace old systems as IT ‘cowboys' ride into the sunset
Bill Hinshaw is not a typical 75-year-old. He divides his time between his family – he has 32 grandchildren and great-grandchildren – and helping U.S. companies avert crippling computer meltdowns. Hinshaw is a member of a dwindling community of IT veterans who specialize in a vintage programming language called COBOL. The financial sector, major corporations and parts of the federal government still largely rely on it because it underpins powerful systems that were built in the 70s or 80s and never fully replaced. And therein lies the problem: if something goes wrong, few people know how to fix it.
here
Wider Image: A daughter's freedom weighed against her siblings' lives
As the village wells dried up and her livestock died in the scorched scrubland of southern Somalia, Abdir Hussein had one last chance to save her family from starvation: the beauty of her 14-year-old daughter, Zeinab. An older man offered $1,000 for her dowry, enough to take her extended family to a town where international aid agencies are handing out food and water to families fleeing a devastating drought. Zeinab refused. "I would rather die. It is better that I run into the bush and be eaten by lions," said the slender dark-eyed girl in a high, soft voice. She wants to be an English teacher. She wants to finish school. She does not want to be married. The exchange is typical of the choices facing Somali families after two years of poor rains.
here
Oil surplus or scarcity? Shale boom makes it even harder to predict
The shale oil boom has transformed the U.S. and global energy sector to such an extent that it has upended traditional supply dynamics and made forecasts far more polarized. Investment banks, have warned that huge spending cuts caused by a plunge in oil prices since 2014 would lead to a supply crunch in the next two years. Yet Goldman Sachs, the only bank to make more than $1 billion a year from commodities trading, believes a looming recovery in U.S. output on the back of higher oil prices combined with an avalanche of new conventional projects will create a substantial surplus by 2019.
here
Reuters photo of the day
here
A girl stands near candles inside Al-Saleeb church during Palm Sunday in al-Qassaa, Damascus, Syria April 9, 2017. REUTERS/Omar Sanadiki
BRUSSELS The European Union and Britain need to make rapid progress on initial issues in Brexit negotiations and quickly start talking about their new trade and political relationship, Dutch Prime Minister Mark Rutte said on Saturday.
Rutte, arriving for EU talks to finalise guidelines for their Brexit negotiator, said the two sides first needed to come to agreement over the border with Ireland, the exit bill and the rights of EU and British citizens living abroad.
"If you push the discussion on these as far along as possible, say now we have trust, then we need quickly to talk about the future relationship - in terms of commerce, but also in politics," Rutte said.
"First there must be sufficient progress on items such as the bill, the border, the rights of people, but then it is clear a moment comes, and it cannot take too long, and you must time it well, but that you can talk about the future relationship."
(Reporting By Philip Blenkinsop)
U.N. humanitarian chief Stephen O'Brien (L) and European Union foreign policy chief Federica Mogherini take part in a news conference during an international conference on the future of Syria and the region, in Brussels, Belgium, April 5, 2017. REUTERS/Yves Herman
European Union foreign policy chief Federica Mogherini takes part in a joint news conference during an international conference on the future of Syria and the region, in Brussels, Belgium, April 5, 2017. REUTERS/Yves Herman
United Nations Secretary General Antonio Guterres and European Union foreign policy chief Federica Mogherini arrive at an international conference on the future of Syria and the region, in Brussels, Belgium, April 5, 2017. REUTERS/Yves Herman
British Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson takes part in an international news conference on the future of Syria and the region, in Brussels, Belgium, April 5, 2017. REUTERS/Yves Herman
British Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson takes part in an international news conference on the future of Syria and the region, in Brussels, Belgium, April 5, 2017. REUTERS/Yves Herman
BRUSSELS Britain and France on Wednesday renewed their call for Syria's president Bashar al-Assad to leave office, after a suspected chemical attack by Damascus killed scores of people in a rebel-held area, eclipsing an international conference to promote peace in Syria.
Foreign ministers Boris Johnson of Britain and Jean-Marc Ayrault of France spoke during the conference, which raised $6 billion in immediate aid and which the European Union convened in Brussels to shore up stalled peace talks between Assad and his rivals.
The money, which goes some way to meeting the U.N. appeal for $8 billion (6.41 billion pounds) for Syria this year, does not include the cost of rebuilding the country.
"I simply don't see how Bashar al-Assad can remain in charge after what he has already done," Johnson said. "Of the 400,000 people who are estimated to have been killed in Syria, he is responsible for the vast majority of the butcher's bill."
Ayrault said the attack was a test for the new U.S. president, Donald Trump, and his stance on Assad [nL5N1HC539].
German counterpart Sigmar Gabriel expressed frustration at the lack of clarity on Trump's position. During his election campaign and as president-elect, Trump said ousting Assad would hand control of Syria to Islamist militants.
"The election campaign is over Mr. Trump," Gabriel said.
U.S. intelligence officials, based on a preliminary assessment, think the deaths were most likely caused by sarin nerve gas dropped by Syrian aircraft.
Trump called the attack a "terrible affront to humanity". Asked whether he was formulating a new policy towards Syria, he told reporters: "You'll see."
The future of Assad, backed by Russia and Iran, has always been the main point of contention blocking progress in talks. The war has raged for more than six years, displacing millions and causing dire humanitarian conditions.
"The humanitarian appeal for a single crisis has never been higher," U.N. Secretary General Antonio Guterres said.
The conference, however, offered no new ideas on how to end the war, with regional power Turkey absent from the gathering and the foreign ministers of Russia and the United States skipping the event, sending lower-level officials.
TRUMP LINE ON ASSAD?
Though Washington, London and Paris have blamed Assad for the attack, Russia said the toxic gas had leaked from a rebel chemical weapons depot struck by Syrian bombs, revealing divisions at the Security Council.
NATO head Jens Stoltenberg and EU chairman Donald Tusk on Wednesday joined the chorus condemning the attack, with the latter saying Damascus was mainly to blame but that "all who support it share moral and political responsibility".
The attack came a week after Trump's Secretary of State Rex Tillerson and U.N. envoy Nikki Haley said their focus was on defeating Islamic State in Syria rather than pushing out Assad.
"Under Obama, we agreed that Assad had to go, but now it is unclear where the Trump position lies," said a senior EU diplomat. "Have Washington and Moscow now agreed on backing Assad? For the EU, Assad cannot be part of Syria's future."
That is a view shared by the Gulf Arab states, as presented in Brussels by Mohammed bin Abdulrahman al-Thani, foreign minister of Qatar. "There is no solution in Syria without getting rid of Assad," he said.
The conference appealed for more humanitarian aid access in Syria and an end to using sieges and starvation as war tactics.
Robert Mardini, who oversees operations in the Middle East for the International Committee of the Red Cross said the situation was nothing short of catastrophic in Syria.
"In the seventh year of the conflict, more than a half of health facilities in the country are not running, whether because they were directly targeted or they are lacking medical supplies or personnel," he told Reuters.
Of the money pledged in Brussels, most came from Europe. The European Union pledged 560 million euros (481 million pounds) from its budget for humanitarian projects in Syria, as well as supporting refugees in the neighbouring Lebanon and Jordan.
Germany separately promised 1.2 billion euros (one billion pounds) extra for 2017, while London offered an additional one billion pounds. EU states and Brussels have so far mobilised about 9.5 billion euros in Syria emergency humanitarian aid.
(Additional reporting by Farah Salhi, Robert-Jan Bartunek and Philip Blenkinsop in Brussels, John Irish in Paris, Writing by Gabriela Baczynska; Editing by Andrew Bolton)
* Protesters to hold rallies outside Zuma's offices
* Opposition drumming up support for no-confidence motion
* Ruling ANC party backs Zuma, rejects call for him to quit
* Zuma to hold cabinet meeting, own birthday celebrations
By Ed Stoddard
PRETORIA, April 12 Several thousand people gathered in South Africa's capital on Wednesday to protest against President Jacob Zuma following a much-criticised cabinet reshuffle, days after the opposition called countrywide marches to demand his resignation.
The protesters plan to march through the city's streets to hold a rally at a field outside the Union Buildings, the site of Zuma's offices. More than 60,000 people marched on Friday calling for Zuma to quit, with the president accusing some of the protesters of racist motives.
Africa's most industrialised economy has grown lethargically over the last six years and the jobless rate stands near record levels. Analysts say the political crisis is making it hard to reform the economy, improve social services and fight crime.
Zuma, who turns 75 on Wednesday, has survived previous protests. But the main opposition party Democratic Alliance (DA) and other parties behind the protest believe they can drum up support to force Zuma out of office after he dismissed respected finance minister Pravin Gordhan in a cabinet reshuffle.
The ultra-left Economic Freedom Fighters and other smaller parties are also taking part in the protest dubbed "National Day of Action". The opposition has called for a no-confidence vote against Zuma in parliament on April 18.
The ruling African National Congress party, which has a majority in parliament, has rejected calls for Zuma to step down and said it will vote against the no-confidence motion.
"Rain will not stop us because we want the president to step down, he is misusing state money," said 21-year-old student and Pretoria resident Thomas Monyoko wearing a red EFF T-shirt after rainfall lashed the city earlier in the day.
Zuma has denied repeated allegations of corruption since winning power in 2009, and survived four previous no-confidence votes in parliament.
"Let the message be clear today that Zuma is no longer a credible president of South Africa," EFF leader Julius Malema told the crowd before it started marching to Zuma's offices.
A group of EFF activists carried a coffin draped in the South African flag. One of them who declined to give his name said "it is Zuma, he is finished today". Hundreds of boisterous EFF supporters bussed in shouted "Zuma must go!".
Patricia Maguire, a white 40-year-old risk analyst on her way to the march who also took part in Friday's protest in Pretoria, held a sign saying: "Recall The Wrecking Ball," referring to Zuma.
"I don't think this is a party thing it is a governance issue. I can't see how anyone cannot see that he is critically destructive," said Maguire, who said she had no party affiliation, while on a Pretoria bound train from Johannesburg.
Nomura analyst Peter Attard Montalto said: "There is a general question about where South Africa is going ... the probability of Zuma's exit is low at just 20 percent."
ZUMA'S BIRTHDAY
Like Friday, a mixed racial profile of people attended Wednesday's rallies, but there were less white people.
Zuma's critics have said his comments about racist language used on placards at Friday's protests were an attempt to deflect attention.
The ANC and the party's influential Women's League expressed their support for Zuma.
His office said on Wednesday the president would hold a cabinet meeting to discuss the economic situation in the country after Fitch and S&P Global Ratings last week downgraded South Africa to "junk", citing Gordhan's dismissal as one reason.
The president would later take part in his 75th birthday celebrations at a public venue in the township of Soweto, near the commercial hub of Johannesburg.
"Working together we will find solutions," Zuma said in the statement issued by the president's office. (Additional reporting by James Macharia and Nqobile Dludla in Johannesburg; Writing by James Macharia; Editing by Toby Chopra)
Dig out your dancing shoes and start booking taxis – awards season is coming!
The nomination phase for the Harrogate Advertiser Business Awards is already well underway, and there is just one month to go before the deadline for entries falls.
The magnificent Royal Hall is one of the finest Edwardian theatres in the North.
An extra incentive to enter this year comes in the form of the Royal Hall, which will host the event for the very first time.
Comprehensively restored – complete with 76,000 squares of 23-carat gold leaf – at a cost of £10.7m and reopened in 2008 by Prince Charles, it is considered one of the finest Edwardian thatres in the North.
“People think of it as a theatre, but when you have a banquet in there it really shows the versatility of the building,” says Andy Lane, front-of-house manager for all the Harrogate International Centre venues.
“It seats 976 people for a normal show, but for events like this we take out all seven-and-a-quarter tonnes of seating by hand and put it back again afterwards, which takes a total of five hours.
“It can then hold around 300 people, and it's a lovely setting because you're sat in the middle of the theatre with everything going on around you. It really feels special.”
This is where the 12th Harrogate Advertiser Business Awards ceremony – a black-tie event with dinner and entertainment – will take place on Thursday, April 27.
“I always really forward to it,” says Jean MacQuarrie, editor of the Harrogate Advertiser series.
“It's an exciting evening because of all the tension before the winners are announced – it means a lot to the nominees – but it's also inspiring.
“We cover an area of over 500 square miles, which is home to thousands of businesses, from sole traders to listed multinationals. So many of them do fantastic work and thoroughly deserve recognition. These awards are a way to do that, to say ‘you've claimed your place among the very best our region has to offer – well done'.”
One person who knows just how that feels is Zara Jackson, managing director of Harrogate-based recruitment firm Network Scientific, which won the Best Small Business award last year.
“It goes along way towards reinforcing the credibility of your business,” she says.
“We've been putting ‘Business Awards winner' on all our job adverts since we won and we've been getting a lot more response. People are prepared to travel to see us far more than they used to be.
“There are a lot of small businesses out there and winning a Harrogate Advertiser Business Award really helps to differentiate you from the competition.”
The awards' main sponsor is Harrogate and Pateley Bridge estate agent Verity Frearson. Each award also has its own sponsor.
There are 10 categories:
l Best Rural Business
l Tourism Award
l Family-Run Business of the Year
l Employer of the Year
l Best Small Company (1 to 10 employees)
l Best Medium Company (11 to 50 employees)
l Best Large Company (over 50 employees)
l Best Company Website
l Business Personality of the Year
l Lifetime Achievement
Businesses may enter as many categories as they like, and the deadline for entries is noon on Monday, March 13.
To enter, just go to www. harrogatebusinessawards.co.uk
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Heritage Insurance Holdings Inc:
* HERITAGE INSURANCE HOLDINGS, INC. APPOINTS KIRK H. LUSK CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER
* HERITAGE INSURANCE - ‍UNTIL APRIL 28, 2018, MR. LUSK WILL SERVE AS CO-CFO WITH STEVEN MARTINDALE, CO‘S CURRENT CFO
* HERITAGE INSURANCE HOLDINGS INC - STEVEN MARTINDALE HAS AGREED TO REMAIN INVOLVED WITH COMPANY AND HAS BEEN APPOINTED TO COMPANY‘S BOARD OF DIRECTORS​ Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
March 29 Corporacion Financiera Alba SA :
* Said on Tuesday that through Deya Capital SCR SA it had sold its entire 19.75 percent stake in Flex Equipos de Descanso SA (Flex) for 59.2 million euros ($64.0 million), with capital gains of 40.7 million euros
* It has sold 6.7 percent stake in Flex to the company itself, which acquired it as treasury stock for subsequent amortization, for 20.0 million euros
* It has sold the remaining 13.1 percent stake to a financial investor for 39.2 million euros
Source text for Eikon:
Further company coverage: ($1 = 0.9252 euros) (Gdynia Newsroom)
Flags with the logo of Allianz SE, Europe's biggest insurer, are pictured before the company's annual shareholders' meeting in Munich, Germany May 3, 2017. REUTERS/Michaela Rehle
MUNICH German insurer Allianz (ALVG.DE) is optimistic about its prospects despite a very tough business environment, the German insurer said on Wednesday as it posted a slightly better than expected first-quarter profit.
"We are looking optimistically to the future, though I will remind you that we are operating in a very, very difficult environment," Chief Executive Oliver Baete told Allianz's annual general meeting, held on the site of the 1972 Munich Olympics.
Allianz also confirmed its forecast for 2017 as it said
operating profit had risen 9.4 percent to 2.9 billion euros ($3.2 billion) in the quarter, while revenue was 2.5 percent higher at 36.2 billion euros.
"The key indicators show that the underlying business is delivering," RBC Capital Markets said. "The highlights provided today suggest that the business segments are performing well."
Shares in Allianz were up 0.7 percent at 177.25 euros by 1334 GMT in a flat STOXX Europe insurance index .SXIP.
Allianz and the insurance industry are facing challenges including increased regulation, competition from financial technology startups, uncertain U.S. policy, and questions surrounding Britain's exit from the European Union.
Despite this, the German group affirmed its forecast for 2017 operating profit of 10.8 billion euros ($11.8 billion), plus or minus 500 million euros, barring unforeseen events, crises or natural catastrophes.
GOOD START TO 2017
"Our first-quarter results were a good start into 2017 and our balance sheet remained strong," Baete said in a statement.
But large claims and natural disasters did drag on earnings in the first quarter, when it had to pay out relatively more. Allianz said its combined ratio, a closely-watched measure of expenses to premium income, rose to 95.6 from 93.3 percent.
Allianz said net income attributable to shareholders was 1.8 billion euros in the quarter, down 15.3 percent from a year ago, due largely to one-off gains from the sale of financial stakes the previous year.
Operating profit was 4 percent and net income 2 percent better than market consensus expectations, according to UBS.
Allianz's asset management business, which includes bond fund manager PIMCO, also showed signs of strength, with third-party assets under management rising to 1.40 trillion euros from 1.36 billion euros a year earlier and Baete told investors that PIMCO was "running splendidly".
Baete pointed to property insurance as a sector that was of particular interest for Allianz for acquisitions, but sought to quell concerns from some investors that it would rush into M&A.
"We will continue to be very careful investing your money," Baete said, noting that market prices are high.
Also at the AGM, shareholders formally ratified a proposal naming Michael Diekmann, the company's former CEO, as the new chairman of the supervisory board. He succeeds Helmut Perlet with effect from May 7.
(Editing by Maria Sheahan and Alexander Smith)
CAIRO, April 30 Egypt has kept its customs exchange rate steady at 16.5 pounds per dollar, 10 percent below the market price of the dollar for May, Amr al-Munir, deputy Finance minister for fiscal policies, told Reuters.
Egypt's inflation rate has soared since it floated its currency last November, with annual urban consumer price inflation hitting 30.9 percent in March - its highest level in more than three decades.
The exchange rate in Egyptian banks is around 18.9 pounds per dollar.
The central bank ditched its foreign exchange peg at 8.8 pounds per dollar in early November, and to help stabilise the newly-floated currency, it raised interest rates by 300 basis points. (Reporting by Ehab Farouk; writng by Amina Ismail, editing by David Evans)
April 3 New Mountain Finance Corp:
* New Mountain Finance Corporation commences offering of 5,000,000 shares of common stock
* New Mountain Finance Corp- intends to use net proceeds from offering primarily for new investments in portfolio companies Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Recidivist rapist and serial predator Colin Jack Mitchell, who was jailed indefinitely for two brutal and sexually motivated attacks on women in Auckland 25 years apart, will appeal his convictions.
On May 18 Mitchell, 60, was sentenced to preventive detention for the offending which means he can only be released if the Parole Board deems he is no longer a risk to the public.
In March, on the day Mitchell turned 60, a jury found him guilty of abducting a young woman from Ponsonby then wounding and assaulting her at a quarry in Riverhead, West Auckland.
Colin Mitchell appears in the High Court in Auckland for sentencing. New Zealand Herald Photo by Greg Bowker
After the same trial Mitchell was found guilty of the historic unsolved rape of a West Auckland mum in 1992.
The Herald has learned Mitchell has filed an appeal. It is unclear what the basis for the appeal is.
READ MORE:
• Colin Jack Mitchell 'like a shadow' over 1984 rape victim's life
• The Big Read: Riverhead quarry attacker Colin Mitchell's revolting previous rapes
• The Big Read: Riverhead quarry attack - from glittery cocktails to terror in the dark
• Riverhead quarry attacker Colin Mitchell's dark past revealed
• Riverhead quarry attacker sentenced: Preventive detention for Colin Jack Mitchell
Comment has been sought from Mitchell's defence team Mark Ryan and Jonathan Hudson.
Advertisement
The Court of Appeal is yet to confirm a date for the proceedings.
Russian President Vladimir Putin shakes hands with Iranian President Hassan Rouhani during a joint news conference following their meeting at the Kremlin in Moscow, Russia March 28, 2017. REUTERS/Sergei Karpukhin
MOSCOW Russian President Vladimir Putin and Iran's Hassan Rouhani said in a phone call that aggressive U.S. actions against Syria were not permissible and violated international law, the Kremlin said on Sunday.
The two leaders also called for an objective investigation into an incident involving chemical weapons in Syria's Idlib and said they were ready to deepen cooperation to fight terrorism, the Kremlin said in a statement on its website.
The Kremlin said the phone call took place on Iran's initiative.
(Reporting by Alexander Winning, editing by Larry King)
March 28 Mitsubishi Tanabe Pharma Corp :
* Says the co will transfer generic drug business and part of long-listed drugs business to its wholly owned unit, an Osaka-based drug sales firm, via company division
* Says the co plans to sell 100 percent stake in the drug sales unit to Nipro Corp
* Says effective Oct. 1
Source text in Japanese:goo.gl/TD4icm
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
April 3 Nicco UCO Alliance Credit Ltd
* Says tenure of Lakshmi Narain Kaul as managing director of Nicco UCO Alliance Credit Ltd. ceased Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
A jobless loner who deliberately mowed down Muslim worshippers in Finsbury Park in a “suicide mission” terror attack has been jailed for at least 43 years.
Darren Osborne ploughed a hire van on to a crowded pavement outside two mosques in north London shortly after midnight on June 19 last year, killing Makram Ali, 51, and injuring 12 others.
The 48-year-old, who had denied murder and attempted murder, acted to “kill, maim, injure and terrify” as many people as possible in a bid to sow “long-lasting terror among the Muslim population”.
Osborne, who stood with his hands crossed in front of him as sentence was passed, gave no reaction as Mrs Justice Cheema-Grubb told him: “This was a terrorist attack. You intended to kill.”
Ruzina Akhtar, one of Mr Ali's six children, appeared emotional outside court as she told how the family could not imagine what her father had felt in his final moments before being struck by the van.
Father-of-four Osborne had been “rapidly radicalised” by far-right material online and his “rage” fuelled by a string of UK terror attacks committed by “extremist Islamists”, the court heard.
“Over the space of a month or so your mindset became one of malevolent hatred,” the judge said.
“In short, you allowed your mind to be poisoned by those who claim to be leaders.”
A jury took just one hour to convict Osborne yesterday, dismissing his 11th-hour defence that a “fabricated” accomplice named Dave had been driving at the point of impact.
Sentencing today, the judge said: “You have been convicted on overwhelming evidence by an intelligent British jury who saw through your pathetic last-ditch attempt to deceive them by blaming someone else for your crimes.”
She described his murderous rampage as a “suicide mission”, adding that a handwritten note found in the cab of the van revealed his “twisted view of Muslims”.
The court heard he had become “obsessed” with Muslims after watching BBC drama Three Girls and was angered by what he deemed as inaction following a string of UK terror attacks.
Mrs Justice Cheema-Grubb said while he was radicalised in just weeks, his conduct in court exposed his “unreformed attitude and lack of insight” and his “belligerent and violent” character would pose a significant risk to the public for a long time to come.
During his nine-day trial, Osborne told the court he had wanted to kill senior Labour figures including leader Jeremy Corbyn and London Mayor Sadiq Khan.
He had also plotted to murder Rochdale Labour councillor Aftab Hussain, who he said had backed a member of grooming gangs, but called it off because he wanted “more casualties”.
The attacker admitted he had initially hoped to target the pro-Palestinian Al Quds march in central London, but his plans were thwarted by road closures.
Instead, he made his way to Finsbury Park, where he struck Muslims leaving evening prayers on the junction between Seven Sisters Road and Whadcoat Street.
Two minutes earlier Mr Ali had collapsed on the floor, just 100 yards from his front door, prompting bystanders to rush to his aid.
Makram Ali
Mrs Akhtar said her mother now struggles to sleep alone and fears leaving the house in case she is targeted because she is wearing a headscarf.
In a statement read to the court, she said her heart had been “shattered” by the death of her father, adding: “His life was taken in a cruel way by a very narrow-minded, heartless being.”
Following sentencing, she told reporters Mr Ali had been a “peaceful and simple man”, adding: “Our father, like the victims of most terrorism, was entirely innocent, which makes his death in this violent way all the more hurtful.
“We cannot imagine the trauma he felt in his last few minutes.”
The judge commended the actions of Imam Mohammed Mahmoud, of the Muslim Welfare House, who “had the strength of character to do the right thing under pressure”, when he stopped angry bystanders from attacking Osborne after the collision.
She said: “His behaviour throws into sharp relief the bile spewed out online from those who aspire to lead the haters.”
Mrs Justice Cheema-Grubb added: “He chose to respond to evil with good. His response should be everyone's response, whether it is to the evil of child grooming and abuse in Rochdale or the evil of terrorist atrocities in our cities.”
The court heard Osborne had a criminal record spanning 30 years and had appeared in court on 33 occasions for 102 convictions.
He first appeared in court aged just 15 and went on to commit an array of offences including shoplifting, fraud, burglary and assault.
He was sentenced to two years in prison for wounding with intent to cause grievous bodily harm in 2006.
– PA
Share it:
Don't Miss
May 3 TMX Group Ltd:
* April 2017 Volume for all TMX Equities Marketplaces 10.94 billion versus 14.21 billion last year
* April 2017 Transactions for all TMX Equities Marketplaces 18.3 million versus 24.2 million in March
* April 2017 Daily Average Volume for all TMX Equities Marketplaces 576.0 million versus 676.6 million last year
* April 2017 Daily Average Transactions for all TMX Equities Marketplaces 962,616 versus 1.0 million last year Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
FILE PHOTO: Former UEFA President Michel Platini speaks before the election of the new UEFA President in Athens, Greece September 14, 2016. REUTERS/Alkis Konstantinidis
PARIS Ex-UEFA president Michel Platini has criticised former FIFA chief Sepp Blatter, saying the Swiss who led soccer's world body for 17 years was determined to make him "his last scalp".
Platini and Blatter were banned from all football-related activities, initially for eight years, over a 2 million Swiss francs (1.6 million pounds) payment FIFA made to Platini in 2011, with Blatter's approval, for work done a decade earlier.
The Frenchman said the 81-year-old Blatter was the most selfish person he had ever known. "He thought he would grow old, finish then die and be buried in FIFA. It was his wish," Platini told Le Monde in an interview published on Thursday.
"He always said that I would be his last scalp. I know he had a fixation on me, to the end. Don't always believe what Blatter says. He'll always tell you what you want to hear but he's an exceptional political animal," he added.
The Frenchman, 61, told Le Monde the affair that led to his ban was "not over yet", although he did not elaborate.
He was sanctioned by FIFA's ethics committee after Blatter authorised the 2 million Swiss francs payment to Platini that amounted to "undue gifts" and violated FIFA's code of ethics.
"I still don't know what I've done wrong," said Platini.
Blatter has also always denied any wrongdoing.
The bans given to Platini and Blatter were cut to six years by FIFA's appeals committee before the Court of Arbitration for Sport (CAS) then reduced Platini's suspension to four years.
(Reporting by Julien Pretot; Editing by Ken Ferris; Editing by Ken Ferris)
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Better Life Commercial Chain Share Co Ltd :
* SAYS IT SIGNS STRATEGIC FRAMEWORK AGREEMENT WITH SHENZHEN TENCENT COMPUTER SYSTEMS ON RETAILING BUSINESS COOPERATION Source text in Chinese: bit.ly/2DYrnav Further company coverage: (Reporting by Hong Kong newsroom)
The US$ 3.2 Bn sourdough market will continue to be positively influenced by increasing application in bread production. Of the US$ 3.2 Bn worth of sourdough sold in 2016, demand from the bread segment totalled US$ 2.36 Bn. This segment is projected to increase at a CAGR of 7.1% through 2026. The dominance of the bread segment can be gauged from the fact that other key application segments – pizza, buns, cakes, cookies, and waffles & pancakes – collectively accounted for nearly 27% revenue share.
Western Europe continues to the largest market for sourdough, accounting for nearly 38% share of total revenues in 2016. Adoption of sourdough in Western Europe food manufacturing units continues to remain strong. Future Market Insights estimates the Western Europe sourdough market to increase at a CAGR of 7.1% through 2026. In terms of revenues, the market is projected to grow 2X from its 2016 market valuation of US$ 1.21 Bn. In terms of volume, over 552 thousand tonnes of sourdough was sold in 2016; FMI estimates it to reach over 975 thousand tonnes in 2026.
Request for Sample @ https://www.futuremarketinsights.com/reports/sample/rep-gb-1900
Opportunities in the Global Sourdough Market
Increasing demand for clean-label products has presented a lucrative opportunity for businesses
Use of sourdough is also gaining traction owing to its application in preparation of foods that require fermentation
Key Supply-side and Demand-side Drivers
According to Future Market Insights' report, demand for sourdough is increasing on account of its beneficial functional properties. Its property of enhancing flavour and texture is a key factor for its applications in the F&B sector, especially bakery sector
Increase in the number of artisan bakeries is positively influencing the demand for sourdough. Particularly high demand for type 1 sourdough – made using only wild yeasts – is being witnessed in artisan bakeries
Availability of sourdough products on e-commerce stores is also contributing to increasing sales
Growing demand for sourdough from the fast food and bakery sector is creating sizeable growth opportunities for manufacturers
High cost of sourdough products is a major impediment to their widespread adoption in developing countries.
Request for Table of Contents @ https://www.futuremarketinsights.com/toc/rep-gb-1900
Key Trends Expected to Shape Global Sourdough Market
Dehydrated sourdough (Type III) is gaining traction in the bakery industry. Freeze-drying remains the preferred dehydration technique for manufacturers.
Manufacturers are using devitalised sourdough for enhancing the aroma of products. Devitalised sourdough does not contain live organisms, enhancing its use as an aromatic agent
Consumer demand for healthy food products has resulted into the launch of chocolate sourdough loaves. Further, Future Market Insights identified increasing use of type I sourdough.
Sourdough Market Forecast and Analysis by Starter Culture
Type III starter culture currently accounts for nearly half of the revenue share of the global sourdough market. Over 773 thousand tonnes of sourdough was sold in 2016; by the end of the forecast period, Future Market Insights estimates global volumes to surpass 1.3 million tonnes.
Key companies profiled by Future Market Insights in its report include Puratos NV, Ernst Böcker GmbH & Co. KG, IREKS GmbH, Kampffmeyer Mühlen GmbH, Philibert Saveurs, Lesaffre, Dilbeek, Minden, Kulmbach, Hamburg, Pont-de-Veyle, and Marcq-en-Barœul.
Future Market Insights maintains a positive outlook on the global sourdough market, projecting it to grow by 6.8% CAGR through 2026 in terms of value. In terms of volume, demand is projected to grow at 5.5% CAGR.
Report Overview @ https://www.futuremarketinsights.com/reports/sourdough-market
April 5 JAB Holdings, the owner of Caribou Coffee and Peet's Coffee & Tea, said on Wednesday it would buy U.S. bakery chain Panera Bread Co in a all-cash deal valued at about $7.5 billion, including debt.
JAB Holdings's offer of $315 per Panera share represents a 20.3 percent premium to the stock's closing price on March 31, the last trading day before media reports of a potential deal.
A sale to JAB, which also owns Keurig Green Mountain, would help the company compete against rivals such as Dunkin Brands Group Inc. (Reporting by Anya George Tharakan in Bengaluru; Editing by Savio D'Souza)
March 31 Bank Of China Ltd
* fy net profit rmb 164,578 million versus rmb 170,845 million a year ago
* in 2016, group achieved a net interest income of rmb306.048 billion, a decrease of rmb22.602 billion or 6.88%
* as at dec 31, capital adequacy ratio was 14.28 percent versus 14.06 percent a year ago
* in 2016, group's net interest margin was 1.83%, a decrease of 29 basis points compared with prior year
* as at dec 31, npl ratio was 1.46 percent versus 1.43 percent a year ago
* board of directors has recommended a final dividend on ordinary shares for 2016 of rmb0.168 per share (before tax)
* Bank of china ltd - domestic and international economic situation will remain complicated in 2017
* china's economy is in a critical transition period, shifting from old to new growth drivers and experiencing structural challenges.
* "bank will endeavour to achieve stable and moderate credit growth and rmb loan of its domestic operations is expected to increase by 10% in 2017."
* "bank will also maintain deposit business as a core business, in a bid to provide stable sources of funding for development of its asset business."
* "bank will seek progress in mitigation of npas while maintaining stable asset quality" Source text:(bit.ly/2nGuWs6) Further company coverage:
The Company forges ahead with the capital restructuring program, adopts strategic measures to improve liquidity and undertakes further provisioning against legacy projects
End
-- UAE, August 14, 2017 - Drake & Scull International PJSC, a regional market leader in engineering and related services, has reported the results of its Board meeting held on 13th August 2017 including the financial results for Q2 2017 as it continues to execute its Capital Restructuring Program aimed at streamlining its financial position to improve operational performance and to restore the profitability of the Group.Revenues for the quarter stood at AED 660 million compared to AED 806 million recorded for the same period last year. The revenue achieved for the quarter is consistent with the parameters of the financial targets set forth by the Group at the outset of the fiscal year and is reflective of a sustained performance in key markets mainly the UAE.The Net loss of the quarter stood at AED 199 million as a result of the AED 68 million additional one-off provisions and impairments charges undertaken during Q2 2017. The provisions recorded in the quarter characterizes the strategic direction of the Group aimed at mitigating all contingent exposures to set a solid foundation for sustainable growth and profitability post completion of the Capital Restructuring Program.The Group's Board in its meeting to review and approve the financial results, also resolved to terminate the services of the CEO – Mr. Wael Allan. The Board also approved the resignations of several Board members including that of former Exeutive Vice Chairman Khaldoun Al Tabari.The Capital Restructuring Program is steaming ahead on schedule and is set to be concluded by the end of Q3 2017. Phase 1 of the program (capital reduction) will be concluded in few weeks with the approval for the issuance of the new equity to Tabarak Investment LLC expected to be completed in September. Phase 2 will see the Group's capital increase by AED 500 million with Tabarak Investment's entry as a Strategic Investor.Tabarak Investment LLC currently the largest shareholder of DSI, recently reaffirmed its commitment to the Company and extended an interest-free'Qard Hasan' loan of up to AED 100 million to the Group. The loan will be directed towards DSI's working capital requirements to accelerate projects performance and delivery as it proceeds with its Capital Restructuring Program.The Group advanced with the disposal of its non-core assets and has also finalized negotiations for the release of the remaining funds from the sale of its One Palm investment in Dubai in Q3 2017. The funds along with the fresh equity infusion from Tabarak Investment will help restore the liquidity of the Group, enabling DSI to successfully execute its projects backlog and improve productivity across all operating segments.As of 30th June 2017, the Group has a diverse order backlog of AED 6.6 billion and is in the advanced stages of negotiation for new orders, with the latest project wins expected to be announced during the second half of the year.Feras Kalthoum, Acting CFO, Drake & Scull International, said:"The results of the quarter should be viewed within the context of our turnaround plan and the capital restructuring program and are consistent with our financial targets set out at the outset of the fiscal year.""Our efforts to complete the Capital and Debt Restructuring of the Group coupled with continued balancing of our portfolio to mitigate any contingent exposure that may impact our future profitability will soon reflect positively on our financial performance and top line targets."Mohammed Atatreh, Board Member, Drake & Scull International PJSC, added:"The year 2017 will continue to be a transitional year for DSI as we proceed with the execution of our turnaround plan. Our efforts to streamline our operations and restore our financial position will enable us to set solid foundation for sustainable growth.""The continued support of Tabarak Investment has enabled us to maintain good progress year to date, keeping us on track to set up the Group for growth in 2018 and beyond. We look forward to shifting our focus on aggressively delivering and growing our order pipeline and invigorating our industry leadership."
Reuters Sports Schedule at 0001 on Thursday, June 15
We will bring all the latest transfer news from around Europe as teams begin improving their squads for next season. (SOCCER-COUNTRY-TEAM/ expect throughout)
JOHANNESBURG, March 31 South Africa's government is not in a good shape following a cabinet reshuffle by President Jacob Zuma, a spokesman for an umbrella union group allied to the ruling African National Congress said on Friday.
"We are concerned about instability in the ANC and government," Matthew Parks, a parliamentary coordinator for The Congress of South African Trade Unions told Reuters.
"The alliance is not in a good shape. Hopefully things can stabilise in the coming days. (Reporting by Joe Brock; Editing by Andrew Heavens)
(Adds details, analysis, quote by finance minister)
RIYADH, Aug 13 (Reuters) - Saudi Arabia's state budget deficit shrank by a fifth in the second quarter from a year earlier as revenues rose moderately on the back of higher oil prices.
The deficit dropped to 46.5 billion riyals ($12.4 billion) in the April-June period from about 58.4 billion riyals a year earlier, data from the finance ministry showed on Sunday. It expanded from 26.2 billion riyals in the first quarter of this year, however.
Saudi officials said the figures showed the world's largest oil exporter was making good progress in repairing state finances that have been severely damaged by slumping oil prices in the last three years.
"Today's update presents clear evidence of progress towards achieving fiscal balance by 2020," finance minister Mohammed al-Jadaan said in a statement.
"Whilst economic challenges remain, we are confident in achieving our fiscal deficit projections for 2017," he added. The government has projected a deficit of 198 billion riyals or roughly 8 percent of gross domestic product this year, down from an actual 297 billion riyals in 2016.
Revenues increased 6 percent from a year ago to 163.9 billion riyals in the second quarter. However, that was because of higher oil prices and Riyadh appeared to make little progress overall in developing non-oil revenues, which are key to its long-term drive to wean itself off dependence on energy exports.
Oil revenues jumped 28 percent from a year ago to 101.0 billion riyals while non-oil revenues shrank 17 percent to 62.9 billion riyals.
Spending dropped 1.3 percent to 210.4 billion riyals in the second quarter because of a nearly 40 percent fall in the government's "use of goods and services" - a sign that to save money, Riyadh was continuing to hold back on expenditure on infrastructure projects and was cutting operating costs. (Reporting by Katie Paul; Additional reporting by Ahmed Tolba in Cairo; Writing by Andrew Torchia; Editing by Susan Fenton)
OECD says New Zealand cbank should adopt debt-to-income limits on home loans
WELLINGTON, June 15 The Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) said on Thursday that New Zealand's central bank should add debt-to-income (DTI) limits on home loans to its toolkit to help cool the country's housing market.
HONG KONG (Reuters Breakingviews) - Tencent is drifting off course with Tesla. The $276 billion tech behemoth can easily afford a $1.8 billion stake in the Palo Alto-based group, run by entrepreneur Elon Musk. But Musk's electric cars are not a great fit with the Chinese group's cash-cow businesses, social media and mobile games. Making a huge, venture capital-style bet like this is a worrying sign of indiscipline.
Tencent's 5 percent stake in Tesla, revealed in a filing on Tuesday, is a huge endorsement for Musk and his vision of self-driving electric cars. Tencent is the most valuable tech company in China, and the country is the world's biggest auto market. The billionaire, who has been trying to boost sales in the People's Republic, tweeted that he welcomed Tencent "as an investor and adviser". There will be a welcome cash inflow too, although the size is not clear: Tencent both bought into a company stock offering earlier this month and purchased some existing shares in the market.
This is a manageable amount for Tencent: it had $2.6 billion of net cash as of December and generated roughly the same amount in free cash flow in the fourth quarter. Like arch-rivals Alibaba and Baidu, Tencent has poured big sums into chasing future sources of growth, like cloud computing and payments. And this follows earlier VC-like deals in related areas, including electric vehicle startups, artificial intelligence and into ride-hailing giant Didi Chuxing.
But backing smaller startups at home is one thing. Those investments give Tencent an early look at potential future competitors - and an advantage should it ever need to buy those businesses out. It is another thing to splash out billions on a passive stake in a publicly traded U.S. stock. Shareholders could buy Tesla stock themselves if they wanted.
Tesla's bid to reshape the auto industry is also considerably bolder and riskier than mobile gaming or selling advertising on social networks, two businesses that generate large sums of cash from the get-go. This looks like a bit of reckless driving.
SEATTLE (AP) – Seattle Mayor Jenny Durkan wants to move hundreds more homeless people into tiny homes, emergency shelters and other immediate housing in the next 90 days.
Her plan to be unveiled Wednesday comes two weeks after she signed in to a law a tax on large businesses to pay for homeless services and low-income housing.
That employee-hours tax will begin in January but a coalition of businesses is collecting signatures to put a referendum on the November ballot to overturn the tax.
Durkan's plan relies on one-time money from the sale of city property to provide immediate housing for 525 additional people each night. Currently, the city operates about 2,032 shelter beds.
The plan needs City Council approval.
Last year, the Seattle region had the third-highest number of homeless people in the U.S.
WASHINGTON, Feb 2 (Reuters) - The U.S. Justice Department is seeking “substantial” civil fines from Fiat Chrysler Automobiles NV after the government filed suit accusing the company of illegally using software that led to excess emissions in 104,000 U.S. diesel vehicles sold since 2014, a person briefed on the matter said Friday.
Bloomberg News reported Friday that the Justice Department sent Fiat Chrysler lawyers a Jan. 27 settlement offer that included requiring the company to offset excess pollution and take steps to prevent future excess emissions.
A person briefed on the matter confirmed the letter included language that a settlement “must include very substantial civil penalties.”
At a discussion in Washington last week between the Justice Department and Fiat Chrysler overseen by court-appointed settlement adviser Ken Feinberg, no specific figures were discussed, two people briefed on the talks said. Another round of settlement talks is set for late this month.
Feinberg and Fiat Chrysler declined to comment.
In July, Fiat Chrysler won approval from federal and California regulators to sell 2017 model year diesel vehicles after it came under scrutiny for alleged excess emissions in older diesel models.
To resolve the excess pollution issue, Fiat Chrysler lawyer Robert Giuffra said in December at a court hearing the company remains confident it can use updated emissions software in the 2017 vehicles as the basis of a fix to address agencies' concerns over 2014-2016 diesel vehicles.
The Justice Department said in December that company testing on the proposed fix began on Dec. 17 and would take about three months. The government will then have 30 days to review the results and expects to make a determination by the end of April.
Regulators have said Fiat Chrysler diesel vehicles had undisclosed emissions controls that allowed vehicles to emit excess pollution during normal driving. The company has denied wrongdoing, saying there was never an attempt to create software to cheat emissions rules.
Fiat Chrysler's emissions case came after Volkswagen AG's diesel emissions scandal prompted increased industry scrutiny. (Reporting by David Shepardson; Editing by Cynthia Osterman)
PRETORIA May 2 South Africa's central bank is concerned about further downgrades to local currency debt and the impact on the stability of the domestic financial system, it said in a report on Tuesday.
Africa's most industrialised economy has this year suffered from credit ratings downgrades after President Jacob Zuma sacked respected Finance Minister Pravin Gordhan in late March.
"The possibility of further downgrades to South Africa's local currency rating and South Africa consequently being excluded from the remaining bond indices is disconcerting," the bank said in a financial stability review.
The regulator added that should ratings agencies downgrade South African local currency debt further it could have a significant impact on the cost of funding and investment flows.
"Market volatility could increase as a result, with sharp losses likely to be recorded in the currency, bond and equity markets, thereby negatively affecting the stability of the domestic financial system," it said.
S&P Global Ratings cut South African foreign debt to sub-investment grade in April, while Fitch downgraded both the foreign and local currency debt to "junk" status.
Moody's, two notches above junk status, has put South Africa on review for a downgrade.
Local currency borrowing makes up about 90 percent of the South Africa's total 2.2 trillion rand ($165 billion) of debt.
($1 = 13.2956 rand) (Reporting by Olivia Kumwenda-Mtambo; Editing by Joe Brock)
Lionel Messi's 25th LaLiga goal of the season kept Barcelona on track for the 2017/18 LaLiga Santander title, during a weekend which also saw Real Madrid star Cristiano Ronaldo make up ground in the ‘Pichichi' top scorers' race with a four goal ‘poker'.
Messi's strike in Barça's 2-0 victory over Athletic Club on Sunday afternoon means the Argentine has now scored at least 25 goals in each of the last nine LaLiga seasons. Paco Alcacer was also on the score sheet at the Camp Nou as the blaugrana side moved another step closer to a first ever entire LaLiga season unbeaten.
Barça is now 11 points clear at the top of the table, after second placed Atlético Madrid lost 2-1 at Villarreal on Sunday afternoon. Atlético lead thanks to Antoine Griezmann's first half penalty, but a late double from Turkey international Enes Unal turned the game around completely.
Real Madrid remain third after a 6-3 win at home to Girona on Sunday evening, with Ronaldo scoring four times to move to 22 goals in LaLiga this term – 18 of which have come in his last nine outings. Madrid's Lucas Vazquez and Gareth Bale also netted, while Girona kept battling back via Cristhian Stuani [two] and Juanpe headers at set-pieces.
Valencia retain their hold on fourth spot after a 3-1 home win over Alavés at Mestalla, a fifth victory in six LaLiga games for Los Che, who had in form strike pair Simone Zaza and Rodrigo Moreno on the score sheet.
Leganes again showed LaLiga's impressive strength in depth, beating Champions League quarter-finalists Sevilla 2-1 at Butarque at Sunday lunchtime. The visitors' Mexico international Miguel Layun scored his first LaLiga goal late on.
Real Betis are up to seventh in the LaLiga table after a 3-0 win at home to Espanyol on Saturday evening. Man of the match was Algeria international Ryad Boudebouz, who both scored and assisted in a LaLiga game for the first time.
Getafe climbed into the top half with a 2-1 comeback victory at Real Sociedad on Saturday evening. La Real announced on Sunday that B team coach Imanol Alguacil was being promoted to replace Eusebio Sacristan as first team boss for the rest of the season.
Paco Lopez became the first Levante coach to win both his first two LaLiga games in charge, with young Ghana striker Emmanuel Boateng hitting the winner in a 2-1 home victory over Eibar which gives his side a six point cushion over the bottom three.
The weekend's big battle at the bottom finished 1-1 at Riazor, with Las Palmas playmaker Alen Halilovic's fine solo goal putting his side ahead on just three minutes, but Deportivo La Coruna defender Raul Albentosa equalising with a header before half time.
Bottom team Malaga also gained a point with a 0-0 draw at home to Celta Vigo on Sunday afternoon. However the Andalusians now have a 12 point gap to safety, with just nine games remaining.
April 6 Achillion Pharmaceuticals Inc
* Achillion announces initiation of patient dosing in phase 2 study of ACH-4471 for paroxysmal nocturnal hemoglobinuria
* Achillion Pharmaceuticals Inc - interim results from phase 2 open-label study of ACH-4471 are anticipated during q2 of 2017
* Achillion - look forward to evaluating ACH-4471 in phase 2 trial for patients with C3 glomerulopathy that co plans initiate during H2 of this year Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
MOVES-Bank of America prime brokerage executive jumps to RBC
NEW YORK, June 14 Jonathan Yalmokas has resigned as Bank of America Corp's head of prime brokerage in the Americas to lead an equity financing business at Royal Bank of Canada, a person familiar with the move said on Wednesday.
UPDATE 1-Daimler, Saudi's Kingdom Holding invest in ride-hailing firm Careem
DUBAI, June 15 Carmaker Daimler and Saudi Arabia's Kingdom Holding, a firm owned by billionaire Prince Alwaleed bin Talal, have taken part in an $150 million investment in Dubai-based ride-hailing firm Careem.
TOKYO, Feb 2 (Reuters) -
* Japan's Maruzen Petrochemical Co Ltd says it has confirmed that the company was involved in “inappropriate conduct regarding quality inspection” on 21 products such as propylene and benzene
* Says it failed to conduct some of the tests and analysis on products that are outlined in contracts with customers
* Says it has not confirmed any breaking of the law
* Says the products in question are likely to have been shipped to 121 customers
* Says it would set up an internal investigative committee to make thorough checks on the issue and come up with measures to prevent their recurrence (Reporting by Osamu Tsukimori; Editing by Christian Schmollinger)
March 30 Tsinghua Unigroup:
* Says media reports of it bidding for Toshiba Corp's chip business are pure rumours and groundless, according to a statement on its website
* Says it "never participated in the bid and related matters" Source text in Chinese: here Further company coverage: (Reporting by Sijia Jiang)
Digital Radio Frequency Memory (DRFM) is an electronic method for digitally capturing and retransmitting RF signal. DRFMs are mainly used in radar jamming, although applications in cellular communications are becoming common. The most significant feature of DRFM is that it is coherent with the source of the received signal, even after being a digital duplicate of the received signal, along with no signal degradation. The growth of digital radio frequency memory market is influenced by the factors such as, technological advancements in military radars, rising cross-boundary disputes leading to increase in usage of military EW systems, advent of cognitive electronic warfare technology, reduction in defense expenditure of developed nations, and prohibition on the usage of jammers for civilian applications. The players involved in the DRFM market value chain are expected to witness humongous opportunities due to the development of DRFM-based jammers for UAV applications. Moreover, market players are adopting strategies such as agreements & partnerships, new product developments, contracts, and business expansions to strengthen their positions in the market.
Digital Radio Frequency Memory Market Research Objective
To define the scope and simplify the research study based on architecture, sector, application, and region.
• Estimate the current market size and forecast the same for the period (2017-2024).
• Market share by revenue for each segment and region analyzed.
• To provide insights on the major market dynamics (drivers, restraints & opportunities) and their impact analysis for the forecast period.
• Micro and macro level analysis of the market to elucidate lucrative investment opportunities.
• Porter's five forces analysis to deliver a comprehensive buyer-seller scenario and the state of business environment.
• Identification of the digital radio frequency memory market trends in current scenario and its growth indicators.
• Benchmarking leading vendors in the digital radio frequency memory industry based on their strategic attempts, financial status, and other internal and external parameters.
Request Sample Copy of the Report@www.esticastresearch.com/market-reports/digital-radio-frequency-memory-market/request-sample
Digital Radio Frequency Memory Market Segmentation
By Architecture
Memory
• Processor
• Modulator
• Convertor
• Others
By Sector
Defense
• Commercial & Civil
By Application
Electronic Warfare
• Radar Test & Evaluation
• Electronic Warfare Training
• Radio & Cellular Network Jamming
Digital Radio Frequency Memory Market By Region
North America
• Europe
• Asia-Pacific
• Rest of the World
Offered Customization
For this specific report, we offer 20% of free customization in order to deliver a tailored research report that specifically covers areas of client's interest in the digital radio frequency memory market. Following are some most desired customization offers on this report:
Geographical Customization
• Split of the regional market into specific countries as per client's research requirements.
• Further breakdown of the major segments into sub-segments (as per request).
Vendor Profile Customization
• Further exhaustive analysis of additional companies operating in the market as per request.
Distinctive Requirements
• Research report on digital radio frequency memory market covering specific country/region only.
• Requests for data tables only (specific requirement to quantitative research).
Request for Customized Report @www.esticastresearch.com/market-reports/digital-radio-frequency-memory-market/request-customise-form
About Esticast Research &Consulting :
Esticast Research & Consulting is a research firm providing research reports on various industries with a unique combination of authenticity, extensive research, and infallibility. We provide syndicated market research reports, customization services, and consulting services to help businesses across the world in achieving their goals and overcoming complex challenges. We specialize in providing 360 degree view of the markets to assist clients in determining new opportunities and develop business strategies for the future with data and statistics on changing market dynamics.
Esticast Research & Consulting has expert analysts and consultants with an ability to work in collaboration with clients to meet their business needs and give opportunities to thrive in a competitive world. A comprehensive analysis of industries ranging from healthcare to consumer goods and ICT to BFSI is provided by covering hundreds of industry segments. The research reports offering market forecasts, market entry strategies, and customer intelligence will help clients across the world in harnessing maximum value on their investment and realize their optimum potential.
Contact
Esticast Research & Consulting
410 State Route 57 East,#206, Washington, NJ 07882
Tel: 1-908-379-7709
Fax: 1-908-379-7709
Email: help@esticastresearch.com
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
SALT LAKE CITY (AP) — Utah billionaire and philanthropist Jon Huntsman Sr., who overcame poverty to become one of the state's most successful and powerful people, died Friday at age 80.
Huntsman's longtime assistant Pam Bailey said he died in Salt Lake City but she declined to name a cause of death. The Huntsman Corp., which he founded, said in a statement that Huntsman died at his home, surrounded by family.
Huntsman was the founder and longtime executive chairman of the $11 billion company that refines raw materials that go into thousands of products. He was also the father of Jon Huntsman Jr., the U.S. ambassador to Russia and former Utah governor, presidential candidate and ambassador to China and Singapore.
The elder Huntsman and his family have given away more than $1.4 billion, including donations to a Salt Lake City cancer institute that bears his name.
Advertisement
"Cancer is hideous and deplorable and must be conquered, and it will be, as any evil eventually is defeated," Huntsman wrote in his 2014 autobiography. He said he would see to it that the institute continues its mission "if it takes my last dollar--and I expect that will be the case."
In 1970, Huntsman founded the Huntsman Container Corp., which focused on food packaging and pioneered the clamshell container used for McDonald's Corp.'s Big Mac hamburger. He formed Huntsman Chemical Corp. in 1982 and more than a decade later, consolidated his companies as Huntsman Corp., producing materials used in a wide range of products, from textiles and paints to plastics and aviation components.
Huntsman stepped down from his role in December and his son Peter Huntsman took over as the company's leader. His father continued to serve on the company's board of director and was named chairman emeritus.
"He leaves behind a great company, but even more so, a legacy of optimism, ethical behavior and philanthropy that will serve as his greatest accomplishments," Peter Huntsman said in a statement.
After amassing his fortune, Jon Huntsman gave more than $100 million in the mid-1990s to establish a research center at the University of Utah dedicated to finding a cure for cancer through human genetics. Huntsman, who lost both his parents to cancer and fought his own battle with the disease, eventually gave more than $400 million to the Huntsman Cancer Institute and its foundation.
He also wielded his power as a billionaire benefactor to the center. After the cancer institute's director and CEO was fired in April 2017, Huntsman mounted a public campaign criticizing leaders of the university and took out full-age newspaper advertisements calling the officials "inept and uncaring." The director and CEO was reinstated a week after her firing and the school's health care leader and president stepped down.
The billionaire and his family also gave generously to Utah's homeless shelters as well as more than $50 million to the Armenian people after a 1988 earthquake in that country left thousands homeless.
He also played key roles in state and national politics.
Huntsman was a special assistant to President Richard Nixon and briefly ran his own 1988 campaign for Utah's governor.
Huntsman later served as a finance chairman for Mitt Romney's 2008 presidential bid and in 2012, worked for his son's presidential bid, giving more than $1.8 billion to a super PAC supporting the younger Huntsman.
Following his son's short-lived race for the Republican nomination, Huntsman kept a toehold in Utah current affairs, occasionally offering political commentary to Utah newspapers and even expressing an interest in purchasing The Salt Lake Tribune.
His son Paul Huntsman purchased the newspaper in 2016 and named his father chairman emeritus.
In the 1980s, Huntsman explored purchasing the Tribune's competitor, the Mormon-church owned Deseret News. He met with high-level leaders with The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints but faith leaders did not want to pursue the offer, Huntsman wrote in his autobiography.
A committed member of the Mormon church, Huntsman served in several high-level leadership positions with the faith and had close friendships with the past five church presidents.
The First Presidency of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints said in a statement that his "legacy of faithful leadership, generosity and goodness" would be a beacon for many around the world.
Huntsman said the family was exposed to the dark side of wealth and fame in 1987, when his then-16-year-old son James Huntsman was kidnapped at knifepoint from his driveway. The teenager was forced to call his father to arrange payment of $1 million ransom. He was later rescued by FBI agents.
Huntsman was born in 1937 in Blackfoot, Idaho and later moved to California, where he met his wife Karen while in junior high there.
The couple later moved to Salt Lake City in the 1970s where they raised nine children, many of whom became involved in the family business.
Huntsman is survived by his wife and eight children. One daughter, Kathleen Ann Huntsman, died in 2010 at age 44 after struggling for years with an eating disorder.
Bailey had no immediate details on funeral plans Friday.
___
This story has been updated to correct the current value of the Huntsman Corp. It is $11 billion, not $13 billion.
BRUSSELS, April 5 EU antitrust regulators blocked on Wednesday a joint bid by German cement producers HeidelbergCement and Schwenk for Cemex's Croatian business after the companies failed to address competition concerns.
The European Commission said the companies' proposal to grant rivals access to a cement terminal in southern Croatia was not sufficient, confirming a Reuters story on March 28.
"We had clear evidence that this takeover would have led to price increases in Croatia, which could have adversely affected the construction sector. HeidelbergCement and Schwenk failed to offer appropriate remedies to address these concerns," European Competition Commissioner Margrethe Vestager said in a statement. (Reporting by Foo Yun Chee; editing by Philip Blenkinsop)
Contact
Kitty Kurth
***@kurthlampe.com Kitty Kurth
End
--Four years ago today, three photojournalists were arrested for taking pictures of the 2013 Rabaa Massacre in Cairo: American Mike Giglio, Louis Jammes, a Frenchman and Mahmoud Abou Zeid, known professionally as Shawkan, an Egyptian.The American journalist and the French journalist were beaten and released after two hours.was also beaten, but remains in prison on pre-trial detention despite the fact that Egyptian law says that he cannot be held more than two years without a trial. He is extremely ill with Hepatitis-C and not being provided with proper medical care.Last year, Shawkan was awarded journalistic freedom awards in absentia from both the Committee to Protect Journalists and National Press Club. They repeated Shawkan's mantra: Journalism is not a crime.we respectfully request that you take into consideration Shawkan's situation. His detention violates Egyptian law, violates freedom of the press and violates at least three tenets of the human rights conditions tied to the United States aid to Egypt.The U.S. continues providing funds to Egypt despite Amnesty International ( https://www.amnesty.org/ en/get-involved/ take-action/ journ... ) and other organizations sounding the alarm that human rights abuses are still being perpetrated by the Egyptian government despite el-Sisi's assurances ( http://www.ibtimes.co.uk/ sisi-has-kept- mahmoud-abu- zeid-j... ). The U.S. government's voice should be the loudest of the chorus.We hope that one of the outcomes of the budget discussion is for Congress to compel the Egyptian government to cease human rights violations and free Shawkan or risk jeopardizing the aid they count on from the U.S..For more information on Shawkan's journalistic freedom awards:https://cpj.org/awards/2016/mahmoud-abou-zeid-egypt.phphttp://www.press.org/news-multimedia/news/national-press-club-honors-two-photographers-press-freedom-awards
March 29 Human Metabolome Technologies Inc :
* Says it will set up a wholly owned sub-subsidiary named Human Metabolome Technologies Europe B.V. with capital of 500,000 euros in the Netherlands via subsidiary Human Metabolome Technologies America, Inc in July
* Says the new sub-subsidiary will be engaged in supply of metabolome analysis service
Source text in Japanese: goo.gl/iip71Z
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte waits for the Southeast Asian leaders to arrive during the opening ceremony of the Association of Southeast Asian Nations (ASEAN) summit in Manila, Philippines April 29, 2017. REUTERS/Erik De Castro
MANILA U.S. President Donald Trump was aware of the criticism Philippine counterpart Rodrigo Duterte had received over his controversial war on drugs, but praised him for doing a "great job" when they spoke, Duterte's spokesman said on Tuesday.
Trump's invitation to the Philippine leader to visit him at the White House unleashed a storm of criticism in Washington due to the scale of the bloodshed of Duterte's anti-drugs campaign, which has killed thousands of people over the past 10 months.
The White House defended the invitation made during a phone call on Saturday, acknowledging that though human rights were an important issue, Washington needed allies in Asia to address the global threat of North Korea's development of nuclear weapons.
Duterte's spokesman, Ernesto Abella, said Trump was very much aware of the criticism of Duterte, but had praised him for "doing a great job considering the weight and the enormity of the conditions in the Philippines".
It was not clear if Abella was quoting Trump as praising the anti-drugs campaign specifically, or Duterte's performance as president in general.
"I'm sure he's aware of all these considerations," Abella added, referring to Trump.
"However, from his point of view, it seems like the president of the Philippines is doing a sensible job."
Duterte has received widespread condemnation in the West for failure to curtail the killings and address activists' allegations of systematic, state-sponsored murders by police of drug users and dealers, which the authorities reject.
Duterte has also received praise, however, for his handling of one of the world's fastest-growing economies, and a policy agenda geared towards supporting farmers and small businesses, developing infrastructure and fighting poverty in a country where a fifth of the people live on less than $1 a day.
But critics said Trump had gone a step too far with an invitation that was tantamount to an endorsement of Duterte's bloody approach to law and order.
Duterte is also known for his foul language in lambasting the United States on a near-daily basis for what he calls a history of hypocrisy. He is last week called the New York Times "assholes" for its coverage of his anti-drugs campaign.
Ben Cardin, a ranking member of the foreign relations committee of the U.S. Senate, said he was "deeply disturbed" by the invitation, and said he would this week introduce bipartisan legislation to send a warning to Duterte, which would include a ban on arms sales to the Philippine police.
"This is a man who has boasted publicly about killing his own citizens," Cardin said in a statement.
"Ignoring human rights will not advance U.S. interests in the Philippines or any place else. Just the opposite."
Abella also reiterated that Duterte had acknowledged Trump's invitation, but had not accepted it.
Although Trump gave no timeframe for the invitation, Duterte on Monday told reporters he could not commit because he might be "tied up" with other overseas trips.
(Reporting by Martin Petty; Editing by Robert Birsel)
BRIEF-Clifton Bancorp Inc to pay $0.25 special dividend
* Clifton Bancorp Inc - declared a special cash dividend of $0.25 per share on its outstanding common stock, payable on or about July 13, 2017 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
WeWork CEO says revenue runs at $1 bln a year, no IPO details yet
NEW YORK, June 14 The chief executive of WeWork Cos Inc said on Wednesday the coworking space startup he co-founded is now generating $1 billion a year in revenue at current rates and will launch an initial public offering, but did not say where or when.
May 3 Britain's FTSE 100 index is seen opening 13 points lower on Wednesday, according to financial bookmakers. * BARCLAYS: Barclays Chief Executive Jes Staley is involved in a dispute with private equity firm KKR & Co KKR.N, which is a client of the bank, the Wall Street Journal reported on Tuesday. * EVRAZ: Evraz Plc, Russia's No. 2 steelmaker, signed an agreement with Kinder Morgan Inc to supply about 250,000 metric tons of pipe to the U.S. pipeline company for the expansion of the Trans Mountain pipeline. * ITV: Broadcaster ITV bought a majority stake in World Productions, the company behind the popular BBC series Line of Duty, for an undisclosed sum, The Times reported on Wednesday. bit.ly/2oVqI2f * OIL: Crude oil prices bounced back on Wednesday as a decline in U.S. inventories underpinned the market, although a dip in compliance with OPEC efforts to reduce output capped gains. * COPPER: London copper dropped on Wednesday from a three-week high hit the session before as prices consolidated after failing to break technical resistance and given a lack of other drivers, traders said. * GOLD: Gold prices fell to a three-week low on Tuesday, as demand for riskier assets drove stocks higher and the dollar hit a six-week peak against the yen. * The UK blue chip index closed up 0.6 percent at 7,250.05 points on Tuesday, with well-received results from heavyweight BP helping to underpin gains in a positive start to the first trading day of the month. * For more on the factors affecting European stocks, please click on: cpurl://apps.cp./cms/?pageId=livemarkets * UK CORPORATE DIARY: J D Wetherspoon Plc Q3 2017 Trading Statement Release Focusrite Plc Half Year 2017 Earnings Release Sage Group Plc Half Year 2017 Earnings Release Carillion Plc Q1 2017 Trading Statement Release Imperial Brands Plc Half Year 2017 Earnings Release J Sainsbury PLC Full Year 2016/17 Earnings Release International Personal Q1 2017 Trading Update Release Finance PLC Intu Properties Plc Q1 2017 AGM Trading Statement Release Direct Line Insurance Group Q1 2017 Trading Update Plc TODAY'S UK PAPERS > Financial Times > Other business headlines Multimedia versions of Reuters Top News are now available for: * 3000 Xtra : visit topnews.session.rservices.com * For Top News : topnews.reuters.com (Reporting by Harish Bhaskar; Editing by Sunil Nair)
MUMBAI Despite being around for a decade and dragged through a fixing controversy in 2013, the Indian Premier League (IPL) seems to have lost none of its lustre, as the 10th edition of the tournament gets underway on Wednesday.
Top cricketers from across the globe will share the limelight for the next month and a half with some of Bollywood's top stars who have become team owners and some of India's richest executives, who have wanted a stake in the team franchises since the tournament began in 2008.
Steve Smith, David Warner and Glenn Maxwell will lead their respective franchises in the tournament, setting aside any lingering acrimony after the recent test series between India and Australia.
The IPL, which this year runs from April 5 until May 21, has been a trailblazer of sorts, inspiring similar tournaments elsewhere and even other sports.
The cash-rich tournament ran into trouble in 2013, when a corruption scandal resulted in the suspension of the Chennai and Rajasthan franchises for two seasons and bans on three players.
The Western Indian cities of Pune and Rajkot were then inducted as home to two new franchises for two years, ending after the current season.
The England and Wales Cricket Board is also warming up to the tournament after its initial apprehension. England has recently moved closer to launching a new city-based Twenty20 tournament of its own by 2020 to rival the IPL and Australia's Big Bash League.
An unprecedented eight English players have signed up for the eight-team IPL for the 2017 season, with Ben Stokes joining Pune for a staggering 145 million rupees (£1.79 million) for one season, while Twenty20 teammate Tymal Mills was snapped up for 120 million rupees by Bangalore. The playing elevens of each team must consist of at least seven local players.
While the likes of Stokes and Mills will add sheen to the upcoming edition, the tournament has been hit by injuries following India's long 13-test home season.
Bangalore will be without captain Virat Kohli for at least the initial phase while left-arm spinner Ravindra Jadeja and paceman Umesh Yadav will miss the start of the tournament for Gujarat and Kolkata respectively.
Other injury victims include India spinner Ravichandran Ashwin and openers Murali Vijay and Lokesh Rahul.
"Every season brings new challenges," IPL veteran and Delhi spinner Amit Mishra told reporters on Wednesday.
"The game is getting faster every year. You have to adapt accordingly. This is the biggest challenge for the players."
Champions Hyderabad, captained by Warner, host Bangalore in the first match in a repeat of last season's final.
(Editing by Hugh Lawson)
March 28 Autolite India Ltd
* Says approved conversion of 600,000 warrants into equity shares at premium inr 8 per share
* Says approved continuation of office of managing director by mahipal gupta on attaining age of 70 years on september 13, 2017 Source text: bit.ly/2ncEYxy Further company coverage:
April 10 Cedar Fair LP:
* Cedar Fair announces offering of $500 million senior unsecured notes
* Cedar Fair LP - intends to commence a private offering of $500 million aggregate principal amount of senior unsecured notes due 2027
* Cedar Fair LP says intends to use net proceeds of offering to redeem all of its 5.25% senior unsecured notes due 2021
* Cedar Fair LP -finalized arrangements to refinance existing credit facilities with new credit facilities, consisting of $750 million 7-year term loan facility
* Cedar Fair LP - new senior secured credit facilities also consists of a $275 million five-year revolving credit facility Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
The following factors could affect Italian markets on Thursday.
Reuters has not verified the newspaper reports, and cannot vouch for their accuracy. New items are marked with (*).
For a complete list of diary events in Italy please click on .
DEBT
Treasury announces sale of 12-month BOT bills, with relative amounts to be auctioned on April 11.
COMPANIES
TELECOM ITALIA, VIVENDI
French media group Vivendi has told the European Commission it could "de facto" control Telecom Italia after a shareholder meeting next month appoints a new board of directors, three sources close to the matter said.
Telecom Italia bondholders' meeting (1300 GMT) (*) Vivendi no longer plans to appoint its CEO Arnaud de Puyfontaine as Telecom Italia chairman to defuse the risk of having to consolidate Telecom's debt and of a freezing of its voting rights due to its dominant position, Il Messaggero reported. (*) Telecom Italia's top managers will meet Vivendi's Chairman Vincent Bollore before the presentation of the slates of candidates for the board of directors, Il Sole 24 Ore said. The number of board directors will drop to 15 from current 17, the newspaper added.
(*) BANCA CARIGE
In a letter to the European Central Bank, the lender has said that its liquidity has increased since last year and it is now at a safe level, Il Sole 24 Ore reported citing sources.
Savings shareholders' meeting (0830 GMT).
(*) FINCANTIERI
The French government will decide on Thursday its official stance on a possible sale of STX France to the Italian shipbuilder, Il Sole 24 Ore said.
(*) UNICREDIT
Top investor Aabar has terminated a collar option on its stake in UniCredit, MF reported citing documents.
FIAT CHRYSLER
Car dealers on Wednesday added to concerns about the state of the U.S. auto industry and how tough any downturn might be if its six-year recovery has ended.
CNH INDUSTRIAL
CNH Industrial unit said on Wednesday it issued at par $500 million notes due 2022 paying a coupon of 4.375 percent.
POPOLARE DI VICENZA, CATTOLICA
Banca Popolare di Vicenza said insurer Cattolica had unexpectedly exercised its right to sell its stake in common insurance joint ventures. It rejected Cattolica's complaint over Popolare di Vicenza's 2014 capital increase.
(*) MONDADORI
The publisher will continue to invest in Italy and France with acquisitions and other initiatives, Chairman Marina Berlusconi told managers in a recent meeting, Il Sole 24 Ore reported.
AZIMUT HOLDING
Azimut said over 99 percent of its subordinated convertible bond repurchase had been tendered.
IL SOLE 24 ORE
Italy's Sole 24 Ore said it posted a 2016 net loss of 91.9 million euros and would propose a cash call up to 70 million euros.
ASTALDI
"Fitter for the future. Strategic update 2017-21" (0900 GMT).
PITECO
Piteco buys controlling stake in American digital payment and clearing house operator.
BANCO DI SARDEGNA
Annual general meeting (0800 GMT).
BANCO DESIO
Annual and extraordinary shareholders' meetings (0800 GMT).
For Italian market data and news, click on codes in brackets:
20 biggest gainers (in percentage)............
20 biggest losers (in percentage).............
FTSE IT allshare index
FTSE Mib index........
FTSE Allstars index...
FTSE Mid Cap index....
Block trades..........
Stories on Italy...... IT-LEN
For pan-European market data and news, click on codes in brackets: European Equities speed guide................... FTSEurofirst 300 index.............................. DJ STOXX index...................................... Top 10 STOXX sectors........................... Top 10 EUROSTOXX sectors...................... Top 10 Eurofirst 300 sectors................... Top 25 European pct gainers....................... Top 25 European pct losers........................ Main stock markets: Dow Jones............... Wall Street report ..... Nikkei 225............. Tokyo report............ FTSE 100............... London report........... Xetra DAX............. Frankfurt market stories CAC-40................. Paris market stories... World Indices..................................... Reuters survey of world bourse outlook......... Western European IPO diary.......................... European Asset Allocation........................ Reuters News at a Glance: Equities............... Main currency report:...............................
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Speculators' net bearish bets on U.S. 10-year Treasury note futures rose to their highest in nearly 11 months in earlier this week when 10-year yield was on its way to hit a four-year peak, according to Commodity Futures Trading Commission data released on Friday. The amount of speculators' bearish, or short, positions in 10-year Treasury futures exceeded bullish, or long, positions by 215,600 contracts on 30 Jan 2018, according to the CFTC's latest Commitments of Traders data. This was the highest level of speculative net shorts in 10-year T-note futures since 298,514 on March 7, 2017. A week earlier, speculators held 117,877 net short positions in 10-year T-note futures. Below is a table of the speculative positions in Treasury futures on the Chicago Board of Trade and in Eurodollar futures on the Chicago Mercantile Exchange in the latest week: U.S. 2-year T-notes (Contracts of $200,000) 30 Jan 2018 Prior week week Long 405,884 415,984 Short 734,950 717,070 Net -329,066 -301,086 U.S. 5-year T-notes (Contracts of $100,000) 30 Jan 2018 Prior week week Long 631,711 612,262 Short 1,025,158 1,047,269 Net -393,447 -435,007 U.S. 10-year T-notes (Contracts of $100,000) 30 Jan 2018 Prior week week Long 671,251 680,153 Short 886,851 798,030 Net -215,600 -117,877 U.S. T-bonds (Contracts of $100,000) 30 Jan 2018 Prior week week Long 188,026 204,496 Short 134,627 148,765 Net 53,399 55,731 U.S. Ultra T-bonds (Contracts of $100,000) 30 Jan 2018 Prior week week Long 49,120 47,180 Short 187,171 186,427 Net -138,051 -139,247 Eurodollar (Contracts of $1,000,000) 30 Jan 2018 Prior week week Long 792,333 729,675 Short 3,717,236 3,569,594 Net -2,924,903 -2,839,919 Fed funds (Contracts of $1,000,000) 30 Jan 2018 Prior week week Long 202,361 181,408 Short 182,566 188,936 Net 19,795 -7,528 (Reporting by Richard Leong Editing by Chizu Nomiyama)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
NEW YORK May 3 The dollar clung to modest gains against a basket of currencies on Wednesday after payroll processor ADP said U.S. companies hired 177,000 workers in April, close to the median estimate of an 175,000 gain among economists polled by Reuters.
The index, which measures the greenback's value versus euro, yen and four other major currencies, was last up 0.06 percent at 99.036.
(Reporting by Richard Leong)
A deflated and half-sunken rubber dinghy of the sort used by migrants is seen from the Migrant Offshore Aid Station (MOAS) ship Phoenix in international waters in the central Mediterranean off the coast of Tripoli in Libya, April 13, 2017. REUTERS/Darrin Zammit Lupi
A deflated and half-sunken rubber dinghy of the sort used by migrants is seen from the Migrant Offshore Aid Station (MOAS) ship Phoenix in international waters in the central Mediterranean off the coast of Tripoli in Libya, April 13, 2017. REUTERS/Darrin Zammit Lupi
TRIPOLI Close to 100 migrants were feared missing after their boat sank off the Libyan coast near Tripoli on Thursday, a coastguard official said.
Coastguard spokesman Ayoub Qassem said 23 migrants were rescued from the craft off Gargaresh, a western suburb of Tripoli. Survivors said the inflatable boat had set off with about 120 people on board.
"Some 97 are still missing, including 15 women and children," Qassem said. "What happened is that the base of the boat got wrecked and the boat had sunk."
Libya is the main departure point for migrants hoping to reach Europe by sea, and more than 150,000 have made the crossing from Libya to Italy in each of the past three years.
Smugglers put most of the migrants in flimsy inflatable dinghies that get picked up by rescue ships and other vessels once they reach international waters. Some are intercepted and turned back by the Libyan coastguard.
(Reporting by Ahmed Elumami; Writing by Aidan Lewis; Editing by Toby Chopra)
Soccer-Capello targets survival and cup run for new club Jiangsu
HONG KONG, June 15 Fabio Capello has set his sights on steering new employers Jiangsu Suning away from the Chinese Super League (CSL) relegation zone and success in the Chinese FA Cup as the Italian prepares for the latest chapter of his long coaching career.
April 3 Progressive Corp -
* Progressive announces public offering of $850 million of senior notes
* Pricing of $850 million aggregate principal amount of its 4.125% senior notes due 2047
* Notes were priced at 99.879% of par
* Intend to use portion of proceeds from sale of notes to redeem all 6.70% fixed-to-floating rate junior subordinated debentures due 2067 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
UPDATE 1-Ex-Visium fund manager sentenced to 18 months after fraud conviction
June 14 A former portfolio manager at Visium Asset Management LP was sentenced to 18 months in prison on Wednesday following his conviction on securities fraud charges stemming from an investigation that led the New York-based hedge fund to close last year.
ZURICH, April 28 Credit Suisse shareholders on Friday approved proposed compensation for its top managers and board of directors despite significant opposition to its decision to pay bonuses after a 2.7 billion Swiss franc ($2.7 billion) loss in 2016.
Investors holding 59.6 percent of the voting rights supported short-term bonuses of 17 million francs for Credit Suisse's executive management team, down from 81.5 percent in the corresponding vote at last year's annual meeting.
Senior management at Credit Suisse, Switzerland's second-biggest bank, had volunteered a 40 percent cut in their bonuses amid unrest over the pay packets. The board of directors also offered to freeze their pay.
Shareholders in Swiss companies have veto power over executive and board compensation thanks to a referendum on the issue in 2013.
Shareholders also comfortably re-elected Chairman Urs Rohner to another year in office despite calls for him to step down.
($1 = 0.9919 Swiss francs)
(Reporting by Joshua Franklin; Editing by Michael Shields)
DUBLIN A "border adjustment tax" in the United States would have a dramatic impact on Ireland's foreign direct investment-reliant economy but is unlikely to be introduced for political reasons, Irish finance minister Michael Noonan said on Monday
"Certainly if they bring in a border tax it will impact us pretty dramatically... but from a political perspective it looks unlikely that that will actually be introduced," Noonan said in a speech, referring to the plan that is part of a tax reform blueprint backed by House Speaker Paul Ryan.
"I think they may reform corporation tax and I don't think there are very adverse implicates on that for Ireland. As a matter of fact it might free up investment funds," he added.
(Reporting by Conor Humphries and Padraic Halpin)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
April 6 Orbis SA:
* Said on Wednesday that the price for the 100 pct stake in 5 Hotel Kft has been changed to 65.9 million euros net ($70.28 million)
* In Nov. the company said the unit would buy the stake for 64.3 mln euros
Source text for Eikon:
Further company coverage: ($1 = 0.9376 euros) (Gdynia Newsroom)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
LONDON: Britain's second in line to the throne, Prince William, and American superstar Lady Gaga have teamed up to encourage people to speak more openly about mental health issues in a video released Tuesday.
The unlikely pair chat online in the video posted on Facebook and urge people to break the stigma surrounding mental health.
“It's time that everyone speaks up and really feels very normal about mental health, it's the same as physical health,” the Duke of Cambridge told Lady Gaga from Kensington Palace in London.
“It's so important to break open that fear and that taboo which is only going to lead to more problems down the line,” he said.
In an open letter published last year on the website of her Born This Way Foundation, Lady Gaga revealed that she was suffering from Post Traumatic Stress Disorder.
“There is a lot of shame attached to mental illness, you feel like something's wrong with you,” the singer told Prince William from her home in Hollywood.
“We have to make the strongest, most relentless attempt we can to normalize mental health issues, so that people feel like they can come forward,” she added.
The video—which had been watched over 500,000 times within hours of its release—is part of the Heads Together campaign, a mental health charity championed by William, his wife Kate and brother, Prince Harry.
It comes a day after Harry revealed that he spent years in “total chaos” as he struggled to deal with his emotions following the death of his mother, Princess Diana, when he was just 12.
Prince William was 15 at the time.
He said he eventually sought help from mental heath professionals at the age of 28, after encouragement from others, including “huge support” from his older brother. AFP
AFP/CC
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Crawley and Capel boxer Ben Jones he was about to come into his own as the second half of his Commonwealth title fight beckoned.
The Crawley pugilist took a count in the fourth when he was knocked to the canvas.
But he was got back immediately into the contest and actually enjoyed his best spell in the fifth round.
However the end came after 19 seconds of the sixth round when he was knocked out by a big right hook.
Jones said: "It's a shame I didn't get to the second half of the fight.
"It was getting close and I wanted to put my pressure on push him into deep waters.
"It didn't quite happen and I got caught with a shot."
Jones praised Bellotti but reckoned he could have given a better display in the rounds to come as the Bomber was starting to slow down.
"He's a good fighter, don't get me wrong, he can punch.
"From the second round he was starting to tire and was getting slower and I was ready to put him a position he wasn't comfortable in."
April 3 RadNet Inc:
* RadNet Inc says has signed and begun operations of two imaging joint ventures with cedars-sinai
* Radnet -under terms of joint venture in San Fernando Valley, Cedars-Sinai has purchased an interest in four imaging centers previously owned by RadNet
* RadNet Inc says under terms of joint venture agreements, RadNet will continue to manage operations of imaging centers on a day-to-day basis Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
YouTube singer Austin Jones arrested on child pornography charges
LOS ANGELES, June 14 A 24-year-old YouTube singer with a teen fan base has been charged with using social media to solicit explicit videos from two young female fans.
STOCKHOLM, March 28 Swedish telecoms equipment maker Ericsson said on Tuesday it would take provisions, writedowns and restructuring charges this year, most of it in the first quarter, and announced a new organisational structure and business focus.
Ericsson said in a statement it would write down assets in the first quarter, with an estimated impact on operating income of 3-4 billion crowns ($342-$456 million). It estimated restructuring charges would amount to 6-8 billion crowns in 2017, of which it would book 2 billion in the first quarter.
Ericsson said it would also take provisions of an estimated 7-9 billion crowns in the first quarter, related to certain large customer projects.
Ericsson said in a separate statement it had appointed Fredrik Jejdling, currently head of the Network Services division, as head of the new Networks division. It appointed Peter Laurin head of Managed Services, and Ulf Ewaldsson head of Digital Services.
($1 = 8.7787 Swedish crowns). (Reporting by Anna Ringstrom)
BRIEF-Novartis says Cosentyx helped arthritis patients at 3 years
* Says Cosentyx shows sustained improvements in signs and symptoms for both active ankylosing spondylitis and psoriatic arthritis in up to 80 percent of patients at 3 years Source text for Eikon: [ID:file:///C:/Users/g195632/AppData/Local/Fastwire/Download/-67 1638335/Body.Html] Further company coverage: (Reporting By Zurich newsroom)
BRUSSELS, April 5 The following are mergers under review by the European Commission and a brief guide to the EU merger process:
APPROVALS AND WITHDRAWALS
-- Chinese state-owned company China National Chemical Corp (ChemChina) to acquire Swiss pesticides and seeds group Syngenta (approved April 5)
-- German cement producers Heidelbergcement and Schwenk to jointly acquire Mexican peer Cemex's Croatian unit (blocked April 5)
-- U.S. computer and printer maker Hewlett Packard to acquire South Korean group Samsung Electronics' printer business (approved April 4)
NEW LISTINGS
-- Canada Pension Plan Investment Board and Canada's Public Sector Pension Investment Board (PSPIB) to jointly acquire a portfolio of office and retail properties in New Zealand which is now solely controlled by PSPIB (notified April 3/deadline May 15/simplified)
-- Private equity firm Bain Capital to acquire UK company MKM Building Supplies Ltd (notified April 3/deadline May 15/simplified)
-- Private equity firm KKR and Spanish telecoms provider Telefonica tp acquire joint control of Spanish telecoms infrastructure provider Telxius (notified April 3/deadline May 15/simplified)
-- German conglomerate Peter Cremer Holding to acquire 50 percent of Koenig Transportgesellschaft from German logistics company HaGe Logistik GmbH (notified April 3/deadline May 15/simplified)
EXTENSIONS AND OTHER CHANGES
None
FIRST-STAGE REVIEWS BY DEADLINE
APRIL 7
-- Engie Group French banking group BPCE to acquire a 49.9 percent stake in renewable energy companies LCS 4 and LCS (notified March 3/deadline April 7/simplified)
-- Twenty-First Century Fox to acquire the rest of European pay-TV company Sky it does not own (notified March 3/deadline April 7)
APRIL 10
-- Danish container shipping company Maersk to acquire German peer Hamburg Sud (notified Feb. 20/deadline extended to April 10 from March 27 after commitments submitted)
APRIL 12
-- U.S. aircraft component maker Rockwell Collins to acquire aircraft interior maker B/E Aerospace (notified March 8/deadline April 12)
-- U.S. car part supplier Lear to acquire Grupo Antolin's automotive seating business (notified March 8/deadline April 12/simplified)
-- Dutch insurer NN Group to acquire Dutch rival Group Delta Lloyd (notified Feb. 22/deadline extended to April 12 from March 29 after the Dutch competition regulator asked to examine the deal)
APRIL 19
-- Private equity firm Advent International to acquire biometrics and security business Morpho from French aerospace group Safran (notified Feb. 24/deadline extended to April 19 from March 31 after the companies offered concessions)
-- Private equity firm 3i, Dutch asset manager APG and Danish pension fund ATP to acquire a portfolio of European infrastructure companies from EISER (notified March 10/April 19/simplified)
-- Britain's Rolls-Royce to acquire the remaining 53.1 percent stake in Spanish aircraft engine and components maker Industria de Turbo Propulsores (ITP) (notified Feb. 24/deadline extended to April 19 from March 31 after the companies offered concessions)
APRIL 21
-- French utility Engie to acquire UK property developer Keepmoat Regeneration HOldings (notified March 14/deadline April 21/simplified)
APRIL 24
-- French media company Bollore to acquire control of French company Vivendi (notified March 15/deadline April 24)
-- France's Group Credit Mutuel and French bank BNP Paribas to set up a joint venture (notified March 15/deadline April 24)
-- Bollore Energy, which is part of French group Bollore , and Total Marketing France, which is part of French energy company Total, to set up a joint venture (notified March 15/deadline April 24/simplified)
APRIL 25
-- Private equity firm CVC to acquire Polish retailer Zabka Polska (notified March 16/deadline April 25/simplified)
APRIL 26
-- Investment company Ardian to acquire the majority of France's Prosol, an operator of Grand Frais grocery stores (notified March 17/deadline April 26/simplified)
-- Singapore-based tech communications company Broadcom AVGO.O to acquire U.S. networking switches and software maker Brocade (notified March 17/ deadline April 26)
-- Swiss pharmaceutical supplier Lonza Group to acquire U.S. capsule maker Capsugel from private equity firm KKE & Co LP (notified March 17/deadline April 26)
MAY 2
-- Italian energy company Duferco Energia to acquire a business unit from Italian electricity company Energhe S.p.A. (notified March 22/deadline May 2/simplified)
MAY 4
-- Private investment firm KKR & Co. to acquire travel company Travelopia Holdings Ltd and Travelopia USA Inc. (notified March 24/ deadline May 4/simplified)
MAY 5
-- Japan's Panasonic Corporation to acquire Spanish auto parts maker Ficosa International (notified March 27/deadline May 5)
-- Banking services platform Pillarstone to acquire holding company Famar which has activities in the pharmaceutical industry (notified March 27/deadline May 5/simplified)
MAY 8
-- Swiss car importer Emil Frey France to acquire French car parts distributor PGA Group SAS from German carmaker Volkswagen Group (notified March 28/deadline May 8/simplified)
MAY 10
-- Toyota Industries Europe to acquire Vive, the parent company of Dutch industrial company Vanderlande Industries Holding B.V (notified March 29/deadline May 10/simplified)
MAY 12
-- Taiwan's Ennoconn, which is part of electronics maker Foxconn, to increase its stake in Austrian IT group S&T (notified March 31/deadline May 12)
-- French media group Vivendi to acquire de facto sole control of Italy's Telecom Italia (notified March 31/deadline May 12)
-- German carmakers BMW, Daimler and Porsche AG and U.S. peer Ford Motor Co to acquire control of a joint venture (notified March 31/deadline May 12/simplified)
-- U.S. chemicals group Riechhold and Black Diamond Capital to acquire Italian polymers maker Polynt which is owned by Italian private equity group Investindustrial (notified March 17/deadline May 12/commitments offered March 17)
GUIDE TO EU MERGER PROCESS
DEADLINES:
The European Commission has 25 working days after a deal is filed for a first-stage review. It may extend that by 10 working days to 35 working days, to consider either a company's proposed remedies or an EU member state's request to handle the case.
Most mergers win approval but occasionally the Commission opens a detailed second-stage investigation for up to 90 additional working days, which it may extend to 105 working days.
SIMPLIFIED:
Under the simplified procedure, the Commission announces the clearance of uncontroversial first-stage mergers without giving any reason for its decision. Cases may be reclassified as non-simplified - that is, ordinary first-stage reviews - until they are approved. (Reporting by Foo Yun Chee)
Aug 13 (Gracenote) - Results and standings from the Danish championship matches on Sunday Sunday, August 13 AGF Aarhus 0 OB Odense 0 Midtjylland 4 Nordsjaelland 3 Randers 0 Brondby 0 Saturday, August 12 FC Copenhagen 1 Horsens 1 Lyngby 1 SonderjyskE 1 Friday, August 11 Silkeborg IF 4 FC Helsingor 1 Standings P W D L F A Pts 1 Nordsjaelland 5 4 0 1 15 10 12 2 Brondby 5 3 1 1 12 6 10 3 Horsens 5 3 1 1 8 4 10 4 Midtjylland 5 3 0 2 9 10 9 5 SonderjyskE 5 2 2 1 9 4 8 6 OB Odense 5 2 2 1 4 2 8 ------------------------- 7 Hobro IK 4 2 1 1 4 3 7 8 FC Copenhagen 5 1 3 1 5 3 6 9 Silkeborg IF 5 2 0 3 7 7 6 10 FC Helsingor 5 2 0 3 6 10 6 11 AGF Aarhus 5 1 1 3 4 7 4 12 Lyngby 5 1 1 3 8 15 4 13 AaB Aalborg 4 0 2 2 4 8 2 14 Randers 5 0 2 3 1 7 2 1-6: Championship play-off 7-14: Play-off Next Fixtures (GMT): Monday, August 14 AaB Aalborg v Hobro IK (1700)
The fire in Grenfell Tower had been raging for about an hour when the mother halfway up the building ran out of options. Clutching her baby, she leaned out of the window and screamed to the firefighters and onlookers below.
She had no choice. The flames had engulfed the building and thick smoke was pouring out the windows. Somebody would have to catch her baby. She dropped her child out of the window. It is not clear if anybody managed to catch the child.
× Local residents gather after a massive fire raged in a 27-floor high-rise apartment building. Photo / AP Local residents gather after a massive fire raged in a 27-floor high-rise apartment building. Photo / AP
James Wood, a 32-year-old graphic designer who lives opposite, watched the horror unfold.
"The most traumatic part was seeing the children at the window screaming for help. Then the rooms would just go up in flames," he told the Daily Telegraph.
"There was a woman hanging her baby out of the window, about midway up the tower. She was crying out. She wanted to drop the baby and was trying to make sure there was a safety net."
Advertisement
Wood did not see happened next and whether the baby lived or died.
Some residents knotted together sheets to make ropes that were woefully short and not strong enough. Others, according to witnesses, tried to manufacture makeshift parachutes from bin bags and bedding and then leaped out of windows, hoping their falls would be slowed enough to survive.
Survivors who fled down the smoke and fire-filled central staircase - the only staircase in the tower block - told of the "hell on earth" of stepping over bodies to make their way to safety.
The fire broke out at just before 1am at the 24-storey tower block in an impoverished neighbourhood in Britain's wealthiest borough. More than 600 people were living in 120 flats in the block. Their escape route was a single staircase at the building's centre.
× Smoke coming from the 27-storey block of flats after the fire broke out in west London. Photo / AP Smoke coming from the 27-storey block of flats after the fire broke out in west London. Photo / AP
The cause of the fire will be subject to a lengthy investigation but one survivor said it had begun on the fourth floor, the result of a fridge that exploded.
Aalya Moses' doorbell rang at about 12.50am. It was her neighbour in flat 16, banging on the door. "He was shouting that his flat was on fire," she said. She raced out the building.
Mahad Egal, who lives on the fourth floor, led his wife and two young children to safety, reaching the ground floor at about 1.10am.
Egal said: "The fire started on the fourth floor. My neighbour told me it was his fridge that exploded.
"We were one of the first 10 families who got out. At this point the fire was no higher than an average tree."
Interviewed by the BBC's Victoria Derbyshire, Egal could not contain his distress.
"At first it seemed it was controllable, but really quickly the fire started to rise as the cladding caught fire," he said. "The stairwells were full of smoke, dark, scary. Some lights weren't working. It is incredible we survived."
× Firefighters wait to start their shift. Photo / AP Firefighters wait to start their shift. Photo / AP
He lamented the friends and relatives who had not made it out.
"So many people were left; we had so many relatives and families who were still trapped, calling and saying, 'Please let the fire services know that we are still here'.
"There was a kid that called and said he was trapped in his room. There were people jumping out of the place; a man who threw two of his children out."
As the fire spread, residents were in two minds about what to do. The official advice posted in communal hallways told them not to evacuate. "There is a 'stay put' policy for residents unless the fire is in or affecting your building," the guidance stated.
On the 14th floor, Zainab Dean and her 2-year-old son Jeremiah were told to stay where they were. She telephoned her brother Francis Dean, 47, about 2am to tell him a fire had broken out.
"I told her to leave by the stairs but she said she had been told to stay inside her flat," said Francis Dean. "I've not heard from her since. I fear the worst. I'm so upset. Jeremiah was a wonderful boy; always happy, always smiling. He loved playing football with me."
Dean raced to the scene. As he was speaking to his sister a firefighter grabbed his phone. "He told her to keep calm and that they were coming to get her. He kept saying that to her again and again," he said. "But then he handed me the phone and said to me, 'Tell her you love her'. I knew then to fear the worst. The phone went dead and I couldn't talk to her."
× Grenfell Tower. Photo / Getty Images Grenfell Tower. Photo / Getty Images
Others ignored the official advice.
Jamal Ali, 28, said his aunt, Zainab Ali, had been told by police to stay in her flat but she had ignored them, fleeing to safety with her five children.
"The police were telling her to stay inside, but she ran down the stairs with her kids and managed to get away - otherwise she'd be dead."
On the seventh floor, Mickey Paramasivan, 37, was woken by the stench of burning plastic. He described the chaos as he grabbed his girlfriend Hannah West and her 5-year-old daughter, Thea, and made their way down the one cramped staircase.
"It was horrendous. There were explosions everywhere you looked; lots of bangs, blue gas coming out everywhere you looked," he said.
"About 12 floors up I saw three children waving from a window and then there was just an explosion and they disappeared. They were three kids. They were banging on the windows - you could see their silhouettes - and then 'bang'; it just went up."
Confusion reigned. "There was one woman on the 12th floor who left with her six kids. When she's got to the ground floor, there's only four of them with her," said Paramasivan.
× A firefighter investigates a floor after a fire engulfed the 24-storey Grenfell Tower. Photo / AP A firefighter investigates a floor after a fire engulfed the 24-storey Grenfell Tower. Photo / AP
To others it felt like a repeat of the attack on the Twin Towers. Muna Ali, 45, said: "I have never seen anything like it. It just reminded me of 9/11. The fire started on the upper floors. Oh my goodness, it spread so quickly; it had completely spread within half an hour."
Photographs suggested the fire had grabbed hold in different places at different speeds. On the north and west sides, the tower block was gutted from the fourth floor upwards. On the south side, the damage was extensive from the 13th floor upwards. Lower storeys on the east side also escaped the worst.
About an hour into the fire, 82-year-old Ali Yawar Jafari, his wife and daughter decided to evacuate their flat on the 11th floor.
The pensioner decided to take the lift. One floor into his journey, the old man was overcome by smoke and decided to get out of the lift. He has not been seen since.
His son Hamid Ali Jafari said: "The lift stopped on the 10th floor and he said that there was too much smoke and he couldn't breathe and he got out of the lift and then the doors shut and it didn't stop again 'til the ground floor."
Down below, Wood watched survivors trying to scramble higher up the building. "After a few hours you could see a few people had got together and moved into the very top left flat, all into one room. They were all at the window flashing their phones," he said.
× Fire rips through the London building. Photo / AP Fire rips through the London building. Photo / AP
A photograph taken at 3.15am showed two people stuck in a flat on the 23rd floor, waving frantically for help while flames appeared around them. They seemed to have little or no chance of survival. On the ground, firefighters were frustrated. More than 200 officers and 40 engines tried to tackle the "unprecedented" inferno. They pulled 65 people out; other residents escaped unaided.
Fire crews could not fight the blaze from inside the building because the flames were licking up the sides where the cladding, recently fit as part of a £10 million ($17.5m) refurbishment, was in place. Hoses from the ground floor could not reach the upper storeys. By 2am, parents were desperate. Bystanders watched them trying to save their children by dropping them.
Joe Walsh, 58, said: "I saw a parent throw two kids out of the window. I don't know where they landed because I was on the other side. I doubt anyone caught them. I hope they did. It wasn't that high up - the fifth or sixth floor."
Tiago Etienne, 17, told how he saw several small children flung by their desperate parents.
"I looked from my flat opposite the tower and saw about three young children being thrown from some of the burning flats," he said. "Thank God they were caught by people standing below. The kids were aged between 4 and 8. I couldn't see whether it was firefighters or just the public who caught them but I think they survived. It was awful. I could hear people screaming and kids screaming."
Samira Lamrani saw a woman trying to save her baby by dropping the child from a window "on the ninth or 10th floor". It is not clear if it was the same child others witnessed.
× A distressed, trapped man waves an item of clothing from his window. Photo / AP A distressed, trapped man waves an item of clothing from his window. Photo / AP
"People were starting to appear at the windows, banging and screaming," she said. "A woman was gesturing that she was about to throw her baby and if somebody could catch her baby. Somebody did, a gentleman ran forward and managed to grab the baby."
From below, the public shouted their support.
"We were reassuring them," said Lamrani, "but obviously the look on their face was death.
"My daughter's friend said she observed an adult who made some sort of homemade parachute and tried to lower himself out of the window."
Those trapped used their phones to shine a light outside, notifying fire crews where they were trapped. Video footage showed one firefighter trying to reach windows on a cherry picker as burning debris rained down on him.
Denise Bloomfield, 37, who was evacuated from a nearby flat, said: "There were people who were just surviving and waiting for the fire to take them, just waiting to die."
× Smoke and flames rise from the building. Photo / AP Smoke and flames rise from the building. Photo / AP
Throughout the night, the fire crews worked and the death toll rose. At noon, 11 hours after the rescue operation had begun, there was a brief moment of respite.
A partially sighted man, thought to be in his 70s, had been waving for attention using an improvised white flag, made from his sweater, out of the window of the 11th floor.
His image had been captured on television and broadcasters had shown him waiting for help. Miraculously the fire and smoke missed his flat. Shortly after 12pm, the man was photographed being carried to safety by firefighters as police officers protected them from falling debris with riot shields.
It is not known how many will have perished in the fire. But the death is
expected to be "significantly higher" than the 12 officially confirmed dead.
A community leader, who did not wish to be named, suggested nobody on the top three floors would have survived. "It's possible there are more than 50, possibly hundreds," he said.
On Wednesday evening, rescue workers began the grim task of bringing out bodies.
It is an operation that will take days. The repercussions will last years.
This article originally appeared on the Daily Telegraph.
AIG teams with IBM to use blockchain for 'smart' insurance policy
June 14 Insurer American International Group Inc has partnered with International Business Machines Corp to develop a "smart" insurance policy that uses blockchain to manage complex international coverage, the companies said on Wednesday.
UPDATE 2-Canada's Home Capital agrees settlement with regulator
TORONTO, June 14 Home Capital Group Inc said on Wednesday it had agreed on a settlement with the Ontario Securities Commission (OSC) and accepted responsibility for misleading investors about problems with its mortgage underwriting procedures.
Why the Chronicle and the Daily Mercury are trading jabs Tobi Loftus Full Profile Login to follow
A RIVALRY between Toowoomba and Mackay has started to emerge with the announcement the two cities had been short-listed as possible locations for a Qantas Pilot Training Academy.
On Monday Qantas representatives met with Toowoomba Mayor Paul Antonio, Wellcamp Airport's John Wagner and State Development Minister Cameron Dick to take a closer look at Toowoomba's bid for the facility.
At a press conference before the tour, Toowoomba Mayor Paul Antonio was asked whether there was any rivalry between the two cities over the proposals.
"I know (Mackay Mayor Greg Williamson) and respect him highly," Mr Antonio said.
"But on this particular subject... I really think that when you look at things, have a look at Toowoomba, then have a look at Mackay.
"I'll rest my case there."
The next day The Chronicle ran 'Memo to Qantas: Choose Toowoomba over Mackay' on its front page and the Daily Mercury was not happy.
Yesterday, Toowoomb-nahh mate was splashed on the Mackay tabloid's front page, along with a cartoon showing a plane labelled Mackay shooting down a plane labelled Toowoomba.
The story featured quotes from a number of prominent Mackay residents, including controversial Dawson MP George Christensen.
"I've been once and it was cold enough that day to not make the mistake again," Mr Christensen said.
"If they want to have to be push starting the planes down the runways because the fuel pipes have been frozen, then Toowoomba is the right choice."
Whitsunday MP Jason Costigan also took aim at The Chronicle's editor Steve Etwell.
"Don't get me wrong, I love the Darling Downs. Great people, love the Carnival of Flowers," Mr Costigan said.
"However, in terms of climate and lifestyle, Mackay in the tropical north is a no brainer.
"I think deep down, even the editor of The Chronicle knows that. After all, he comes from the same place as me, the city that I represent, a city which has put a strong case forward to bring the Flying Kangaroo to town."
Toowoomba's bid for the pilot training academy was one of nine proposals short-listed across the country.
The other eight locations, including Mackay, are Alice Springs, Bendigo, Busselton, Dubbo, Launceston, Tamworth and Wagga Wagga.
Wagners director John Wagner said the company was prepared to invest heavily in the training facility.
"Wagners are prepared to put in significant infrastructure, to the tune of $55 million, to make this thing a reality," he said.
"The single biggest thing we bring to the table is we are not capital constrained, we make decisions quickly.
"We've got a very strong track record of bringing projects to fruition. We built Wellcamp Airport in 19 months.
"So we can have this up and running in five to six months from when they sign a commercial agreement."
The Chronicle editor Steve Etwell said he encouraged proud Toowoomba residents to get on social media and share the hashtag #Qantas4twba, to help highlight the community support for the proposal.
In February 2000, I had been covering the technology space for all of 2½ months. As the newly minted executive editor of the nearly minted SD Times, I was sent by then editor-in-chief Alan Zeichick to cover the Linux World Conference and Expo. He said I might be interested in seeing a different side of development. I wasn't sure what he meant.
Since my hire in September 1999, I had already attended a Java Business Expo (lots of Sun news and a Penn and Teller show!) and the ebusiness conference and expo (think Lotus Notes and productivity). There were huge expo halls, booths filled with engineers having discussions about using the latest Java technologies that would modernize and transform how business is done. (Sound familiar?) Then, I was assigned to the Linux World Expo. While there were vendors on hand (mostly offering different Linux distros), the feel was different. The first two events were clearly aimed at getting business done, and showing off the tools that would make that happen. Linux World felt like Thanksgiving with the family — everyone feels good about being together, but the bickering never stops! A big issue that day was fragmentation.
Linus Torvalds was on hand to assure people that because of the open-source license, all modifications to Linux would have to be shared with the entire community, preventing — in theory — any one version from dominating. Kumbaya!
But on the other side were companies like Red Hat and SUSE Linux and the now-defunct VA Linux Systems, who had received massive capital infusions and needed to find ways to differentiate their offerings to make money. This, it was feared, would result in Linux distributions that did not work well with others. Interestingly, Sun was facing those same challenges with Java — companies such as IBM, Oracle, BEA, Gemstone, Bluestone and about 25 more agreeing to “cooperate on standards, compete on implementation.”
Open source was too immature, and too fractured, to be taken seriously in Fortune 500 companies. Back then, they purchased their IT from IBM, or SAP, or Siemens, or Microsoft, and paid big dollars for service. Back then, not every company was a software company.
At that Linux World, as compared to the other two technology events I had covered in my life to that point, I noticed a decidedly different look among the attendees. Gone were the businessmen. In their place were over-caffeinated, under-bathed, zombie-looking creatures called “software developers.” They were scary. They preferred solitude and darkness. They were pallid and showed signs of eating poorly. Surely, businesses would never bet the farm on people like these. They were hackers, for crying out loud!
But then, as the years rolled on, something magnificent occurred. More, and less restrictive, licenses for using open-source software emerged. The Apache License gave developers the opportunity to alter open-source code and not have to return their modifications to the broader community. This made using open source a viable option for businesses.
Suddenly, enterprise developers were finding that they could solve their own problems, use software created by their peers and modify it to create real business value. On the one hand, this created a shadow IT problem. On the other, it took open-source out of the shadows. Companies began to form around open-source projects, offering premium service and functionality on top of the projects. It exploded.
I remember talking to other technology reporters in 2000, asking if they thought Linux had a commercial future. Some saw the uptake in server rooms and were certain of it. Others believed Linux advocates to be nothing more than anti-vendor zealots and hobbyists who would rather write software themselves than pay for it, and that's where open-source would remain.
Well, it's easy to see that open-source has won the day. Yes, there still is room for packaged software. Microsoft's Office 365 is big business, and Oracle still reaps big dollars from its ERP installations, to highlight but a couple of examples. But every year, reports show that more open-source code is making its way into enterprise software. The early vision of those pioneers highlighted in this issue's special report has come to fruition.
I'm sure they are most satisfied.
End
-- Chirocarolina®, Charlotte's top chiropractic clinic, has been chosen as United Airlines preferred provider, chiropractic physician. The partnership makes Dr. Henry Rice and Dr. Ferzaan Ali the official Workers Compensation doctors for all United Airlines employees nationwide: pilots, flight attendants, baggage handlers, and gate agents.United Airlines will be flying their employees to Charlotte to see the Chirocarolina®chiropractors.Dr. Ferzaan Ali says, "We are excited about this partnership with United Airlines, and getting their employees back to work faster and with an improved quality of life with no permanency / impairment."United Airlines, Inc., commonly referred to as United, is an American airline headquartered in Chicago, Illinois. It is the world's third-largest airline when measured by revenue, operates a domestic and international route network, and has presence in the Asia-Pacific region. United operates out of nine airline hubs located in Chicago, Denver, Guam, Houston, Los Angeles, Newark, San Francisco, Tokyo and Washington, D.C., with Chicago being the largest hub.To know more about ChiroCarolina®and their chiropractic services, visit http://chirocarolinacharlotte.com
Team by team analysis of Sunday's Chinese Formula One Grand Prix in Shanghai (listed in current championship order):
- - - -
MERCEDES (Lewis Hamilton 1, Valtteri Bottas 6)
Mercedes regained the championship lead from Ferrari by a single point. Hamilton's 54th career win and fifth in China was also his 106th podium appearance, putting him second in the all-time lists with Alain Prost. It was the third grand slam (pole, the fastest lap, win and leading every lap) of his career. Bottas started third but a slow pitstop and then a spin behind the safety car left him fighting back from 12th. The race was the 150th start for Mercedes
-
FERRARI (Sebastian Vettel 2, Kimi Raikkonen 5)
Vettel started second and was unfortunate to have pitted before the safety car was deployed. He had a good battle with Ricciardo, banging wheels as he passed the Australian. The German, who escaped sanction for lining up out of place on the grid, is tied at the top with Hamilton. Raikkonen, starting fourth, complained repeatedly about his tyres' performance.
-
RED BULL (Max Verstappen 3, Daniel Ricciardo 4)
Verstappen is now third in the championship and won the Driver of the Day vote after going from 16th on the grid to third, passing at least nine cars on the opening lap. He also overtook Ricciardo, who said he lost time in the opening stint struggling to keep performance in his front tyres. The team made the right calls when the safety car deployed but are still down on power. Verstappen's podium was the team's 100th.
-
TORO ROSSO (Carlos Sainz 7, Daniil Kvyat retired)
Sainz took a big gamble as the only driver to start on the slick, supersoft tyres and it paid off, albeit after a slow getaway off the grid. He might have done even better without the safety car. Kvyat retired with hydraulic failure.
-
FORCE INDIA (Sergio Perez 9, Esteban Ocon 10)
Perez has now scored points for the last 12 races, more than anyone else on the grid. Force India have had both cars in the points for five races in a row. Perez made contact with Stroll at turn 10 on the opening lap, suffering a puncture. He made the right tyre choices after that. Ocon scored for the second race in a row, losing time on lap two when he pitted without stopping due to a misunderstanding.
-
WILLIAMS (Felipe Massa 14, Lance Stroll retired)
Massa was sixth on the grid and Stroll 10th but qualifying proved the high point. The 18-year-old Canadian retired on the opening lap after spinning off following contact with Perez, bringing out the virtual safety car. Massa lacked grip throughout.
-
HAAS (Kevin Magnussen 8, Romain Grosjean 11)
Magnussen scored his first points for his new team, after starting 12th, and their first of the season. It was the Dane's first top 10 since Singapore with Renault last September. Grosjean had a tough afternoon but with strong overtaking.
-
RENAULT (Nico Hulkenberg 12, Jolyon Palmer 13)
Renault are still without a point despite Hulkenberg starting seventh. He made an early pitstop which was undone by the virtual safety car. The German also incurred a 15 second combined penalty for overtaking during the virtual and real safety car periods. Palmer started from the pit lane after pitting at the end of the formation lap for supersoft tyres.
-
SAUBER (Marcus Ericsson 15, Antonio Giovinazzi retired)
Giovinazzi, replacing Pascal Wehrlein, crashed into the wall on the pit straight on lap four and brought out the safety car. The Italian had also crashed in qualifying.
-
MCLAREN (Fernando Alonso and Stoffel Vandoorne retired)
McLaren drops to the bottom of the table. Alonso was up to sixth by lap seven, after starting 13th, but suffered a driveshaft issue that meant he stopped on lap 34. Vandoorne retired on lap 18 with a fuel problem.
(Reporting by Alan Baldwin, editing by Pritha Sarkar)
People who've survived Bali's Kerobokan prison have used many terms to describe it: overcrowded, understaffed, drug-filled, brutally violent.
One term they never use: escape-proof.
An American arrested on a drug charge this summer and sent to Kerobokan escaped from the prison yesterday, the latest person to abscond from the notorious facility.
Prison officials say Christian Beasley sawed through steel bars above his cell with a hacksaw, then used a rope to shimmy down a wall, according to AP.
Advertisement
He may have overcome a final obstacle - a wall in an area under construction - using a ladder that workers had left lying around, according to the BBC.
Beasley, a 32-year-old from California, escaped with another American, Paul Anthony Hoffman, 57. But the older man was caught shortly after the pair got over the wall, while Beasley remains at large, somewhere on the tourist island.
Still, investigators are trying to determine how Beasley got out undetected - and whether Kerobokan's guards played a role in his escape.
Beasley had been in the prison for four months, since officials caught him with a package that had 5.7 grams of hashish, according to Reuters.
His arrest is part of the Indonesian Government's crackdown on drug trafficking, which has sparked fears that the world's fourth-most populous nation is taking cues from Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte's violent drug war, marked by allegations of extrajudicial killings and human rights abuses.
"Be firm, especially to foreign drug dealers who enter the country and resist arrest," Indonesian President Joko Widodo instructed his law enforcement officers in July. "Shoot them because we indeed are in a narcotics emergency position now."
Drug-related arrests have swelled the nation's prisons, which are routinely understaffed and in poor condition, according to AP.
A United States citizen is on the run after climbing back wall to escape #Bali's Kerobokan prison https://t.co/NlSryxErx8 — ABC News (@abcnews) December 11, 2017
And many prisoners - including a few foreigners - have decided to risk an escape rather than remain in the facilities.
In June, four prisoners - an Australian, a Bulgarian, an Indian and a Malaysian - escaped from Kerobokan prison using a tunnel, according to the BBC. The quartet was arrested over a variety of drug charges. Two of them remain at large.
In July 2013, more than 240 prisoners - including a few terrorists - fled an Indonesian prison amid rioting at the facility, on the island of Sumatra, AP reported. In May, 440 prisoners sprinted out of a crowded prison (also on Sumatra) when they were let out of their cells for Friday Muslim prayers.
Paul Conibeer, a New Zealander who authored I Survived Kerobokan after spending several months there in 2013, said the prison was filled with too many inmates as well as corrupt guards who turned a blind eye to drug use and violence.
"I've seen people get murdered in there, I've seen people get bashed, I've seen drug overdoses, one guy died in my arms from sickness," Conibeer said, as reported by the Daily Mail.
"One of the things that really upsets me about it is that you get the death penalty for drugs and yet the place . . . is full of drugs."
'Wonderful initiative' sees prisoners build toilet blocks for iwi moving home
There's a movement in the far north for Maori to move back to their ancestral land, but those lands are sometimes without infrastructure.
* Euro hits 9-day low after drop in German annual inflation
* Euro zone short-term rates pulled low by ECB sources report
* ECB policymakers speaking on Thursday back existing guidance
* Graphic: World FX rates in 2017 tmsnrt.rs/2egbfVh
By Patrick Graham
LONDON, March 30 Low readings for German inflation drove the euro back to nine-day lows against the dollar on Thursday.
Dollar bulls are still recovering from the collapse in faith in the "Trumpflation" trade caused by last week's defeat for the White House on healthcare and the greenback was again struggling to make progress past 111 yen.
But against the euro it gained a quarter of a cent, trading as strong $1.0731 after several German states reported a slump in annual inflation to well below the ECB's 2 percent target.
That later delivered an overall national number of 1.5 percent and added to signals from sources close to the bank on Wednesday that ECB officials were unhappy at a shift in market expectations towards tighter monetary policy and higher euro zone interest rates.
"That sort of off the record briefing that came through yesterday and German inflation this morning do seem to have pulled the rug from under the euro," said Nick Parsons, a strategist with National Australia Bank in London.
"More generally it has been pretty quiet this morning. We are in one of those awful periods where we cannot decide which currency we dislike the least. And that tends to lead to lower volatility."
The fall for the euro, down from a 4-1/2-month high of $1.0906 scaled on Monday, helped the broader dollar index into positive territory, up 0.1 percent at 100.15.
Sterling, knocked back by the dollar's recovery as Prime Minister Theresa May lodged Britain's formal request to leave the European Union on Wednesday, was also down 0.1 percent at $1.2414.
Several ECB policymakers said on Thursday the bank should stick to its already laid out policy path.
Reuters on Wednesday reported ECB sources as saying that policymakers had been taken aback by moves to price in an interest rate hike early next year and would be keen at their April meeting to reassure investors that their easy-money policy was far from ending.
"It's a bit soon to draw conclusions but yesterday's ECB sources piece put a dampener on front end rates and that has weakened sentiment towards the euro somewhat," said Citi G10 currencies strategist Josh O'Byrne.
"The mood around the dollar has softened a lot. On balance I think most people still buy into this stronger global demand story but it may be a bit late in the day to be chasing this theme."
For Reuters Live Markets blog on European and UK stock markets see reuters://realtime/verb=Open/url=http://emea1.apps.cp.extranet.thomsonreuters.biz/cms/?pageId=livemarkets (Editing by Jeremy Gaunt)
LONDON, March 29 Dollar bonds from Turkey's Halkbank fell as much as 0.7 cent across the curve on Wednesday, extending losses after the company's deputy chief executive was charged in New York with participating in a scheme violating sanctions on Iran.
Bonds maturing 2021 and 2020 fell just over 0.7 cents in the dollar, according to Tradeweb data , hitting six-week lows. The 2019 issue slipped 0.66 cent.
Mehmet Hakan Atilla is accused of conspiring with wealthy Turkish gold trader Reza Zarrab to conduct hundreds of millions of dollars of illegal transactions through U.S. banks on behalf of Iran's government and other entities in that country .
He had been in New York as part of a investor roadshow before the bank's planned sale of new dollar bonds.
(Reporting by Sujata Rao; editing by Mike Dolan)
April 28 VIDEOBUR STHLM INT AB:
* JOHN GOLIATS RESIGNS FROM POSITION CITING CHALLENGES OF EXPANDING COMPANY IN NEW MARKETS
* GOLIATS WILL CONTINUE TO WORK IN THE COMPANY
* NEW CEO TO BE NAMED ON MAY 18
Source text: bit.ly/2qm6Ukz
Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
Soccer-De Biasi quits as Albania coach, says his cycle over
TIRANA, June 14 Albania coach Gianni De Biasi resigned on Wednesday after six years in charge during which he led them to Euro 2016, their first and only appearance at a major tournament.
LONDON Several whistleblowers have approached the World Anti-Doping Agency (WADA) through a new programme set up after revelations of rampant state-sponsored doping in Russia, WADA President Craig Reedie said on Wednesday.
WADA this month launched its "Speak Up" secure digital platform for athletes and others to report anti-doping violations.
"We already have a number of whistleblowers speaking to us, so I am told," said Reedie, speaking at the SportsPro Live conference. He had no details about which sports or countries might be involved.
"The investigations people do not tell the president of the organisation what they are doing. And that's exactly the way it should be. That has to be confidential."
Asked whether the world might be facing another big scandal, after Russian track and field athletes were banned from last year's Rio Olympics, Reedie said he did not know but hoped not.
WADA recommended that the entire Russian team be excluded from Rio after an independent report by Richard McLaren, published just before those Games, accused the country of widespread state-sponsored doping.
The IOC rejected a proposed blanket ban and instead let international sports federations decide which athletes should be eligible to compete.
Russia has said it hopes to have the suspension of its anti-doping body RUSADA lifted in November, but Reedie said that could not be relied upon.
He said a decision on Russian athletes' participation at next year's Pyeongchang Winter Olympics in South Korea needed to be made as early as possible and they could expect an aggressive programme of targeted testing in the run-up.
"I certainly want (Russia) to be compliant as quickly as possible. Not having the biggest country in the world compliant poses problems for sport that sport is finding very, very difficult to handle," he said.
"What I think is important going into Pyeongchang is that whatever else happens, there is a very rigorous pre-Games testing exercise," he added.
"I think the pre-Games testing programme, which is easier to do for a winter Games than a summer Games because you've got fewer sports, will almost certainly be extensive and authoritative."
The chances of Russian athletes competing at this year's world athletics championships in London in August remain slim.
"I think it would be difficult for the IAAF to remove the suspension of Russian athletics while the Russian anti-doping agency is non-compliant," Reedie said.
"My guess is that it would be a struggle to have them compliant in time to allow the IAAF to change their view."
(Editing by Ed Osmond)
UPDATE 3-U.S. judge orders more environmental analysis of Dakota pipeline
WASHINGTON, June 14 A federal judge ordered the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers to reconsider its environmental review of the Dakota Access Pipeline on Wednesday, opening up the possibility that the line could be shut at a later date.
Cleaning, janitorial and maid services are terms that describe a devoted external service that delivers precise cleaning procedures to individuals, schools, enterprises and just about anyone who desires a cleanup completed right. These services might be diverse and what was historically deemed to become services performed by a female maid, is now an business that covers each male and female workers. Get extra information about Maids
Traditionally a maid was a single who was employed in household services. Formerly, a component from the hierarchy in homes and business, currently a maid is a single who performs specialized and periodic cleaning services, and frequently is not a “live-in” member of a household.
Traits of Maids
Cleaning services employ maids, janitors, carpet cleaners, window washers, and painters who all operate collectively to bring the perfect resolution for your cleaning requires. You are able to setup a plan for washing floors and widows, vacuuming, dusting, scrubbing floors and cleaning bathrooms. This plan is generally put into action weekly, biweekly or monthly.
Using a maid service might be thought because of geological web page, be quick of individual moment, social standing as well as a not have expertise in proficiently cleaning your home. Working with a maid service in years previous was economical only for the affluent, now these services are widespread and there may be payments tailored to fit budgets and cleaning schedules.
Employing a maid service may be a little extra pricier than just hiring a part-time maid or cleaning lady, but employing a service delivers several advantages. You'll have a person do your cleaning that is certainly bonded and insured. You may have you maid service bring all of the needed cleaning supplies. The cleaning service withholds social security and revenue taxes. Rest assured you're working with a legitimate business.
Included in most qualified cleaning firms can be a janitorial service. This may imply a cleaning service for any business in lieu of a residence. Employing a janitorial service will provide you with the freedom and expertise in realizing that your workplace and workplace constructing are cleaned to perfection.
There are lots of residential cleaning services all through the United State, Canada and the UK. Search through your local listing to seek out the service that may ideal fit your desires. Most cleaning services interview and train their employees, conduct background checks and insure their maids against accidents to them, your home as well as your belongings. Maids, janitors, carpet cleaners, and all those who operate inside your property are also bonded. This can be to ensure coverage to you inside the case of theft.
As an increasing number of females enter the workforce and most household are two incomes, it becomes just about a necessity to possess a cleaning service. It is possible to schedule your cleaning times any time of the day and on Saturdays. Do make sure that you really feel comfortable with your selected cleaning services firm and request that precisely the same maid, janitor, or cleaner comes for your house at every single appointment. This can give you added protection an assurance. It is possible to trust qualified cleaning service, like your qualified maid service to get your cleaning correct and leave you pleased.
NEW YORK, April 13 Major U.S. stock indexes fell on Thursday for a third straight day as investors weighed earnings reports from big U.S. banks and geopolitical tensions, while the tech sector fell for a tenth consecutive session.
The Dow Jones Industrial Average fell 137.72 points, or 0.67 percent, to 20,454.14, the S&P 500 lost 15.92 points, or 0.68 percent, to 2,329.01 and the Nasdaq Composite dropped 31.01 points, or 0.53 percent, to 5,805.15. (Reporting by Chuck Mikolajczak; Editing by James Dalgleish)
As the years go by and people age, they find that parts of them stop working as well as they used to.
[GARFORTH, 2/2/2018] – Joints get stiffer, hearing becomes less keen, glasses become varifocal, and teeth can crumble away. Keeping everything going becomes a full-time job, which isn't much fun.
If someone is facing the fact that their teeth are on the way out, they have three options: bridges, dentures and dental implants. In Leeds, at Enhance dental, dental implants not only look good, they do the body good as well.
Dental implants from Enhance dental can be inserted to replace a single tooth, several teeth, or even whole arch of teeth, depending on the patient's needs. Enhance dental dentists often suggest dental implants because they are the only way to replace the root of the tooth as well as the crown. This crucial difference between dental implants and other tooth replacement options has several important benefits. Let's look at them now:
Keeping a strong, Healthy Jawbone with Enhance Dental Implants
When patients come to Enhance dental for dental implants, they not only get new teeth, they get the comfort of knowing that, over the coming decades, the bone cells around the implants will be continually stimulated by chewing to renew themselves. Without dental implants providing this stimulation, the bone tissue starts to dissolve and the jawbone actually gets smaller in width and height, eventually leading to the pointy-chinned saggy faced look of premature old age.
Dental Implants at Enhance Dental make it easier to chew
As dental implants anchor the teeth into the jawbone in the same way as natural tooth roots, they have a much more stable chewing base than other replacement methods. Dental implants from Enhance dental can withstand chewing forces of up to 97kg or 200lbs, which is more than the average male chewing force.
Dental implants from Enhance dental allow for a more varied diet
Being able to chew properly allows To Enhance dental patients to consume whatever they like and also to taste what they eat because nothing masks their taste buds. A varied diet is crucial for long-term health and needs to include many of the foods that denture wearers are advised to do without.
MINNEAPOLIS, March 31 Minneapolis Federal Reserve Bank President Neel Kashkari said Friday that policymakers at the U.S. central bank want to shrink the Fed's massive balance sheet.
"There is interest among FOMC members to start to shrink the balance sheet in a gradual and predictable way," Kashkari said at a banking conference in Minneapolis, referring to the Federal Open Market Committee, which makes the Fed's monetary policy decisions. He added that the U.S. economy is still coming up short on both inflation and employment, so "there's no reason to hurry up and raise rates."
Kashkari was the lone dissenter this month on the Fed's decision to raise the U.S. short-term borrowing rate target a quarter of a percentage point, the third increase since the Great Recession. (Reporting by Ann Saphir; Editing by Chizu Nomiyama)
ATHENS, April 12 Greece sold 813 million euros ($863.49 million)of three-month T-bills to refinance a maturing issue, the country's debt agency PDMA said on Wednesday.
The three-month paper was sold at a yield of 2.70 percent, unchanged from a previous sale last month. The amount raised included 187.5 million euros in non-competitive bids.
The sale's bid-to-cover ratio was 1.30, unchanged from the previous auction on March 15.
In a rollover T-bill holders renew their positions instead of getting paid on the maturing paper they hold. The settlement date of the new bills is April 18. ($1 = 0.9415 euros) (Reporting by George Georgiopoulos)
Bank of Ireland has hired a former National Australia Bank (NAB) executive to lead the key €900 million information technology (IT) programme that the group's chief executive, Francesca McDonagh, inherited when she joined the lender last October.
Steve Collier, who had been in charge of a 350 million Australian dollar (€223 million) annual budget as leader in core banking transformation at NAB between 2009 and last year, will join Bank of Ireland on February 12th. He has had more than 30 years' experience in banking, having held senior roles in retail, credit and a number of strategic programmes at the Australian lender.
In an email sent internally by Ms McDonagh this week, the chief executive said the so-called core banking systems programme was “a big part of the work were are doing on our systems”, which was “helping to transform how we serve our customers, make things simpler and easier for them, and meet new regulatory requirements”.
The bank hired Swiss software company Temenos in late 2016 to replace its ageing banking systems. According to a Bank of Ireland investor presentation in August, the overhaul, known as Project Omega, is critical to the bank reducing its costs to less than 50 per cent of income over the medium term, from 58 per cent last year.
Ms McDonagh will be expected by investors to give much more detail on the programme's aims and outline medium-term financial when she hosts a capital markets day in June.
‘Book value'
A successful implementation of the IT programme is seen by analysts as key to Bank of Ireland's future stock market performance, as its shares are currently trading at a discount to rival AIB relative to how the lenders price their assets on their balance sheets, or what is known as “book value”.
The Irish Times reported in October that Bank of Ireland executives had been planning that the IT overhaul would lead to the lender cutting more than 1,000 jobs – or almost 9 per cent of its workforce as of the end of 2016 – from 2019.
The banks staff count has dropped almost 30 per cent from more than 16,000 in 2008 as it and other lenders sought to slash costs in the wake of the financial crisis as the size of their businesses contracted.
Bank of Ireland had appointed Maureen Stanley as interim programme director for the banking systems programme last June. She will now return to her role as group head of integrated planning.
UPDATE: Two Gladfield and Maryvale Rural Firefighting crews are still battling blazes caused by a caravan.
Firefighters believe a caravan travelling on the Cunningham Hwy lost one of it's wheels, and caused the fire by throwing sparks into the dry grass along the road.
At least three separate fires were caused by the sparks over a 150m stretch of the highway, which threatened one property east of Gladfield.
A police officer on the scene said the caravan had since driven off.
Photos View Photo Gallery
EARLIER: A LARGE grassfire is burning on the side of the Cunningham Hwy, closing traffic in at least one direction.
The fire is believed to be covering about 150m of land, near North Branch Rd.
Early reports suggest the fire was ignited by a spark from a caravan as it lost a wheel.
Two fire crews and Queensland police crews are on the scene.
Updates to follow.
TOKYO Confidence among Japan's manufacturers climbed to the highest since the global financial crisis a decade ago, a Reuters survey showed, while March trade data showed 12 percent growth in exports - the biggest gain in over two years.
Japan's economy has shown more signs of life in recent months thanks to pick-up in exports and factory output.
But, stubbornly weak private consumption has put a drag on growth, underscoring the challenge Prime Minister Shinzo Abe faces in pulling the world's third largest economy out of two decades of stagnation.
The monthly Reuters Tankan poll - which tracks the Bank of Japan's key Tankan - showed sentiment at manufacturers rose for an eighth month in April to its highest since 2007.
The sentiment index for manufacturers rose one point to 26 in the poll of 529 large and midsize firms, conducted between April 4-17 in which 261 responded.
"Rising sentiment despite the dollar's fall below 110 yen during the survey period underscores that underlying conditions are firm," said Yutaka Miura, a senior technical analyst at Mizuho Securities.
But Miura noted the yen's strength - it gained 3.5 percent against the dollar over the past month - was making manufacturers more cautious going forward as exports were becoming less competitive.
Although the trade data showed Japan's surplus with the United States had narrowed, concerns about President Donald Trump's pledges to adopt more protectionist policies have also clouded the outlook for big Japanese exporters.
And the Reuters survey showed the manufacturers' sentiment index was seen slipping to 20 in July.
"Uncertainty is mounting overseas, with emerging markets and resource-producing economies undershooting, while protectionism is on the rise - as seen in Britain's vote to exit the European Union and the results of the U.S. presidential election," a manager at a machinery maker wrote in the survey.
UNEVEN RECOVERY
The government on Thursday also raised its assessment of business sentiment, the first upgrade in four months, while sticking to its overall assessment that the economy is recovering gradually though pockets of weakness remain.
Yasukawa Electric Corp said on Thursday its group operating profit fell 17.2 percent in the business year to March to 30.4 billion yen (217.43 million pounds), though the leading industrial-robot maker expects it to rebound 31.5 percent this fiscal year.
That, however, is based on an estimate of the dollar at 110 yen on average, so a further yen rise would erode profits.
Still, the export growth in March easily beat market forecasts, led by increased shipments of car parts and steel, and the benefits were gradually spreading to domestic demand.
The Reuters Tankan showed confidence at service-sector firms hitting a three-month high at plus 28, up two points in April from March, led by wholesalers.
As with manufacturing, however, the outlook was less buoyant, with the index seen slipping back to 26 in the coming three months.
On Tuesday, Vice President Mike Pence, attended an inaugural U.S.-Japan economic dialogue, put Tokyo on notice that Washington wants results "in the near future" from talks it hopes will open Japan's markets to U.S. goods.
(Reporting by Tetsushi Kajimoto; additional reporting by Izumi Nakagawa, Yoshiyuki Osada and Minami Funakoshi; Editing by Simon Cameron-Moore)
YouTube singer Austin Jones arrested on child pornography charges
LOS ANGELES, June 14 A 24-year-old YouTube singer with a teen fan base has been charged with using social media to solicit explicit videos from two young female fans.
BUCHAREST, April 28 Here are news stories, press reports and events to watch which may affect Romanian financial markets on Friday.
DEBT ISSUANCE
Romania aims to sell 3.7 billion lei ($888.04 million) worth of leu currency bills and bonds in May and an additional 405 million lei at non-competitive rounds of auctions, the finance ministry said on Thursday.
NUCLEARELECTRICA
Romanian state-owned nuclear power producer Nuclearelectrica said on Thursday it planned to shut its U1 nuclear reactor on the river Danube on May 2 until May 5 and stop its U2 reactor from May 6 for about one-month for maintenance.
OLTCHIM
PCC Rokita SA said its units Fate Sp. z o.o. and Hebe Sp. z o.o. have registered a new Romania-based unit Valcea Chemicals S.R.L. (Valcea Chemicals) in connection with the company's initial interest related to possible purchase of assets of Romania-based Oltchim SA.
CEE MARKETS
Hungarian government bond prices jumped at an auction on Thursday, with demand driven by a combination of loose monetary policy and expectations euro zone debt prices will fall.
BANKS
European Union banks are upset by proposals from 13 smaller EU states to boost the power of national supervisors in setting lenders' capital buffers against the risk of failure, a move that could increase banks costs.
The proposal comes from nearly half of the 28 EU states. They are Belgium, Luxembourg, Hungary, Cyprus, Bulgaria, Croatia, Czech Republic, Latvia, Lithuania, Poland, Slovakia, Slovenia and Romania.
For the long-term Romanian diary, click on
For emerging markets economic events, click on
For an index of all diaries, click on
For other related news, double-click on: --------------------------------------------------------------- Romanian equities RO-E E.Europe equities .CEE Romanian money RO-M Romanian debt RO-D Eastern Europe EEU All emerging markets EMRG Hot stocks Stock markets STX Market debt news DBT Forex news FRX For real-time index quotes, double-click on: Bucharest BETI Warsaw WIG20 Budapest BUX Prague PX --------------------------------------------------------
April 3 Interpace Diagnostics Group Inc
* Interpace Diagnostics announces European patent approval for underlying technology of its thyramir microrna classifier
* Interpace Diagnostics Group Inc says plans to validate and enforce this intellectual property in select European countries going forward Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
U.S. President Donald Trump is offering his condolences to Canadians
U.S. President Donald Trump is offering his condolences to Canadians following Monday's deadly van attack on pedestrians in Toronto.
He made the remarks amid the pomp of a White House ceremony Tuesday as he welcomed French President Emmanuel Macron for a state visit, the first of the Trump presidency.
Trump began the affair by offering his hopes for a speedy recovery for George H.W. Bush, the former president who now hospitalized with an infection following the death of his wife Barbara.
Related: Trudeau calls van attack ‘horrific and senseless'
He then mentioned the attack in Toronto, where 10 people were killed and 15 others injured when a rental van mounted the sidewalk and plowed through a crowd of passersby.
”I also want to express our deepest sympathies to the Canadian people following the horrendous tragedy in Toronto that claimed so many innocent lives,” Trump said.
”Our hearts are with the grieving families in Canada.”
The attack drew extensive international attention, its images on the front pages of foreign newspapers and cable outlets, some of which offered live broadcasts of the aftermath.
Alek Minassian, 25, of Richmond Hill, Ont., was apprehended by police without incident not long after the attack. He is charged with 10 counts of first-degree murder and 13 counts of attempted murder.
Related: 10 killed, 15 injured after van hits pedestrians in Toronto
Related: Officer's actions ‘one shining moment' after Toronto van attack
The Canadian Press
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter.
March 30 AO World Plc
* Results of placing announced earlier today
* Placing of total of 37.7 million new ordinary shares of 0.25 pence each in co, representing approximately 9.0 percent
* Shares placed at a price of 132.5 pence per placing share raising proceeds of 50 mln stg, subject to completion
* Expected that admission will take place at 8.00 am on April 3, at which time dealings in placing shares will commence Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Bengaluru Newsroom: +91 806 749 1136)
ARKHANGELSK, Russia, March 30 Russian President Vladimir Putin said on Thursday Moscow would support U.S. President Donald Trump in fighting terrorism and cooperate with the Pentagon and Central Intelligence Agency.
"It is right that President Trump sets this goal. We will support this work," Putin said, speaking at an Arctic forum in northern Russia.
Putin said he would discuss efforts to combat terrorism with U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson in Russia and was ready to work with the new U.S. presidential administration on fighting Islamic State in Syria.
(Reporting by Oksana Kobzeva; writing by Maria Tsvetkova; Editing by Jack Stubbs)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Manitex International Inc:
* MANITEX INTERNATIONAL SAYS ON JAN 29, MICHAEL SCHNEIDER NOTIFIED CO OF INTENTION TO DEPART AS CFO - SEC FILING Source text - bit.ly/2s0Dz5d Further company coverage:
April 28 World Reach Ltd
* "Revenues for FY2017 are expected to be significantly less than those enjoyed in FY2016"
* Anticipated that company's net performance before tax, for FY2017 will be a net loss in range of $220,000 to $370,000. Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Spanish stocks - Factors to watch on Thursday
The following Spanish stocks may be affected by newspaper reports and other factors on Thursday. Reuters has not verified the newspaper reports, and cannot vouch for their accuracy:
CHICAGO, March 30 Illinois' already low credit rating could be downgraded if the state does not end its record-breaking 21-month budget impasse over the next two months, Moody's Investors Service said on Thursday.
The credit rating agency said the state is at a "critical juncture," and that failure to reach a budget consensus by the May 31 end of the current legislative session would "signal deepening political paralysis, heightening the risk of creditor-adverse actions."
(Reporting By Karen Pierog; Editing by Chizu Nomiyama)
Canada's Home Capital agrees settlement with regulator
TORONTO, June 14 Home Capital Group Inc said on Wednesday it had agreed on a settlement with the Ontario Securities Commission and accepted responsibiity for misleading investors about problems with its mortgage underwriting procedures.
The Nigerian Youth Parliament has called on the Federal and State governments to begin to put measures in place to restructure Nigeria.
While briefing newsmen in Abuja on Monday, Mr. Ayodele Obe, Secretary General of the Parliament, made series of demands from the Federal and state government as well as the National Assembly.
For the Federal Government, the group advised that the nation should not shy away from restructuring as other nations around the World were adjusting to realities.
The parliament called for immediate measures to tackle unemployment as millions of Nigerian youths remained unemployed.
“The ugly situation of unemployment seems to have been receiving little or no policy attention presently.
“Therefore, Parliament resolves that Federal Government of Nigeria should declare state of emergency on the economic sector, meet every policy statement targeting the recovery of our economy with the right strategic actions, build youth capacity and create jobs.
“The presidency should declare state of emergency in the power, Agriculture and science and Technology sectors. Consequently, the ministers of these Ministries should sit up and meet every policy statement with Action.
“There should be complete economic and political restructuring of the country; giving the federating constituents the capacity to realize their unique socio-economic and political potentials and grow their prosperity.
“This is because no nation has ever grown a robust economy by sharing ‘national income as in the case of Nigeria, but by realizing and developing diverse areas of unique advantages.
“The Federal Government should open sincere dialogue with different genuine groups clamouring for the restructuring of the country.
“That the outcome of the National Confab be fully implemented, as it reflects the true opinions, consent and goodwill of every Nigerian,” he said.
The group also called on the government to pay more attention to youths at all level and make adequate budgetary provisions for them.
The group expressed displeasure at the spate of unguarded statements by some Nigerians.
The parliament therefore called on the National Assembly to enact laws that will prescribe stringent punishment for persons who make such unguarded comments.
The group warned all persons posing as youth groups to desist and to stop heating up the polity to favour certain persons.
They also called on the National Assembly to fulfil its statutory obligations and other promises made to the Youth Parliament.
“The 8th National Assembly should promulgate an Act that will establish the punitive measures as deterrents to every hate speech that will ridicule and destabilise the National Unity and cohesion.
The group commended the National Assembly for passing amendments that will grant autonomy to local governments and states assemblies as well as reducing the age requirement to run for elective positions.
The Youth Parliament however called on the state governments and their assemblies to follow suit by ensuring the laudable amendments are passed in the respective states.
“That the State Houses of Assembly should as a matter of necessity pass the NOT TOO YOUNG TO RUN BILL and the Local Government Autonomy Bill as passed by the National Assembly.
“Notably, the youth demography is watching with keen interest and ready to adequately match our Rhetoric with ACTIONS in ensuring that the Bills blaze through,” Obe said.
The group further called on the Federal Government to declare a National Youth Day for celebrating youths, and call for an urgent meeting with youth stakeholders.
Other demands made of the Federal Government include: “That the Federal government should convoke a National Youth Conference on Security and peace building.
“That the presidency should remove the National Youth Service Corps budget from the Youth budget.
“The presidency should as a matter of urgency commence the full implementation of all treaties, agreements and consensus with any group.
“The Federal Government should adhere and comply with all court rulings, judgments and injunctions, thereby doing away with selectiveness in the compliance with any outcome of court process.
“This is to strengthen our nascent democracy, ensure good place for rule of law, separation of powers and ensure checks and balances,” he said.
The group finally called on political parties to strengthen the youth wings of the parties or risk nationwide campaign with other youth groups against such party.
The parliament vowed to do what is required to ensure the Unity, Progress and robust prosperity of Nigeria.
Hundreds of Amazon workers protested their employer's labor practices in Berlin on Tuesday as publisher Axel Springer awarded company founder Jeff Bezos a prize for business innovation and social responsibility.
Bezos refuted criticism of his company's wage and labor practices, which have led to past strikes and also caused prominent German politicians to weigh in.
German Amazon workers want the company to agree on new contracts governing their wages
Tuesday's protests
About 450 Amazon workers from Germany, Spain and Poland demonstrated outside Axel Springer headquarters in Berlin on Tuesday evening.
The workers, who belong to the German trade union Verdi, held signs reading "Make Bezos pay," chanted and waved flags.
Their demands include wage regulation for workers in the company's German logistic centers so that their pay corresponds to the retail and shipping industry.
Read more: Amazon faces 'Black Friday' strikes in Germany, Italy
Criticism from German unions, politicians
Verdi union boss Frank Bsirske described Axel Springer's decision to award its 2018 prize to Bezos as a "mockery and a shame" and accused the Amazon head of seeking to "Americanize" labor conditions in Germany. "We don't want to go back to the 19th century."
Other European workers' unions expressed solidarity with the protests in Berlin.
The newly-elected chairwoman of the Social Democrats (SPD), Andrea Nahles, whose party is in a coalition government with Angela Merkel, said Bezos "didn't deserve any prize" and criticized Amazon's conditions for workers.
The Left's Bernd Riexinger also said Amazon's "visionary" success was based on worker exploitation and tax avoidance.
When asked about workers' criticism of Amazon during the prize ceremony, Bezos described them as unjustified and said that the company provides good conditions and wages for its German workers.
Amazon under fire: Tuesday's protests in Berlin demonstrated that the consistent criticism the online behemoth has faced over the past year shows no sign of abating. Additionally, the statement from SPD chairwoman Nahles, which dpa reported was greeted by boos, also shows how the party is trying to refresh its image as the political defender of German workers.
Past action: Amazon workers across Europe have walked off the job in protest, with employees in Spain conducting their first-ever strike in March. Both the EU and US President Donald Trump have criticized the company's tax policies.
Read more: Opinion: Andrea Nahles must now prove she can reinvent the SPD
The ceremony in Berlin
Bezos is the third-ever recipient of the Axel Springer Award. The publishing house says the non-monetary prize is awarded to an "extraordinary person, who is uniquely innovative, creates and changes markets, and influences culture and simultaneously assumes social responsibility."
In a press release, Axel Springer, which publishes Germany's daily Bild, praised Bezos for Amazon's "visionary" digital business practices, as well as his strategic digitalization strategy for the US newspaper The Washington Post, which Bezos bought in 2013.In his acceptance remarks, Bezos said he believes his legacy will be based on investment in space exploration. The Amazon CEO described Blue Origin, the space exploration company he funds, as "the most important thing I'm doing."
Bezos is currently the richest man in the world, according to Forbes business magazine. The company, which Bezos founded in 1994, reported a profit of slightly more than $3 billion (€2.45 billion) last year.
cmb/aw (AFP, dpa, Reuters)
Each evening at 1830 UTC, DW's editors send out a selection of the day's hard news and quality feature journalism. You can sign up to receive it directly here.
UPDATE 9-UPS worker kills 3 colleagues in San Francisco, turns gun on himself
SAN FRANCISCO, June 14 A UPS driver opened fire with a handgun inside a United Parcel Service Inc delivery center in San Francisco on Wednesday, killing three co-workers before fatally shooting himself as police closed in, authorities and company officials said.
UPDATE 1-U.S. beef speeds to China by air as trade deal ends 14-year ban
CHICAGO, June 14 The first shipment of U.S. beef to China under a new trade deal went airborne on Wednesday, a Nebraska meat company said, just two days after Washington finalized details to resume exports, ending a 14-year ban.
BEIJING Beijing has ordered 15 online real estate portals to remove misleading information, false advertising and even advice on feng shui by Wednesday, as part of its campaign to cool a red-hot housing market.
Advertisements on the websites should not promise rising returns on Beijing real estate investment, the official Xinhua news agency reported, as the Chinese capital battles with soaring home prices and property speculators.
While flats in Beijing on average are still cheaper than homes in Tokyo or London, authorities fear surging prices are increasing household debt, heightening banks' credit risks and fanning grassroots resentment as home affordability fades.
The targeted websites, which include popular real estate portals Lianjia and I Love My Home, should also not offer to help prospective buyers handle matters related to local "hukou" residence permits or school enrolment, Xinhua reported late on Tuesday.
They are not allowed to spread rumors or disseminate misleading information such as "limitless potential for price gains."
Content on feng shui or any form of financing advice is also forbidden.
The measures are the latest restrictions to help cool Beijing's fevered real estate sector.
In mid-March, the Beijing government raised the minimum down payment on a second home to 60 percent from 50 percent. On bigger homes, that minimum increased to 80 percent from 70 percent.
They also suspended issuing individual mortgage loans of more than 25 years, effectively forcing borrowers to take on more expensive shorter loans.
Buying a third property has already been banned.
(Reporting by Ryan Woo; Editing by Randy Fabi)
Harrogate may be a town steeped in tradition but work has just been completed on what may be its most futuristic-ever properties.
The work of Harrogate property developer Robin Vauvelle, the four innovative new houses are located near the town centre at Robert Street.
A bit of a roof garden feel for the revamped area of Robert Street in Harrogate.
Srikingly modern, the new, three-bedroom houses are stone built around a steel frame with zinc roofs, glass fronted balconies and high-spec interior.
So radical is the ‘Fawcett's Mews' development, the scheme's bold developer has actively courted the support of its neighbours in the area's surrounding Victorian stone-built houses and neighbouring Gothic red-brick St Robert's Church.
He said: “The site was becoming an eyesore and a lot of people felt it was a huge shame that the land wasn't being used for something useful so when it came up for sale I decided to take the plunge.
“We were aware that because we were doing something that was quite different to a ‘standard' modern three-bed property that we needed to make sure the people who live in the neighbouring streets were supportive, which they wholeheartedly were.”
Totally transforming what had been the 5,300 sq ft disused Fawcett's joiner's yard, the development has been a two-year labour of love for the developer who lives in a neighbouring street and is a passionate supporter of modern design.
Robin Vauvelle added; “Braver, bolder modern design is something we need to see more of in our northern towns and cities in my opinion. I think we've proved that it's not something to be scared of and can work really well when the design values are right.”
Mr Vauvelle brought award-winning architect Ric Blenkharn to the project, a director at Malton-based firm Bramhall Blenkharn, which is famed for its visionary approach to building design, and a track record of creating modern buildings from older properties and brownfield sites.
Have your say.
Email me: graham.chalmers@jpress.co.uk
Jason Lynn will be aiming to take another step closer to the Ulster and Irish Supersport Championship titles on Saturday at St Angelo in Enniskillen.
The airfield circuit is the penultimate round of the championship prior to the showpiece JAS Finlay Sunflower Trophy meeting at Bishopscourt from October 20-21.
Eunan McGlinchey will be aiming to ruffle a few feathers at St Angelo.
Reigning champion Lynn is riding high on the Walter Bell Suzuki after wrapping up the Masters Supersport crown last weekend at Mondello Park in Co Kildare.
He leads the Ulster Supersport Championship by 17 points from Korie McGreevy and Christian Elkin, who are tied in second spot.
However, Lynn has a healthier lead of 39 points in the Irish Championship over Ross Patterson and McGreevy.
Both Patterson and McGreevy are among his chief rivals, while Aghadowey's Eunan McGlinchey will be hoping to get into the mix at the front after winning his maiden Masters Supersport race after a brilliant performance at Mondello Park last Sunday. The young prospect has already won the Irish Production Twin and 600 UC Supersport Cup this season.
In the Irish Superbike class, Charles Stuart tops the points standings in both championships on his Yamaha R1 from Mark Glasgow, with Cody Nally and Carl Phillips third and fourth respectively in each series.
Skerries man Michael Sweeney, a regular frontrunner at the Irish national road races, is also among the entries on the MJR BMW.
Brian Reid's son Simon, who won his maiden Supertwin race at Bishopscourt a few weeks ago in his rookie season of Irish short circuit racing, is locked in a battle with Marty Lennon for the title.
Reid holds a slender lead of nine points over Lennon in a duel that looks set to go down to the wire at the Sunflower meeting.
This is the fourth year of the event, which is organised by Enniskillen and District Motorcycle Club. More than 190 entries have been received and a terrific day's racing is in store.
Gates will open at 8.30am for spectators. Admission is £10 for adults and £5 for U16s. Children under the age of 12 are admitted free.
Practice is scheduled to start at 9.30am for all classes at St Angelo, which is located at Killadeas Road, Enniskillen.
Soccer-De Biasi quits as Albania coach, says his cycle over
TIRANA, June 14 Albania coach Gianni De Biasi resigned on Wednesday after six years in charge during which he led them to Euro 2016, their first and only appearance at a major tournament.
* Record high U.S. crude stocks to weigh on prices
* Poor commitment from non-OPEC producers pose risks
* For a table of crude price forecasts, see
By Swati Verma
March 31 Oil analysts have grown more pessimistic that OPEC's supply cut will be enough to offset the increase in U.S. production and do not believe prices will reach $60 a barrel until early next year, according to a Reuters poll on Friday.
Brent crude is expected to average $57.07 per barrel in 2017, slightly lower than last month's forecast of $57.52, the poll of 32 economists and analysts showed.
Forecasts for Brent range from a high of $73 in 2017 by Raymond James to a low of $51 by Commerzbank.
Growing U.S. supply is expected to partly offset cuts by the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries and their partners, said Rahul Prithiani, director at CRISIL Research.
"If U.S. producers keep on increasing output at the same pace then rebalancing in the oil markets is expected to get delayed beyond 2017," he said.
U.S. shale production is expected to rise by 109,000 barrels per day (bpd) to 4.96 million bpd in April, its biggest monthly increase since October, according to a U.S. Energy Information Administration report this month.
Analysts said OPEC's first accord on supply curbs since 2008 could be challenged by poor adherence from participants outside the group, even as OPEC states have been broadly compliant.
"Poor commitment from outside the group could threaten the remainder of the agreement as Saudi Arabia is pulling most of the weight, while Russia, which in many cases is a direct competitor, has failed to deliver the promised cuts," said Giorgos Beleris, analyst at Thomson Reuters Oil Research and Forecasts.
OPEC oil output is likely to fall for a third straight month in March, a Reuters survey found on Wednesday, as the United Arab Emirates made progress in trimming supplies.
Meanwhile, maintenance and unrest have hampered output from Nigeria and Libya, which are both exempt from the supply deal.
OPEC, which meets on May 25 in Vienna, pledged last year to reduce output by about 1.2 million bpd for the first half of 2017. Non-OPEC producers agreed to cut about half that amount.
Brent crude has fallen about 5 percent so far this month, the biggest percentage decline since July. Record high U.S. stocks have led speculators to cut holdings of U.S. crude oil futures and options to the lowest since December.
"The initial liquidation in net long positions is a concern; it reflects weaker market confidence in oil prices, amid rising U.S. shale investment and production," said Cailin Birch, analyst at Economist Intelligence Unit.
The risk of an even faster sell-off will be seen as a major risk by most oil-producing countries, providing further motivation for the OPEC deal to be extended, Birch added.
The Reuters survey forecast U.S. WTI crude futures would average $55.53 a barrel in 2017, slightly lower than last month's forecast of $55.66. (Additional reporting by Vijaykumar Vedala in Bengaluru; Editing by Amanda Cooper and Edmund Blair)
AIG teams with IBM to use blockchain for 'smart' insurance policy
June 14 Insurer American International Group Inc has partnered with International Business Machines Corp to develop a "smart" insurance policy that uses blockchain to manage complex international coverage, the companies said on Wednesday.
April 3 Cadence Bancorporation
* Cadence Bancorporation says offering 7.5 million shares of class A common stock in IPO
* Cadence Bancorporation - Initial Public Offering price is currently estimated to be between $19.00 and $21.00 per share Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: [Cadence Bancorporation]
May 3 Khalkos Exploration Inc
* Acquisition of partial royalties on the Jag Block of the Malartic Property
* Signing of an agreement to buy back a 1 pct NSR royalty on Jag Block (24 claims) of its Malartic Property
* To complete buyback, Khalkos needs to make a cash payment of $ 10,000 and issue 1 million common shares to owner (J.A.G Mines Ltd.) Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
March 31 Cover-more Group Ltd:
* Expects to lodge copy of court's orders approving scheme with Australian Securities And Investments Commission on 3 April 2017
* It is expected that trading in Cover-More's shares on ASX will be suspended from close of trading on Monday, 3 April 2017
* Court approved scheme of arrangement between Cover-More and shareholders under which Zurich Insurance through unit will acquire all shares in co Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Bitcoin soared past $4,000 (€3,382) for the first time on growing optimism faster transaction times will hasten the spread of the cryptocurrency.
The largest digital tender jumped to a peak of $4,125.17 on Monday, a gain of 15 per cent since Friday, after a plan to quicken trade execution by moving some data off the main network was activated last week.
The solution - termed SegWit2x - had been so contentious that a new version of the asset called Bitcoin Cash was spun off earlier this month in opposition.
The split grew out of the tension between growing demand for the virtual currency and some of the design features that had fuelled that popularity - the decentralized verification procedures that ensured against hacking and government oversight. While this month's confrontation ended up as little more than a speed bump in bitcoin's more than 300 per cent rally in 2017, concerns remain around the capacity to increase transaction volumes.
“Up until now a lot of people didn't really believe bitcoin could go any higher until the scaling issue is resolved,” said Arthur Hayes, Hong Kong-based founder of bitcoin exchange BitMEX. “With this actually being implemented on protocol, theoretically the amount of transactions that can be processed at a reasonable speed is going to be much higher, so a lot of people are very bullish about bitcoin now.”
Because of a cap on the amount of data processed by bitcoin's blockchain, transactions started to slow as its popularity boomed. The community was then divided between the SegWit2x solution backed by a group of developers and another supported by miners that sought a larger increase in the block size. The latter than became Bitcoin Cash.
Bitcoin Cash, whose price has retreated since peaking right after its birth, has neither disrupted its progenitor's operations nor undercut its appeal.
While SegWit2x has garnered enough support for activation, challenges remain. Its next stage involves doubling the block size to 2 megabytes some time in November, a possibility that's still mired in debate.
Reduced support could thwart this step, with some arguing that Bitcoin Cash -- with a block size of 8 megabytes - has obviated the need for another “hard fork” to upgrade the bitcoin again, Hayes said.
The cryptocurrency's staggering price surge has bolstered related businesses. Digital currency exchange Coinbase announced Thursday it's received a $100 million investment. The supply of bitcoin is capped at 21 million, compared with 16.5 million that had been mined as of Saturday, according to blockchain.info.
“People are starting to price in the consumer demand from Coinbase's $100 million fund-raising round,” said Justin Short, London-based founder of trading platform Nous. “That's a lot of advertising budgets. Every $1 million of marketing brings new demand, which increases the price as the supply is limited by design.”
-(Bloomberg)
April 10 Cummins Inc:
* Eaton and cummins Inc announce joint venture for automated transmissions for heavy- and medium-duty commercial vehicles
* Under terms of agreement, Eaton will receive $600 million in cash from Cummins for 50 percent interest in joint venture.
* Cummins and Eaton will each own 50 percent of new joint venture
* Cummins will consolidate joint venture results as part of its components business segment Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Contact
Bruce Beck
DB&R Marketing Communications, Inc.
***@dbrpr.com Bruce BeckDB&R Marketing Communications, Inc.
End
-- California Landmark Group (CLG) has started construction on "G8", a 230-unit apartment development in the Marina Arts District adjacent to Marina del Rey, CA. G8 will be one of the largest multifamily developments to be built on Los Angeles' Westside in several years.Located at 13448 West Beach Avenue with access along Beach, Glencoe and Del Rey Avenues, G8 will feature a mix of single, one-, two- and three-bedroom units ranging in size from 550 to 1,500 square feet. G8 will feature more than 15,000 square feet of common area amenities, including a pocket park, three courtyards with pools, collaborative indoor and outdoor workspaces, a fully equipped fitness center and a rooftop deck offering unobstructed city and ocean views. Unit interiors will feature contemporary industrial finishes typical in many "byCLG" projects. Incorporated into the development will be 25,000 square feet of renovated creative office space.Spanning a full city block and nearly three acres, the $100 million development is designed as six architecturally distinct contemporary structures of varying heights in order to reduce the scale and massing of the project. The design team includes design architect Rios Clementi Hale Studios and executive architect PK Architecture.The Westside, especially the beachside communities, is one of the most desirable places to live in the Los Angeles area and also is one of its tightest rental markets, according to CLG founder Ken Kahan."G8 is being built to meet the demand from millennials and young professionals who want to be near the beach and take advantage of the explosive growth in jobs created by established and startup companies in tech, digital media and entertainment in the area."The coastal area stretching six miles from Santa Monica south to Playa Vista is home to more than 500 tech and related companies earning it the moniker of Silicon Beach. Since 2011, the area has attracted such successful startups as Snap, Inc., True Car, and Dollar Shave Club, all of which wcj currently enjoy valuations in excess of $1 billion. Startups located in Venice, Santa Monica and Marina del Rey received approximately three quarters of the approximately $4 billion of venture capital that poured into Los Angeles last year, according to Built in LA, which tracks that information.G8 is the seventh and largest apartment project developed by California Landmark in the Marina Arts District since entering the market in 2006. When construction of G8 is complete, (fourth quarter - 2019), the Los Angeles-based real estate investment and development firm will have delivered more than 725 apartment units to the area.Once home to auto repair and body shops, the Marina Arts District is now an enclave of contemporary apartments and state-of-the art creative commercial space, while still retaining its original industrial feel with edgy, urban designs. The neighborhood is an easy walk to an abundance of shopping, dining and entertainment options, located in both the Marina shopping district and the eclectic Abbot Kinney neighborhood. It is also an easy commute by car or bicycle to Venice Beach, Santa Monica and Culver City.About California LandmarkCalifornia Landmark Group ( http://www.californialandmark.com ) is a Los Angeles-based real estate operating company that has acquired, repositioned and developed more than $750 million worth of luxury multifamily and Class A commercial real estate assets throughout California over the past three decades.
ZURICH Credit Suisse (CSGN.S) shareholders on Friday narrowly approved the Swiss bank's 2016 compensation report in a non-binding vote at its annual shareholder meeting, with 40 percent of the vote opposing the pay policy.
"It is my job to prevent such a low vote in future," Chairman Urs Rohner said after the vote.
At last year's AGM, 17.9 percent of the vote had opposed the compensation report. Senior management at Credit Suisse, Switzerland's second-biggest bank, volunteered to take a 40 percent cut in their bonuses amid unrest over the pay packets on the back of 5.65 billion francs (4.45 billion pounds) in losses since 2015. The board of directors also offered to freeze their pay.
(Reporting by Joshua Franklin and Oliver Hirt; editing by Brenna Hughes Neghaiwi)
Newtownabbey PSNI are appealing for information over a report a teenage boy had been dragged up Carnmoney Hill through Knockenagh Avenue by another male.
Police are urging anyone witnessed the incident on Friday, June 22 around 9:30pm to contact them on 101 and quote incident no. 1706 of 22/06/18.
—
DISCRIMINATION against trans people will soon be illegal in Pakistan.
Two bills to protect trans people were introduced in the National Assembly this week, Gay Star News has reported.
The bills will include a broad definition of trans, including “any person whose gender identity and/or gender expression differs from the society norms and cultural expectations based on the sex they were assigned at the time of their birth”.
Discrimination against trans people, including preventing them from inheriting property, denying them education, and evicting them from premises will soon be illegal under the new laws.
The bills also seek to rectify laws prohibiting basic rights, such as voting and holding public office, to trans people.
The Supreme Court of Pakistan ruled in 2011 that passports and national identity cards should include a gender option for trans people. The first such passport was issued this year to trans activist Farzana Jan.
April 13 Kratos Defense And Security Solutions Inc
* Kratos defense and security solutions inc - micro systems, inc, co's business unit, has successfully converted a russian t-72 tank to operate unmanned Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
THE Committee on Dangerous Drugs at the House of Representatives wants President Rodrigo Duterte to dismiss Customs Commissioner Nicanor Faeldon right away for gross incompetence and corruption.
“When he assumed office, he centralized all powers by creating a command center. He did not even ask permission from the Secretary of Finance. He did not issue a department order creating it. He is simply managing it by himself. These actions are signs of incompetence,” Rep. Robert Barbers, chairman of the panel, said in a news forum on Monday.
“Next week we will present the committee report to President Duterte and we will ask him to dismiss Faeldon,” he added.
Along with its recommendation, the panel may also include the name of Faeldon's possible replacement.
“Walang bilib kami dyan (We don't trust that man),” Barbers said of Faeldon.
Sen. Panfilo Lacson on Monday said the name of Faeldon and his “bagman” was in the list of officials and individuals receiving “payola” at the BoC.
Lacson, in an interview with reporters, admitted acquiring a list containing the names of Customs personnel and officials who have been receiving grease money from brokers and “facilitators.”
“May pangalan siya roon, pati pangalan ng bagman niya naroon din. (His name was there, the name of his bagman was also there),” Lacson said.
The Senate blue ribbon committee will resume its hearing on the P6.4 billion shabu shipment from China on Tuesday. Lacson said he will personally ask Faeldon if he knew the people on the list.
Faeldon, a former Marine officer, assumed his Customs post on June 30 last year, replacing Alberto Lina.
The Custom's chief's competence was questioned after P6.4 billion shipment of shabu from China passed through the Bureau of Customs' green lane. The illegal drugs were later found in two warehouses in Valenzuela City.
“It is a big embarrassment to President Duterte who ordered the raid of illegal drugs laboratories all over the country. This time, they are allowing the entry of illegal drugs through Customs,” Barbers said.
Barbers' panel has finished its inquiry into the illegal drug shipment and is readying the final draft of the report.
“The Committee on Ways and Means is still conducting a hearing. Maybe the Committee on Good Government and Public Accountability will also hold a hearing to investigate graft and corruption at the Customs bureau,” he said.
Barbers said his committee hearings have revealed the practice of payola as well as the involvement of some officials of the bureau.
The Senate's Blue Ribbon Committee, which also held an investigation of the release of the shabu shipment by the Customs bureau, learned from customs facilitator Mark Ruben Taguba that he had to pay extra fees to various divisions of the bureau to expedite the release of his cargoes.
Taguba named several individuals who allegedly received grease money, including Milo Maestrecampo, head of the Import Assessment Services (IAS). Maestrecampo denied receiving or demanding money from Taguba.
The controversy prompted Maestrecampo and Neil Anthony Estrella, chief of the Intelligence and Investigation Service, to quit their posts.
Last week, authorities found three cylinders, similar to those found in Valenzuela City, in an abandoned townhouse in Sampaloc, Manila. The cylinders were empty but investigators found traces of shabu granules.
“It could be that the cylinders found in Sampaloc were part of that cache of shabu in Valenzuela warehouses,” Barbers said.
Worse, no one could be charged for the discovery of the P6.4 billion shabu because the pieces of evidence were considered contaminated and that the raid was conducted without coordination with the Philippine Drug Enforcement Agency.
WITH JEFFERSON ANTIPORDA
MEXICO CITY Mexico's human rights commission on Saturday condemned the killing of a police beat reporter in western Mexico, the latest in a string of journalists shot down in acts that may be connected to their work.
Reporter Maximino Rodriguez was gunned down while in his car in a shopping centre parking lot on Friday afternoon in the state capital of La Paz, about 100 miles (160 km) from the beach resort of Cabo San Lucas.
A journalist with news and opinion website Colectivo Pericu, Rodriguez was in the car with his wife, but she was not harmed when gunmen opened fire from a white pick-up truck, according to a report of the incident posted on the website.
Rodriguez is the fourth journalist killed in the last two months in Mexico, where organised crime and endemic corruption have contributed to the country's status as one of the most dangerous for journalists.
Since 2000, more than 120 Mexican journalists have been killed, according to data from the human rights commission.
(Reporting by David Alire Garcia; Editing by Sandra Maler)
Barcelona, Spain — 4 July — Massaje Domicilio Barcelona is one of the best massage parlours in the whole city of Barcelona. With great masseuses and great facilities this is by far the best massage in Barcelona experience one can ever wish for. With clients ranging from powerful politicians to prestigious business owners and rich tourists the parlour has one of the highest standards when it comes to treating clients the right way. Professionalism is innate to this place and its employees are some of the best trained hospitality college graduate sin France and from other countries. Besides amazing massage the parlour offers all kinds of SPA services for women and men alike and those are a great success among the customers.
Of course such a high class place can only be famous for one thing, the amazing masseuse tantra Barcelona which you will find nowhere anymore in France. These women are well trained specialists coming from Asian countries who only know to perform this kind of massage and are amazing at it. With hundreds of hours of practice, they master this massage to perfection and are ready to repeat the soothing movements of hands every single day for hours. According to the customers this massage in an unparalleled experience which is only available here at Massaje Domicilio Barcelona and for which they are willing to pay exorbitant amounts of money every single day.
The customer base of this masseuse Barcelona is truly elite. It is not surprising that the parlour always manages to attract its clients back and get new clients via word of mouth. This place knows how to value important clients and how to show them that they are always welcome here. These people come back here because they know they will not really want to leave even after hours of massage and SPA procedure which they do on a weekly basis. The atmosphere of this place is unique and upscale nothing can compare to it and nothing can repeat it in its entirety.
It is natural to conclude that this place is a must for everyone who wants to experience masseuse naturiste Barcelona at least once the atmosphere is unforgettable and the relaxation is out of this world this is one experience you definitely should try in Barcelona instead of going the beaten path of tourist attractions.
Massaje Domicilio Barcelona is one of the best massage parlours in Barcelona. With some pf the most high class clients and some of the best services in the country, this establishment rose to the prominence it has today by employing some of the best professional masseuses in the country and working on the client services to the point they are almost perfect.
Company Name: Massaje Domicilio Barcelona
Website: http://masajedomiciliobarcelona.com
(Adds dropped word "a million" in second paragraph)
ZURICH, April 28 Swiss bank UBS kicked off 2017 with a 79 percent jump in net profit as a brighter outlook boosted its investment bank and client trading in its core wealth management business.
Switzerland's biggest bank and the world's largest wealth manager said on Friday net profit for the first three months of 2017 was 1.3 billion Swiss francs ($1.31 billion). This overshot the average estimate of 919 million francs in a Reuters poll of seven analysts, beating even the highest forecast.
"While the global recovery is likely to continue, macroeconomic uncertainty, geopolitical tensions and divisive politics pose risks that may affect client sentiment and transaction volumes," UBS said in a statement. (Reporting by Brenna Hughes Neghaiwi and Joshua Franklin; Editing by Michael Shields)
Aug 12 (Gracenote) - Results and standings from the Romanian championship Preliminary Round matches on Saturday Saturday, August 12 Concordia Chiajna 1 Juventus Bucuresti 1 FCSB 1 FC Astra 1 Friday, August 11 ACS Poli Timisoara 0 FC Viitorul Constanta 0 Standings P W D L F A Pts 1 FC Botosani 5 4 1 0 11 3 13 2 CFR Cluj 5 4 1 0 9 1 13 3 FCSB 6 3 3 0 8 5 12 4 FC Astra 6 3 2 1 8 5 11 5 Dinamo Bucharest 5 3 0 2 7 3 9 6 Universitatea Craiova 5 2 3 0 6 3 9 ------------------------- 7 ACS Poli Timisoara 6 2 1 3 3 6 7 8 Sepsi Sfantu Gheorghe 5 2 0 3 5 9 6 9 FC Voluntari 5 1 2 2 5 6 5 10 FC Viitorul Constanta 6 1 2 3 3 4 5 11 CSM Politehnica Iasi 5 1 2 2 2 5 5 12 Gaz Metan Medias 5 1 1 3 3 10 4 13 Concordia Chiajna 6 0 2 4 3 7 2 14 Juventus Bucuresti 6 0 2 4 3 9 2 1-6: Championship play-off 7-14: Relegation play-off Next Fixtures (GMT): Sunday, August 13 Universitatea Craiova v FC Botosani (1430) CSM Politehnica Iasi v Dinamo Bucharest (1700) Monday, August 14 FC Voluntari v Gaz Metan Medias (1530) Sepsi Sfantu Gheorghe v CFR Cluj (1800)
RPT-UPDATE 1-OECD warns New Zealand on low labour productivity, endorses debt limits
WELLINGTON, June 15 The Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) warned New Zealand on Thursday that low labour productivity poses long-term challenges for the country despite its solid growth prospects.
An independent review into how the criminal justice system in Northern Ireland handles cases of serious sexual offences is now underway.
The review, commissioned by the Criminal Justice Board, will be led by retired appeal court judge Sir John Gillen.
He will be supported by an advisory panel, which will include victims representatives, academics and legal practitioners.
It comes in the wake of a heated public debate over the nine-week trial of Ireland and Ulster rugby players Paddy Jackson, 26, and Stuart Olding, 25. Both men were last month unanimously acquitted by a jury of raping the same woman.
According to the Department of Justice, the review – which began yesterday – will “consider the law and procedure covering the development and progression of cases of alleged serious sexual offences, taking account of experience from recent cases in Northern Ireland and developments in neighbouring jurisdictions”.
The review is expected to examine the following issues:
• disclosure of unused material
• support for victims and witnesses
• measures to ensure the anonymity of the complainant
• the arguments for defendant anonymity
• the impact of social media on trials
• reporting restrictions
• public attendance at trials
It is expected that the review will be completed by January 2019.
Sir John met with representatives of victims' groups at the Justice Department at Stormont on Tuesday morning to discuss the scope of the review.
He told the BBC that it would be a “balanced inquiry, an inquiry that looks not only at the complainants but also at the rights of the accused as well” and that the review would look at how other jurisdictions deal with serious sexual offence cases.
Sir John added: “I have absolutely no doubt the system that operates in the Republic of Ireland will be closely considered by myself and the advisory panel who will be acting with me.”
He also said that he hoped changes could be implemented despite the current political vacuum in Northern Ireland.
“There's no doubt that some of the changes that may be envisaged will involve legislation,” he told the BBC.
“But I'm hopeful that the powers that be, would take the necessary steps at the appropriate time to introduce the relevant legislation.”
The retired judge said that while some changes may require legislation, other could be“introduced fairly quickly into the actual process itself.”
April 6 Genius Properties Ltd:
* Genius announces proposed acquisition of Sakami and Kuujjuaq properties and appointment of new president and chief executive officer
* Genius Properties Ltd - appointment of Guy Goulet as president and chief executive officer and director of company
* Genius Properties-will purchase 100% interest in Sakami property, Kuujjuaq property respectively in consideration of issuance of 6 million and 6.5 million shares Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
TONASKET – Members of the Tonasket FFA built a new backstop at the Tonasket Kiwanis' Camp Tokwanee at Lost Lake.
* Firm says shareholders requested move to Kospi
* Kakao second-largest on Kosdaq by market cap (Adds Kakao comments, context)
SEOUL May 2 South Korean messaging app operator Kakao Corp said on Tuesday it will hold an extraordinary shareholder meeting on June 14 to vote on moving its shares to the country's main stock board.
A Kakao spokesman told Reuters the firm called for the vote to reflect requests from some shareholders about making the switch. The firm in April said it was considering such a move.
The company, which operates South Korea's dominant messaging app KakaoTalk, is the second-most valuable firm listed on Kosdaq with a market capitalisation of 6.3 trillion won ($5.58 billion). Should it move to the main Kospi, it would be the 43rd most valuable there based on Tuesday's closing price.
The Kakao spokesman declined to comment further on the rationale of the move but analysts said the firm could command a better valuation on the Kospi and attract more foreign and institutional investors.
"Kakao will likely be included in the Kospi 200 index once it migrates, so that will boost demand for the stock," said Baro Investment analyst Lee Kyung-il.
($1 = 1,128.8500 won) (Reporting by Se Young Lee; Editing by Randy Fabi and Christopher Cushing)
FILE PHOTO: An Amazon.com Inc driver stands next to an Amazon delivery truck in Los Angeles, California, U.S., May 21, 2016. REUTERS/Lucy Nicholson/File Photo
Amazon.com Inc (AMZN.O) plans to cut 263 jobs at its money-losing parenting products unit Quidsi this summer as part of a business restructuring, it said in a notice filed with New Jersey on Wednesday.
The New Jersey-based subsidiary operates Diapers.com, Soap.com and other websites.
"We have worked extremely hard for the past seven years to get Quidsi to be profitable and unfortunately we have not been able to do so," an Amazon spokeswoman said in a statement.
Quidsi's software development team will focus on building technology for the grocery delivery service AmazonFresh, the statement said.
The move underscores a shift in Amazon's focus to groceries and other areas since it closed its $500 million cash acquisition of Quidsi in 2011. Fresh food represents a large and fledgling market for online retailers, in contrast to goods such diapers that have been the subject of price wars in recent years.
"Consumables like soap and pet food are often priced very competitively by retailers in order to drive price perception and ultimately drive online and in-store traffic," said Guru Hariharan, chief executive of retail technology company Boomerang Commerce. "While unfortunate, the shutting down of the Quidsi sites isn't completely surprising."
The market appeared to welcome Amazon's attention to losses at the subsidiary, unusual for a company that has prioritized long-term investments over profit. Amazon's stock briefly hit a record high of $876.44 before closing at $874.32. Its chief executive and largest shareholder, Jeff Bezos, gained nearly $1.5 billion from the 2.1 percent stock rise.
SHOT AT RIVAL?
Quidsi was co-founded by Marc Lore, who sold the company during heated competition from Amazon "Mom" subscriptions that offered free shipping and perks on baby items. Amazon has been keen to attract subscribers, who order more goods more often, and now is estimated to have more than 50 million U.S. members in its fast-shipping club Prime.
Lore went on to found e-commerce startup Jet.com, which was acquired by Wal-Mart Stores Inc (WMT.N) last year in an attempt to rival Amazon online. Lore now is CEO of Wal-Mart's U.S. e-commerce division.
"It is likely that Prime has grown to the point where members no longer separately shop on Diapers.com or Soap.com so maintenance of separate product-specific sites makes less sense," Wedbush Securities analyst Michael Pachter said.
"It is possible that they are taking a shot at Mark Lore for competition at Wal-Mart."
Amazon on Tuesday announced a test phase of AmazonFresh Pickup, similar to a program offered by Wal-Mart and other grocers. Customers order online and schedule a pickup at stores.
The news about Quidsi was reported earlier by Bloomberg.
(Reporting by Jeffrey Dastin in San Francisco; Editing by Jeffrey Benkoe and Leslie Adler)
SINGAPORE, April 20 (IFR) - A Rs7.9bn (US$122m) block trade has been launched in India's Max Financial Services at a floor price of Rs607.
The transaction comprises a base deal of 10m shares with an upsize option of 3m shares.
The vendors are Xenok and GS Mace Holdings and there is a 90-day lock up.
The floor price represents a 6.75% discount to the pre-deal close of Rs650.95.
Citigroup is the sole bookrunner. (Reporting by Anuradha Subramanyan)
(Adds company news items, futures) April 10 Britain's FTSE 100 index is seen opening up 8 points at 7,357 on Monday, according to financial bookmakers, with futures up 0.1 percent ahead of the cash market open. * ANGLO AMERICAN: Miner Anglo American said on Monday it would sell its Eskom-tied domestic thermal coal operations in South Africa to a unit of Seriti Resources Holdings for 2.3 billion rand ($166.43 million). * BARCLAYS: British regulators are investigating Jes Staley, the chief executive of Barclays , and the bank itself over a whistleblowing incident, the bank said on Monday. * RIO TINTO: Mining giant Rio Tinto Ltd , said on Sunday it paid $4 billion in taxes and royalties globally in 2016, a 12 percent drop on 2015 that primarily reflected lower earnings. * CAPITAL & COUNTIES: British property developer Capital & Counties said on Friday it has sold its exhibition business for 296 million pounds ($367 mln) to a group of institutional investors. * SKY PLC: The European Commission cleared Rupert Murdoch to take over pay-TV group Sky on Friday, leaving a British investigation into the impact on the country's media landscape as the only remaining hurdle for the $14.5 billion deal. * EXPERIAN: Credit bureau Experian Plc has joined forces with technology firm BioCatch to use behavioral biometrics to help its clients spot fraudsters applying for credit cards and other lending products online, the companies said on Friday. * GREEN INVESTMENT BANK: Australian investment bank Macquarie looked set to acquire Britain's Green Investment Bank (GIB) after a court rejected the claim of a rival bidder on Friday. * BRITAIN EMISSION: Britain's automotive industry body defended diesel cars on Monday, as the government prepares to announce proposals for improving air quality which could follow London in making it more expensive to use the most polluting vehicles. * EUROPEAN INSURERS: Brexit and political uncertainty in Europe are likely to depress merger activity among European insurers this year, after a steep decline in deals in 2016, ratings agency AM Best said on Monday. * The UK blue chip index was up 0.6 percent at 7,349.37 points at its close on Friday as oil stocks extended gains, bucking a broader risk-off move across markets after a U.S. cruise missile strike in Syria. * For more on the factors affecting European stocks, please click on: cpurl://apps.cp./cms/?pageId=livemarkets TODAY'S UK PAPERS > Financial Times > Other business headlines Multimedia versions of Reuters Top News are now available for: * 3000 Xtra : visit topnews.session.rservices.com * For Top News : topnews.reuters.com (Reporting by Rahul B in Bengaluru; Editing by Amrutha Gayathri and Sunil Nair)
(Adds background on PREPA debt talks)
By Nick Brown
NEW YORK, March 29 Creditors of Puerto Rico's struggling power authority, PREPA, have presented the island's government with a counter-offer to restructure the utility's $8.9 billion of debt, two people familiar with discussions said on Wednesday.
The U.S. territory's government received the offer during meetings with creditors this week, and was planning to review it ahead of a Friday deadline to finalize a restructuring deal at the utility, said the people, who requested anonymity because the talks are private.
While details of the offer remain confidential, the revelation that the parties involved are working on a deal is significant, given recent caustic rhetoric from creditors frustrated with Governor Ricardo Rossello's demands for added concessions.
A spokeswoman for Rossello had no immediate comment.
A pending debt restructuring at PREPA has been in place since December 2015. Under that plan, creditors would accept 15 percent reductions in repayment in exchange for higher-rated bonds backed by a charge on customer bills.
When Rossello took office in January, many expected him to rubber-stamp the deal. He had campaigned last year on compromising with creditors and trying to minimize cuts to repayment.
Instead, he called for reopening talks to obtain more concessions from creditors, unveiling a proposal this month that would alter the agreement, including by removing the requirement for the new bonds to earn investment-grade ratings.
His approach has concerned investors who view PREPA as a bellwether for his approach to restructuring $70 billion in public debt that is pushing Puerto Rico's economy toward collapse.
After a hearing last week in Washington of the U.S. House Subcommittee on Indian, Insular and Alaska Native Affairs, a consensual deal at PREPA seemed in jeopardy.
"Creditors were visibly frustrated," KBW Inc analyst Chas Tyson said in a client note at the time.
Expiration of the pending deal, without a new deal in place, could open PREPA to lawsuits from creditors, and cast doubt on its ability to afford supply contracts and a $455 million debt payment due on July 1.
At the subcommittee hearing last week, Rossello said the added invoice charge could hurt consumers.
The federally appointed board tasked with managing Puerto Rico's finances has said it supports tweaking the PREPA deal, which was reached before last year's passage of the Puerto Rico rescue law known as PROMESA.
That law gives the island more negotiating leverage in talks with creditors, by allowing it to push struggling agencies like PREPA into bankruptcy if consensual deals cannot be reached. (Reporting by Nick Brown; Editing by Richard Chang)
1:07 Highlights: Atascadero girls soccer beats Dos Pueblos 3-1 in wild card playoff game Pause
1:35 Crews working to patch a leaky levee at Tyler Island
5:11 Advocates of the Chumash Heritage National Marine Sanctuary explain why they support it
1:36 2016's worst red-light runners
0:46 Dozens rally at Tacoma's Northwest Detention Center after Seattle arrest
0:41 A year ago, Lake Nacimiento was almost dry. Here's what it looks like now after the rain.
1:08 Damaged Oroville Dam spillway undergoes more water releases
6:35 Video shown at SLO Chamber of Commerce dinner draws allegations of sexism
1:53 Salud Carbajal talks about his priorities in Congress
March 31 TRC Companies Inc:
* TRC enters into definitive agreement with new mountain capital to become a private company
* TRC Companies Inc - TRC stockholders to receive $17.55 per share of common stock in cash
* TRC Companies Inc - merger agreement and transaction has been unanimously approved by TRC'S board of directors
* TRC Companies Inc - new mountain plans to operate trc as a standalone business operation with current management team remaining in place
* TRC Companies - entered definitive merger agreement with affiliates of New Mountain Partners IV L.P. Under which new mountain to buy TRC in all cash deal Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
In this week's Lower Case…
via list25
Have a headline you want to share? Snap a photo and email it to editors@cjr.org or tweet it to us @CJR.
Want to see more regrettable headlines? Check out the Lower Case archives.
ICYMI: The New York Times reporter who tweets like it's going out of style
Sign up for CJR 's daily email
Has America ever needed a media watchdog more than now? Help us by joining CJR today
The Editors are the staffers of Columbia Journalism Review.
Komodo Island Tour Package is a low price package and is one of the world's tourist destinations located in labuan .
Index Markets Research offers a detailed research on Global Carnation Market with the future prospects of the market to provide the current state and emerging trends in the market. The report covers methodical outlook by considering aspects such as market growth, market demands, business strategies, consumption volume, market trends and industry cost structure during the forecast period 2018-2025. New vendors in the market are facing tough competition from established international vendors as they struggle with technological innovations, reliability and quality issues. The Prominent Manufacturers included Walmart, taobao, carrefour, JD.COM, amazon, Taiwan Floriculture Exports Association, Taiwan Floriculture Exports Association, YMS Co., Ltd, Korea Agricultural Cooperative Trading Co.,Ltd, Yunnan Shining Flora Co., Ltd, BLD.
The Carnation Market report includes a brief on these trends that can help the businesses operating in the industry to understand the market and strategize for their business expansion accordingly. The research report analyzes the market size, industry share, growth, key segments, CAGR and key drivers. In this part, the report presents the company profile, product specifications, capacity, production value, and 2013-2018 market shares for each company. Through the statistical analysis, the report depicts the global total market of Carnation industry including capacity, production, production value, cost/profit, supply/demand and import/export. The total market is further divided by company, by country, and by application/type for the competitive landscape analysis.
Request for Sample Report @ https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-carnation-market/10154/#requestforsample
The Carnation Market report gives a description of the competitive nature of the market, market shares, and its growth rates based on 5-year history data along with company profile of key players/manufacturers. The Porter's Five Forces model and the SWOT analysis are also a fraction of this study so as to assist businessmen in recognizing the spirited background of the market. This is The market report integrates a study of the investment charisma of the market, and the end consumers have been standardized based on their general attractiveness, rate of development, and size of the market.It provides overview with growth analysis and historical & futuristic cost, revenue, volume delivered (in kilo tons) and the income it produces (in US$), demand and supply data (as applicable). The research analysts provide an elaborate description of the value chain and its distributor analysis.
Geographically, this report is portioned into a few key Regions, with generation, utilization, income (million USD), piece of the pie and development rate in these areas, from 2018 to 2025 (gauge), covering United States, China, Europe, Japan, Southeast Asia, India and Rest of World.
Carnation Market Products Type Segmentation : Standard Carnation, Miniature Carnation.
Carnation Market Applications Segmentation : Domestic Field, Business Field.
Key Highlights of the Carnation Market :
1) A Clear understanding of the market supported growth, constraints, opportunities, practicableness study.
2) Analyze the opportunities in the market for stakeholders by identifying the high growth segments.
3) It depicts parameters such as production value, capacity in a statistical format that is accurately fathomed by the readers.
4) Strategically analyze each submarket with respect to individual growth trend and their contribution to the market.
5) Strategically profile the key players and comprehensively analyze their growth strategies.
Inquiry for Buying Report @ https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-carnation-market/10154/#inquiry
In the conclusion, The Carnation market downstream consumer analysis, upstream raw materials, different types of equipment are concealed in the report. Research findings, conclusions, industry feasibility analysis, vendors and traders involved, appendix data and figures in the form of tables, graphs, and pie-charts.
About Us
Index Markets Research conduct market research and publish reports. You can find more than 35,000 research reports in our web store, which covers global industry and the regional markets. All the worldwide marketing data you need is at your fingertips.
Contact Us
Mark Irwin
Sales Manager
Email Id: sales@indexmarketsresearch.com
Phone: +1 202 888 3519
Web: https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/
May 3 Torstar Corp:
* Torstar Corporation reports first quarter results
* Q1 adjusted loss per share c$0.22
* Q1 loss per share c$0.30
* Segmented revenue was $156.7 million in q1 of 2017, down $18.1 million from $174.8 million in q1 of 2016
* Total segmented restructuring and other charges were $4.9 million in q1 of 2017
* Net savings related to restructuring initiatives undertaken through end of q1 of 2017 are expected to be $13.0 million in balance of 2017
* Restructuring charges in q1 included a charge of $22.4 million for severance, facility related to decision to outsource printing of Toronto Star
* Expect that any impact of price increases for newsprint will continue to be more than offset by lower consumption in balance of year
* Currently expect that flyer distribution revenues will decline modestly in balance of year
* Subscriber revenues declined moderately in q1 of 2017 and this trend is expected to continue in balance of year.
* Cost reduction will remain an important area of focus for us in balance of 2017
* Net savings related to restructuring initiatives undertaken through end of q1 of 2017 are expected to be $13.0 million in balance of 2017 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
UPDATE 2-Trump nominates Democrat Rosenworcel to serve again as FCC commissioner
WASHINGTON, June 14 The U.S. Senate will again consider Jessica Rosenworcel, a Democrat, to be a commissioner of the Federal Communications Commission after Republican President Donald Trump nominated her late on Tuesday.
April 28 Element Lifestyle Retirement Inc :
* Element Lifestyle Retirement - entered into agreement to acquire a 1.96 acres commercial property located along Harbourside of Victoria at Bayview Place
* Element Lifestyle Retirement - purchase price for lands of $6.7 million will be paid in cash, expected to be funded by combination of equity/debt financing Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
March 30 Baofeng Group Co Ltd :
* Sees to swing to net loss at 14.5 million yuan to 19.5 million yuan in FY 2017 Q1 versus net profit at 3.4 million yuan in FY 2016 Q1
* Says increased revenue as main reason for the forecast
Source text in Chinese: goo.gl/51kl91
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
The drama. The loyalty. The speculation about who stays and who goes. The Trump administration has it all. And so did Donald Trump's run on The Apprentice.
The personality that made the show a hit is also what propelled Trump to the presidency. But as with his administration, Trump also stirred controversy on the set. A former producer tells the NPR podcast Embedded that at times Trump used "really unfathomably despicable words" while the cameras were rolling — remarks that have never been made public.
Of course, people weren't watching then for insight into how the show's star would eventually approach the presidency or what effect it would have on his public political image. But in retrospect, there are a handful of lessons that say something about the man now in the Oval Office.
1. Questionable language
In October 2016, just before the election, an Access Hollywood tape emerged of Trump using crude language about women, saying, "[W]hen you're a star, they let you do it. You can do anything." When that story broke, former Apprentice producer Bill Pruitt tweeted that there were "far worse" tapes from Trump's time on that show.
Pruitt says he does not have the tapes and has signed a nondisclosure agreement, but he tells NPR that the comments he was referring to were racist in nature and included remarks about African-Americans and Jews. Pruitt says Trump's language was not a reflection of the culture of the crew — that at times there would be an "audible gasp" from those who heard the comments.
A White House spokesperson called Pruitt's story "the same recycled and false attacks from over a year ago."
There have been multiple accusations of Trump publicly using inappropriate or offensive language. He started his campaign by referring to immigrants as "rapists." This summer after the racist violence in Charlottesville, Va., Trump was widely criticized for not immediately denouncing white supremacists and instead spreading blame to people who were counterprotesting the neo-Nazis and KKK members. Those comments follow a history of ambiguity on white nationalism, as NPR's Danielle Kurtzleben has reported.
2. A businessman with baggage
The first time Trump appears in the pilot episode of The Apprentice, he's seated in the back of a black limousine, introducing himself directly to the camera.
"My name's Donald Trump," he begins, "and I'm the largest real estate developer in New York." He lists off his holdings: buildings, casinos, golf courses, model agencies and much more.
Then he briefly hints at his past financial challenges.
"But it wasn't always so easy. About 13 years ago I was seriously in trouble," he says, in reference to four bankruptcies involving his properties in Atlantic City and New York in 1991 and 1992.
"I was billions of dollars in debt," he continues. "But I fought back and I won, big league. I used my brain. I used my negotiating skills. And I worked it all out. Now my company's bigger than it ever was — stronger than it ever was."
In all 14 episodes of The Apprentice's debut season, these 20 seconds are the only substantive acknowledgement of the rocky financial history some of Trump's businesses had faced. From then on, the show consistently paints Trump as a triumphant underdog, with his troubles squarely behind him.
"Donald Trump is an icon," contestant Kwame Jackson told the producers in the season finale. "He's someone who, when people said, 'You couldn't do it,' always got it done." That's a sentiment also echoed by Trump supporters during the campaign.
Multiple episodes were set at Trump's Taj Mahal casino, which he described on the show as "the No. 1 hotel in Atlantic City." Flattering shots of the exterior and interior portray the resort as thriving.
In fact, the Taj Mahal, along with other Trump casinos, would file for bankruptcy in late 2004, just months after The Apprentice debuted.
Still, Trump's business savvy was part of his pitch during the campaign, and many who voted for him looked forward to having an outsider perspective on the inside. Despite his bankruptcies, Trump largely maintained his image of success.
3. Ever the salesman
Every episode of the show centered around a task — a business-related contest between two teams. Who can make the most money selling lemonade on Wall Street? Managing the Times Square Planet Hollywood for a day? Fixing up and renting out an old apartment? The winning team, besides steering clear of a scolding from Trump inside his dimly lit boardroom, would receive a reward.
Sometimes these rewards were simply a chance to visit classic New York landmarks: a private tour of Yankee stadium or a boat trip around the Hudson Bay. But more often than not, the rewards also showcased and elevated Trump's wealth and business acumen.
There was the walk-through of the extravagant penthouse in Trump Tower where Trump and his then-girlfriend Melania, now wife and first lady, lived; the picnic at Trump's estate in Bedford, N.Y. ("where the richest people live," Trump narrates); the driving range at Trump National Golf Club in Briarcliff Manor, N.Y. ("the best golf course in New York state"); the overnight stay at Trump's Taj Mahal casino ("you're staying in the most beautiful suite you've ever seen"); the jaunt to Trump's Mar-a-Lago resort ("the No. 1 club anywhere as far as I'm concerned").
In Episode 9, one contestant's savvy business move earns him a reward of 10 minutes with Donald Trump. "You know, a lot of people would like that opportunity," Trump tells a visibly appreciative Nick Warnock.
Trump's financial ties have followed him to Washington, with watchdogs arguing for further separation from his businesses. Trump and his lawyers argue they have done enough by setting up a trust, rather than fully divesting as past presidents have done.
Even amid criticism of being too close to his businesses while in office, Trump has spent many weekends at his Mar-a-Lago resort in Palm Beach, Fla., and his golf club in Bedminster, N.J. His hotel in Washington, D.C., has raised concern about whether world leaders would spend money there to curry favor with the president. And Trump hasn't shied away from talking about his properties. Even during controversial remarks about Charlottesville, Trump took to the opportunity to mention his winery in the area.
4. Loyalty is paramount
It didn't take the president's unearthed conversations with former FBI Director James Comey to remind the public of how highly President Trump values loyalty. But the clues were also there in 2004, particularly during the firing of one contestant named Tammy Lee.
In the seventh episode, as Trump dissects the losing team's failure as they sit before him, Lee breaks with the rest of her team to bluntly blame the team leader for having done a poor job of negotiating. Trump questions the rest of the team about Lee's dissension, asking, "Was she honest or disloyal?"
The team and Trump agree Lee had not shown enough loyalty.
"Your disloyalty has been just terrible. ... I mean it is so obnoxious in this particular case," Trump tells Lee as the music swells, signaling he would soon deliver his signature sentence: "Tammy ... you're fired."
Comey has testified that the president asked for his "loyalty" and for him to end the FBI's investigation into former national security adviser Michael Flynn. Trump denies ever asking for a loyalty pledge, but it has been clear that Trump does expect loyalty from his team — even if he does not always reciprocate.
5. Trump can stoke a fight, even between others
From the start, Trump was one of the executive producers of The Apprentice (even into his presidency). And, like any good reality television producer, he appeared to have a gift for identifying and, in some cases, amplifying squabbles between contestants.
Take a tense scene in the boardroom in Episode 6. Trump is interrogating the losing team, leading to the typical chain of recriminations. Controversial contestant Omarosa Manigault (now an aide to the president) begins by complimenting her teammate, Heidi Bressler, before also adding that when she first met Bressler, she didn't think she had much class.
"Do you think Omarosa has class?" Trump asks Bressler, looking for a response to her teammate's backhanded compliment. He adds, "If somebody said that about me, I wouldn't like her. I don't care what they do."
Trump then turns to another contestant, Jessie Connor: "Do you like Omarosa, the way she just talks to you? I mean do you like her?" Connor refuses to take the bait, instead trying to keep the peace by saying she does in fact like her teammate.
But Trump isn't finished sussing out the conflict.
"How can you like her, the way she's talking to you? You know she's got a very sharp edge," he says about Manigault. And on it goes.
The president has had his share of direct Twitter wars since taking office, but he also has a history of publicly stoking feuds between others.
During the campaign, Trump created divides to his advantage. He tried to create a chasm between Sens. Ted Cruz of Texas on one side and Marco Rubio of Florida and now-Housing and Urban Development Secretary Ben Carson. In October 2016, he reminded supporters of Sen. Bernie Sanders, I-Vt., how Hillary Clinton had wronged them, saying, "To the Bernie Sanders people, you got sold out." In September, following a wave of kneeling protests by professional sports players, the president sought to remind the public of what he perceived to be a newly forming divide between the NFL's athletes and its fans.
6. On ratings and popularity
Trump has never struggled with being known, which made the first season of The Apprentice a huge success. Instead, his challenge has been to be seen as "favorable."
The show's first season in 2004 was a game-changer for a network in trouble. NBC, which was just about to lose its blockbuster hit Friends, saw over 20 million viewers settle in each week to watch Trump preside over the fates of 16 young entrepreneurs vying for a job with his company, The Trump Organization.
Attracting 28 million viewers, the April 2004 season finale was the most popular show on television that week. According to opinion polls conducted by Gallup, when Trump flirted with a presidential run under the Reform Party ticket in 1999, the percentage of respondents who saw him as "favorable" declined precipitously: from 41 to 33 percent in less than a month. But in 2005, one year after The Apprentice debuted, Trump clocked in at 50 percent.
Trump had never before — and he would never again so far — eclipse the 50 percent mark in Gallup's polls. As of Oct. 5, nearly nine months into his presidency, Trump is at 39 percent. However, what has been a historically low approval rating for a first-term president recently stabilized.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
BRIEF-NARI Technology says dividend payment date on June 22
* Says it will pay cash dividend of 0.3 yuan per share (before tax) for FY 2016 to shareholders of record on June 21
Mattel plays with digital toys to triple China business
June 14 Mattel Inc expects to grow three to four times in the more than $31 billion toys and games market in China by 2020 through digitally connected toys, as it intensifies its efforts to take on LEGO Group and Hasbro Inc in the country.
LONDON (Reuters) - BAE Systems(BAES.L) and Qatar have entered into a contract valued at around 5 billion pounds for the country to buy 24 Typhoon combat aircraft, the British defence group said on Sunday.
RAF Typhoons fly above RAF Lossiemouth in Scotland, December 2, 2015. REUTERS/Russell Cheyne
The company said delivery was expected in late 2022 and that the contract was subject “to financing conditions and receipt by the company of first payment, which are expected to be fulfilled no later than mid-2018”.
At a ceremony in Doha British Defence Minister Gavin Williamson and Qatari Minister of State for Defence Affairs Khalid bin Mohammed al Attiyah, oversaw the signing of a deal which the British minister called a “massive vote of confidence, supporting thousands of British jobs and injecting billions into our economy”.
“We are delighted to begin a new chapter in the development of a long-term relationship with the State of Qatar and the Qatar Armed Forces, and we look forward to working alongside our customer as they continue to develop their military capability,” Charles Woodburn, BAE's chief executive, said in a statement.
In September Qatar's defence minister was reported to have signed a letter of intent to buy the 24 Typhoon jets from BAE in a move that could anger other Gulf countries boycotting Doha.
FRANKFURT (Reuters) - German trade fair operator Messe Muenchen said it was committed to its operations in Turkey despite having been on a Turkish blacklist of German companies suspected of backing terrorism.
"We do not question our engagement there," Klaus Dittrich, chairman and chief executive of Messe Muenchen, told German newspaper Welt am Sonntag. "We are not expanding there for the time being but we are not pulling out."
Turkey was reported last month to have given Berlin a list of almost 700 German firms it was targeting for suspected links to last year's coup attempt. Turkey denied it had given Germany such a list.
Three weeks ago, Germany said Turkey had formally withdrawn the blacklist, blaming it on a "communications problem".
Dittrich said Messe Muenchen had "evidently" been on this list.
Messe Muenchen currently holds two events in Istanbul: transportation and logistics fair Logitrans and environmental technology fair IFAT Eurasia.
Hong Kong stocks end at 3-week low as rates rise
June 15 Hong Kong stocks fell to a three-week low on Thursday, led by the property sector, as borrowing costs in the city looked set to rise after a U.S. interest rate hike.
STOCKHOLM May 3 Nordic telecoms firm Telia said on Wednesday it was aiming to sell part of its stake in Turkey's Turkcell to institutional investors as part of its strategy to focus on its Nordic and Baltic operations.
Telia, which has a 38 percent stake in Turkcell, said it was offering around 150 million shares - roughly 6.8 percent of the Turkish firm's share capital.
It plans to sell the shares via an accelerated bookbuilding process, through which a company can sell shares in a short period of time to institutional investors.
If all the shares are sold, Telia's direct stake in Turkcell will be reduced to 7.2 percent from 14 percent, it said, adding it had no intention of selling shares that represent its indirect interest in Turkcell.
Telia said in 2015 it would gradually abandon its central Asian markets, hit by years of investigations into alleged corruption and problems accessing cash in distant countries.
It said last month it had sold its Tajik operations to the Aga Khan Fund for Economic Development.
Telia said BofA Merrill Lynch, Citi and UBS were acting as joint bookrunners for the offering, adding it expected the transaction to settle on May 8. (Reporting by Helena Soderpalm; Editing by Mark Potter)
BRIEF-Service & Quality Technology to set up unit in Hong Kong via subsidiary
* Says it plans to invest HK$7 million in its Hong Kong-based subsidiary to help to set up a new sub-subsidiary in Hong Kong
SEOUL, March 30 Samsung BioLogics Co Ltd said on Thursday its bookkeeping would pass any scrutiny although it has not received official notice from South Korea's financial regulator concerning a special audit.
The Financial Supervisory Service (FSS) had decided to conduct a special audit review on Samsung BioLogics' pre-listing bookkeeping, Yonhap news agency reported earlier, citing an unnamed FSS source.
An FSS official declined comment but confirmed that a regulatory committee was briefed on Wednesday about allegations from an activist group and others concerning issues in Samsung BioLogics' accounting.
Samsung BioLogics shares were down 4.4 percent as of 0528 GMT. (Reporting by Joyce Lee; Editing by Stephen Coates)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
ADEN At least four suspected al Qaeda members were killed in an apparent U.S. drone strike on a vehicle in central Yemen, residents said on Wednesday, part of an escalating campaign against the Islamist militant group.
They said the attack in Amqoz in the Moudiya district of Abyan province took place around midnight on Tuesday. Their vehicle was completely burned and the four bodies inside badly charred, they added.
Residents also reported hearing missile strikes on a suspected al Qaeda outpost in Wadi al-Naseel area, also in Abyan province, but said the number of casualties was unknown.
Abyan is one of several provinces in central and southern Yemen where Al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula (AQAP) and its local affiliate Ansar al-Sahria operate.
The United States has repeatedly attacked AQAP, the Yemeni arm of the militant group, in strikes this month from aircraft and unmanned drones in what U.S officials says is a campaign to degrade the group's ability to coordinate militant attacks abroad.
AQAP has exploited nearly two years of civil war in Yemen to recruit followers and cement its dominance in central and southern parts of the Arab country.
The Pentagon said this month that a March 2 strike against AQAP killed Yasir al Silmi, also know as Mohammed Tahar, a former detainee from the U.S. detention centre at Guantanamo Bay, Cuba.
(Reporting Mohammed Mukkashaf; Writing by Sami Aboudi; Editing by Tom Heneghan)
"How do you handle all the female adulation that you get"????????@merainna
A post shared by @vsadhana on Dec 10, 2017 at 3:33am PST
Look at him blushing his cheeks have gone red ????????????????????????at mention of Mouni's name Reposting because I want to ????????????
A post shared by @vsadhana on Dec 10, 2017 at 3:35am PST
A post shared by @vsadhana on
Few days ago it was being rumoured that Mouni and Mohit had broken up, but they posted pictures together that quashed all the rumours.
Check out the pictures of the two love-birds together.
here is alot of stuff for all #MoHitMouni fans ... finally we got them 2 together ... its so nice to c u both together #Love #HappyDiwali to both of u @merainna @imouniroy love u lodsssssssss #BestgifteverforFans #thanksaton
A post shared by Mohit Raina (@merainna_fc) on Oct 21, 2017 at 9:47am PDT
A post shared by Mohit Raina (@merainna_fc) on
New Delhi: The latest video of Mohit Raina confronting questions about Mouni Roy is breaking the internet.The Devon ke Dev Mahadev actor who made an incredible fanbase in the India with his mythological appearance, has been dating his co-star from the same, Mouni roy.With his intense looks and grave mannerisms, the actor made millions of fangirls drool over him. But his co-star Mouni Roy made him drool. Mohit doesn't generally open up about his love-life. However at the launch of a health magazine, the cover page of which features him, Mohit found him trapped among the reporters.Avoiding questions on love-life he attempted to stick to talking about health, fitness and work, but failed. The reporters, one after another, shot questions about his rumoured girlfriend Mouni Roy. At first he tried to avoid but then he couldn't stop blushing. Check this video shared by a fanpage on instagram where Raina is all blushing and smiling.
A former intelligence officer whose computer was hacked has accepted substantial undisclosed damages from News Group Newspapers.
Ian Hurst brought proceedings at London's High Court against NGN, publisher of the defunct News of the World, and News UK & Ireland Ltd for breach of confidence and misuse of private information.
Mr Hurst served in the Intelligence Corps and the Force Research Unit in Northern Ireland between 1980 and 1991.
His primary role was to recruit and run agents within republican terrorist groups in order to obtain tactical and strategic intelligence.
Mr Hurst's counsel, Jeremy Reed, told Mr Justice Mann on Friday that NGN now accepted that Mr Hurst's privacy had been invaded.
He said that it accepted vicarious liability for the circumstances which ultimately led to the wrongful acts of Philip Campbell Smith, who was known to some for his expertise in computer hacking and email interception.
He added that NGN recognised it would be impossible to determine the full extent of the wrongdoing directed at Mr Hurst and his family, but it acknowledged that, at the very least, his emails were intercepted routinely and intensively over a period of several months during 2006.
It had agreed to pay him substantial damages and his legal costs.
Anthony Hudson QC, for NGN, said it offered its “sincerest and unreserved” apologies.
“News Group Newspapers accepts that such activity happened, accepts that it should never have happened, and has undertaken to the court that it will never happen again.
“Indeed, News Group Newspapers took steps several years ago to ensure that nothing like this could happen again.”
Mr Reed said the reason why Mr Hurst was initially targeted is likely to have been because a then, but now former, employee of News Group Newspapers Limited wished to locate the whereabouts of Freddie Scapaticci, the former head of the IRA Security Division.
Mr Hurst had named Mr Scapaticci in a book he co-authored as being an agent of the British government with the codename “Stakeknife”.
He added that Mr Hurst regularly engaged in sensitive and confidential and in some cases, privileged, correspondence by email with a variety of people.
These included his solicitors at the time, members of the Irish republican movement, people within the security services, members of the Police Service of Northern Ireland, and former members of the Armed Forces who had infiltrated the IRA - including individuals in the police witness protection programme, resulting from their inclusion near the top of the Real IRA's hitlist.
Mr Hurst was entirely unaware of Mr Smith's activities until 2011 when he was contacted by BBC Panorama. An investigation was then launched by the Metropolitan Police.
Mr Reed said: “After the initial shock of being informed that he was a victim of computer hacking and email interception, Mr Hurst became increasingly shocked and appalled as he began to discover the extent of the unlawful activity against him.
“He was horrified to see copies of actual emails which had been intercepted and genuinely feared for the safety of many of the people with whom he had been in contact.
“Mr Hurst was and remains embarrassed that someone was able to access his computers in this manner and that the trust which others have placed in him has been jeopardised and degraded as a result.
“Mr Hurst is also furious that his personal correspondence and private family information has been invaded in this way. He feels completely violated and humiliated.
“Likewise, his wife and daughter were most distressed to learn the facts of this matter. They are both particularly upset that their privacy has been invaded in this manner.
* Sberbank became the largest Russian company this month
* Bank posted record profits despite economic crisis
* Sberbank part owned by central bank, close ties to Kremlin
* Other banks complain it is stifling competition
By Alexander Winning
MOSCOW, March 28 Russian banking giant Sberbank has become so powerful that when it cuts interest rates on loans, other banks feel forced to follow. Now it wants to extend its reach into other areas of the economy.
This month the former Soviet savings bank, which is still half-owned by the central bank and is headed by an ally of President Vladimir Putin, overtook oil company Rosneft to become the biggest company in Russia by market value.
With over a third of Russia's banking deposits, Sberbank has a market grip unseen in most Western economies.
It has thrived despite an economic crisis and Western sanctions on Russia, winning market share from domestic rivals and making a record $9.5 billion profit in 2016.
Sberbank now wants to use its huge reach to sell customers across Russia's 11 time zones everyday services such as education and healthcare, earning fees even if it will not be the one providing those services.
It also wants to expand its investment products and will be one of only two banks authorised to sell government bonds to the general public from next month.
This will deepen its influence over major sectors of the economy, and the bank hopes it will help reduce its reliance on interest income.
"We have to invent a way to increase our fees and commissions," the bank's Chief Financial Officer Alexander Morozov told Reuters. "We have to think about the future low interest rate environment."
Sberbank has not given detailed information on which non-banking services it will offer as the plans for its "financial ecosystem" are in their infancy.
Domestic projects have become more of a priority for Sberbank since its ambitions for international expansion were thwarted by Western sanctions, which made some clients wary of dealing with the bank for compliance reasons.
Sberbank also aims to strengthen its financial position by closing more branches – it shut around 1,300 last year – and move more customers online. Chief Executive German Gref has said by 2025 it could have only half its current 330,000 staff.
The bank wants to achieve return on equity (ROE) – a measure of profitability closely watched by investors – of between 16 and 19 percent this year, having hit almost 21 percent in 2016. Not one of the 50 largest banks in Europe's STOXX index achieved ROE of over 20 percent last year.
BANKING OLIGOPOLY
Sberbank has hoovered up clients as hundreds of smaller banks have been shut down as part of a crackdown on financial crime by the central bank.
Bankers at some of Russia's other 560 banks say it has accumulated such a large market share it is hard to compete.
"Russia's banking sector is an oligopoly," a senior executive at a large private Russian bank said, asking for anonymity to speak freely. "Sberbank cuts interest rates and we all have to follow."
On Dec. 1 last year, for example, Sberbank reduced its rates on some mortgages by 0.5 percentage points. Rival VTB also lowered interest rates on some mortgages by 0.5 percentage points five days later and on Dec. 7 Raiffeisenbank, the Russian unit of Austria's RBI, also cut mortgage rates.
Sberbank's Morozov acknowledged the competition.
"In mortgages the most aggressive competitors always match any of our moves, some of them continuously keep their offering lower," he said.
Sberbank's dominant position does not appear to be causing any concern among Russian policymakers, some of whom see it as an important sign of economic and banking system strength.
The bank's management has close ties to Putin. Gref was Russia's economy minister from 2000 to 2007, during Putin's first two terms as president, before taking over at Sberbank.
He oversaw a plan to reform the economy after a period of crisis in the 1990s. While he is not in Putin's inner circle he has a reputation as an effective manager and is close to the governor of the central bank, Elvira Nabiullina.
Analysts say having Gref and Nabiullina in charge of Sberbank and the central bank helps Putin guarantee economic stability.
"In order to have the foundations for economic growth and a stable currency you have to have a well-functioning savings bank and an effective central bank," said Tom Adshead, head of research at Moscow-based Macro Advisory.
"Putin understands this. He trusts Gref and Nabiullina and has them at the centre of his economic plans."
Nabiullina said last year that the confidence in Sberbank among Russia's depositors was due to it being a state-controlled institution.
Asked about the bank's dominance in the Russian economy, Nabiullina said the regulator monitored competition but that it took time for the long-standing structure of the banking sector to change.
"Our task is to create conditions, most of all in regulation, so that there are equal conditions for competition," Nabiullina told a news conference on Friday.
"One can't say we have monopolistic effects."
(Editing by Rachel Armstrong and Anna Willard)
April 3 Xtreme Drilling Corp -
* Announces additional strategic initiatives to deliver value to shareholders and increase competitiveness in us resource plays
* Intention to explore strategic options with respect to eight shallower capacity AC electric XDR 200 and 300 drilling rigs
* By end of 2017 xtreme will have 13 rigs that fit this category, ten XDR 500 and three 850XE rigs
* Commencement of substantial issuer bid to purchase Xtreme common shares
* Intends to undertake substantial issuer bid to purchase up to aggregate of $25 million in xtreme shares through a Dutch auction tender process
* Board of directors has appointed an independent committee of directors to set price and details around proposed issuer bid
* Company will continue to operate existing three rigs XDR 200 operation in Canada while strategic options are evaluated
* Xtreme Drilling Corp - "Company is reviewing international opportunities to deploy rigs alongside potential for an outright sale"
* Xtreme anticipates an additional rig to be contracted in q2 for a q4 2017 delivery Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
April 28 Skotan SA:
* Said on Thursday that its shareholders to vote on May 24 on capital increase via issue of up to 5.4 million series D shares of nominal value 1.22 zloty ($0.32) each
* Series D shares to be issue via private subscription
* Series D shares and rights for series D will be issue with pre-emptive rights
* Its shareholders to vote also on issue of 54,000 series A bonds at issue price 122.0 zloty each
* The bonds will bear interest at 6 pct per annum
* Series A bonds will be issued without pre-emptive rights
Source text for Eikon:
Further company coverage: ($1 = 3.8696 zlotys) (Gdynia Newsroom)
March 29 Organigram Holdings Inc:
* Organigram announces production license renewal
* Organigram Holdings Inc - Organigram's expansion project remains on target for completion in calendar Q4 2017
* Organigram Holdings Inc - Organigram's expansion project remains on target for completion in calendar Q4 2017
* Organigram Holdings Inc - project will add 110,000 square feet to production facility in Moncton, New Brunswick
* Organigram Holdings - Co's unit received renewal of license to produce, sell dried marijuana, cannabis oil
* Organigram Holdings Inc - upon completion of this phase, company will have capacity to produce up to 16,000 kgs of cannabis
* Renewal of license for co's unit pursuant to access to cannabis for medical purposes regulations Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
A protester wearing a Europen Union flag themed beret takes part in an anti-Brexit demonstration after Britain's Prime Minister Theresa May triggered the process by which the United Kingdom will leave the Euopean Union, in Birmingham, Britain March 29, 2017. REUTERS/Darren Staples
EU Brexit negotiator Michel Barnier attends a debate on Brexit priorities and the upcomming talks on the UK's withdrawal from the EU at the European Parliament in Strasbourg, France, April 5, 2017. REUTERS/Vincent Kessler
STRASBOURG Britain must stop pressing for immediate parallel talks with the European Union on a post-Brexit free trade deal, EU chief negotiator Michel Barnier said on Wednesday, and first agree on withdrawal terms.
Barnier said Prime Minister Theresa May's letter a week ago to trigger the two-year exit process was clearly a call for two parallel negotiations, one on how Britain quits the bloc and another on its future trade relationship with the EU.
"This is a very risky approach," he said in a speech to the European Parliament. "To succeed, we need on the contrary to devote the first phase of negotiations exclusively to reaching an agreement on the principles of the exit."
Those must include providing legal certainty for people and businesses affected by Britain's departure in March 2019, he said. There must also be a border arrangement that assures the fragile peace in Northern Ireland is not upset.
Only after progress on those issues would negotiators start "scoping" a future pact on trade, security and defence, he said.
Barnier said the phased approach, outlined by European Council President Donald Tusk on Friday, was not intended to give the other 27 EU states a tactical advantage over London but to build trust and improve the chances of a deal in 2019.
In a veiled warning to Britain not to try to divide the bloc during the talks, he said: "Unity is essential ... also for our British partners. At the end of the day, if the (European) Union is disunited, there simply will not be an agreement.
"And if there is no agreement, the consequences will be heavy, for the United Kingdom especially, but also for the Union. That is why the no-deal scenario is not our scenario."
May has warned that Britain would rather that talks collapsed, leaving the country to exit the EU in 2019 without special agreements, rather than accept a bad deal.
WAR TALK
The parliament in Strasbourg debated a resolution due to be approved later on Wednesday outlining its demands for a Brexit agreement, which it will have to ratify.
Several members criticised comments by British politicians in recent days about Gibraltar.
Tusk has said Spain should have a say in any future EU-British relationship that affected Gibraltar. A former leader of May's party responded that Britain would be ready for war over Gibraltar as it was over the Falkland Islands in 1982.
"Are we off our heads?" asked Manfred Weber, the German leader of the centre-right group, the parliament's biggest.
UK Independence Party leader Paul Nuttall suggested Britain responds by making its overseas territory of Gibraltar, on the southern coast of Spain, an integral part of the United Kingdom.
Nigel Farage, former UKIP leader and still its leader in the European Parliament, called the EU negotiating position "a form of ransom demand".
"You have been vindictive and nasty. You are behaving like the mafia," he said of the bloc. Rebuked by the Italian speaker of parliament, he amended his comparison to "gangsters".
(Additional reporting and writing by Philip Blenkinsop and Alastair Macdonald in Brussels; Editing by Tom Heneghan)
DAKAR May 2 Authorities in West Africa have detained eight Chinese vessels for fishing illegally and the boat owners could be subject to millions of dollars in fines, officials at environmental group Greenpeace said.
Inspectors from Guinea, Sierra Leone and Guinea-Bissau boarded the ships off their respective coasts. They found them to be violating regulations on catching protected fish and using nets with small holes to facilitate bigger hauls.
The arrests came after a two-month regional patrol on a Greenpeace ship, the Esperanza. The patrol, carrying local inspectors from West African countries, aimed to highlight the problem and supplement national efforts, which are often hamstrung by budget and technology constraints, making detentions relatively rare.
West Africa has some the richest waters in the world, which have long been fished by local boats. But stocks are being depleted as industrial trawlers, some of which are operating illegally, comb the oceans from the seabed to the surface, Greenpeace says.
A recent study by Frontiers in Marine Science estimated West Africa's annual losses from illegal and unregulated fishing at $2.3 billion.
The Esperanza patrol found 11 vessels in breach of regulations out of 37 stopped and reported the breaches to local shipping authorities, who towed them back to port. Two other foreign vessels were also found to be non-compliant, including a European ship with shark fins aboard, and further investigations are underway, Greenpeace said.
"This is a surprisingly high amount of arrests, especially considering that the vessels knew about our patrols in advance," Greenpeace's Pavel Klinckhamers, who attended the patrols, said on Tuesday.
Some of the ships have since been released after paying fines. Others are still under investigation. Greenpeace did not name the firms responsible for the infractions.
Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesman Geng Shuang said China consistently opposes all forms of illegal fishing, and demands that Chinese-invested firms operate legally and according to the rules and protect the maritime environment.
"China hopes that the relevant countries can enforce the law in a civilised manner, handle it in accordance with the law and protect the legal rights of the relevant Chinese companies and their employees," Geng said.
An EU official in Dakar was not immediately available for comment. The EU, which imports around 874 million euros ($953.71 million) of fish products legally each year from West Africa, is subject to fishing quotas and pays compensation to local governments. It has also provided funding to crack down on illegal fishing.
Guinea's fishing minister, Andre Loua, confirmed the detentions and added that it needed more money and boats to effectively control illegal fishing.
Government officials in Guinea-Bissau and Sierra Leone were not immediately available for comment. ($1 = 0.9164 euros)
(Additional reporting by Ben Blanchard in Beijing, Saliou Samb in Conakry, Umaru Fofana in Freetown and Alberto Dabo in Bissau; Editing by Matthew Mpoke Bigg and)
Bishop Macarius of the Coptic Orthodox Minya looks on during an interview with Reuters at the Coptic orthodox Diocese of Minya and Abu Qurqass community in Egypt's Southern governorate of Minya, Egypt April 12, 2017. REUTERS/Amina Ismail
MINYA, Egypt The Egyptian government needs to do more to protect the country's Coptic Christians from a "wave of persecution" following bombings that killed dozens during the church's most solemn week of the year, a senior bishop said.
Bishop Macarius, head of the Coptic diocese in Minya, south of Cairo, was skeptical that a state of emergency imposed after the Islamist attacks on Palm Sunday was adequate security and said the church wanted further guarantees.
Copts make up about 10 percent of the 92-million population of mostly Muslim Egypt and are the region's largest Christian denomination, with a nearly 2,000-year-old history in the country.
The Coptic church in Egypt will mark Easter in a subdued fashion, Macarius said, with the usual prayers and religious observances but none of the celebrations and visits from dignitaries that would normally enliven the day.
"We can consider ourselves in a wave of persecution, but the church has gone through a lot in 20 centuries," the bearded Macarius told Reuters in an interview.
"There are waves of persecution. It reaches to the highest point like a pyramid and then it goes down again," the bishop said on Wednesday. "We are at a very high point."
The bombings that killed 45 in Alexandria and Tanta last Sunday followed a series of sectarian attacks against the Copts and came days before Pope Francis is due to make his first visit to Egypt on April 28-29.
The attacks, claimed by Islamic State, represent a challenge to President Abdel Fattah al-Sisi, who has pledged to protect the Copts as part of his campaign against extremism. Sisi visited Coptic Pope Tawadros in Cairo on Thursday to express his condolences.
Although Copts have suffered attacks before from their Muslim neighbors, who have burnt their homes and churches in rural areas, the community has felt increasingly insecure since Islamic State has spread through Iraq and Syria and started targeting Christians.
After the Palm Sunday attacks, Sisi's government introduced a three-month state of emergency which gives it sweeping powers to act against what it calls enemies of the state.
Prime Minister Sherif Ismail said the step was essential to combating what he called terrorist groups bent on undermining the country.
NO POLICE STATE
With a picture of Sisi hanging on the wall behind him, Macarius said the problem could not be tackled with a crackdown alone.
"Security solutions never succeeded alone. No state in the world should be a police state, either here or elsewhere," the bishop said. "Emergency all the time makes people nervous."
Sisi needs advisers who could brief him better on the religious, cultural and security aspects of the crisis, said Macarius, wearing an embroidered black cap.
The state also needed to find those who endorsed the ideology of the suicide bomber, he said, and authorities should devote more effort to monitoring social media.
Not far from where Macarius was speaking, Emad Aziz, 56, sat in his clothes shop counting the cost of the latest assault.
Egyptians usually buy new clothes to mark holidays such as Easter. Not this year, however.
"People are sad, and people buy new clothes when they are happy. The situation is really bad," Aziz, a Christian, told Reuters. "Why would any Egyptian do this to his country? Is this loyalty to the country? Many people don't want Egypt to get better."
He agreed a state of emergency was "not a solution" to the situation of Copts in Egypt - where an economic crisis has severely eroded the living standards of millions.
Security appeared light at the Minya diocese but in Cairo, police have deployed around churches in force, erecting security barriers and metal detectors to screen those attending services in the days leading up to Easter.
In the Cairo district of Shubra, where many Christians live, worshippers filled a service at St Mark's church, some following proceedings by scrolling the order of service across the screens of their smart phones.
A metal detector had been moved down the street so that any bomber could be stopped before reaching the church.
Romainy, a security guard, said members of the congregation were "sad but not scared".
Across the street, a chicken seller, her dress flecked with feathers, said people were attending church as they always had.
"I would have gone to the service myself but I have work to do," she said, declining to give her name.
Not everyone was so relaxed. At a nearby church, a plainclothes police officer told journalists: "It's a very tense time in Egypt."
(Additional reporting and writing by Giles Elgood; Editing by Sonya Hepinstall)
There are almost 400,000 species in the Plant Kingdom and it is rapidly evolving, as hybrids are created every day in the way they interact with other plants in their environment.
No wonder many people are excited to know more about our living brothers and sisters. Many are enticed by the wide range of available species, while some explore and collect only their favorites.
Plant lover or not, there is no age boundary for those who fancy beautiful and unique plants to have at home. Here is a short list of the most unusual plants you will find in the whole world! Some are difficult to acquire but some can easily be bought in garden centers and local groups.
* * *
Euphorbia obesa
It is generally known as euphorbia obesa, native to South Africa. The plant has exactly the same shape as a baseball. It is an unbranched plant with an average height of 20 cm. The special species of baseball plant is protected by national nature conservation as it is very rare in the world.
* * *
Hydnellum peckii
Hydnellum peckii is a special type of fungi that produces blood or juice like fluid on its surface. This plant is also known as “bleeding tooth fungus.” It is the scarlet pigment that causes the blood-like color in the fluid of this plant. This strange plant is mainly found across North America and Europe. It is edible, but the blood-like fluid is extremely bitter in taste. This plant has a very unpleasant odor. The color of fluids on hydnellum peckii can range from orange to pink.
* * *
Rafflesia arnoldii
Rafflesia arnoldii is the biggest individual flower in the world. It is mainly found in the forests of Sumatra. Rafflesia grows to a size of three feet. Like the corpse flower, the plant produces an unpleasant smell. Its flower is the biggest individual flower in the world.
* * *
Purple Pitcher Plant
The purple pitcher plant is one of 18 species of carnivorous plants in Canada. This plant lures its prey with sweet-smelling nectar and deep purple veins. Once an insect falls into the slippery pitcher, it is almost impossible to get out! The insect drowns in the rainwater that collects at the bottom and the plant then digests its prey with the help of special enzymes.
* * *
Fiddlehead fern
Colloquially called fiddleheads or fiddlehead greens, the fiddlehead fern are the furled fronds of a young fern harvested for use as a vegetable. Fiddleheads have antioxidant qualities and are a source of omega-3 and omega-6 fatty acids. They are also high in iron and fibers.
* * *
Hydnora Africana
Rising out of the ground like the head of a blind sea snake and opening its jaws to the world, this plant isn't just unattractive, it smells like feces too. A parasitic plant that attaches itself to the roots of other species, hydnora africana emits its pungent odor to attract carrion beetles and dung beetles, its natural pollinators.
* * *
Ballerina Orchid
The Ballerina orchid is a small, inconspicuous, terrestrial spider orchid that grows singly or in groups. Found in a very small region in southwestern Australia, this orchid species is classified as critically endangered. Although they can live for many years, these plants only flower for about two weeks.
* * *
Lithop
Lithop can be described as living stones. The plant looks like stones or pebbles. Its unique shape is caused by the merging of two separate leaves at the outer edges of the plant. The lithop plant grows during the rainy season. This extremely strange plant species is mainly found in South Africa. The thick pebble-like leaves are the main visible parts of lithops. They can be found in many colors like yellow, purple, red, pink and more. They can live for approximately 50 years.
The wedding was attended by close family and a few friends as they wished their wedding to be a very private affair. The wedding was performed as per Hindu rituals. Top fashion designer Sabyasachi Mukherjee has designed the wedding ensemble for both the bride and the groom. Virat and Anushka will now start inviting all industry friends and colleagues for the celebrations that are set to happen in Mumbai.
Anushka Sharma and Virat Kohli said in a joint statement, “Today we have promised each other to be bound in love forever. We are truly blessed to share this wonderful news with you. This beautiful day will be made more special with the love and support of our family of fans and well wishers. Thank you for being such an important part of our journey.”
The couple will be hosting a reception in New Delhi for their relatives on 21st December which will be followed by a reception for industry friends and cricketers in Mumbai on 26th December .
.
Today we have promised each other to be bound in love for ever. We are truly blessed to share the news with you.This beautiful day will be made more special with the love and support of our family of fans & well wishers. Thank you for being such an important part of our journey. pic.twitter.com/aobTUwMNAK
— Virat Kohli (@imVkohli) December 11, 2017
New Delhi: It's official, Virat Kohli and Anushka Sharma are officially married now. The duo tied the knot in a hush-hush affair in a resort named Borgo Finocchieto in Buonconvento town in the Province of Siena, Italy at around 6 pm (IST).
The newly wed couple will travel to South Africa where Virat will start prepping for the upcoming series and Anushka will spend New Year's Eve with him and return in the first week of January to begin the next schedule of Anand L Rai's film with Shah Rukh Khan in Mumbai. She will also start prepping for Sui Dhaaga as the shooting for the same starts in February 2018 with Varun Dhawan. Anushka will also be busy with the marketing and promotions of Pari which is releasing on 9th February.
Virat, on the other hand, will be playing the series in South Africa for 2 months which includes three Tests, six One Day Internationals (ODIs) and three Twenty20 International (T20I) matches.
Post their wedding the newly wed couple will be shifting to their new residence in Worli, Mumbai in December once they return from Delhi.
Their spokesperson said, “We are extremely grateful to the media for their support and understanding in making this special occasion a memorable one and thank them for their continued love and support.”
Anushka and Virat left for Italy late on Thursday night, giving rise to speculations about their marriage this week. There was no official confirmation from neither Virat nor Anushka but according to reports, it was certain. The couple wanted to keep it a private affair.As reported by ABP News earlier, the Indian captain and Anushka was about all set to tie the knot on December 12 and today it is official.The marriage took place in high security. No media personnel was allowed to enter the marriage venue.The venue is believed to be one of the costliest in the world. It is an 800-year restored village. Former US President Barack Obama also went spent considerable amount of time in this resort during his vacation last year.According to reports, 15 close friends and relatives attended the wedding along with Virat's childhood coach Rajkumar Sharma.The bridal wear has been designed by famous Bollywood designer Sabysachi MukherjeeVirat and Anushka will return to India on December 21 after spending a short honeymoon in Rome.After returning to India, the duo has planned to host to a grand reception on 22nd December at Mumbai's JW Marriot hotel. Another reception will be held in Virat's hometown Delhi. However, no Indian cricketer will be on the list of invitees as the team will be occupied with T20 series against Sri Lanka.We wish the couple a very happy married life.
Performance-minded car buyers know exactly what they want. Sometimes, though, they're not sure exactly what car fits the bill. We're here to help.Autoblog's Car Finder uses powerful filters to narrow down what can be an overwhelming amount of choices. Selecting the "Performance" filter eliminates anything that won't rev you up. But the real beauty of the Car Finder is that you can plug in as many additional criteria as you need.The list is easy to pare down by using price, vehicle size, vehicle style or type, and transmission filters. Plug in as many filters as you want to narrow down the list even further. If you don't get any results, try taking a filter off. You may have accidentally selected a combination of attributes that doesn't match any car on sale.Good luck, and we hope you find the perfect car to satisfy your high-performance lifestyle.
Video: 'You're not going to be able to breathe' – London fire victim live streams attempt to save residents trapped in 23rd floor apartment inferno
Rania Ibrham began live streaming on Facebook as the fire raged yesterday. It's not known if she was among the survivors.
ANKARA Turkey has findings which indicate that an attack which killed scores of people including children in Syria's northwestern province of Idlib was a chemical attack, Health Minister Recep Akdag said on Wednesday.
Around 30 people had been brought across the border to Turkish hospitals for treatment as of Tuesday, Akdag said, speaking to reporters in Turkey's northeastern province of Erzurum in comments broadcast live.
He did not give details of the findings.
The United States, Britain and France on Tuesday proposed a U.N. Security Council resolution condemning the attack, which they have blamed on Syrian government forces. The Syrian military denied responsibility.
(Reporting by Tuvan Gumrukcu; Editing by Nick Tattersall)
ZURICH, April 12 The Swiss blue-chip SMI was seen opening 0.22 percent higher at 8,661 points on Wednesday, according to premarket indications by bank Julius Baer.
The following are some of the main factors expected to affect Swiss stocks:
SYNGENTA
Mexico's antitrust commission COFECE said on Tuesday it would condition its approval of ChemChina's planned $43 billion takeover bid of Swiss pesticides and seeds group Syngenta AG.
For more news, click
SIKA
Chairman Paul Haelg said on Wednesday he expects the hostile takeover attempt by French construction materials giant Saint-Gobain to be resolved by 2018.
For more news, click
BARRY CALLEBAUT
The Swiss cocoa and chocolate manufacturer said first-half net profit rose 32 percent to 142.1 million Swiss francs ($141.08 million), beating analyst forecasts, as the company was helped by a good product and customer mix and a more supportive cocoa products market.
Analysts surveyed by Reuters had expected net profit, on average, of 127 million francs.
For more, click
COMPANY STATEMENTS
* Kuehne + Nagel said it had a memorandum of understanding with Alibaba.com on offering global logistics services to customers of the Chinese e-commerce company's B2B business unit.
* Molecular Partners said Christian Zahnd, co-founder and former CEO, for health reasons will not stand for re-election as member of board of directors and will instead become honorary chairman.
* Edisun Power Europe AG said FY revenues were up 8 percent to 8.23 million francs.
* Implenia said it won a nearly $100 million order in Sweden.
* Galenica Sante said there was a full exercise of over-allotment option for its IPO.
* Elina Leimgruber, mayor of Vevey, has been designated to represent the municipalities of Vaud canton on the board of directors of Romande Energie Holding, the company said, succeeding Laurent Ballif.
* Inficon said its shareholders approved all the proposals made by the board of directors at its annual general meeting.
* Zug Estates Holding AG said shareholders approved all proposals of the board of directors at its ordinary general meeting of shareholders.
ECONOMY
* Results from Swiss federal bond issues due around 0900 GMT. ($1 = 1.0072 Swiss francs) (Reporting by Zurich newsroom)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Sri Lankan shares retreat from 5-1/2-week closing low; John Keells leads
COLOMBO, June 14 Sri Lankan shares on Wednesday bounced from their five-week closing low hit in the previous session, led by gains in conglomerate John Keells Holdings Plc and with foreign investors buying into the island nation's risky assets.
Sanger's book inspired by grandmother's survival of the ship's sinking
1 2 Based on the WWII German sinking of the British passenger ship Athenia Author Thomas C. Sanger
End
-- Thomas Sanger has captured the stories of others all his life. The La Jolla journalist and writer is taking on a story much closer to his heart with the publication of his book Without Warning, a historical novel based on the German sinking of the British passenger ship Athenia, at the start of World War II. Sanger's grandmother was aboard the Athenia, September 3, 1939, returning to America and survived the torpedo attack."My grandmother Rhoda Thomas' personal account inspired me to write the book," Sanger said. "She captured her experience in a journal, written 70 years ago, which I discovered and read. My intent is to honor the sacrifice and heroism displayed by the men, women, and children aboard the Athenia on that fateful day."The Athenia sailed from Glasgow, Sept. 1, 1939, only a few hours after the German Army marched into Poland. The ship picked up passengers in Belfast and Liverpool before finally heading to Montreal, Canada, with more than 1,400 passenger and crew aboard.Researching the book, Sanger interviewed several Athenia survivors, some of whom are the book's main characters."I chose to write the book as historical fiction, because I wanted to explore the emotions of the characters and involve readers on a more personal level with the story," Sanger said. "All the principal characters are actual people and the actions they took evacuating the ship and being rescued are based on historical accounts. Their conversations, thoughts and a few of the secondary characters are all my invention, designed to serve the story's dramatic arc."Sanger will present the story of the Athenia and sign copies of Without Warning at a free public event, Sunday, Sept. 10, in the community room of the La Jolla Riford Library at 2 p.m."Very few people today know anything about Athenia's story," Sanger said. "I hope my novel can help create greater public awareness of this tragic event."Without Warning is available in print and e-book format at Amazon , Barnes & Noble, and wherever books are sold. For more information about Without Warning and the author Thomas Sanger go to http://thomascsanger.com/ Sanger, a native of Los Angeles, worked for the Associated Press and radio station KABC in his home town, as well as wrote documentary scripts for the Australian Broadcasting Corp. in Sydney, Australia. He also enjoyed a 24-year career in public relations in Southern California. Sanger lives in San Diego with his wife, Kay. Without Warning is Sanger's third book, but his first work of fiction.
Soccer-De Biasi quits as Albania coach, says his cycle over
TIRANA, June 14 Albania coach Gianni De Biasi resigned on Wednesday after six years in charge during which he led them to Euro 2016, their first and only appearance at a major tournament.
UPDATE 2-GE merges power units as exec who lost out on GE CEO job retires
SEATTLE, June 14 General Electric Co said it will combine its power and energy distribution businesses to create its largest unit by revenue as the top executive at GE Power announced his retirement after failing to win the conglomerate's chief executive job.
UPDATE 4-GE merges power units as exec who lost out on GE CEO job retires
SEATTLE, June 14 General Electric Co said on Wednesday it will combine its power and energy distribution businesses to create its largest unit by revenue as the top executive at GE Power announced his retirement after failing to win the conglomerate's CEO job.
ZURICH, April 12 Chocolate and cocoa product maker Barry Callebaut confirmed mid-term guidance of 4-6 percent sales volume growth after net profit rose more than expected in the six months to February, as a phase-out of less profitable contracts in its cocoa business bore first fruit.
Chocolate makers face declining global demand, but Barry Callebaut is outperforming the market because big groups outsource their chocolate production to the company and its gourmet business for chefs is also growing quickly.
"Whilst markets remain volatile, we have built a healthy chocolate portfolio and expect the good momentum to continue," the company, which supplies chocolate to food groups such as Nestle and Unilever , said in a statement on Wednesday.
Net profit rose to 142.1 million Swiss francs($141.08 million) in the first half of fiscal year 2016/17, ahead of a 127 million franc forecasts in a Reuters poll. ($1 = 1.0072 Swiss francs) (Reporting by Silke Koltrowitz, editing by John Miller)
April 28 Gobarto SA:
* Said on Thursday that it signed with Marek Piotr Piekaj conditional agreement concerning acquisition of JAMA Sp. z o.o. for 12.0 million zlotys ($3.1 million)
* This transaction aligns with the company's strategy of extending distribution segment
Source text for Eikon:
Further company coverage: ($1 = 3.8696 zlotys) (Gdynia Newsroom)
The MetLife building is seen in New York, March 8, 2010. REUTERS/Shannon Stapleton
MetLife Inc (MET.N), the largest U.S. life insurer, reported a better-than-expected operating profit on Wednesday, driven by higher net investment income and a tighter leash on costs.
New York-based MetLife's shares were up 2.8 percent in trading after the bell.
Insurers have benefited from higher U.S. interest rates, which were raised in December and March. The Federal Reserve has indicated more hikes this year.
MetLife said its net investment income rose 14 percent to $5.20 billion in the first quarter ended March 31.
Operating costs were little changed at $14.91 billion.
MetLife aims to save a gross $1 billion a year, through its cost-cutting plan, which also includes job cuts.
The company, which has been streamlining its businesses in response to a strict regulatory environment, plans to spin off its U.S. retail business, Brighthouse Financial, this year.
The company's net profit fell to $820 million, or 75 cents per share, in the first quarter, from $2.20 billion, or $1.98 per share, a year earlier.
The insurer recorded $602 million in net derivative losses in the quarter, reflecting changes in equity markets and interest rates. MetLife had recorded derivative gains of $868 million in the prior-year quarter.
The insurer uses its derivatives program to hedge against risks such as volatile currency exchange rates, equities markets and interest rate changes.
On an operating basis, MetLife earned $1.41 per share, beating the analysts' average estimate of $1.27, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S.
The company's total operating revenue rose 1.6 percent to $16.88 billion.
MetLife's shares had slipped 3.3 percent this year through Wednesday's close.
Fellow U.S. insurer Prudential Financial Inc (PRU.N) also reported a better-than-expected quarterly profit on Wednesday, helped by growth in its international insurance and retirement businesses.
(Reporting by Nikhil Subba in Bengaluru; Editing by Maju Samuel and Sai Sachin Ravikumar)
DUBAI, April 5 Petrochemicals lifted Saudi Arabia's stock market on Wednesday as crude oil prices climbed to near a one-month high above $54.50 a barrel, with other markets slightly higher.
All 13 Saudi petrochemical producers rose, with heavyweight Saudi Basic Industries adding 1.0 percent. The index was up 0.6 percent.
In Doha, the index was up 0.1 percent, supported by a 1.5 percent climb in Barwa Real Estate and a 0.6 percent rise in Islamic lender Masraf Al Rayan which said it had formed a committee to manage its merger with Barwa Bank and International Bank of Qatar.
In Dubai most blue chips outperformed their smaller counterparts, helping keep the index steady near the previous session's close. Dubai Investments rose 1.6 percent and Emaar Properties was up 0.4 percent.
In neighbouring Abu Dhabi, the index was up 0.3 percent, supported by a 0.9 percent rise in shares of newly merged First Abu Dhabi Bank. (Reporting by Celine Aswad; editing by Alexander Smith)
BRIEF-Italian bad loan manager doBank says filed for Milan bourse listing
* Shares to be offered in IPO will be sold by 97.81 percent shareholder Avio, which is indirectly controlled by Fortress Investment Group and Eurocastle Investment Limited Further company coverage: (Reporting by Milan Newsroom)
Britain's permanent representative to the European Union Tim Barrow delivers British Prime Minister Theresa May's Brexit letter in notice of the UK's intention to leave the bloc under Article 50 of the EU's Lisbon Treaty to EU Council President Donald Tusk in Brussels. REUTERS/Yves Herman
Reuters beat UK and world media on Wednesday by being first to report (here) one of the year's most hotly anticipated news events – the moment when the UK's letter notifying the European Union of its intention to leave the bloc was finally delivered to European Council President Donald Tusk by the British ambassador to the EU.
Reuters was almost a minute ahead of its closest competitor with the news and had published a full story (here) before some competitors had even reported that the letter had been delivered.
The scoop was the result of close collaboration between Reuters reporters and Reuters Pictures chief Brussels photographer Yves Herman, who was in the room when Tusk received the letter from Britain's permanent representative to the EU Tim Barrow.
You can keep up-to-date with all things Brexit by subscribing to our weekly Brexit round-up (here) from our leading team of journalists. Register your details to receive these emails each week: here
Media contact:
pete dot biggs at thomsonreuters dot com
[Reuters PR Blog Post]
High Paywave fees from banks are making goods and services 'more expensive for everyone'
Retail NZ says it has heard of retailers in New Zealand being charged up to 3.5 per cent transaction fees, with an average of 1.6 per cent - the average in the UK is 0.2 per cent.
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Otc Markets Group Inc:
* 2017 TOTAL DOLLAR VOLUME OF OTCQX, OTCQB AND PINK SECURITIES WAS $246.7 BILLION COMPARED TO $192.9 BILLION IN 2016 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
WORTHY CAUSE: Mykeala Campanini has been nominated for a Queensland Young Achiever Award after setting up a charity that helps rescue animals on death row in pounds.
WORTHY CAUSE: Mykeala Campanini has been nominated for a Queensland Young Achiever Award after setting up a charity that helps rescue animals on death row in pounds. Contributed
ANIMALS have always been close to Mykeala Campanini's heart.
Growing up in Bundaberg, the family home was always full of pets.
So it's not surprising that when she moved to Brisbane to study journalism and wasn't allowed pets on campus, she started volunteering at an animal shelter.
Last year she turned her passion for animal rescue into a charity and has now been nominated for an award.
"I'm a really big animal lover,” she said.
While volunteering she was surprised by how many animals found their way into regional pounds and ended up on death row. After a bit of research, she founded Happy Tails Animal Rescue to work with pounds, the RSPCA and other shelters in regional areas to bring unwanted pets to Brisbane for vet work and then to find their forever homes.
Animals needing homes in regional centres such as Bundaberg and Rockhampton needed to move to another area, Ms Campanini said.
"There's
Mykeala Campanini with a treasured pet. Contributed
Now all her hard work has been recognised as she is one of four finalists in the Queensland Young Achiever Awards, volunteer category.
Ms Campanini, 21, said her not-for-profit service had taken the equivalent of one animal out of a pound every day she had been running the foundation - so about 300 pets had been saved.
And all those pets have been adopted or cared for by her foster families.
These days Miss Campanini is surrounded by pets again, with nine cats and one dog at home and her parents' home in Bundaberg is "like a zoo” as they foster animals before they are taken to Brisbane to be re-homed.
Happy Tails Animal Rescue is looking for foster carers and people to help at adoption days, Visit www.happytailsrescue.com.au
March 30 Innoviva Inc
* Sarissa Capital Management - call for Innoviva CEO compensation to be reduced to below $500,000 per year - SEC filing
* Sarissa Capital Management - call on Innoviva board compensation to be reduced to below $200,000 per year - SEC filing
* Sarissa Capital Management - "do not believe that compensation increases tied to changes in royalty revenue are justified"
* Sarissa Capital Management - opposes nomination of William Waltrip, Michael Aguiar and Paul Pepe to Innoviva board Source: (bit.ly/2mSz0qF) Further company coverage:
April 28 Hsbc Holdings Plc
* Our current intention is to sustain annual dividend at current level for foreseeable future -Chairman
* We may need to relocate some 1,000 roles from london to paris progressively over next two years
* Our clear preference is to retain as much activity in uk as we can
* If globalisation continues to retreat, as currently seems likely, we expect world to evolve into big trading blocs Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Reporting by Lawrence White)
Okanagan Valley wineries need to think of themselves as collaborators rather than competitors to grow their industry, says the owner of a Washington state winery.
Steve Griessel, owner of Betz Family Winery in Woodinville, Wash., says that sense of collaboration runs deep in Washington's wine and grape growing community and he believes it has been the foundation for their success.
“I feel very strongly about that, and it says something about who we are as an industry and where we see ourselves being 10 years from now, no matter how large or small, we are all in this together, ” Griessel said.
“We are competing against the rest of the world, not against each other.”
Griessel was among the keynote speakers for the inaugural BC Wine Industry Forum held in Penticton last week.
He talked about the growth of Washington's winery industry, which contributes $5 billion to the state economy.
Washington's wine industry produced approximately 17.5 million cases of wine in 2016, with an overall wine grape acreage of more than 55,000 acres. Their industry is comprised of over 900 wineries and 350 grape growers.
Like the Okanagan, Washington vintners are focused on the premium wine market segment.
Washington premium wine production is second only to the Napa Valley in the U.S.
Related: Okanagan wine industry lacks climate change plan
As a comparison, the Okanagan wine industry is also ranked second for Canada, behind only the Niagara Peninsula of Ontario, with more than 120 vineyards and 200 wineries, with a grape acreage of 9,900 acres.
“Napa Valley was very much like that when their wine industry was starting,” Griessel said of the collaboration. “It has changed now because the industry has enjoyed great success, and attracted new investors and that shared collaboration has been lost a little in recent years.”
Griessel said the best example of Washington wineries working together was in 2002 when a spring freeze destroyed much the grape crop, leaving many wineries with no product and on the verge of bankruptcy.
“The largest producer in the state stepped up and made sure everyone had a supply of grapes to continue operating that year. That is unheard of in any industry, for a company with the largest marketshare helping its competitors to survive rather than letting them go out of business,” he said.
“But our view as an industry is we walk together to change the world. It is a common vision that unites us all, big and small.”
Griessel said the maturity level of the Okanagan's wine industry is about 15 to 20 years behind Washington, so the experience of his and and other Washington wineries and grape growers can benefit local producers.
“We can learn a lot from each other,” Griessel said. “The geography and climate is very similar. We get massive heat spikes that present challenges to our growers some years, similar to what you see in the Okanagan.”
Related: International showcase of Okanagan wines
He said while the Washington industry has used social media to connect directly with consumers, he said they have also placed greater emphasis on “influencing the influencers” in the wine industry.
“What I have found is that while winning wine competitions is great, it doesn't really move the needle much on the business side. What does make the needle move significantly is a positive review from a wine critic such as Robert Parker,” he said.
Parker is a renowned American wine critic who gives wine ratings through his newsletter, The Wine Advocate, on a regular basis with international influence.
“Many people think Parker is not as influential anymore but I think that is nuts. What I see is when he passes judgment on a new wine, a positive review moves that needle like nothing else can.”
While marketing remains important, Griessel says their industry has also been a research driver, working with the University of Washington on projects related to the agriculture and wine producing elements of their industry.
“We raised the money to build a wine research centre and donate $1.1 million annually for research projects. We direct that research based on what our greatest needs are, so again there is that collaboration aspect working on the research end as well.”
But the ultimate growth driver, Griessel acknowledged, remains the people in his industry.
“We had to work to convince people initially to change the ‘it does nothing for me' attitude that our industry wide efforts in research and marketing will benefit the entire industry. We've worked hard to change that attitude,” he said.
To report a typo, email: edit@kelownacapnews.com.
@BarryGerding
barry.gerding@blackpress.ca
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A Derbyshire man who was found dead after being pulled from the River Derwent following an 11-week manhunt could have died from drowning, an inquest heard.
The hearing was told the body of 68-year-old Trevor Dennis Needham, of Codnor, was found by officers following a call from a member of the public on Sunday, June 24.
His inquest was formally opened today by assistant coroner Louise Pinder at Derby and Derbyshire Coroner's Court.
Miss Pinder said a formal dental examination of the retired electrician was performed by medics at the Royal Derby Hospital last month.
They noted that there was nothing out of the ordinary during the dental examination and confirmed it was Mr Needham.
No toxicology tests could be undertaken due to the condition of the body.
The court heard that Derbyshire Police launched a huge 11-week manhunt after Mr Needham left his home at around 3pm to visit the dentist in Ripley, but he did not return home.
A few days after he went missing, police released CCTV footage of Mr Needham walking near Darley Abbey Mills on the afternoon of Wednesday, April 4.
It took a further 10-weeks before his body was discovered in the river, near to Draycott.
Miss Pinder adjourned the inquest provisionally until October 12 when a full hearing will take place.
We've launched our very own app for Android and Apple devices which can be tailored to deliver the news and sport that you're interested in.
To download the IOS app click here.
To download the Android app click here.
May 2 Charter Hall Retail REIT
* Reit confirms that FY17 guidance for operating earnings is expected to be 30.4 cents per unit
* Distribution payout ratio range for FY17 is expected to remain between 90% and 95% of operating earnings
* In quarter ended mar 31, occupancy remained stable at 98.0% with specialty sales growth at 0.5% Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Mattel plays with digital toys to triple China business
June 14 Mattel Inc expects to grow three to four times in the more than $31 billion toys and games market in China by 2020 through digitally connected toys, as it intensifies its efforts to take on LEGO Group and Hasbro Inc in the country.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Vegetation on land earmarked for Exxon discoloured from natural causes – OAI
“I am not sure what the concern is, but if the concern is that the trees have been sprayed, be assured that they haven't.”
This was the response given by one of the main investors in Ogle Airport Inc. (OAI), Michael Correia, when asked about the trees that have suddenly begun to die on the 10-acre plot of land earmarked for ExxonMobil.
OAI is the private sector company that controls the Eugene F. Correia International Airport.
The company has been in negotiations with ExxonMobil for the subleasing of 10 acres of prime land at the airport. OAI claims that it is still in discussion with ExxonMobil and is yet to sign any documents. However, ExxonMobil claims that it has signed, “An agreement with Ogle Airport Inc. expressing mutual interest in potentially sub-leasing approximately 10 acres of land for an extended period”.
What is very clear, however, is that the Guyana Lands and Surveys Commission has not given OAI the go-ahead to sublease the land to ExxonMobil.
Nevertheless, the thick vegetation that once covered the 10-acre plot that was earmarked for ExxonMobil has started to diminish. A large portion of the area is no longer green.
Yesterday, Correia said that there has been no attempt, as yet, to get rid of the “overgrown vegetation.” He said that the vegetation seems to have become discoloured from natural causes. Also, Correia said that he has requested that OAI's in-house environmental officer investigate the matter and report the cases to him. He posited that in any case, the vegetation will eventually have to be removed for development.
Whatever the reasons for the discolouration of the vegetation, it is only occurring on the land earmarked for the oil giant. Since last year ExxonMobil “expressed interest,” in land at Ogle.
AUGUSTA, Ga. (WJBF) – An Augusta University expert told NewsChannel 6 North Korea is all talk when it comes to nuclear threats. This news comes after heated words were exchanged between Kim Jong-un and President Donald Trump. The North Korean leader recently warned the U.S. to behave, or it will meet a tragic doom.
Dr. Andrew Goss teaches history at AU and said this is not the first time threats have come from North Korea.
But he said Donald Trump is the first president to dish it right back.
“North Korea is hemmed in by great powers that don't allow him to maneuver and he would like more room to maneuver, more access to the world economy. I think he would like to be seen as a regional power,” said Goss, Chair of the Department of History, Anthropology and Philosophy.
Dr. Goss added that North Korea could launch a missile that reaches the west coast of the U.S. in Hawaii or Alaska, but he feels it's highly unlikely that they will do so.
Cork City 3 Bohemians 0
League champions Cork City have a four-point lead at the top of the SSE Airtricity League Premier Division after victory over Bohemians at Turner's Cross, writes Denis Hurley.
A bank holiday attendance of 4,265 saw the Rebel Army take control of the game with a pair of early goals from Graham Cummins and Kieran Sadlier and thereafter the win looked assured as they responded to Friday night's draw away to Limerick.
Karl Sheppard of Cork City celebrates after scoring his side's third goal at Turner's Cross. Photo by Eóin Noonan/Sportsfile
Having had an early chance where a Sadlier shot was blocked by Cummins, City had a better result in the 18th minute when Jimmy Keohane's effort ricocheted off the centre-forward and beyond Shane Supple in the Bohs goal.
Just three minutes later, the lead was doubled as Sadlier scored a penalty for the third game in a row. The winger might have actually goaled himself from Conor McCormack's cross, but a handball by defender Rob Cornwall saw referee Tomás Connolly point to the spot and Sadlier made no mistake.
With no real chances for Bohs, City were good value for the two-goal lead at half-time and Cummins went close to a third early in the second half following good combination play with Keohane.
Keohane had a chance too, Ian Morris getting a good block in, while Karl Sheppard nearly had an instant impact after being brought on, Dan Casey denying him. Conor McCarthy couldn't get enough on a Keohane free from the left late on, but in the 87th minute Sheppard did get the third, firing home after Barry McNamee rolled a free kick to him.
CORK CITY: McNulty; McCarthy, Barry, McLoughlin, Griffin; McCormack, Keohane; McNamee, Buckley (Morrissey 25), Sadlier (Sheppard 66); Cummins.
BOHEMIANS: Supple; Pender (Morris 26), Cornwall, Casey, Leahy; Buckley, Brennan; Lunney, Watts (Corcoran 64), Moore; Stokes (Ward 70).
Referee: T Connolly (Dublin).
Share it:
Don't Miss
A research study titled, “3D Scanning Market by product Type – Global Industry Analysis and Forecast to 2022” published by Crystal Market Research.
In 2012, the global 3D Scanning Market was evaluated over USD 1.70 billion and is anticipated to reach around USD 3.66 billion by 2022 while maintaining a compound annual growth rate (CAGR) of 7.12% during the forecasted period. A 3D scanner is equipment that studies a real-world environment or objects to accumulate data of its shape as well as perhaps its appearance. The accumulated data can then be employed to create digital 3D or three-dimensional models. 3D scanners measure the tangible objects with the help of x-ray, laser or light and form polygon meshes or dense point clouds.
Get sample pages of this report @ https://tinyurl.com/y986kpm9
Industry Outlook:
3D scanners are also referred as white light scanners, 3D digitizers, industrial CT, LIDAR, laser scanners, and others. There are several diverse 3D scanning methods, based on different imaging principles. As a few technologies are ideal for short-range scanning, remaining technologies are best for mid- or long-range scanning. The 3D scanning technology has application everywhere in a production phase and assists to save money, material and time. 3D scanning ensues in superior quality and enhanced fitting parts that need less production cost. By using 3D scanning, the expenditure of a typical production design cycle can be abbreviated by 75%. 3D scanning presents numerous advantages like rapid capturing of all measurements of particular tangible object, less time-consuming design work, as well as the guarantee of parts production with specific measurements which is actuating the 3D scanners demand.
Technology Outlook and Trend Analysis:
The global 3D scanners market is anticipated to demonstrate lucrative growth while maintaining a significant compound annual growth rate over the projected period of 2012 to 2022. Development of handy 3D scanners and technological advancement is predicted to fuel the growth of global 3D scanner industry. Reverse engineering services are experiencing high adoption owing to extensive industrial applications in industries like manufacturing, automobile, aerospace, and defense. In addition, body or face scanners are anticipated to achieve grip over the forecast period with extending applications in security surveillance and in medical and healthcare industry. Though, elevated initial cost of 3D scanners is restraining the product's industrial adoption and is likely to restrain the growth of the global 3D scanner market over the coming years.
Competitive Insights and Product Segmentation:
The major market players for the global 3D scanners market are; Steinbichler Vision Systems (SVS), Inc., Nikon Metrology NV, 3D Systems, Fuel3D Technologies Limited, Autodesk, Inc., 3D Digital Corp., Basis Software Inc., Hexagon AB, FARO Technologies, Inc., David Vision Systems GmbH, Creaform Inc., and Ametek, Inc. According to the product type, the global 3D scanner market is classified as; Optical Scanner, Laser Scanner, and Structured Light Scanner. On the basis of the range of the 3D scanner, the global market industry is divided into; Short range, Medium range, and Long range. By application, the market is split as; Healthcare, Aerospace & Defense, Architecture & Engineering, Industrial manufacturing, and Other Applications.
Regional Outlook:
Geographically, the global 3D scanner market is segmented into regions which are; Europe (Germany, Spain, Italy, France, UK and Rest of Europe), Asia-Pacific (Japan, China, India, Australia, South Korea and Rest of Asia Pacific), North America (the United States, Mexico and Canada)and Rest of the World (Brazil, Saudi Arabia, South Africa, United Arab Emirates and Others).
Key findings of the 3D scanning market:
Technological advancements, falling costs of laser technology and expansion of developing countries are the major driving factors stimulating the global market growth while elevated cost of 3D Scanners and its implementation are the restraints for the growth of industry over forecast period.
In Asia-pacific region, the rise in product demand for various industrial manufacturing processes is anticipated to boost the market growth, thus the Asia-pacific will rule the global market. It is followed by North American regional market owing to increasing R&D spending in this region.
Check discount offer for Report click on the link @ https://tinyurl.com/yb7p7eqp
The key market contributors include Nikon Metrology NV, 3D Systems, Fuel3D Technologies Limited, Autodesk, Inc., 3D Digital Corp., Basis Software Inc., Hexagon AB, FARO Technologies, Inc. and David Vision Systems GmbH.
Listen to this week's Keeping Score podcast:
A wrap up of the week in sports news from sports marketing expert Rick Horrow:
Advertisers for Sunday's Super Bowl LII can't afford any missteps: After dropping an average of $5 million-plus for a 30-spot, brands will showcase their ads in front of upwards of 100 million viewers, many of whom are increasingly wary of political content. Rick's take: NBC is expanding its coverage of the Super Bowl compared to recent years, as consumption of the big game increases exponentially every year.
The sexual abuse scandal involving former Olympic team doctor Larry Nassar is weighing on the gymnastics community with some gym owners reconsidering the culture of the sport. And a Wall Street Journal report this week said that U.S. Olympic Committee officials were told in 2015 that an investigation had uncovered possible criminal sexual abuse by Nassar. Rick's take: The public deserves answers as to how such a horrible crime could go on for so long without detection and restitution.
Vine McMahon announced plans to bring back a ‘reimagined' version of the XFL in 2020, as the World Wrestling Entertainment founder looks to resurrect the short-lived football league. McMahon claims the league will be “fan-centric with all the things you like to see and less of the things you don't.” Rick's take: The league will start during the winter following the Super Bowl, with eight yet-to-be-determined markets.
Click here for more of Reuters best sports photography.
(Repeats to fix bullet point in 8th paragraph.)
April 5 Placing laptops and computer tablets in the cargo hold is more complicated than air passengers or crew might expect, under new safety guidelines released on Wednesday by the European Aviation Safety Agency (EASA).
EASA, which oversees safety in 32 countries, has raised concerns over fire risks in the cargo hold after the United States and Britain banned electronic devices such as computers and iPads from the cabin on some flights due to security fears.
In a safety bulletin on Wednesday, it outlined a number of extra safety precautions for passengers and airlines to pay attention to when complying with the cabin electronics ban.
WHAT IS EASA?
EASA is the European Union agency responsible for regulating aviation in 32 European countries including, four outside the EU. Some but not all of its standards are compulsory. Its latest guidance on the carriage of computers is just a recommendation.
POWER OFF
* Computer devices packed in checked baggage "have to be completely switched off and effectively protected from accidental activation," EASA says.
* To ensure that the devices do not turn on by mistake, passengers must not only switch them off, but ensure that any applications, alarms or settings that might accidentally awaken the machines during flight are disabled or deactivated.
PACKAGING
* Computers should be protected from damage with "suitable packaging or casing" or placed in a rigid bag protected by adequate cushioning, which could include clothing, EASA says.
WORKAROUND WARNING
* Gulf airlines have announced workarounds allowing premium passengers to keep their devices right up to the boarding gate, and then to hand them over so that they can be stowed in the hold alongside checked luggage.
* But EASA is concerned that this should not allow too many laptops to be stored together - a concentration of lithium-powered devices that raises the prospect of similar fire hazards to cargo shipments, which are subject to special controls.
* EASA therefore lays down guidelines that could increase the amount of time it takes to store and retrieve the devices. Cabin crew must not simply collect them and put them all in one place. They must be "dispersed" in the hold and should not be in one container. They should also be kept away from other dangerous goods.
SPARE BATTERIES
* EASA also issues a reminder to airlines that the carriage of spare batteries, power banks and e-cigarettes are forbidden inside checked baggage under global aviation rules.
(Compiled by Tim Hepher, editing by G Crosse)
- Above is the latest episode of WWE's "List This!" with Greg Hamilton looking at 5 people you won't believe Kane Tombstoned - the Phoenix Suns mascot, WWE Hall of Famer Pete Rose, Mr. Swagger, The Bunny and a priest.
- As noted, this week's "Flashback Friday" programming on the WWE Network will have a "Today In History" theme. Below is the schedule for today:
* 3pm EST - WWE ECW, 10/5/2009: Despite his continued efforts to attain a shot at the ECW Title, William Regal's plans are thwarted by the return of ECW GM Tiffany. (NEW)
* 4pm EST - RAW Flashback, 10/5/2014: Dean Ambrose and John Cena's shared desire for revenge on Seth Rollins leads them to the main event as they are forced to coexist once again to take on Rollins, Kane, and Randy Orton. (NEW)
* 6:25pm EST - Prime Time Wrestling, 10/6/1986: Gorilla Monsoon and Bobby 'The Brain' Heenan host Prime Time Wrestling featuring The Hart Foundation, Billy Jack Haynes, and many more!
* 8pm EST - WWE Battleground 2013, 10/6/2013: Daniel Bryan vs Randy Orton for the vacant WWE Title. Rob Van Dam vs Alberto Del Rio for World Heavyweight Title in a Hardcore Rules Match.
- Noam Dar, Tyson Kidd, Apollo Crews and Titus O'Neil attended last night's Tampa Bay Buccaneers vs. New England Patriots NFL game. Below is a photo of the group, minus Dar:
nae clue whits happening
Yella card ref huv a word
Carry On x#TNF pic.twitter.com/UOq2i5iUaA — SUPERNOVA (@NoamDar) October 6, 2017
Follow Marc Middleton on Twitter at @this_is_marc. Got a news tip or correction? Send it to us by clicking here.
LOS ANGELES (AP) — Bruce Brown, who molded the modern image of surfer as seeker and transformed the sport with his 1966 surfing documentary "The Endless Summer," has died He was 80.
Alex Mecl, general manager of Bruce Brown Films, said Brown died of natural causes in Santa Barbara, California on Sunday.
Along with the music of the Beach Boys, Brown took surfing from a quirky hobby to a fundamental part of American culture.
Surfers had largely been portrayed as beach blanket buffoons in the mindless party movies of the early 1960s.
Advertisement
Then came Brown and "The Endless Summer" with his beautiful, soulful story of surfers on a quest for fulfillment — an image that became emblazoned on the cultural psyche.
"Thank you for showing us the world as you saw it, Bruce Brown," Kelly Slater, 11-time world champion surfer, said in an Instagram post Monday. "There are never enough words to say goodbye properly."
Brown, who took up surfing in the early 1950s, had made five other documentaries about the sport before "Endless Summer," including 1958's "Slippery When Wet" and 1960's "Barefoot Adventure."
Like all the others it was shot on a tiny budget with Brown performing nearly every duty, from camera man to narrator.
The film follows two surfers, Robert August and Mike Hynson, as they hop hemispheres to constantly surf wherever it is summer, from Hawaii to Australia to South Africa to Senegal.
Surfers considered Brown a peer who just happened to carry a camera instead of a board. He shot the film loosely and casually and the style proved infectious when the public saw the movie.
"I never had formal training in filmmaking, and that probably worked to my advantage," Brown said in a 2004 interview for his film company's website.
The trio's charisma and — the film's natural beauty — made it an unlikely hit.
"The beautiful photography he brought home almost makes you wonder if Hollywood hasn't been trying too hard," Roger Ebert said in his 1967 review of the film in The Chicago Sun-Times.
The film inspired many surfers to leave their home beaches, drop out of their sedentary lives, and seek isolated places with bigger waves.
Some surfers blame Brown's film for turning their serene spots into forever crowded hotspots.
"A lot of people try to make me feel guilty about that," Brown said in the 2004 interview, "and while I'm sure 'Endless Summer' hurried it up, the sport was growing by leaps and bounds simply because it's so much fun. No one could have stopped it."
Brown went on to make many other documentaries, most notably the 1971 film "On Any Sunday," which gave the same treatment to motorcycle riding as "Endless Summer" did to surfing. A sequel, "On Any Sunday II," was released in 1981.
In 1994, he revisited his classic and made "The Endless Summer II" with his filmmaker son Dana Brown.
In 2009, he narrated a surfing-themed episode of "SpongeBob SquarePants" called "SpongeBob vs. The Big One."
Brown was born in San Francisco and raised in Long Beach.
He retired to a ranch near Santa Barbara, putting down the camera to ride motorcycles and surf.
Tickets are being snapped up quickly for the longest, continuous, inflatable obstacle course in the world which bounces into Sussex this weekend.
the 1,000ft long Labyrinth Challenge will be at Brighton Racecourse on Saturday and Sunday (August 19 and 20).
STOCKHOLM Swedish police have arrested a second person in relation to the deadly truck attack in the capital and a court has appointed the person a legal representative, a court official said on Sunday.
"Police have arrested a person and we have appointed a public defender," Helga Hullmann, judge at the Stockholm District Court said.
She said lawyer Johan Akerman was the legal council appointed.
Police arrested a 39-year-old Uzbek man on Saturday on suspicion he was the driver of the truck that killed 4 people and injured a further 15.
(Reporting by Stockholm newsroom)
OBITUARY: Former teammates and coaches remember Russian Olympic, world, EHF EURO champion and first EHF EURO top scorer, Vasily Kudinov, who passed away at the age of 47 on 11 February
"A great as player and person"
Vasily Kudinov was part of Russia's golden men's handball generation in the 1990s; a team that won gold at all levels: Olympic Games, World Championships and EHF EUROs.
Last Saturday, 11 February, Kudinov passed away one week prior to his 48th birthday in the Russian town of Astrakhan where he trained a local youth team.
Former teammates and coaches who have been part of Kudinov's career remember a person whose impact went beyond handball.
“We first played together in the Soviet Union's junior national team in 1987 and we became under 21 world champions in 1989,” says Vive Tauron Kielce head coach Talant Dujshebaev.
“Vasily was not only a great handball player; he was a man with a good and big heart, simply a great person.”
“Like no other, Vasily had a variety of incredible shots, you could not stop him. In his time, he was the best left back in the world.”
Always there when it mattered
Kudinov started his career at Astrakhan; then he played for US Ivry Handball in France as well for German sides Hameln and SC Magdeburg and eventually in Japan.
In 2004, he returned to Astrakhan where he ended his playing career. Besides coaching younger age category teams, he was also part of the coaching staff of the Russian junior national team.
THW Kiel head coach Alfred Gislason was the coach at Hameln and Magdeburg when Kudinov played for the two German clubs.
“Vasily was always there when it mattered. In crucial matches he showed his very best, and even when he was injured you could count on him,” says Gislason.
“His death is a tragic loss for the world of handball. Vasily had a great character, he was a funny guy.
“There were a rare number of players who could decide a match on their own, Vasily was one of them. And he was a true fighter.”
Steffen Stiebler was Kudinov's teammate at SC Magdeburg in the 2000/01 season. He remembers “Kudi” very well even though they only played together for one season.
“SC Magdeburg are very sad. Vasily made his mark on SCM's history on and off the court. He played a major role in his only season with us when we won the German championship and the EHF Cup,” says Stiebler, a former German international and currently SC Magdeburg's sports director.
No words needed
Despite the long list of trophies he collected on club level, Kudinov was even more successful with the national team.
In 1994, he became the first top scorer at an EHF EURO event when Russia won silver. Two years later, he was part of the team that won the EHF EURO 1996 under the guidance of head coach Vladimir Maximov.
With the former Soviet Union states team (EUN) he became Olympic champion in 1992, a feat he repeated with Russia in 2000. He also won the World Championship with Russia in 1993 and 1997.
One of his teammates back then was Dmitry Torgovanov who coaches the Russian men's national team these days.
“The news of his death was a shock for me and for Russian handball,” says Torgovanov.
“We played together for eleven years, from 1993 to 2004; his name is connected with the biggest successes of Russian handball.
“When we were on court, Vasily and I understood ourselves without saying a word. Vasily was a classic team player, someone who always put his teammates in the best possible position. He was a great as player and person.”
TEXT:
BRIEF-Xinhuanet to pay FY 2016 div
* Says it will distribute one new share for every share as stock dividends for FY 2016, to shareholders of record on June 21
Government considering independent animal commissioner after recent footage of mistreatment
The Green Party is also asking if CCTV surveillance on farms and slaughterhouses should be considered.
OHL Mexico to buyback shares after takeover bid
MEXICO CITY, June 14 OHL Mexico, a unit of Spanish construction group OHL, said it would launch a share buyback on Thursday, offering 27 pesos per share after agreeing to a takeover by IFM Global Infrastructure Fund, the company said on Wednesday.
UPDATE 1-Sky and Virgin Media join forces for targeted TV advertising
LONDON, June 15 British pay-TV rivals Sky and Liberty Global's Virgin Media will team up to offer advertisers access to more than 30 million TV viewers in Britain and Ireland.
(L-R) CFO David Mathers, CEO Tidjane Thiam and of the Board of Directors Chairman Urs Rohner of Swiss bank Credit Suisse attend the bank's annual shareholder meeting in Zurich, Switzerland April 28, 2017. REUTERS/Arnd Wiegmann
ZURICH Credit Suisse's (CSGN.S) top managers and board of directors were grilled by shareholders on Friday over the Swiss bank's decision to pay out millions in bonuses despite losing 2.7 billion Swiss francs (2.1 billion pounds) last year.
Unrest over pay packets at Switzerland's second-biggest bank had already pressured Credit Suisse's senior management team, led by Chief Executive Tidjane Thiam, to take a voluntary 40 percent bonus cut.
"Let's put an end to the robber barons!" investor activist Hans-Jacob Heitz urged shareholders at Credit Suisse's annual general meeting in which others also criticised the payouts.
At the meeting, shareholders were asked to vote on short-term bonuses for the executive management worth a total of 17 million francs.
The payouts were approved, but the level of support plummeted with 59.5 percent voting in favour against 81.5 percent in the corresponding vote last year.
Shareholders also backed the proposed board pay as well as fixed compensation and long-term bonuses for senior management by wider margins.
Investors in Swiss companies have veto power over executive and board compensation thanks to a referendum in 2013. A majority must vote against proposed compensation to block it.
TROUBLE IN THE PIPELINE
In a further sign of unrest over Credit Suisse's compensation policy -- criticised for an apparent disconnect between pay and performance -- 40 percent of voters opposed the 2016 compensation report, more than double the opposition at last year's AGM.
"It is my job to prevent such a low vote in future," Chairman Urs Rohner said after the vote.
Rohner, 57, went into the AGM facing calls to step down but was still comfortably re-elected to another one-year term as chairman with 90.6 percent of the vote, down only slightly from a year earlier.
"With a result of over 90 percent, I see myself supported by the trust from shareholders," Rohner said after the vote.
But he too felt the anger from investors who were unimpressed with management's claim that "legacy issues" from the previous leadership were behind back-to-back annual losses.
"You are the last remaining legacy issue," retail investor Charles Guggenheim told Rohner.
Activists from environment group Geenpeace interrupted the meeting during Thiam's speech by unfurling a banner from the ceiling protesting Credit Suisse's dealings with companies behind the controversial Dakota Access Pipeline.
"When I moved here, I was told that this was a very quiet, mountainous, stable nation," Thiam, who joined Credit Suisse from British insurer Prudential (PRU.L) in mid-2015, said to applause from investors.
"This is more excitement than I expected."
(Editing by Michael Shields and Edmund Blair)
LAGOS May 3 Nigeria's central bank plans to offer $150 million on the spot and forward markets on Wednesday, traders said, citing a notice from the regulator.
The central bank has been intervening on the currency market since February in a bid to boost dollar liquidity and narrow the spread between official and black market naira rates.
The regulator said it has suspended several lenders from its weekly dollar interventions after they made it difficult for small firms to access foreign exchange.
The naira on Wednesday closed at 306.25 on the spot window and the black market rate was quoted at 391 to the dollar. (Reporting by Oludare Mayowa; editing by Chijioke Ohuocha/Mark Heinrich)
AMSTERDAM (Reuters) - Philips Lighting (LIGHT.AS), the world's largest maker of lights, reported better-than-expected fourth-quarter core earnings on Friday, underpinned by cost cutting and lower research and development expenses.
Adjusted earnings before interest, taxes, and amortisation (EBITA) came in at 207 million euros (181.28 million pounds), the company said, compared with 188 million euros a year ago.
Analysts polled for Reuters had seen EBITA at 198 million euros.
The company's comparable sales were in line with expectations, up 3 percent at 1.98 billion euros.
“The firm's professional lighting business, which grew EBITA to 87 million euros from 46 million euros a year ago, was benefiting from growth in most regions,” CEO Eric Rondolat said.
In an outlook, Philips Lighting said it would target positive full-year sales growth, along with EBITA margins of 10 percent-10.5 percent.
In the fourth quarter, traditionally the company's strongest, comparable sales grew 3 percent to 1.89 billion euros at a margin of 10.9 percent.
Philips Lighting, which was spun out of Philips in 2016, said it would continue cutting costs and expected to benefit mostly in the second half of 2018 with “a soft start in the first quarter.”
While most geographies are expanding, the lights manufacturer continues to suffer from difficult market conditions in the Middle East, notably Saudi Arabia, the company said.
The company's free cash flow would remain positive but decline from 403 million euros in 2017, due to higher restructuring payments.
In the United States, where the company competes with Acuity Brands (AYI.N) Rondolat said, “we are not losing market share.”
Qatar central bank raises deposit rate 25 bps, keeps others unchanged
DOHA, June 15 Qatar's central bank said on Thursday it was raising its overnight deposit rate by 25 basis points to 1.50 percent, after the U.S. Federal Reserve raised rates by the same margin.
April 13 Macro Games SA:
* Starts talks with Big Blue Marble Inc. about setting terms of cooperation for production of PhantomSix game
* Game to be published in Feb. 2018, retail price on PC/MAC computers is set at $9.99
* Estimated sales of game on PC/MAC computers should amount to around 650,000 pieces within twelve months from release date Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
A ring binder with the German Reinsurer Munich Re logo is seen during the company's annual news conference in Munich, Germany March 15, 2017. REUTERS/Michaela Rehle
NEW YORK HSB Ventures Inc, the venture capital subsidiary of German reinsurer Munich Re, has led a $45 million investment in Trov, a U.S.-based technology startup that provides on-demand insurance.
Trov is one of a growing cohort of so-called insurtech companies looking to modernize the insurance market by taking advantage of new digital technologies. Large insurers are working with these young companies to improve their own digital products and services.
Japanese insurer Sompo Holdings Inc also joined the investment round led by Munich Re, bringing the total raised by Trov to $85 million, the startup said on Thursday.
Existing investors Oak HC/FT, Suncorp Group, Guidewire Software Inc and venture capital firm Anthemis participated in the latest round.
In addition to investing, Munich Re and Sompo will work with Trov as underwriting partners as the company expands into Europe, Asia and South Africa, according to the joint statement.
Currently available in the UK and Australia, Trov plans to launch in the United States by the end of 2017, where it had previously announced a partnership with Munich Re.
Trov enables users to buy insurance for specific products, for a specific amounts of time through their smartphones. Users can turn insurance on and off with a swipe and also file claims through the app.
While Trov sells the insurance, manages the payments and takes a percentage of the recurring premium, it relies on large insurers as partners for underwriting and much of the required regulatory licensing.
In turn its partners are able to tap a growing segment of digital-savvy customers that they have traditionally struggled to reach, said Scott Walcheck, Trov's CEO.
"It's an emerging [segment of] consumers that live their life on a super computer in their pocket," Walcheck said.
Insurtech startups have been developing new products and services ranging from devices that collect data on how a user drives, to systems to automate claims management.
Other large insurers, including Allianz and AXA, have venture funds that back startups.
(Reporting by Anna Irrera; Editing by Andrew Hay)
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The big team news from The Hawthorns this afternoon is that Daniel Sturridge makes his first West Brom start - and former Southampton striker Jay Rodriguez drops to the bench.
Alan Pardew has made three changes to his side for the visit of Southampton, following Wednesday night's 3-0 defeat at runaway leaders Manchester City.
One of those was enforced - Grzegorz Krychowiak revealed before the match via his Twitter account that he'd be unavailable after being on the receiving end of a stamp by Fernandinho at the Etihad Stadium.
“Without me today, come on you Baggies, we need 3 points,” he tweeted.
Elsewhere, Ali Gabr is in attendance at The Hawthorns, though is still getting up to speed following his January move on loan from Zamalek and won't be involved.
Midfield pair Chris Brunt and Gareth Barry return to the starting XI, while Allan Nyom and Gareth McAuley feature again with Jonny Evans and Kieran Gibbs still out.
As for the visitors, they give a first start to £19m signing Guido Carrillo,
TEAMS IN FULL
Albion - Foster; Dawson, McAuley, Hegazi, Nyom; Brunt, Barry, Yacob, Phillips; Rondon, Sturridge
Subs : Myhill, Jameson, Field, Burke, McClean, Harper, Rodriguez
Saints - McCarthy; Cedric, Stephens, Hoedt, Bertrand; Lemina, Romeu, Ward-Prowse, Boufal, Tadic; Carrillo
Subs : Forster, Yoshida, Davis, Hojberg, Redmond, Gabbiadini, Long
Don't get stranded mid-hunting season!
Hunting season is in full swing, and Sportsman's Warehouse will meet your every hunting need.
Stop by our store and our friendly staff will make sure you are prepared for the outdoors.
Shop till the birds drop at Sportsman's Warehouse!
Awesome savings on:
Major guns and ammo sale!
Rascal bolt-action rifles
Sleeping bags & tents
Honda Generators
Camouflage clothing & boots
Garmin GPS with camera
Camping supplies
Scopes and binoculars
Browning Gun Safe
Much, much more!
Sportsman's Warehouse will keep you on the trail this hunting season with everything you'll need and more!
.
No rainchecks • No layaway on sale items • Limited to stock on hand • Not all items and selection available in all stores • We reserve the right to limit quantities Some products may not be available or sold to all customers due to federal, state and local law • Some items available in store only • No other discounts apply No Dealer Sales • We reserve the right to correct typos or printing errors • Shop www.SportsmansWarehouse.com
.
Follow us on Facebook here.
Paid Advertisement - This post was paid for by the business or individual represented above. We reserve the right to remove any comments. If you'd like to advertise your business in a future promotion similar to this, call our Advertising Team at 307-922-0700 or send us a message.
* James Bond carmaker wins over bond investors
* Pitches turnaround story based on new models
* Adjustments to earnings numbers in focus
By Robert Smith
LONDON, March 31 (IFR) - Aston Martin is set to successfully raise public debt for the first time in five years, winning over yield-hungry investors with a turnaround plan that promises to turn its cashflow positive.
The UK carmaker, famous for its connection to the James Bond film franchise, has pitched to bond buyers that its recent launch of its first new model in years will dramatically bolster earnings - guiding for £160-£165m of Ebitda this year, up from £101m last year and just £61m in 2015.
And a strong reception has set the company up to price a £550m-equivalent five-year non-call two senior secured bonds later on Friday, having upped the size of the B3/B- rated deal by £20m on the back of demand.
A US$400m tranche will price at 6.50% yield and a £230m piece is at 5.75%, tighter than earlier price indications from the deal's global coordinators JP Morgan, Deutsche Bank and Goldman Sachs.
"They're selling the dream and people are buying it," said one banker. "It's a fundamentally interesting brand with a very capable management team, so there's definitely upside. But they've guided some pretty big numbers, and if they don't hit, there's even more potential downside."
Aston Martin's bonds are attractive to investors starved of higher yielding debt, particularly in Europe, where the strength of demand for leveraged loans has dramatically dented Single B rated bond supply.
But for the company it represents a big step down in interest costs, given that it is refinancing high-coupon legacy debt - a £304m 9.25% 2018 senior secured note and a privately placed US$165m 10.25% 2018 PIK note at a holding company.
PIK toggle notes allow companies to make interest payments with additional debt if they are short of cash, meaning the size of the debt can balloon if not tackled quickly.
TURNAROUND TIME
The carmaker has had a chequered history in the bond market, with financial distress at its former principal owner, Kuwaiti fund The Investment Dar (TID), sparking liquidity concerns.
The senior secured bonds it is refinancing see-sawed in the secondary market in the months after they were issued in June 2011. Just six months later, in December 2011, they plummeted to a cash price of 61, following weak results and downgrades by both Moody's and S&P.
Italian private equity firm InvestIndustrial purchased a 37.7% stake the following year, and new investment has allowed Aston Martin to launch its first new sports car models in years - delivering the new DB11 in the final quarter of 2016.
"The problem these guys used to have been that their shareholders didn't have any capital to invest in the business and new model introduction slowed to a crawl," said a second banker, who was close to the deal. "That's over now."
InvestIndustrial also has further incentive to make sure its new product line delivers, as its owns 75% of Aston Martin's preference shares. These shares have warrants attached and rights to accruing preferential dividends.
And Daimler owns a 4.92% non-voting stake in the company, that accompanies the German carmaker's agreement to provide electrical systems for Aston Martin's cars.
SIGNIFICANT ADJUSTMENTS TO EARNINGS
While the new bond deal saw a strong reception from investors, some flagged its extensive use of adjusted numbers to calculate its key financial metrics.
While Aston Martin posted £101m Ebitda last year, the company has used the £115m Ebitda reported in the last 12 months to February as the bond's base number. This is unusual, as February is not the final month in a quarterly reporting period, so the earnings for the first two months this year have not been independently audited.
On top of this, Aston Martin then made pro forma adjustments to take this figure up to £161m, by predicting the Ebitda it expects to realise from car orders that are in production. On this basis, the company will have 2.5x net debt to Ebitda, a rather more flattering multiple than the 4x net leverage from 2016's £101m earnings number.
"The pro forma is very pro forma and could look a bit iffy, but I do understand why they are doing it," said one investor. "Full-year guidance was £160-£165m, so if you don't believe they can do that, you shouldn't buy the deal anyway."
The banker close to the deal said that management also guided investors that the company will become free cashflow positive next year, as its capex spend "will peak this year".
The investor said that even at 2.5x, however, leverage was still too high to be sustainable in the long term for "any car company".
"Ultimately, they have enough gearing in the business to not need more on top," he said. "You can argue that luxury carmakers command very high valuations, so it makes sense to have some leverage. But Aston Martin is still on the wrong side of that." (Reporting by Robert Smith; Editing by Alex Chambers and Philip Wright)
April 12 Belo Sun Mining Corp
* Belo Sun receives interim suspension order related to the construction licence for the Volta Grande Project
* Construction licence is to be suspended until indigenous study has been approved by Funai
* Company believes that following a review of previously completed indigenous study, Court will reconsider their position Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
$11.77 per week *
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $11.77 per week.
You will be billed $66.30 per month after the trial ends
TOKYO, April 28 Nippon Steel & Sumitomo Metal Corp, Japan's biggest steelmaker, said on Friday its recurring profit slid 13 percent for the year ended March as higher prices for coking coal, a vital steelmaking ingredient, a bit into profit margins.
The world's third-largest steelmaker said in a statement that recurring profit - pre-tax earnings before one-off items - declined to 174.5 billion yen ($1.6 billion) from 200.9 billion yen the previous fiscal year. That was well above its own earlier estimate of 130 billion yen, and beat a consensus estimate of 145.9 billion yen among 14 analysts surveyed by Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S.
The firm didn't issue a profit forecast for the current fiscal year that ends on March 31, 2018.
($1 = 111.1300 yen) (Reporting by Yuka Obayashi and Aaron Sheldrick; Editing by Kenneth Maxwell)
Which robot do you find easier to like. You might think a robot would be more likely to win people over if it were good at its job. But according to a recent study, people find imperfect robots more likable.
In previous studies, researchers noticed that human subjects reacted differently to robots that made unplanned errors in their tasks, livescience.com wrote.
For their new investigation, the study authors programmed a small, humanoid robot to deliberately make mistakes so the scientists could learn more about how that fallibility affected the way people responded to the bots.
They also wanted to see how these social cues might provide opportunities for robots to learn from their experiences.
The researchers found that people liked the error-prone robot more than the error-free one, and that they responded to the robot's mistakes with social signals that robots could possibly be trained to recognize, in order to modify future behavior.
For the study, 45 human subjects — 25 men and 20 women — were paired with a robot that was programmed to perform two tasks: Ask interview questions, and direct several simple Lego brick assemblies.
For 24 of the users, the robot behaved flawlessly. It posed questions and waited for their responses, and then instructed them to sort the Lego bricks and build towers, bridges and ‘something creative', ending the exercise by having the person arrange Legos into a facial expression to show a current emotional state, according to the study.
But for 21 people in the study, the robot's performance was less than stellar.
Some of the mistakes were technical glitches, such as failing to grasp Lego bricks or repeating a question six times.
And some of the mistakes were so-called ‘social norm violations', such as interrupting while their human partner was answering a question or telling them to throw the Lego bricks on the floor.
The scientists observed the interactions from a nearby station. They tracked how people reacted when the robots made a mistake, gauging their head and body movements, their expressions, the angle of their gaze, and whether they laughed, smiled or said something in response to the error.
After the tasks were done, they gave participants a questionnaire to rate how much they liked the robot and how smart and human-like they thought it was, on a scale from one to five.
The researchers found that the participants responded more positively to the bumbling robot in their behavior and body language, and they said they liked it significantly more than the people liked the robot that made no mistakes at all.
However, the subjects who found the error-prone robot more likable didn't see it as more intelligent or more human-like than the robot that made fewer mistakes, the researchers found.
Their results suggest that robots in social settings would probably benefit from small imperfections; if that makes the bots more likable, the robots could possibly be more successful in tasks meant to serve people.
And by understanding how people respond when robots make mistakes, programers can develop ways for robots to read those social cues and learn from them, and thereby avoid making problematic mistakes in the future, the scientists added.
Future research should be targeted at making a robot understand the signals and make sense of them, the researchers wrote in the study.
They concluded, "A robot that can understand its human interaction partner's social signals will be a better interaction partner itself, and the overall user experience will improve.”
Soccer-De Biasi quits as Albania coach, says his cycle over
TIRANA, June 14 Albania coach Gianni De Biasi resigned on Wednesday after six years in charge during which he led them to Euro 2016, their first and only appearance at a major tournament.
Bank of Japan (BOJ) Governor Haruhiko Kuroda attends a news conference at the BOJ headquarters in Tokyo, Japan April 27, 2017. REUTERS/Kim Kyung-Hoon
YOKOHAMA, Japan Bank of Japan Governor Haruhiko Kuroda welcomed on Tuesday the expansion of China-led Asian Infrastructure Investment Bank as positive for the regional economy, urging multinational lenders to cooperate in meeting Asia's fast-growing infrastructure needs.
"Infrastructure needs are huge and it's simply not possible for the Asian Development Bank and the World Bank to fill the gap completely," Kuroda, who was formerly head of the ADB, told a seminar hosted by an ADB-affiliated think tank.
He said healthy competition from Chinese, Indian and Japanese initiatives could be positive for improving infrastructure and boosting economic growth.
Kuroda's remarks are the strongest endorsement to date by a Japanese policymaker for the growing presence of AIIB, which some in Tokyo see as a vehicle to boost China's regional clout.
They also come ahead of the ADB's 50th annual meeting in Yokohama, eastern Japan, at the weekend, where its 67 members are set to seek ways to differentiate the ADB from rival lenders such as the AIIB.
The AIIB has been viewed as a rival to the Western-dominated World Bank and the ADB, which is jointly led by the United States and Japan. The United States initially opposed the AIIB's creation and is not a member, but many U.S. allies, including Canada, Britain, Germany, Australia and South Korea have joined.
HEALTHY COMPETITION
Japan, following Washington's lead under then-U.S. President Barack Obama, did not join the AIIB as well, partly from concern it would conflict with the ADB, the Manila-based institution dominated by Japan and the United States.
But Kuroda said the establishment of AIIB and the fact it attracted many members were a "good" thing as they help meet rapidly increasing infrastructure-funding needs in the region.
"The ADB has promoted regional cooperation in Asia. It also tried to link regional initiatives with each other. That is the way we should go forward, rather than making a single Asia program or an Asia initiative," he said.
"The realistic way is to promote regional initiatives and link them with each other."
Kuroda also urged politicians to contain geopolitical conflicts which were "not good for anyone."
The ADB, founded in 1966, has by convention been headed by Japanese financial bureaucrats including Kuroda and current president Takehiko Nakao.
Vying for influence in the region, China created AIIB in 2015 which now has 70 members including countries awaiting ratification, exceeding those of the ADB.
On the surface, the two lenders have cooperated, co-financing several projects under a 2016 agreement that set the stage for joint funding.
But many Japanese officials, including premier Shinzo Abe's aides, are cautious of the AIIB - taking the view that it serves as a vehicle to fund China's global leadership ambitions.
A week after the ADB gathering, leaders from 28 nations will attend China's New Silk Road summit aimed at expanding links between Asia, Africa and Europe - underpinned by billions of dollars in infrastructure investment.
(Reporting by Leika Kihara; Editing by Chris Gallagher and Sam Holmes)
FILE PHOTO: Iranian President Hassan Rouhani takes part in a news conference near the United Nations General Assembly in the Manhattan borough of New York, U.S., September 22, 2016. REUTERS/Lucas Jackson/File Photo
FILE PHOTO: Head of the Iranian Atomic Energy Organization Ali Akbar Salehi attends the lecture 'Iran after the agreement: Hopes & Concerns' in Vienna, Austria, September 28, 2016. REUTERS/Leonhard Foeger
Iran's Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei speaks during a meeting with Iranian officials and ambassadors of Islamic countries, in Tehran, Iran, April 25, 2017. Leader.ir/Handout via REUTERS
TEHRAN Wary of U.S. President Donald Trump's tough talk on Iran, the European Union is courting Tehran to show Iranians preparing to vote in a May 19 presidential poll that it is committed to a nuclear deal and they stand to benefit, EU diplomats say.
Europe's energy commissioner is leading more than 50 European firms in a business forum in Tehran over the weekend - the latest bid to foster new ties in the 16 months since Iran curbed its nuclear programme in exchange for sanctions relief.
Of the six major powers who engineered the deal - the United States, Britain, France, Germany, China and Russia - EU nations bore the brunt of the oil embargo on Iran and stand to gain the most from a thaw they view as a victory for European diplomacy.
Meeting with Iran's atomic chief Ali Akbar Salehi, Commissioner Miguel Arias-Canete echoed the EU's mantra that it is "fully committed" to the 2015 deal and expects the same from all other parties.
But the bloc's leverage remains limited - particularly if it is not able to shield European firms from the risk of remaining U.S. sanctions and encourage big banks to reverse over a decade of Iran's exclusion from the international financial system.
The latter was a theme of another big conference in Tehran on Saturday attended by Germany and Iran's central banks.
Some Western companies have returned - planemakers Airbus (AIR.PA) and Boeing (BA.N) and carmakers Peugeot–Citroen (PEUP.PA) and Renault (RENA.PA) - but many more have hung back, fearing Trump will tighten the screws on an already complex set of rules for engaging with Iran.
The pace and scale of Western investment is at the heart of a challenge by hardline rivals of pragmatist President Hassan Rouhani, who is seeking re-election in May.
Iran's ultimate authority, Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei and his loyalists have criticized Rouhani's policy of rapprochement with the West, arguing the 2015 nuclear accord had not yielded the benefits he promised.
"He needs more time... He has to be given a chance," Iran's vice president, Masoumeh Ebtekar, told Reuters in an interview.
"There is a lot of enthusiasm about working with Iran now and ... I hope that the American administration wakes up to these realities," she added.
The Trump administration said on April 18 it was launching an inter-agency review of whether the lifting of sanctions against Iran was in the United States' national security interests, while acknowledging that Tehran was complying with the deal to rein in its nuclear programme.
CONFRONTATION RISK
EU diplomats voiced concern that a more confrontational stance by the Trump administration could empower Iran's hardliners ahead of the elections - although there is no sign the United States intends to walk away from the deal.
EU diplomats say they share U.S. concerns over Iran's human rights record, its ballistic missiles tests, its funding of blacklisted militant groups and its support for Syrian President Bashar al-Assad.
"We disagree that we have to address these issues by ditching the (nuclear) deal," one EU diplomat told Reuters. "This will only empower those (in Iran) with a more confrontational stance - bring out the worst in the system."
For now, Iranian leaders have kept their cool, with Salehi saying Iran will only take "reciprocal action" if the U.S. is found in breach of the deal - leaving EU diplomats caught in a balancing act between the two long-time rivals.
In recent months, European leaders have been frequent visitors to Tehran with businessmen in tow - in an effort to keep alive the 2015 accord, which also has the support of Russia and China, rivals for influence in the Islamic Republic.
The bloc's trade with Iran has partially recovered - much of that due to oil exports from Iran in what one EU official called "a direct incentive to stick to the deal".
The International Monetary Fund this year applauded Iran's "impressive recovery", with growth expected over 6 percent for the last 12 months and low inflation - a record that Rouhani has been keen to defend.
But the hoped-for a boom since the EU and United Nations sanctions over Iran's nuclear program were lifted a year ago has been hampered by separate U.S. measures in place over Iran's missile program.
"The Europeans want to at least create the optical impression they are politically invested in this deal working," said Ellie Geranmayeh of the European Council on Foreign Relations. "Even if from a commercial perspective, companies are essentially on hold."
The risk of falling afoul of U.S. measures has been enough to persuade major Western banks to stay away from Iran, and Tehran accuses Washington of undermining the nuclear deal by scaring investors away from Iran.
While acknowledging domestic criticism, Salehi told reporters Tehran will remain committed to the deal regardless of the outcome of next month's vote.
There are also signs that the EU's firm stance has given U.S. officials pause, with senators saying they delayed a bill to slap new sanctions on Iran due to worries over how the bloc would react and the Iranian presidential elections.
(Writing by Parisa Hafezi; Editing by Philippa Fletcher)
Manx rider Dan Kneen rounded off an excellent Easter schedule at the Irish short circuit races at Kirkistown in Co Down.
Kneen set the ball rolling on Saturday with a race win and a runner-up finish on his DTR BMW Superstock machine at Bishopscourt, where he won the Enkalon Trophy for the very first time.
The 29-year-old was back in action again at the Belfast and District Club's traditional Easter Monday meeting on the Ards Peninsula and Kneen delivered the goods once more on his S1000RR, which is the same machine he will ride this season at the international road races.
The Manxman, who missed the North West 200 and Isle of Man TT last season through injury, was a comfortable winner in the Superbike class as he opened his account in the first race from Charles Stuart on his Yamaha R1, with Mark Glasgow completing the rostrum places.
Kneen also prevailed to win the feature Mayor's Trophy, which he received from Alderman Deborah Girvan, Mayor of Ards and North Down Borough Council.
Once again he beat Stuart and Glasgow to wrap up a double by four seconds and it was just rewards for the unassuming Isle of Man rider, who twice finished as the runner-up at the corresponding meeting in 2016 behind Ryan Rainey on the IFS Yamaha, who has since retired from racing.
The 2014 Irish Superbike road racing champion is now preparing to test the Penz13.com BMW Superbike he will race at the North West, TT and Ulster Grand Prix in 2017 this weekend.
Kneen, who rode for Northern Ireland team Mar-Train Racing last season, said he would have raced at the Around-A-Pound Tandragee 100 if the first Irish National roads meeting of 2017 had not clashed with the three-day test at the Autodrom Most circuit in the Czech Republic.
“I'd love to have been at Tandragee but I've got a three-day test with the Penz guys to ride the BMW Superbike,” Kneen told the News Letter.
“It'll be the first time I've rode the bike and it'll be interesting to see how it compares to the Superstock bike.
“It's difficult for them to get over here to arrange a test so I'm heading over to Most. I've never been there before, so it'll be interesting to see what it's like.”
Kneen, who won the feature race last year at Tandragee, is still on the lookout for a Supersport machine for the season ahead.
“I don't have anything yet in terms of a 600. There doesn't seem to be much out there. I've spoken to a few people, but nothing has come up yet and we'll just have to wait and see what happens.”
Kneen was left without a ride when Mar-Train Racing made the shock announcement in December that the team was calling time on its involvement in the sport.
Meanwhile, Korie McGreevy won both Supersport races at Kirkistown.
In the opener, McGreevy had the edge over Irish champion Jason Lynn, with Aaron Armstrong taking third.
In another close second race, McGreevy made it a double with a hard-fought win over Lynn, with Ross Patterson coming through for third.
(Repeats to cover additional alerts)
March 31 Trelleborg AB, Hexpol
* Trelleborg sells compounding operation in the Czech Republic to Hexpol
* Says transaction is expected to result in a book capital gain of approximately SEK 450 m after tax.
* Says divested operation, which had annual external sales of approximately SEK 300 m in 2016 and profitability in line with level for Trelleborg, will be deconsolidated on March 31, 2017
* Hexpol says acquisition price is estimated to approximately 65 MEUR on a cash and debt free basis and has been funded by a combination of cash and existing bank facilities Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Stockholm Newsroom)
New U.S. funds would mimic ADRs but cut currency risk -filing
NEW YORK, June 14 An investment company is planning to offer a novel kind of fund that would offer U.S. investors direct access to foreign stocks, while tamping down the risk of currency declines, regulatory filings showed on Wednesday.
French oil services firm CGG files for bankruptcy
PARIS, June 14 French oil services firm CGG said on Wednesday it had filed for bankruptcy in France and the United States as part of financial restructuring to reduce its debt burden.
Clothes are displayed in a Lululemon Athletica retail store in New York, U.S., March 30, 2017. REUTERS/Brendan McDermid
Clothes are displayed in a Lululemon Athletica retail store in New York, U.S., March 30, 2017. REUTERS/Brendan McDermid
People walk past a store by yogawear retailer Lululemon Athletica in New York City, U.S., March 30, 2017. REUTERS/Brendan McDermid
Shares of Lululemon Athletica Inc (LULU.O) were set for their biggest one-day percentage loss in more than eight years on Thursday, after the Canadian yogawear apparel maker warned that first-quarter sales would fall.
Lululemon shares tumbled more than 23 percent to $51, their lowest level since December 2015, after brokerages slashed their price targets and ratings.
The company's holiday sales were stronger than for many other retailers, and investors had been optimistic heading into Wednesday's after-hours release of Lululemon's fourth-quarter results, with shares closing 4 percent higher.
But analysts and investors were surprised by the "sudden collapse" in Lululemon's post-holiday sales, as executives said they expected the company's first same-store sales decline in 28 quarters, or since 2009.
Lululemon executives said on Wednesday its apparel on offer for the current quarter had so far failed to excite shoppers who sought the depth and colour demanded by spring fashion, resulting in weaker sales, both online and at stores.
The Vancouver-based retailer, which popularized "athleisure", faces relentless competition from Under Armour (UAA.N), Nike (NKE.N) and a multitude of other companies selling cheaper gym-wear.
"Their fourth-quarter results uncovered several issues that are likely to create an overhang on the stock for the foreseeable future," said Wells Fargo analyst Ike Boruchow, who downgraded the stock to "market perform" from "outperform".
"While disappointing, we're comforted that the miss was partly self-inflicted," RBC Capital Markets analyst Brian Tunick wrote in a note. "Quality of sales continues, inventory is controlled ... and efforts are underway to address product/traffic issues."
Some analysts noted that the outlook overshadowed promising new initiatives, including a loyalty programme, improved online and mobile capabilities, and its first global marketing campaign.
Citi lowered its recommendation to "neutral" from "buy" and Susquehanna cut its rating to "neutral" from "positive".
Lululemon stock was the biggest percentage loser on the Nasdaq on Thursday, putting the shares firmly into negative territory for the year.
The company's shares were also the most actively traded on the Nasdaq with over 31 million shares changing hands.
(Reporting by Solarina Ho in Toronto and Anya George Tharakan in Bengaluru; Editing by Bernadette Baum and Sai Sachin Ravikumar)
Media Contact
Andrew Laing
Agency 33
(303) 894-3130
***@agency33.com Andrew LaingAgency 33(303) 894-3130
End
-- Moye White LLP announced that Rachel Yeates has joined the Denver law firm's Trial Section as an associate.Yeates was previously an associate at Hall & Evans in Denver, where she developed and implemented end-to-end litigation strategies, and tried cases in the Office of Administrative Courts. She also managed multiple projects and worked in a variety of practice areas, including business disputes, medical malpractice, professional malpractice, tort litigation and appeals.Prior to that, Yeates worked as a law clerk in a variety of offices including Colorado's 20th Judicial, District Attorney's Office; Colorado Attorney General's DNA Justice Review Project; the Colorado Attorney General's Appellate Division; and Lee + Kinder, LLC.Yeates is a 2012 graduate of the University of Denver's Sturm College of Law, where she was a member of the Student Trial Lawyers Association, a copy editor of The Writ, the Sturm College of Law student newspaper and vice president of communications for the DU Law Ambassadors.She received a B.A. in English from the University of Texas at Austin.Yeates is a member of the Minoru Yasui Inn of Court. She is active in community affairs and is a board member and membership chair of the Colorado Symphony Remix Program for Young Professionals. Yeates is also a member of Inside OC, Opera Colorado's Young Professionals Club, and of World Denver, whose mission is to strengthen and expand the community of engaged global citizens and organizations in Colorado.In her spare time, Yeates enjoys international travel and studying nineteenth century literature and military history.About Moye White LLPMoye White LLP is a business law firm serving clients throughout Colorado, North Dakota, the Rocky Mountain West, nationally and internationally. Moye White provides legal representation across a wide variety of transactional and litigation matters. The firm's attorneys offer strategic, team-oriented counsel to public, private and governmental clients in complex business and real estate transactions and disputes. As a Certified B Corporation, Moye White meets rigorous standards of social and environmental performance, transparency and accountability. Moye White is a member of Ally Law, providing its clients with a reliable network of corporate law firms around the world. For more information, please visit http://www.moyewhite.com or contact Managing Partner Thomas List, at 303-292-2900 or tom.list@moyewhite.com.
By Krishna V Kurup April 3 Southeast Asian stocks ended in positive territory on Monday, with Indonesia hitting a record high on better-than-expected earnings for the quarter ended March. Indonesian shares rose as much as 0.9 percent, hitting their highest level during the session, with consumer stocks accounting for nearly half the gains on the index. The better-than-expected earnings for the quarter ended March are "providing support to the index," said Harry Su, an analyst with Jakarta-based Bahana Securities. The country also saw its annual inflation rate easing to 3.61 percent in March, against expectations for it to stay steady near the previous month's 3.83 percent. Conglomerate Astra International Tbk Pt rose 1.7 percent, while PT Unilever Indonesia Tbk ended 1.3 percent higher. Broader Asian markets were also off to a good second-quarter start, with MSCI's broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan up 0.4 percent, by 0940 GMT. Markets in the region continued their rally in March, after the U.S. Federal Reserve signaled a gradual pace of monetary tightening at its March 14–15 meeting. tmsnrt.rs/2o1qtAN Investors are also looking out for U.S. payroll data due on Friday and U.S. President Donald Trump's first meeting with counterpart Xi Jinping on Thursday and Friday. Philippine shares finished 0.4 percent higher. Real estate stocks and financials led the gainers, with property developer SM Prime Holdings rising 1.41 percent, while Bank of the Philippine Islands closed up 2.3 percent. Thailand and Singapore closed up 0.4 percent each, while Vietnam ended flat. For Asian Companies click; SOUTHEAST ASIAN STOCK MARKETS: Change on day Market Current Prev close Pct Move Singapore 3187.51 3175.11 0.39 Bangkok 1580.86 1575.11 0.37 Manila 7341.65 7311.72 0.41 Jakarta 5606.789 5568.106 0.69 Kuala Lumpur 1745.49 1740.09 0.31 Ho Chi Minh 722.38 722.31 0.01 Change on year Market Current End 2016 Pct Move Singapore 3187.51 2880.76 10.65 Bangkok 1580.86 1542.94 2.46 Manila 7341.65 6840.64 7.30 Jakarta 5606.789 5296.711 5.85 Kuala Lumpur 1745.49 1641.73 6.32 Ho Chi Minh 722.38 664.87 8.60 (Reporting by Krishna V Kurup in Bengaluru; Editing by Sunil Nair)
April 28 Wesco Aircraft Holdings Inc-
* Wesco Aircraft names Todd Renehan CEO and Alex Murray president and COO; David J. Castagnola retires
* Renehan also has been appointed to board of directors as a class i director
* Wesco Aircraft Holdings Inc sees q2 net sales of $364.6 million
* Sees Q2 adjusted earnings per share $0.21
* Wesco Aircraft Holdings Inc - preliminary financial information for fiscal 2017 q2 net income of $17.4 million, or $0.18 per diluted share
* Q2 earnings per share view $0.26, revenue view $377.1 million -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
March 31 Koovs Plc
* Announces its strategy to expand into additional high potential markets in Asia-Pacific and Middle East Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
PORTLAND — Natural gas utility Unitil expects to reach the midpoint of a 14-year modernization of the city's gas infrastructure this summer.
The utility will begin gas main replacements this week on Stevens Avenue, between Crosby Street and Pleasant Avenue, it said in a press release.
In early summer, Unitil plans to replace mains on Ocean Avenue between George and Codman streets. In all, more than three miles of mains will be upgraded this year.
Plans also call for the permanent removal of a a temporary regulator station on Irving Street at Ocean Avenue.
U.S. President Donald Trump waves as he boards Air Force One at Joint Base Andrews outside Washington, U.S., before traveling to Palm Beach, Florida for the Good Friday holiday/Easter weekend, April 13, 2017. REUTERS/Yuri Gripas
WASHINGTON President Donald Trump on Thursday signed a resolution that will allow U.S. states to restrict how federal funds for contraception and reproductive health are spent, a move cheered by anti-abortion campaigners.
"This is a major pro-life victory," said the most powerful Republican in the House of Representatives, Speaker Paul Ryan, adding that a regulation enacted under Democratic former President Barack Obama had forced states to fund Planned Parenthood, a national non-profit that provides contraception, health screenings, and abortions.
Under the Congressional Review Act, which allows lawmakers to repeal newly minted rules, both the House and Senate had passed a resolution killing Obama's regulation that had protected federal grants for clinics in states wanting to block the funding.
States such as Texas in recent years have kept the grants from going to clinics as part of the country's longstanding fight over abortion. Broadly, many Republicans seek to restrict abortion or make it illegal while Democrats have fought to keep abortion legal.
The resolution had narrowly passed the U.S. Congress, with Vice President Mike Pence called to the Senate on March 30 to break a tie vote in the chamber, where Republicans hold a slim majority. The federal government can never again create a "substantially similar" regulation under the review law.
The grants, known as "Title X" funds, were already barred from going directly to abortion services but under the now-null regulation Planned Parenthood clinics were assured they could receive money even in the face of state objections.
"Allowing states to withhold Title X funding from family planning clinics won't make anyone safer or healthier – it will instead place essential services out of reach," said Diane Horvath-Cosper, a medical doctor and fellow at Physicians for Reproductive Health, adding that for many people the clinics are the only place where they can receive affordable health services such as disease testing.
(Reporting by Lisa Lambert; Editing by Frances Kerry)
Traders work at their desks in front of the German share price index, DAX board, at the stock exchange in Frankfurt, Germany, March 27, 2017. REUTERS/Staff/Remote
LONDON European investors have cut British equity holdings to nearly seven-year lows and cut their exposure to UK bonds amid growing concern over the ramifications of Brexit and the impact of a possible Scottish secession on the economy and currency.
In contrast, participants in a Reuters monthly survey of 14 European asset managers were increasingly bullish on continental European stocks, as data signals a steady recovery in growth and authorities prepare to start unwinding ultra-easy monetary policy.
The poll was conducted between March 16 and March 30, leading up to and encompassing the formal start of Britain's exit proceedings from the European Union on March 29.
The UK economy is likely to be severely tested during the two-year long process. In the nine months since the Brexit vote, sterling has fallen 17 percent against the dollar, while Scotland has renewed its bid for an independence referendum.
"Even without any Scottish secession from the UK ... Brexit itself is uncharted territory," said Bank J Safra Sarasin asset allocation strategist Jan Bopp.
Funds cut average UK equity allocations to 4.7 percent, down 3 percentage points from February and the lowest since May 2010, the poll showed. Holdings of British bonds almost halved from February to 1.4 percent of bond portfolios, the lowest since November 2016.
Almost a third of those who replied to an extra question on the subject said they would cut exposure to the UK in the event of a Scottish secession.
"A Scottish referendum and secession would complicate significantly the internal political backdrop in the UK and would weaken the negotiating stance with EU," said Pioneer Investments' Head of Multi-Asset Investments, Matteo Germano.
FAVOURING EUROPE
While Germano warned of the risk of Brexit-related volatility spreading to Europe, he and most other investors saw euro zone equities as attractive.
European stocks are approaching a 1-1/2-year high while purchasing managers' surveys imply the bloc's economy grew by 0.6 percent in the first quarter - potentially matching the pace seen in early-2011.
Poll participants raised euro zone equity allocations to an eight-month high of 35.1 percent.
"We continue to believe that the European recovery story is, finally, gathering momentum. While geopolitical risks are clearly high ahead of major elections in a number of core euro zone countries, we see these risks as well flagged and ... already reflected in valuations," said UBS Asset Management strategist Boris Willems.
The growth picture is putting pressure on the European Central Bank to start rolling back its stimulus policy, comprising zero to negative interest rates and asset buying. More than half the fund managers expect the ECB to raise rates for the first time in 2018.
Markets have largely shrugged off this month's 25 basis point interest rate rise by the U.S. Federal Reserve, but rising inflation, a recovery in economic growth and the prospect of more policy tightening are all contributing to a general pull-back from government bonds.
While the share of bonds in global portfolios dipped a touch to 39.8 percent, government bond holdings slipped to 41.6 percent, the lowest since May 2011.
There was also some disenchantment with global equities, with their weight in global balanced portfolios falling to the lowest since November. U.S. equities were also cut by about one percentage point.
World stocks are up 6.6 percent this year but have come off record highs on concerns that U.S. President Donald Trump will not be able to implement planned tax cuts and stimulus that had spurred the rally.
Wall Street appears set for a small loss in March after four months of gains.
Robeco strategist Peter van der Welle said he was neutral on equities, noting: "We feel reluctant at this point to chase the market, especially now cracks in the Trump trade become apparent."
(Additional reporting by Claire Milhench in London and Maria Pia Quaglia Regondi in Milan; Editing by Louise Ireland)
BEIJING, April 28 Toshiba Corp's Westinghouse Electric Co unit will continue operating normally despite the ongoing Chapter 11 restructuring, an executive at the troubled company said on Friday.
Gavin Liu, Westinghouse's president for Asia, said at an industry event the firm's operations in Asia and Europe are not affected by the Chapter 11 filing made last month due to billions of dollars of cost overruns at four nuclear reactors under construction in the United States.
He said the firm will continue existing projects in China and pursue other projects. (Reporting by David Stanway; Editing by Kim Coghill)
CHEYENNE — A federal grand jury has indicted David Peter Vier, a Washington man on two felony counts related to transporting two teenage girls to Wyoming for sex, according to media reports.
He is charged with one count of transporting minors across state lines for sexual activity and one count of being a registered sex offender committing a felony involving a minor.
If convicted, Vier faces a minimum of 10 years of imprisonment on each count, according to federal sentencing guidelines.
Advertisement - Story continues below...
He also would be ordered to pay up to $500,000 in fines, be placed on supervised probation for five years to life, and pay $10,000 to the Justice for Victims of Trafficking Act.
Click here for more info.
The Edo State Government says the persons behind the fake recruitment agency that defrauded over 500 job seekers in Benin City, of millions of naira, for nonexistent jobs, have been arrested by the police.
According to the Special Adviser to the Governor on Media and Communication Strategy, Crusoe Osagie, an official of KAI Consulting, the fake recruitment agency has been arrested by the police.
“The suspect, Benjamin Amachi Chukura, is a graduate of Public Administration, from Ambrose Alli University (AAU) Ekpoma.
“He claimed that his organisation wrote a letter to Edo State Government in November 2017 seeking recognition and partnership with the state on environmental issues.
“Chukura told security agents that KAI Environmental is a voluntary organisation operating in Delta State with about 60 workers,” Osagie said.
The governor's aide further said that Chukura is being interrogated by the police to explain the roles of his colleagues in the employment scam.
The news of the employment scam broke few days ago that over 500 job seekers in Edo State were made to pay over N10 million for jobs, by KAI Consulting, which claimed that it was recruiting workers for the Edo State Ministry of Environment and Sustainability.
But the Commissioner for Environment and Sustainability in the state, Omoua Alonge Oni-Okpaku, debunked the claim and said that all state government jobs are handled by EdoJobs, a government jobs portal.
Media reports quoted Chukura as saying that KIA Consulting received 113 applications from applicants who paid them for training them in preparation for their recruitment into the government agency.
He admitted that the Chief Executive officer of the agency collected about N180, 000.
Some of the money collected from the unsuspecting job seekers include: N5,000 for Uniform; N2,000 for handout; N1,000 for Identity Card; N500 for examination fee; and another N2,000 for rank.
UPDATE 1-WS Atkins's strong profits seen smoothing takeover completion
June 15 British engineering and design consultancy WS Atkins reported its fastest growth in annual profit in at least a decade on Thursday, which could help smooth completion of its takeover by Canadian rival SNC-Lavalin Group.
Crude oil storage tanks are seen from above at the Cushing oil hub, in Cushing, Oklahoma, March 24, 2016. REUTERS/Nick Oxford/File Photo
HOUSTON Investors are placing bets that demand for U.S. energy pipelines, storage and processing facilities will outstrip supply in the next few years as the resurgence in shale oil and gas production increases.
With U.S. oil prices mostly above $50 a barrel for several months and a jump in drilling activity this year, new projects are moving off the drawing boards, and backers are lining up customers. There also has been a spate of deals involving existing transportation and storage networks.
The deals should ensure that production growth coming from shale basins has new outlets to market. The amount of money moving off the sidelines also is spurring valuations that potential investors say could trip up some deals.
Several long-haul pipelines have been proposed in recent months to move natural gas and liquids from West Texas to the Gulf Coast, including one by private-equity-backed NAmerico Partners. Its multibillion-dollar line would ferry 1.85 billion cubic feet of gas per day from the Permian to Corpus Christi.
The NAmerico project and a similar line announced by Kinder Morgan are "indicative of the type of supply growth we're going to see," said Billy Lemmons, managing partner and founder at private equity fund EnCap Flatrock Midstream.
For every dollar invested in production, another 15 cents to 35 cents is required for pipelines, processing plants and other midstream infrastructure, he said.
Many investors favor such projects because they are fee-collecting businesses and face less commodity price risk than exploration and production investments. Stable oil prices also have alleviated worries that shippers won't meet their pipeline commitments.
In the Delaware Basin region of the Permian, private equity firms have accounted for more than 46 percent of growth in new gas processing systems, according to Barclays.
GREATER COMPETITION
In active drilling areas, operators are trying to get 10 times to 12 times estimated 2017 earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization on pipeline and other assets.
"Auctions have become very pricey," said Lex Hochner, vice president at Haddington Ventures, a private equity fund backing a massive salt dome oil storage project in Houston.
Targa Resources Corp (TRGP.N) in January agreed to buy Outrigger Energy LLC's Permian Basin gathering and processing assets for $1.5 billion, the same month Plains All American Pipeline (PAA.N) paid $1.2 billion to Concho Resources Inc (CXO.N) and Frontier Midstream Solutions for a pipeline system.
Private equity firms also bid on those assets but could not compete on the rich valuation, said one source familiar with the deals.
This week, pipeline operator NuStar Energy NS.S agreed to pay $1.48 billion for Navigator Energy Services to get a foothold in the Permian.
Pipeline transactions are percolating elsewhere.
An arm of Royal Dutch Shell (RDSa.L) plc in December acquired interests in three pipelines from BP plc for undisclosed amounts. BP earlier sold one of its Gulf of Mexico pipelines to American Midstream Partners (AMID.N).
Investors also are acquiring preferred equity in companies. Last August, pension fund Alberta Investment Management Corporation (AIMCo) agreed to take up to $500 million in preferred stock units from infrastructure provider Howard Energy Partners.
"The longer commodity price recovery continues, the better the balance sheets of midstream companies look," said Kirkland & Ellis partner Adam Larson, who advised on the AIMCo and Howard Energy deal.
(Reporting by Liz Hampton; Editing by Gary McWilliams and Bill Trott)
The revamped version of RAINBOW recently entered the studio to record band's first new music in more than two decades.
Guitarist Ritchie Blackmore stepped away from his Renaissance-inspired brand of music with BLACKMORE'S NIGHT last year to perform a handful of shows with a brand-new lineup of the band he had formed after quitting DEEP PURPLE.
Although Ritchie initially said that he had no plans to make a new RAINBOW album — explaining in early 2016 that he wanted to “just get back to playing the old songs one more time” — he appears to have changed his mind. He told Japan's Burrn! magazine for its May 2017 issue that the current incarnation of RAINBOW — which includes singer Ronnie Romero, originally from Chile but now settled in Madrid, Spain — is in the process of recording two tracks. “I wrote one new song, and also recorded one of the old ones,” he said, according to The Highway Star. “Ronnie, who is in Madrid now, added his vocals and sent it back. Rather than make an album, we may release as singles.”
Blackmore was also full of praise for Romero, who spends some of his time fronting the Spanish metal band LORDS OF BLACK and is a member of a new project called THE FERRYMEN. “When I heard him, he seemed like the right guy to sing the [Ronnie James] Dio-era songs of RAINBOW,” Ritchie said. “He is versatile, he can sing like Freddie Mercury or Ronnie James Dio or Graham Bonnet.
“The reason I did not ask [former RAINBOW singer] Joe Lynn Turner [to get involved in the RAINBOW comeback] is because I thought European fans wanted to hear the Dio lineup of RAINBOW.
“I was very surprised that tickets [to the first RAINBOW comeback shows] sold out in 15 minutes. It was nice to know so many people wanted to hear RAINBOW at this time.”
Joe Lynn Turner last year slammed Blackmore for the guitarist's decision to go out and perform classic DEEP PURPLE and RAINBOW material with a new group musicians instead of reforming RAINBOW with a more “authentic” lineup.
Less critical of the new RAINBOW lineup was former DEEP PURPLE bassist/vocalist Glenn Hughes, who admitted to Metal Express Radio earlier this year that he had watched some YouTube clips of the new RAINBOW lineup performing in 2016. “Singing Ronnie's [James Dio] songs needs a special kind of singer and I think the young chap did a reasonably good job and I think Ritchie may well have found the guy for him,” Hughes said of Romero. “He was certainly a good fit for RAINBOW.”
In addition to Romero, Blackmore was joined at last year's RAINBOW gigs by STRATOVARIUS keyboardist Jens Johansson, BLACKMORE'S NIGHT drummer David Keith, bassist Bob Nouveau (a.k.a. Robert “Bob” Curiano, ex-BLACKMORE'S NIGHT), and backing singers Candice Night and Lady Lynn.
The two shows RAINBOW played in Germany last June were caught on camera to produce “Memories In Rock – Live In Germany”, which was released in November via Eagle Rock Entertainment on DVD+2CD, Blu-ray+2CD, and digital formats.
After Ritchie left DEEP PURPLE for the final time in 1993, he reformed RAINBOW for one album (1995's “Stranger In Us All”) and one tour, ending things in Denmark in 1997.
(Reuters) - Apple Inc's (AAPL.O) hint of returning a tonne of cash to shareholders was not enough to move investors who worried more about the iPhone maker's weak outlook amid reports of production cuts for its flagship iPhone X.
Apple shares were down about 1.4 percent at $165.42 in early trade on Friday.
The iPhone X was the first phone to get a major design overhaul since the launch of the iPhone 6 in 2015, and many expected it to lead to blockbuster sales.
On Thursday, the Cupertino-based tech giant said it sold fewer iPhones over the holiday quarter than Wall Street expected, and sees revenue of $60 billion to $62 billion and gross margins of between 38 percent and 38.5 percent for its fiscal second quarter ending in March.
Analysts were expecting $65.7 billion in sales and a gross margin of 38.9 percent for the March quarter, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S.
Analysts at Longbow Research said the revenue guidance implied a low 50 million iPhone shipment forecasts against a consensus of 58.5 million.
“We now forecast 221 million iPhone shipments for fiscal 2018, versus the prior 235 million consensus.”
On Thursday, Apple also said it was planning, over time, to “target a capital structure that is approximately net neutral,” adding that it will “take that balance down from $163 billion to zero,” referring to Apple's level of cash net of debt.
The comments sent its shares up about 3 percent Thursday after the bell.
”iPhone sell-through appears to have declined in the December quarter, which, along with weaker-than-expected
second quarter revenue guidance, reinforces our view of a saturated market,” KeyBanc analysts said in a note, cutting the rating on the stock to ”sector weight” from ”overweight.”“Further, gross margin results and guidance both missed our expectations, which reduces our view of potential profit growth going forward.”
Of 39 analysts who cover the stock, 29 rate it ‘buy' or higher. However, the mixed results triggered varied responses from analysts. At least three brokerages raised their target price on the company's stock largely banking on the possibility of cash returns, while three cut price targets.
“(Apple‘s) cash return should support the stock, but we see little to drive upside,” KeyBanc analysts said.
Beacon Publishing Group has just released "The Trench" written by author Paul Mannering and narrated by Mark Westfield in audiobook format. Download your copy today!
"The Trench" by Paul Mannering
Contact
Beacon Publishing Group
info@beaconpublishinggroup.com Beacon Publishing Group
End
-- Beacon Publishing Group has just released "The Trench" written by author Paul Mannering and narrated by Mark Westfield in audiobook format. Download your copy today!We know more about other planets than we do about the world at the bottom of our own oceans.Marine biologist Michael Armitage is recruited to investigate an emergency at a secret military research facility, deep in the Kermadec Trench, 18,000 feet below the surface of the Pacific Ocean. Now trapped with a squad of Marines and the few survivors, they must fight to survive and discover the terrifying secret that lurks in the darkness of "The Trench."Download your copy of "The Trench" written by Paul Mannering and narrated by Mark Westfield in audiobook format on Audible here:https://www.audible.com/pd/Fiction/The-Trench-Audiobook/B071GLLNZL?qid=1497486488&sr=1-1The official website for Beacon Publishing Group may be found at www.beaconpublishinggroup.comFollow Beacon Publishing Group on Twitter @BeaconPubGroupFor more information on upcoming releases or services offered contact info@beaconpublishinggroup.com
FOREX-Commodity bloc rally deepens in wait for Fed
LONDON, June 14 The dollar steadied on Wednesday ahead of a Federal Reserve policy statement widely expected to raise interest rates for the third time in six months but also to signal doubts over how soon it may make its next move.
May 3 GFL Environmental-
* priced private offering of $350 million in aggregate principal amount of senior unsecured notes due 2022
* GFL Environmental Inc announces pricing of private offering of senior unsecured notes Source text for Eikon:
DAR ES SALAAM Tanzania on Wednesday extradited three suspects, including an alleged drug kingpin, who are wanted in the United States on narcotics trafficking charges, the U.S. Embassy said.
The arrests of Ali Khatib Haji Hassan, also known as Shkuba, and his two associates Iddy Salehe Mfullu and Tiko Emanual Adam was the result of collaboration between Tanzanian and U.S. security, law enforcement and justice agencies, the embassy said in a statement.
Tanzanian President John Magufuli launched a drive against narcotics in February, reflecting growing international concerns that East Africa is being used as a hub by drug traffickers.
Hassan was arrested by Tanzanian authorities in 2014 for smuggling more than 200 kg of heroin.
The U.S. Treasury Department said last year that Hassan was a major international drug kingpin who smuggled multi-tonne shipments of heroin and cocaine to Africa, Europe, Asia and North America via his East Africa-based drug trafficking organisation.
The Tanzanian national is also accused of having overseen an extensive drug network in Latin America that distributed South American cocaine into East Africa en route to Europe and China, according to investigators.
While most Europe-bound Afghan heroin still goes through Iran and the Balkans, a spate of record-size hauls near Kenya and Tanzania has raised fears East Africa is seen as an easier route because of loosley-controlled borders and weak maritime surveillance.
(editing by Katharine Houreld and Angus MacSwan)
BEIJING, March 31 Activity in China's manufacturing sector expanded at a faster pace than expected in March, adding to evidence that the world's second-largest economy is gaining momentum early in the year, an official survey showed on Friday.
The official Purchasing Managers' Index (PMI) rose to 51.8 in March, compared with the previous month's 51.6.
It was above the 50-point mark that separates growth from contraction on a monthly basis. Analysts polled by Reuters had predicted a reading of 51.6, pointing to a solid expansion as China's industrial sector continued to benefit from higher prices and a recovery in demand fuelled by a construction boom. (Reporting by Yawen Chen and Nicholas Heath; Editing by Kim Coghill)
Rugby-Care believes flexible England can target World Cup
June 14 Scrumhalf Danny Care believes adopting a different style of play depending on the match situation, much as England did in the thrilling 38-34 win over Argentina in San Juan on Saturday, will increase the side's chances of lifting the next World Cup.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
April 28 Jilin Zixin Pharmaceutical Co Ltd :
* Sees net profit for H1 2017 to increase by 435.6 percent to 484.3 percent, or to be 110 million yuan to 120 million yuan, compared to net profit of the same period in 2016 (20.5 million yuan)
* Comments that increased sales of medicine business is the main reason for the forecast
Source text in Chinese: goo.gl/js2uED
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
April 12 Beijing Unistrong Science & Technology Co Ltd :
* To use undistributed profits to pay a cash dividend of 1 yuan (pre-tax) per 10 shares to shareholders for FY 2016
* To use additional paid-in capital to distribute 20 new shares for every 10 shares
* Div payment plan has been adjusted, and in the previous plan, co plans to use additional paid-in capital to distribute 30 new shares for every 10 shares to shareholders for FY 2016
Source text in Chinese: goo.gl/TsFaaA
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
WASHINGTON A U.S. State Department employee with access to sensitive information was accused of failing to report contacts with Chinese foreign intelligence agents who provided her with gifts in exchange for diplomatic and economic information, federal prosecutors said on Wednesday.
Candace Claiborne, 60, was charged in a Washington federal court with obstruction of justice and making false statements to the Federal Bureau of Investigation.
Claiborne appeared before a magistrate judge with her lawyer, David Bos, but both declined to speak to reporters. Claiborne will remain confined to house arrest until an April 18 preliminary hearing.
A complaint says Claiborne was given tens of thousands of dollars in gifts and wire transfers by Chinese agents beginning in 2011 in exchange for information about U.S. economic policy in relation to China and other diplomatic matters.
Claiborne and a co-conspirator not identified in court papers received such items as beads, a sewing machine, slippers cash, tuition payments to a fashion school in China and an all-expenses paid vacation to Thailand, prosecutors allege.
"When a public servant is suspected of potential misconduct or federal crimes that violate the public trust, we vigorously investigate such claims," said State Department spokesman Mark Toner.
The charges against Claiborne were announced just ahead of an April 6-7 meeting between U.S. President Donald Trump and Chinese President Xi Jinping at a time of heightened tensions between the world's two largest economies over North Korea, the South China Sea, Taiwan and trade. Trump was critical of China during the 2016 presidential campaign.
U.S. officials have accused China of cyber hacking of U.S. government agencies and American companies in recent years.
Asked about the case at a regular news briefing on Thursday, Chinese foreign ministry spokesman Lu Kang said he was unfamiliar with the situation. He did not elaborate.
Claiborne, 60, "allegedly failed to report her contacts with Chinese foreign intelligence agents who provided her with thousands of dollars of gifts and benefits,” said U.S. Acting Assistant Attorney General Mary McCord.
Claiborne has worked at the State Department since 1999, during which she served in a number of overseas post including embassies and consulates in Iraq, Sudan and China.
Claiborne was monitored under a Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court warrant, or FISA warrant, prosecutors said.
The charges carry a maximum sentence of 20 years in prison for obstruction of justice and five years in prison for making false statements to the FBI.
(Reporting by Mark Hosenball, Eric Beech, Arshad Mohammed, Yeganeh Torbati and Matt Spetalnick; Writing by Julia Edwards Ainsley; Editing by Howard Goller and Clarence Fernandez)
May 2 Wall Street opened higher on Tuesday, with the Nasdaq Composite hitting a record, boosted by strong corporate earnings, and ahead of the Federal Reserve's meeting and Apple's results.
The Dow Jones Industrial Average rose 40.56 points, or 0.19 percent, to 20,954.02.
The S&P 500 gained 4.11 points, or 0.17 percent, to 2,392.44.
The Nasdaq Composite added 8.93 points, or 0.15 percent, to 6,100.53. (Reporting by Tanya Agrawal; Editing by Savio D'Souza)
Toronto authorities on Tuesday charged a van driver who plowed into a crowd of people on a busy sidewalk with murder. Police said the suspect, 25-year-old Alek M. was not known to them before Monday's carnage in Canada's most populous city, which left 10 people dead and 15 more injured.
Alek M. entered the courtroom wearing a white forensic jumpsuit and spoke his name loudly and confidently, said DW correspondent in Toronto, Jeff Harrington.
The suspect's father was present in court and wept as the charges were read out, Harrington told DW.
The judge ordered him detained without bond and has scheduled the next hearing for May 10.
Speaking to reporters, Prime Minister Justin Trudeau dismissed the possibility of terrorism, and said that authorities see no national security element in the case.
At the news conference Trudeau said that it "hasn't changed the overall threat level in Canada," though it occurred as Cabinet ministers from the G7 nations were meeting in Toronto.
What we know about the suspect
Police are still no closer to establishing a motive, but reports have emerged of M. "egging police on, telling police to shoot him," according to Harrington.
According to authorities, Alek M., was not previously known to authorities. He attended a high school program where one classmate remembered him as "absolutely harmless."
Thehouse where the suspect lived, a two-story red-brick home in a suburb north of Toronto, was a crime scene Tuesday, taped off and surrounded by police vehicles. Officers were seen going in and out of the house.
Several killed in Toronto after van rams pedestrians Several casualties Police sealed off the scene after a van mounted a curb in northern Toronto and ran into several pedestrians on Monday. Canadian authorities later confirmed 10 people had been killed and 15 injured.
Several killed in Toronto after van rams pedestrians First responders Pedestrians help a victim as several were treated for various, unspecified injuries by first responders following the incident. The incident began at the corner of Yonge Street and Finch Avenue, according to local media — a major intersection in northern Toronto.
Several killed in Toronto after van rams pedestrians Rental van The vehicle involved in the crash fled the scene, but was eventually found and the driver taken into custody. Police said the suspect was a 25-year-old man from Richmond Hill on the outskirts of Toronto.
Several killed in Toronto after van rams pedestrians Street closed Authorities closed an eight-block stretch of Yonge Street — one of the busiest stretches in Toronto — after the incident. The subway system was also suspended and people were asked to stay away from the scene.
Several killed in Toronto after van rams pedestrians Investigation started At a press conference, police chief Mark Saunders said the driver's actions "looked deliberate," but stopped short from describing the Monday event as an act of terrorism. "We follow where the evidence takes us," he said.
Several killed in Toronto after van rams pedestrians Witnesses A woman talks with Toronto police near the site of the incident. Authorities have encouraged people who saw what happened to step forward as they continue investigating the scene. Author: Davis VanOpdorp, Darko Janjevic
More to come

Goldman-backed startup Circle launches no-fee foreign payments service
PARIS/NEW YORK, June 15 Blockchain-based payments startup Circle Internet Financial on Thursday launched an international online money transfer service that allows people in the United States and Europe to send money to each other instantly and at no cost as it seeks to tear down borders in the payments world.
ILOILO City – The Barangay Assembly Day is set tomorrow, Oct. 8, for the second semester this year, as provided for in Memo Circular No, 2017-123 dated Sept. 20, 2017 issued by the Department of the Interior and Local Government (DILG).
DILG-Iloilo provincial director Teodora Sumagaysay said the memorandum circular provides guidance for the barangays on what to do before, during and after the barangay assembly day.
“This circular also enjoins all local chief executives to ensure maximum participation of all barangays in their areas of jurisdiction,” said Sumagaysay.
On the day of the assembly, Sumagaysay said, the village chiefs are mandated to deliver a State of the Barangay Address, emphasizing financial reports including the utilization of the Sangguniang Kabataan funds, as well as updates on projects.
The presentation should also discuss the compliance of the barangay to national laws and issuances such as the Barangay Full Disclosure Policy; Anti-Illegal Drug Laws; Batas Kasambahay; and, Laws pertaining to protection of women and children.
“Of course, discussion on issues affecting peace and order, disaster preparedness and solid waste management should not be forgotten,” said Sumagaysay.
A message from the OIC secretary Catalino S. Cuy will be read by the barangay captain as part of the program.
Meanwhile, Sumagaysay said that compliance and participation of the barangays in Iloilo province during the first semester assembly had been active and fruitful.
“Only one barangay in the town of Carles was not able to hold as scheduled last March because of a valid reason,” said Sumagaysay. (PIA-Iloilo/PN)
The snow-covered landscape is reflected in a logo in front of FIFA headquarters in Zurich, Switzerland, January 10, 2017. REUTERS/Arnd Wiegmann
ZURICH FIFA announced its proposed slot allocation for the expanded 48-team World Cup on Thursday, including an automatic place for Oceania, 16 places for Europe - up from 13 - and a six-team inter-zonal playoff tournament for two more spots.
The proposals will be submitted to the FIFA Council at its next full meeting in Bahrain in May for a final decision, FIFA said.
Under the proposal, made by the FIFA Bureau, for the enlarged tournament beginning in 2026, Europe would get 16 direct places, Africa nine, Asia eight, South America six, CONCACAF six and Oceania one, totalling 46 teams.
The host nation would qualify automatically and its slot would be taken from the allocation of its confederation.
In the most innovative part of the proposal, the two remaining places would be decided by a six-team playoff tournament which would take place in the World Cup host nation, possibly in the November before the finals, FIFA said.
That tournament would include one team from each confederation, except UEFA, and an extra one from the continent of the host country.
FIFA decided in January to increase the tournament from 32 teams to 48.
The current allocation is 13 places to Europe, five to Africa, four to Asia and South America and three to CONCACAF.
Asia, South America, CONCACAF and Oceania also get a place in two inter-zonal playoffs.
The proposal shows how football has grown around the world over the last 40 years.
As recently as 1978, when the World Cup had only 16 teams, Africa and CONCACAF were given only one place each while Asia and Oceania had to share one place between them.
According to the FIFA world rankings, the top nine teams in Africa currently include Burkina Faso, who have never played at a World Cup, and Democratic Republic of Congo, who took part only once as Zaire in 1974.
CONCACAF'S top six include Panama and Haiti while St Kitts and Nevis are seventh.
Asia's top eight include Uzbekistan and Qatar while China are ninth and Syria 10th.
UEFA president Aleksander Ceferin said in a statement that he was "satisfied" with the proposal.
"We feel that UEFA will be fairly represented with a total of 16 national associations competing in the new format of the World Cup," he said.
(Writing by Brian Homewood in Berne, editing by Mitch Phillips and Clare Lovell)
BRUSSELS (AP) " The European Commission is investigating whether Nike, Universal Studios and Japan's Sanrio are preventing traders from selling products across EU borders and online.
EU Competition Commissioner Margrethe Vestager said Wednesday the probe would "examine whether the licensing and distribution practices of these three companies may be denying consumers access to wider choice and better deals."
Sports giant Nike, film-maker Universal and Sanrio, owner of Hello Kitty, license rights to some major world brands. They control the use of images or text applied to merchandise like clothes, shoes, bags or toys to make them more attractive, often to children.
The Commission says it wants to find out whether they breached EU competition rules by restricting traders from selling licensed merchandise cross-border and online.
Advertisement
The three could face fines if found guilty.
Pope Francis waves as he leaves at the end of special audience for Catholic Action members in St. Peter's Square at the Vatican, April 30, 2017. REUTERS/Tony Gentile
Pope Francis gestures as he leads special audience for Catholic Action members in St. Peter's Square at the Vatican, April 30, 2017. REUTERS/Tony Gentile
Pope Francis waves as he arrives to lead special audience for Catholic Action members in St. Peter's Square at the Vatican, April 30, 2017. REUTERS/Tony Gentile
Pope Francis waves as he arrives to lead special audience for Catholic Action members in St. Peter's Square at the Vatican, April 30, 2017. REUTERS/Tony Gentile
Pope Francis blesses at the end of special audience for Catholic Action members in St. Peter's Square at the Vatican, April 30, 2017. REUTERS/Tony Gentile
ROME Pope Francis called on Sunday for the respect of human rights and an end to violence in Venezuela, where nearly 30 people were killed in unrest this month.
Francis, speaking to tens of thousands of people in St. Peter's Square for his weekly address, decried a "grave humanitarian, social , political and economic crisis that is exhausting the population".
Venezuela's opposition is demanding elections, autonomy for the legislature where they have a majority, a humanitarian aid channel from abroad to alleviate an economic crisis, and freedom for more than 100 activists jailed by President Nicolas Maduro's government.
"I make a heartfelt appeal to the government and all components of Venezuelan society to avoid any more forms of violence, respect human rights and seek a negotiated solution ...," he said.
Supporters say Leopoldo Lopez, the jailed head of the hardline opposition Popular Will party, and others are political prisoners whose arrests symbolise Maduro's lurch into dictatorship.
Maduro says all are behind bars for legitimate crimes, and calls Lopez, 45, a violent hothead intent on promoting a coup.
Vatican-led talks between the government and the opposition have broken down.
Francis told reporters on the plane returning from Cairo on Saturday that "very clear conditions" were necessary for the talks to resume.
(Reporting by Philip Pullella; Editing by Ros Russell)
SEOUL, April 7 Tech giant Samsung Electronics Co Ltd estimated on Friday its first-quarter operating profit rose 48 percent from a year earlier, beating expectations as strong memory chip prices likely padded margins.
Samsung, in a regulatory filing, said its January-March profit was likely 9.9 trillion won ($8.76 billion), compared with an average forecast of 9.4 trillion won from a Thomson Reuters survey of 18 analysts.
Revenue likely rose 0.4 percent from a year earlier to 50 trillion won, Samsung said.
The company did not elaborate on its performance and will disclose detailed earnings in late April. ($1 = 1,130.0900 won) (Reporting by Se Young Lee; Editing by Stephen Coates)
TOKYO, Feb 2 (Reuters) - Japanese government bond prices recovered from earlier losses after the Bank of Japan acted decisively on Friday to curb a rise in bond yields, offering “unlimited” buying in long-term Japanese government bonds.
Heavy buying of JGBs raises the price of bonds to force down their yield, an essential element of the BOJ's ultra-loose yield curve control (YCC) policy.
It was the first time in more than six months that the BOJ has conducted special operations to buy bonds to achieve the yields it wants to see, rather than the auctions used in regular operations - a powerful show of force to direct the market.
On top of that, the BOJ increased the amount of its planned buying in five- to 10-year JGBs to 450 billion yen from the 410 billion amounts it has favoured since late August.
Following the BOJ's operations, the price of the 10-year JGB futures rose to as high as 150.31 from the day's low of 150.09. It was up 0.11 on the day.
The benchmark 10-year cash JGB yield edged down to 0.090 percent, the same level as its previous close, from 0.095 percent touched earlier.
JGB yields have risen in recent weeks, in line with global peers, on rising expectations that the world's central banks are increasingly leaning towards winding back stimulus as the global economy gains momentum.
Investors have started to speculate that the BOJ could also be moving towards an exit from ultra-easy policy, although BOJ Governor Haruhiko Kuroda has denied that he was considering such a major policy adjustment in the near future.
“I think the BOJ took pre-emptive steps to fend off further rises in JGB yields. JGB prices recovered so I think it was a success at least for now,” said Naoya Oshikubo, yen rates strategist at Barclays.
“But given that the main reason for higher yields comes from foreign bonds, the market will likely remain capped,” he added.
Indeed the impact of the BOJ's action quickly evaporated in the currency market, on which the BOJ has less control.
The yen briefly weakened to 109.66 per dollar from around 109.45 but quickly pared its losses.
Robert Kubica has admitted Williams' drivers are suffering from more than just a lack of pace in 2018.
In Barcelona, Sergey Sirotkin admitted he struggled throughout the weekend with "seat comfort".
"Let's say it this way to not upset anyone — the problem is with seat comfort," said the Russian.
It is believed Lance Stroll is suffering with a similar problem, and Robert Kubica, Williams' reserve driver, confirmed the issue.
"We do not have too much comfort in this car, but it has been known since November," he told Eleven Sports.
"Problems have to be solved in the winter rather than pretending that everything is good to make it look nice politically.
"I do not drive, so I don't say anything else," the former BMW and Renault driver added.
March 31 Beijing Dixon Commerce Ltd
* FY net profit attributable to owners of parents of company was RMB356.4 million representing a decrease of 0.18%
* Does not recommend any final dividend for year ended december 31, 2016
* FY revenue of group was RMB15.18 billion representing a decrease of 4.13% Source text: (bit.ly/2ogVEco) Further company coverage:
UPDATE 2-U.S. regulators still reviewing Fiat Chrysler diesel vehicle fix -lawyer
WASHINGTON, June 14 A U.S. Justice Department lawyer said at a court hearing on Wednesday it could take "weeks or months" before regulators decide whether to approve a software fix for Fiat Chrysler Automobiles NV diesel vehicles.
COLUMBIA - The Boone County Fire Protection District will only serve fire and medical emergency calls within the county limits beginning April 3.
“From the fire district's perspective we were responding to substantially more calls in the city than the city was responding in the fire district,” said Bill Watkins, the Director of Boone County Fire Protection District Board.
For the past seven years, the Columbia Fire Department and the Boone County Fire Protection District shared a dual response coverage system inside and outside of the city limits. The county has 15 stations, and the city only has nine. More than half of the county stations are being used to service city calls, but the county responded to 100 more calls than the city in 2017.
The decision, said BCFPD, came after the Columbia city manager did not attend a meeting in November to discuss the future of the fire departments in the city and county. The Boone County Fire Protection District said it was a clear message from the city. Columbia Fire Chief Randy White did attend the meeting to represent the city.
In January, the county fire district notified the city it would not be automatically responding to emergency calls within the city. The city never responded to this notice.
“Nothing really changes for the Columbia Fire Department, and we will continue to respond to calls within our jurisdiction,” Brad Fraizer, Assistant Fire Chief and Fire Marshall, said.
Fraizer said it was an issue between the Boone County Fire Protection District and the city, not the Columbia Fire Department.
The Boone County Fire Protection District said the city has stripped away funds from the county due to annexation of more land into the city.
Steve Sapp, Community Relations Director, said, "At one point we were being charged almost 600,000 dollars a year by the county."
“At some point in time, we just have to say hey, if you can't afford to pay our expenses then we can't afford to make those runs," Watkins said.
Watkins said the Columbia Fire Department has had long-term funding issues for a while.
UPDATE 1-Paris picked by South Korea's Naver for new startup incubator
PARIS, June 15 South Korea's Naver Corp plans to open a startup incubator in the new Paris mega-campus for start-ups 'Station F' that has been funded by billionaire Xavier Niel, said Fleur Pellerin, founder of venture capital investor Korelya Capital.
ABIDJAN, April 20 Ivory Coast banking assets rose over 11 percent in 2016 to reach 7,684 billion CFA francs ($12.6 billion), thanks to strong economic growth, the Professional Association of Banks and Financial Institutions said on Thursday.
Guy Koizan, president of the association, revealed the figures at a news conference in the capital Abidjan.
He said the association forecast total banking assets by the end of October 2017 at 9,111 billion CFA francs, compared with 7,409 billion CFA francs at the same point last year.
Ivory Coast, French-speaking West Africa's largest economy, has 26 banks and two other financial institutions.
The economy grew by about 8 percent in 2016, despite the impact of drought and the current account deficit, according to the latest IMF figures released this month.
But this year, the world's top cocoa-growing nation has been hit by falling cocoa prices, which has forced the government to slash its 2017 budget.
($1 = 609.3400 CFA francs) (Reporting by Loucoumane Coulibaly; Editing by Tim Cocks and Mark Trevelyan)
Soccer-Capello targets survival and cup run for new club Jiangsu
HONG KONG, June 15 Fabio Capello has set his sights on steering new employers Jiangsu Suning away from the Chinese Super League (CSL) relegation zone and success in the Chinese FA Cup as the Italian prepares for the latest chapter of his long coaching career.
U.S. TREASURY YIELDS TURN FLAT, PARE EARLIER RISE TIED TO RUSSIAN FOREIGN MINISTER SAYING SOME PROGRESS MADE ON SYRIA AFTER MEETING TO U.S.'S TILLERSON
Pravin Gordhan, Minister of Finance of South Africa attends the World Economic Forum (WEF) annual meeting in Davos, Switzerland January 19, 2017. REUTERS/Ruben Sprich
JOHANNESBURG South Africa's President Jacob Zuma called a meeting of the ruling African National Congress' (ANC) top six officials late on Thursday, media reported, after ANC ally the South African Communist Party said he planned to sack Finance Minister Pravin Gordhan.
The SACP said it objected to that plan, while the main opposition said it would call a vote of no-confidence in Zuma over the matter.
There was no official confirmation of the meeting.
But online news service News24 cited sources saying that nine ministers, including Gordhan, and six deputy ministers were about to be reshuffled.
The rand turned negative against the dollar. South Africa's currency and markets have been under pressure since Monday, when Zuma ordered Gordhan to abandon an investor roadshow in Britain and fly home. Zuma has not given a reason for the recall.
The SACP'S deputy secretary general Solly Mapaila earlier told a news conference the party had registered a formal objection to the planned dismissals of Gordhan and his deputy Mcebisi Jonas during a meeting with Zuma on Monday.
After days of rumours, Mapaila's comments were the first public confirmation that Zuma intends to dismiss the ministers.
"We objected both to the removal of the comrades and the intended replacements ... even the reasons given," Mapaila said referring to Gordhan and Jonas. "Comrade Pravin (Gordhan) has run that ministry with absolute cleanliness."
Gordhan said on Tuesday that he was still finance minister. On Wednesday, he said he would "open a new chapter" of his life if sacked. Volatile trading in the rand has underlined Gordhan's reputation among investors as a guardian of policymaking stability in South Africa.
On Wednesday, sources within the ANC told Reuters there was a split down the middle among its six most senior officials, who include Zuma, over whether Gordhan should be sacked.
Zuma does not need the support of the top six to hire and fire ministers but should top ANC members openly criticise his decision it would likely weaken his position in the party.
Nomura analyst Peter Attard Montalto said it was likely Zuma had made up his mind on the cabinet changes.
"It would seem odd to drag the Top6 all the way to Pretoria to simply rehash the division's of Monday's meeting. Minds won't be changed, the splits are set, it seems either he backs down or informs them he's all in for a full reshuffle."
For the second consecutive day, the influential ANC Youth League issued a statement backing Zuma's planned cabinet changes.
Zuma chaired a cabinet meeting late on Wednesday. A statement issued late on Thursday steered clear of any mention of a cabinet reshuffle.
Zuma did not address the subject when speaking to the National House of Traditional Leaders in Cape Town on Thursday but appeared composed and cracked jokes.
ECONOMY STAGNATES
He was ushered out quickly and security officials shielded him from reporters as Zuma entered his luxury sedan. He laughed off questions by reporters on whether he would fire Gordhan.
Some pundits say Gordhan is being pressured by a faction allied to Zuma, which has clashed with him over his plans to rein in government spending, the management of state enterprises and the running of the tax agency as the economy stagnates.
Africa's most industrialised economy grew by 0.3 percent in 2016 versus 1.3 percent in the previous year.
Pressure has piled on Zuma over his plan to sack Gordhan.
Two senior sources told Reuters Zuma is considering offering to step down next year, at least 12 months before his term as South African president ends, under a deal with opponents in the party that would see Gordhan leave office now.
The main opposition leader Mmusi Maimane, leader of the Democratic Alliance, said he plans to bring a motion of no confidence against Zuma in parliament after his intention to fire Gordhan was confirmed.
Julius Malema, leader of the ultra-left Economic Freedom Fighters (EFF) and a former protege of Zuma, filed a court application for disciplinary or impeachment proceedings against the president on Thursday.
(Additonal reporting by Joe Brock in Johannesburg and Wendell Roelf in Cape Town; Writing by James Macharia; Editing by Hugh Lawson)
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Spain's Banco Sabadell:
* SAYS EXPECTS LOW DOUBLE DIGIT LENDING GROWTH AT TSB FOR 2018 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Reporting By Madrid Newsroom)
ABUJA, April 6 Nigeria's senate will debate a long-awaited oil industry reform bill after receiving the draft law on Thursday, the latest step in efforts to overhaul the energy sector in Africa's largest economy.
The legislation is part of proposed reforms that make up the sprawling Petroleum Industry Bill, which has been in discussion for over a decade and redrafted many times but has yet to be passed into law.
President Muhammadu Buhari, who took office in May 2015, made passing the legislation a priority as part of an attempt to crackdown on the mismanagement and corruption that has held back the country's energy sector. Oil sales account for two-thirds of government revenue in the OPEC member state.
The bill's acceptance into the upper house marks the closest it has yet come to becoming law, said Senate President Bukola Saraki.
"I think we are all proud that we have gone this far and we have finally broken this jinx," he said.
Once the senate has approved the bill, it will be sent to the lower chamber of parliament. With the approval of both, the final version will be sent to the president to be signed into law.
Its backers say Nigeria's oil sector is in dire need of change, with power currently concentrated in the state oil company Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation and the petroleum ministry.
(Reporting by Camillus Eboh; Writing by Paul Carsten, editing by David Evans)
March 29 Sunworks Inc
* Sunworks reports fourth quarter and full-year results
* Q4 revenue rose 6 percent to $18.4 million
* Sees FY 2017 revenue up more than 30 percent
* Backlog of $48.5 million as of December 31, 2016, compared to $47.5 million at December 31, 2015
* Management expects backlog at end of Q1 2017 to increase in 2017 versus both prior year Q1 2016 backlog and prior quarter backlog
* Qtrly net loss of $3.7 million, compared to net income of $1.2 million, in year-ago quarter Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Philippine Environment Secretary Regina Lopez speaks during a news conference shortly after lawmakers rejected her appointment as Environment Secretary, 10 months into her term in office, at the Senate in Manila, Philippines May 3, 2017. REUTERS/Erik De Castro
Philippine Environment Secretary Regina Lopez sings 'I believe I can fly' during a news conference shortly after lawmakers rejected her appointment as Environment Secretary, 10 months into her term in office, at the Senate in Manila, Philippines May 3, 2017. REUTERS/Erik De Castro
Philippine Environment Secretary Regina Lopez sings 'I believe I can fly' during a news conference shortly after lawmakers rejected her appointment as Environment Secretary, 10 months into her term in office, at the Senate in Manila, Philippines May 3, 2017. REUTERS/Erik De Castro
Philippine Senate President Aquilino 'Koko' Pimentel announces the rejection of Regina Lopez as Environment Secretary, after 10 months into her term in office, in Manila, Philippines May 3, 2017. REUTERS/Erik De Castro
Philippine Environment Secretary Regina Lopez sings 'I believe I can fly' during a news conference shortly after lawmakers rejected her appointment as Environment Secretary, 10 months into her term in office, at the Senate in Manila, Philippines May 3, 2017. REUTERS/Erik De Castro
Philippine Environment Secretary Regina Lopez speaks during a news conference shortly after lawmakers rejected her appointment as Environment Secretary, 10 months into her term in office, at the Senate in Manila, Philippines May 3, 2017. REUTERS/Erik De Castro
Philippine Environment Secretary Regina Lopez speaks during a news conference shortly after lawmakers rejected her appointment as Environment Secretary, 10 months into her term in office, at the Senate in Manila, Philippines May 3, 2017. REUTERS/Erik De Castro
MANILA In less than 10 months, Regina Lopez ordered the closure of more than half the mines in the Philippines, canceled dozens of contracts for future projects and banned open-pit mining.
Her radical reforms eventually proved too radical even for a country with a strong anti-mining lobby led by the influential Roman Catholic Church.
Graphic - Philippine mine closures and policy timeline: tmsnrt.rs/2kCftpe
On Wednesday, lawmakers rejected Lopez's appointment as environment minister.
"It was not my dream. It was a dream and a promise that we had for the country and it is unfortunate that business interests have in fact run the day," a visibly distraught Lopez told reporters shortly after the outcome was announced.
"You'll get clobbered...anyone who's here if they have the guts and the courage to step on business interest you'll get killed."
Lopez's reputation as a fiery environmental crusader was the main reason why President Rodrigo Duterte appointed her as secretary of the Department of Environment and Natural Resources on June 30 last year.
True to form, she launched a mining review the following week, eventually suspending 10 mines before the year was over and warning 20 more were at risk of being halted for environmental breaches.
She raised the stakes in February when she ordered the closure of 22 of the country's 41 mines. She followed it by cancelling 75 contracts for undeveloped mines and just last week banned open-pit mining, which she blames for causing extensive environmental damage.
"Truth needs courage. If I don't act the truth and if I don't act courageously a part of me will die inside. I have to be true to myself because I have to survive as a person," the 63-year-old once told reporters.
Mining is a contentious issue in the resource-rich Southeast Asian country after past examples of environmental mismanagement, including a 1996 tailings leak at Canadian-owned Marcopper Mining Corp's copper mine in Marinduque that contaminated rivers.
'POLITICAL SURVIVAL'
Popularly known as Gina, Lopez is the daughter of Eugenio Lopez Jr., the former head of media conglomerate ABS-CBN Corp (ABS.PS). Her family is one of the Philippines' biggest business clans, with interests in property, power, manufacturing and construction.
At 18, she left a life of privilege behind in the Philippines, took a vow of celibacy and became a yoga teacher and missionary in Africa, living in slums among the poor.
She spent 11 years in Africa, during which time she married and had two children. But the marriage fell apart after eight years.
Lopez had no qualms about attacking the powerful and flouting convention, taking her cue from the country's blunt-spoken president, Duterte, whose war against illegal drugs has led to the killing of thousands of people.
"If political survival entails my falling short of my principles, it is not worth it," Lopez told Reuters in February.
Last month, she said Duterte had given her the go-ahead to work with communist rebel fighters to help rehabilitate and develop the country's mining areas.
"If nothing is done now to preserve the country's environment and natural resources, it will not be done ever," Lopez said on Tuesday, shortly after lawmakers concluded confirmation hearings.
But she had struggled at the hearing to explain the legal basis for requiring nickel miners that remove their ore stockpiles to set aside an additional 2 million pesos ($40,000) per hectare of disturbed land on top of funds already set aside to repair environmental damage.
"We are a nation of laws and not of men," said Congresswoman Josephine Ramirez-Sato, one of the members of the commission on appointments.
The left-wing group Bayan said Lopez's ouster was a victory for "mining oligarchs".
"An extraordinary chance to protect the environment and the rights of the people has been squandered," it said in a statement.
(Editing by Raju Gopalakrishnan)
NHS Corby Clinical Commissioning Group (CCG) is looking for people to join a new patient representative group.
The group will be asked for their views, experiences and insight into a range of the CCG's activities and plans as it continues to review and develop health services across Corby.
Tansi Harper, lay member for patient and public engagement at NHS Corby CCG, said: “At the start of the year we ran a survey to find out residents' views of healthcare in Corby.
“Alongside this we held workshops to get a more detailed insight into what patients thought of, particularly, primary care.
“All the information we gathered was really useful and is already being used to inform plans for the future of healthcare services in Corby.
“What became apparent was the need to bring together a group of patients – not representing the views of any organisations – to help us test plans, developments, changes to services and the way we communicate healthcare information.
“This is why we are forming a patient representative group.”
Members of the group will not be expected to attend regular meetings, but will instead operate as a ‘virtual' group.
The only criteria for joining are that people live in the Corby borough and are registered with a Corby GP surgery.
Anyone interested in finding out more are asked to visit Corby CCG's website, where they will find more information and can register their interest using a short online form.
The form can be found here.
BRIEF-Avita to pay 2016 dividend on July 21
* Says it will pay dividend for 2016 to shareholders on July 21
Acacia Mining says Tanzania output hit but annual targets unchanged
LONDON, June 15 Acacia Mining's production of gold from Tanzania has been hit by an export ban but targets for the year remain unchanged at this stage, Chief Executive Brad Gordon said on Thursday.
Richard Pryor to be Awarded the Platinum People Award At The Historic Los Angeles Theatre Saturday, March 25 2017
Contact
Chip Schutzman
Miles High Productions
***@mileshighproductions.com Chip SchutzmanMiles High Productions
End
-- Theis honored to present, founding member of the Rock & Roll Hall Of Fame groupand her critically acclaimed, newly formed side projectat the 5Annual Rock Against MS Benefit Concert & Award Show – Saturday, March 25 at the Historic Los Angeles Theatre in Downtown Los Angeles.has teamed up with formerband member and R&B singerto form a new super group called. The sound ofis muscular rock with some R&B/blues and in-depth ballads thrown in, reflecting the iconic sounds of both their respective bands.Joining(guitar) and(vocals) are lead guitarist(the musical director for's solo work andProtégé) along withmembers(keys),(bass), and(drums).Get ready for an All-star studded event as the celebrities' sweep the orange carpet raising awareness and funding to help people suffering from multiple sclerosis. Furthermore, on this evening thewillpresent seven (7) amazing individuals the Platinum People Award as they honor the humanitarian spirit of extraordinary individuals who have shown courage, compassion, and unselfish character.This yearis privileged to honor and celebrate the life of the world's most iconic and influential comedian,. This is an additional award, recently added for public figures that have created awareness and outreach to educate people of this ... Assaid "This MS shit." "'s genius wasn't just making people laugh, he used his comedy as a way to communicate the truth," explains Pryor's wife. "More than anyone,could appreciate RAMS' mission to not remain silent. RAMS uses every means possible to enlighten, inform and educate the public about MS. Telling the truth is their genius too."Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/ Roadcase-Royale- 700511530112381/ Instagram: https://www.instagram.com/roadcaseroyale/Twitter: https://twitter.com/RoadcaseRoyale www.facebook.com/ rockagainstMSfoundation ,www.rockagainstms.org, www.richardpryor.com, www.billburr.com, www.getGass.com
TOKYO, March 30 Japanese government bond prices were weaker on Thursday as the longer-dated maturities came under profit taking following large gains, but the market came off lows after an auction of two-year debt attracted sufficient investor demand.
June 10-year JGB futures were down 0.05 point at 150.40 after stooping to 150.33 earlier in the session.
The two-year yield was 2 basis points higher at minus 0.235 percent after rising to as high as minus 0.230 percent.
The bid-to-cover ratio, a gauge of demand, at Thursday's 2.2 trillion yen ($19.78 billion) two-year auction remained at a relatively high 3.82, compared with the previous sale's ratio of 3.92.
Concerns about the Bank of Japan trimming the amount of shorter-dated JGBs it buys at its regular market operations were offset by the lower auction amount, traders said.
Starting this month, the finance ministry has opted to reduce two-year auction amounts by 100 billion yen.
The 30-year yield rose 1.5 basis points to 0.835 percent as investors sold into the previous day's bullish move, when super long yields fell on month-end demand stemming from index-following participants. ($1 = 111.2500 yen) (Reporting by the Tokyo markets team; Editing by Subhranshu Sahu)
DENVER (Reuters) - A former Colorado flight nurse who survived a helicopter ambulance crash with horrific burns over 90 percent of his body will receive a record $100 million cash settlement from the maker and operator of the aircraft, his lawyer said on Thursday.
The sum is believed to be the largest U.S. pretrial settlement ever reached in an individual personal injury civil claim, said Gary Robb, an attorney for the crash survivor, David Repsher, 47. The case had been set for trial on March 5.
The Flight For Life helicopter crashed on take-off on July 3, 2015, from the St. Anthony Summit Medical Center in Frisco, a mountain town about 70 miles west of Denver.
A second flight nurse, Matthew Bowe, was also badly injured, and the pilot, Patrick Mahany, was killed. The three men had been en route to a public relations event at a Boy Scout camp and there were no patients on board.
The thrust of Repsher's lawsuit, filed in Summit County District Court, was that the chopper's French manufacturer, Airbus Helicopters SAS, had failed to equip the aircraft with a crash-resistant fuel system, leading its fuel tank to burst into flames on impact.
Such systems have been mandated on newly certified helicopters since 1994. But Robb said Airbus took advantage of a regulatory loophole to avoid the safety requirement.
Robb cited U.S. government findings that as of November 2014 about 85 percent of domestically registered helicopters made after 1994 lacked crash-resistant fuel systems.
The lawsuit also alleged that the aircraft's tail rotor system was flawed and that mechanics employed by privately owned Colorado helicopter operator Air Methods Corp “failed to properly repair, maintain and inspect” the AS350-B3e helicopter.
Repsher, who had not been expected to survive the first 24 hours after the crash, sustained full-thickness burns over 90 percent of his body, in some places extending down the bone.
He spent 11 months hospitalized in an intensive care unit for burn victims and has endured hundreds of surgeries and other procedures, Robb said.
He suffered permanent hearing loss, severe disfigurement and loss of function of his hands, and has had to learn to swallow, eat, talk, stand and walk all over again.
“It was his amazing character and indomitable spirit that carried him through and allowed him to survive,” Robb said of his client.
Robb said a separate lawsuit brought by Bowe has also been “resolved” but remains confidential.
Airbus and Air Methods both said in statement that safety was their top priority, and both said they had taken a number of steps to improve the safety and crash-worthiness of their helicopters.
A representative for the legal research service VerdictSearch confirmed that the $100 million sum was the highest pretrial settlement amount in its database for a single-plaintiff personal injury case.
Repsher plans to use some proceeds to form a private foundation promoting emergency medical flight safety and burn survivor support, Robb said.
Kinder Morgan Canada invites aboriginal investment as pipeline faces block
CALGARY, Alberta, June 14 Kinder Morgan Canada Ltd welcomes investment from the country's aboriginals so that they have a stake in its Trans Mountain pipeline expansion, its head said on Wednesday, as the company braces for major obstacles for the project.
Turkish foreign minister heads to Kuwait in Qatar crisis - sources
ISTANBUL, June 14 Turkish Foreign Minister Mevlut Cavusoglu was to travel to Kuwait on Wednesday evening after completing a visit to Qatar, foreign ministry sources said, in his quest to broker an end to a dispute betweeen the Gulf state and other Arab countries.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
April 10 Ciber Inc
* Ciber files for chapter 11 protection and secures $45 million in dip financing to fund ongoing operations during process and agree to an asset purchase agreement with Capgemini America
* Ciber - Co, certain U.S. subsidiaries filed voluntary petitions seeking relief under chapter 11 in U.S bankruptcy court in district of Delaware
* Initiates a process intended to preserve value and accommodate an orderly going-concern sale of company's business operations
* Ciber - Notice of proposed sale to Capgemini will be given to third parties and competing bids will be solicited.
* Ciber Inc - Entered "stalking horse" purchase agreement with Capgemini to acquire substantially all assets of co in North America and India
Source text for Eikon:
Further company coverage:
Soccer-Capello targets survival and cup run for new club Jiangsu
HONG KONG, June 15 Fabio Capello has set his sights on steering new employers Jiangsu Suning away from the Chinese Super League (CSL) relegation zone and success in the Chinese FA Cup as the Italian prepares for the latest chapter of his long coaching career.
Knife carrying in schools has hit an epidemic level, UK ministers have been warned.
Labour MP Sarah Jones warned the Government that cuts to school budgets were “threatening child safety”, as she revealed knife carrying among pupils was up 42%.
The Croydon Central MP, speaking during education questions, said: “Carrying in schools across the UK is up 42% and yet in my constituency in Croydon and I expect across the country at least three quarters of headteachers have had to cut staff, special needs provision and support mentoring which are all crucial in preventing crime.
“Now that this epidemic has infiltrated our schools, will he admit that school cuts are threatening our children's safety?”
Education Minister Nadhim Zahawi told MPs that his department was working with the Home Office, police and Ofsted to update our school security guidance.
He added: “The department is committed to making schools as safe as we possibly can, that is why we are working closely with the Home Office to reinforce the important message that it is totally unacceptable to bring knives into school.”
Later in the question session Labour MP Vicky Foxcroft (Lewisham, Deptford) called for mental health nurses to be in every school to help address this issue.
She said: “Youth violence is up, mental health issues among young people is up, yet the number of qualified nurses is down.
“The evidence shows this can be part of addressing the root causes of youth violence, can we have qualified school nurses in every school as one step to tackling this issue?”
Mr Zahawi responded: “We are making further investment in mental health in schools to make sure every school is able to deal with the issue in a way that is appropriate.”
– PA
Share it:
Don't Miss
FILE PHOTO: Saudi Deputy Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman waves as he meets with Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte in Riyadh, Saudi Arabia, April 11, 2017. Bandar Algaloud/Courtesy of Saudi Royal Court/Handout via REUTERS
RIYADH The prince overseeing Saudi Arabia's economy said his radical reforms were succeeding in protecting the kingdom against low oil prices, and he promised massive investments in coming years to help diversify the economy beyond oil.
"Although our prices dipped to as low as $27 for more than one year...the government managed to shield economic indicators from the negative impact," Deputy Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman said in a rare nationally televised interview on Tuesday.
"Gross domestic product is still growing - not at global rates, true, but it is not going into deflation."
He said more than half of the tens of billions of dollars that Riyadh expects to raise by selling shares in national oil giant Saudi Aramco would be reinvested domestically by the kingdom's top sovereign wealth fund, the Public Investment Fund (PIF), to create jobs and earn revenue.
In the three years after the share sale, the PIF will spend over 500 billion riyals ($133 billion), with between 50 and 70 percent going to develop promising non-oil sectors such as mining and logistics within Saudi Arabia, he added.
Prince Mohammed, 31, first described his reform plans to the public in a nationally televised appearance almost exactly a year ago.
At that time he faced a grim economic challenge: low oil prices had saddled the government with a record $98 billion budget deficit in 2015. Financial markets had started to speculate that Saudi Arabia might eventually default on its debt or be forced to scrap the riyal's peg to the U.S. dollar.
In recent months the outlook has improved. The deficit has started to shrink and Riyadh has bought itself time to reduce its reliance on oil by establishing a program of overseas bond issues, reducing the need to draw down its financial reserves.
Other top Saudi officials trumpeted those achievements in presentations to hundreds of foreign bankers and investors at a Riyadh investment conference organized by Euromoney magazine on Tuesday.
Finance minister Mohammed al-Jadaan said the government was on track to cut its deficit to about $53 billion this year, and that the government was so far in 2017 paying over 90 percent of its bills to the private sector within 30 days of the due date.
Delayed payments by the government were a big drag on the economy last year, and in December authorities promised they would in future make all payments within a less stringent target of 60 days.
PROBLEMS
Big uncertainties still overshadow Saudi Arabia's effort to restructure its economy. One is how much money the government can raise through the sale of the Aramco shares. It has predicted the sale will value the company at $2 trillion, but some private analysts expect a significantly smaller figure.Prince Mohammed indicated on Tuesday, however, that the Aramco sale would go ahead along the lines he described a year ago, saying a stake close to 5 percent would be offered in 2018.
He also said authorities would announce a program to address the kingdom's shortage of private housing in the third quarter of this year, aiming to arrange the construction of over a million housing units through soft loans or the Saudi Real Estate Development Fund. He did not give a time frame.
Much of the Prince Mohammed's economic plan envisions transferring responsibility for development projects and public services to the private sector from the government.
For example, Prince Mohammed said that while the government was committed to providing medical treatment to its citizens, it would not necessarily manage hospitals. Officials have begun preparing plans to sell off some hospitals, perhaps through private equity deals.
The government's austerity policies have brought growth of the non-oil part of the economy near zero. In an effort to support growth, the government reversed a highly unpopular austerity step last month, restoring allowances to public sector workers after cutting them last September to save money.
Prince Mohammed said the relaxation of austerity was due to improved oil and non-oil revenues. But he added that the government was prepared to restore austerity steps if state finances passed through another crisis.
(Additional reporting by Saeed Azhar; Writing by Andrew Torchia)
April 13 GAM Holding AG:
* Silchester International Investors LLP, controlling 19.02 pct of GAM voting rights, says intends to vote in favour of GAM board of directors' recommendations for agenda items in respect of board composition at the upcoming Annual General Meeting on 27 April 2017 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
INTERVIEW-Banks could be obliged to set Libor rates
* Alternatives to Libor to be found for some contracts
A Tesla logo is seen on media day at the Paris auto show, in Paris, France, September 30, 2016. REUTERS/Benoit Tessier/File Photo
SAN FRANCISCO Traders short selling Tesla's (TSLA.O) soaring stock have lost $3.7 billion this year, eclipsing the combined losses of traders shorting Apple (AAPL.O), Amazon.com (AMZN.O) and Netflix (NFLX.O).
The Palo Alto, California, company's stock has become a battleground between investors betting Chief Executive Elon Musk will revolutionize the automobile industry and skeptics who question his aggressive production targets.
Those conflicting views of the electric-car maker have deepened in recent weeks, with short sellers increasing their exposure even as paper losses mount and Tesla's stock hits new highs.
Short bets against Tesla have grown to $10.1 billion from $8.7 billion at the start of April, and during that time short sellers have racked up paper losses of $1.4 billion, according to S3 Partners, a financial analytics firm. Tesla's stock has climbed 15 percent in the same period and has surged 50 percent so far in 2017.
"You have your momentum guys riding this stock up and making a fantastic return, and the fundamental guys holding onto their shorts and building them and saying 'this can't continue' and waiting for the shoe to drop," said Ihor Dusaniwsky, S3 Partners' head of research.
"It's one of your classic yin and yangs on Wall Street."
Overall this year, short sellers betting against Tesla have lost $3.7 billion, far more than has been lost shorting any other U.S. stock, according to S3.
The next three most painful stocks for short sellers this year have been Apple, Amazon.com and Netflix. Short sellers have lost $1.5 billion betting against Apple, $1.1 billion betting against Amazon.com and $776 million on Netflix, Dusaniwsky said.
In Wednesday's quarterly report, investors will look for an update on Tesla's plan to launch its mass-market Model 3 sedan in the second half of 2017 and quickly increase production to a target of 500,000 cars per year in 2018. Last year it sold 76,230 cars, missing its target of at least 80,000 vehicles.
"Investors will likely react strongly to any updates to Model 3 timing," UBS analyst Colin Langan wrote in a preview.
Tesla in early April overtook General Motors (GM.N) as the largest U.S. automaker by market capitalization.
On Tuesday, Tesla's market value was $53 billion, nearly $3 billion larger than GM's. GM's stock fell 2.8 percent after it reported a decline in U.S. new vehicle sales for April in a fresh sign a long boom cycle that lifted the American auto industry to record sales last year is losing steam.
(Reporting by Noel Randewich; Editing by Dan Grebler)
Glorious India aims to contribute towards promoting Indo-US bilateral trade by bringing business fraternity of India and the US together.
Glorious India Expo
Contact
Praveg Communications Ltd
9712952853
info@gloriousindiaexpo.com Praveg Communications Ltd9712952853
End
-- Glorious India, the Mega Trade Expo, is scheduled on 27-28 May 2017 at New Jersey USA. The event is designed to facilitate promotion of Indian businesses in the USA, one of the strongest economies in the world. It is organized by, the prominent name in the event management companies of India with over 16 years of experience in organizing about 600 national and international events. Praveg had successfully organisedlast year in New Jersey, USA, which witnessed over 15,000 visitor footfall and participation of about 100 exhibitors.Glorious India Expo is supported by Make in India (Department of Industrial Policy and Promotion, Government of India), Incredible India (Ministry of Tourism, Government of India) and US-India Business Council. The National Air Carrier, Air India, is the Airline Partner for the event.Glorious India has received support from several US-based Indian State Community Organizations. Among them are NATA (North American Telugu Association), RANA (Rajasthan Association of North America), CAB (Cultural Association of Bengal, North America), Maharashtra Mandal, New York, Gujarati Samaj of New York, Kannada Cultural Organization and Orissa Society of Americas. Over 25,000 NRI visitors will attend this 2-day event that is focused on promoting businesses of Indian exporters to the US market. Many Chambers of Commerce from India have also lent their support to Glorious India.The Exposition has planned five sector-specific pavilions i.e. Garments, Handicrafts, Gems & Jewellery, Indian Real Estate properties and Indian Tourism Products to cater to the strong demand of NRIs and American trade for these products categories. Other sectors like Food products, Engineering products, etc will also witness significant participation in this Indian Trade Expo. The event will showcase vision, development policies and achievements of Government of India and the State organisations in its exclusive Government Pavilion – Pride of India. One of the major highlights of Glorious India Expo is the Superwomen Pavilion at the Expo which will witness participation of women entrepreneurs from India.Structured B2B sessions have been arranged to facilitate long term strategic business alliances of Indian exhibitor companies with the US-based trade. About 500 US-based buyers will attend the event to explore business prospects with Indian garments, handicraft, jewellery, real estate and tourism companies. With more than 25,000 visitor footfalls and 500+ buyers, Glorious India makes for the complete business promotion package for Indian exporters and Indian companies who are planning to enhance their brand image, promote their products & services and expand their market in the USA.High decibel advertising in national channels of India and Indian channels in the US, Roadshows, Press Advertisements and aggressive social media campaigns have ensured high awareness and promotion ofand US trade fraternity alike.Besides, to facilitate the highest participation of Indian companies, Glorious India Expo has introduced slew of incentives including attractive price of participation, complimentary hospitality of the US-based buyers invited by the exhibitors under "Host your Buyer" programme and insightful seminar sessions.A special cultural programme at Glorious India Expo will witness congregation of Indian talents from India and the US, and demonstration of some stupendous performances to the august audience comprising NRI guests, US trade fraternity, political dignitaries from India and the US, and artists from both the countries.Detailed information about the event can be obtained by visiting - http://gloriousindiaexpo.com
A view of the coal-fired power station of the Public Power Corporation (PPC) near the northern town of Ptolemaida, Greece, April 2, 2017. REUTERS/Alexandros Avramidis
ATHENS Workers at Greece's main power utility, Public Power Corp (PPC) (DEHr.AT), will file an appeal to Europe's top human rights court on Tuesday, aiming to block the sale of some company assets and seeking recognition they own a stake in the business.
Part of the state-controlled PPC is due to be sold under Greece's multi-billion euro bailout. But the GENOP-DEH union is opposed to the plan and said on Monday staff should have a greater say, claiming they have a stake in the company from social security contributions accumulated from 1966 to 1999.
"We will file an appeal with the European Court of Human Rights on Tuesday, seeking that our holdings in the company are recognised," said George Adamidis, head of the union representing 18,000 PPC workers.
An earlier attempt to have their claim recognised was rejected by Greece's Council of State, the country's top administrative court.
The state controls 51 percent of PPC, which commands about 90 percent of Greece's retail power market and 60 percent of its wholesale market.
Under an international bailout signed in 2015, Athens agreed to cut both shares to below 50 percent by 2020, mainly via power sales to alternative producers.
But its lenders from the European Union and the International Monetary Fund say that plan has not been effective and they now want the country to also sell up to 40 percent of its coal-fired units.
The issue has been an obstacle in talks to unlock new loans for the cash-strapped country.
GENOP-DEH has accused the government of trying to hold a fire-sale of parts of PPC and has warned of labour action if Athens moves ahead with the plan.
PPC operates 14 coal-fired units in Greece, accounting for about half of the company's total production.
Energy Minister George Stathakis told Athens News Agency on Sunday the government would safeguard jobs at PPC and support every effort to keep its assets under state control.
Stathakis said lenders were pushing Greece to sell PPC assets after a European court ruled last year that PPC had abused its dominant position in the country's coal market.
Greece, PPC and its lenders will hold talks until autumn to specify which coal-fired units will be sold, he added.
(Reporting by Angeliki Koutantou; Editing by Mark Potter)
April 28 Autoliv Inc
* Says for Q2 of 2017, company expects organic sales to increase by around 2% and an adjusted operating margin of around 8.5%
* Says expectation for full year remains unchanged with an organic sales growth of around 4% and an adjusted operating margin of around 8.5%.
* Says we expect the operational cash flow for the full year 2017 to remain strong and to be more than $0.8 billion, excluding antitrust related matters and any other discrete items
* Says we currently see some uncertainties relating to light vehicle production growth
* Says R,D&E investments, net are expected to be at the high end of the 6.5-7.0% range of sales for the full year
* Says capital expenditures are expected to be in the range of 5-6% of sales for the full year
* Says uncertainties include high inventory levels and slower sales momentum, especially in North America and China
* Says we continue to monitor situation closely and are prepared to take necessary actions Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
April 10 Swift Transportation Co is merging with Knight Transportation Inc in a share swap that would combine two of the biggest U.S. trucking operators that are together worth more than $5 billion, the Wall Street Journal reported.
Each Swift share would be converted into a 0.72 share of the new company through a reverse stock split. Knight shares would be exchanged one-for-one. Swift shareholders would own 54 percent of the new entity and Knight shareholders would own the rest, the Journal said. on.wsj.com/2oQmdoW
The deal values each Swift share at $22.07, a 10 percent premium to its closing price on Friday, the report said.
The deal would replace XPO Logistics' purchase of Con-way Inc for $3 billion as the biggest acquisition in the trucking business, the Journal said. reut.rs/2nSuO5J
Swift and Knight were not immediately available for comment outside regular business hours. (Reporting by Rama Venkat Raman in Bengaluru; Editing by Amrutha Gayathri)
NEW YORK, March 31 U.S. mortgage finance giants Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac may write down $21 billion of tax-related assets if there is a deep cut in the federal corporate tax rate as promised by President Donald Trump, according to an analyst at BMO Capital Markets on Friday.
This significant writedown would result in the two agencies, which have been under conservatorship due to heavy losses from the housing market collapse more than eight years ago, to borrow nearly $17 billion from the U.S. Treasury Department, BMO's head of fixed-income strategy, Margaret Kerins, wrote in a research note. (Reporting by Richard Leong; Editing by Jonathan Oatis)
Soccer-Capello targets survival and cup run for new club Jiangsu
HONG KONG, June 15 Fabio Capello has set his sights on steering new employers Jiangsu Suning away from the Chinese Super League (CSL) relegation zone and success in the Chinese FA Cup as the Italian prepares for the latest chapter of his long coaching career.
From: Olanrewaju Lawal Birnin-Kebbi
The Kebbi State government has recovered about N10 billion from the N15 billion loans from rice farmers in the state.
Recall that during the dry season farming, the Federal Government has made available a loan of N15 billion to the state rice farmers but they had not been defaulting it repaying the loans. This led to pressures from the state government to have the loans repaid.
Deputy Governor of the state, Samaila Debai, was appointed as the chairman recovery committee who had visited Argungu and other villages, last week, to mount pressure on the defaulters.
The recovery was disclosed to newsmen by the state's Commissioner for Agriculture, Alhaji Muhammad Garba Dandiga. He said the farmers also achieved more than the production target.
According to Dandiga, ‘”Out of N15 billions of Archored Borrowers launched in 2015, we have recovered about N10 billions through cash and rice. We also produced 1.8 metric tonnes and that is above the target. ”
The commissioner also disclosed that the state government would purchase 100 Tractors to the farmers across the state.
He explained the state government would continue to support farming which is the main
Occupation of the people of the state adding that another 100,000 of fertilizer is also expected to be share to the farmers in the state.
Dandiga, who said that Kebbi State has achieved a lot in rice producing, wheat and other crops, maintained that more states have been developing interest to partner with the Kebbi State in order to make food items available in their states.
The commissioner further pointed out that Kebbi State government, through his ministry, has sponsored over 20,000 farmers to produce Soya beans in Zuru area while they were given fertilizer and seed for the production.
Share
March 31 Speculators' net bearish bets on U.S. 10-year Treasury note futures fell to their lowest levels since late November on doubts about fiscal stimulus from Washington, according to Commodity Futures Trading Commission data released on Friday. The amount of speculators' bearish, or short, positions in 10-year Treasury futures exceeded bullish, or long, positions by 69,419 contracts on March 28, according to the CFTC's latest Commitments of Traders data. A week earlier, speculators held 100,354 net short positions in 10-year T-note futures. Below is a table of the speculative positions in Treasury futures on the Chicago Board of Trade and in Eurodollar futures on the Chicago Mercantile Exchange in the latest week: U.S. 2-year T-notes (Contracts of $200,000) 28 Mar 2017 Prior week week Long 284,613 221,200 Short 311,134 379,677 Net -26,521 -158,477 U.S. 5-year T-notes (Contracts of $100,000) 28 Mar 2017 Prior week week Long 423,243 369,353 Short 681,814 685,147 Net -258,571 -315,794 U.S. 10-year T-notes (Contracts of $100,000) 28 Mar 2017 Prior week week Long 631,973 607,230 Short 701,392 707,584 Net -69,419 -100,354 U.S. T-bonds (Contracts of $100,000) 28 Mar 2017 Prior week week Long 104,901 88,662 Short 125,306 142,674 Net -20,405 -54,012 U.S. Ultra T-bonds (Contracts of $100,000) 28 Mar 2017 Prior week week Long 40,176 56,556 Short 124,921 131,332 Net -84,745 -74,776 Eurodollar (Contracts of $1,000,000) 28 Mar 2017 Prior week week Long 417,957 396,578 Short 3,473,838 3,405,660 Net -3,055,881 -3,009,082 Fed funds 28 Mar 2017 Prior week week Long 153,550 159,022 Short 373,085 367,128 Net -219,535 -208,106 (Reporting by Richard Leong; Editing by Richard Chang)
Flynn Resignation – New Start of Controversies
White House's national security adviser Michael Flynn has resigned. He has resigned after allegation of having talks with Russian Ambassador about imposed American's sanction upon Russia without letting aware of President Donald Trump.
It will keep out the White House from political controversies but on the other side it will put a question mark on President Trump's statement which he said before inauguration that he will form his team from high caliber people. On the other side, it will drag President Trump's administration into a new challenge that will be of Trump's administration. As President Trump has no foreign policy experience, and now Flynn has resigned just after 4 weeks of getting into office it has sent show waves to world.
As it disclosed by CNN, it emerged that the Justice Department warned the White House last month that Flynn had not been truthful about the calls with the Russian envoy and could be susceptible to Russian blackmail. That information, disclosed to CNN by sources familiar to the matter, exposed the White House itself to questions about what officials did with the Justice Department warning and whether Trump himself was told.
Volkswagen said it is launching a “zero-emission” car-sharing service called WE next year, a move that could accelerate its battery-powered car production and take on the likes of Uber and Didi in the mobility space.
The VW brand, which makes up about half of revenue for the Volkswagen Group, said it plans to launch the WE service in Germany next year, with an international rollout to begin as early as 2020 “in major cities in Europe, North America and Asia”.
“Our vehicle-on-demand fleets will consist entirely of electric cars, and will therefore provide zero-emission, sustainable mobility,” said Jürgen Stackmann, VW brand boardmember overseeing sales. VW's first long-range electric car, the ID Neo, will be produced in Zwickau and is scheduled for series production late next year.
The car-sharing plan is one of many mobility plays among carmakers, who are concerned of becoming “Foxconns of the car industry” - after the company which assembles Apple's iPhones - if car-sharing and ride-hailing services replace individual car ownership.
This week, PSA and Renault each said they would soon launch electric car-sharing services in Paris. In March, BMW and Mercedes announced they would team up on all mobility services to ensure they had enough scale to compete.
VW's WE mobility service may also include on-demand services such as the ID Cityscater and the ID Streetmate, two electric scooters VW had previously shown.
Each of the concepts falls under VW's emerging mobility brand, MOIA, which will include ride-hailing, parking and pooling services.
The platform, VW said, will be managed by UMI Urban Mobility International, a Berlin-based unit owned by VW and run by Philip Reth.
“Our customers expect an environmentally-friendly fleet that takes them to their destination quickly and at a fair price - and that is exactly the experience we will be delivering,” Mr Reth said. – Copyright The Financial Times Limited 2018
April 12 Shenzhen Zhenye Group Co Ltd
* Says it expects Q1 net profit to rise 100-130 percent y/y to 97.6-112.3 million yuan ($14.16-$16.29 million)
Source text in Chinese: bit.ly/2p4SUPh
Further company coverage: ($1 = 6.8921 Chinese yuan renminbi) (Reporting by Hong Kong newsroom)
* cpurl://apps.cp./cms/?pageId=stock-index-poll Reuters poll data
* RTS index to rise 11 pct by end-2017
* Economic recovery to draw investors
* Oil prices expected to increase slightly
* Sanctions likely to stay in place
By Zlata Garasyuta and Alexander Winning
MOSCOW, March 29 Russian shares are forecast to rise around 11 percent by the end of the year as investors turn more bullish around economic recovery and a modest increase in oil prices, a Reuters poll showed on Wednesday.
The RTS share index enjoyed a bumper 2016, rising 52 percent as the rouble rallied and prospects for an easing of Western sanctions grew with the U.S. election win of Donald Trump in November.
Although the RTS is down 2 percent this year as the chances of an imminent easing of sanctions have faded, analysts still see grounds for optimism.
Russia's economy is expected to grow around 1.2 percent in 2017, after two consecutive years of economic contraction.
"Market participants are increasingly seeing an easing of anti-Russian sanctions as a potential pleasant surprise, not as their main scenario," said Vladimir Miklashevsky, a trading desk strategist at Danske Bank.
"The main components of growth will be the lowering of (Russian) central bank rates, an improvement in the condition of the consumer and higher oil prices," he said, predicting the RTS would end 2017 at 1,200 points.
The median forecast of 13 analysts, taken in the past week, was that the RTS would end 2017 at 1,250 points, versus its Tuesday close of 1,125.58 points.
Most analysts polled saw Brent crude oil in a range of $55-$60 a barrel, higher than its current level of $50.3 a barrel.
Oil and gas companies have a weighting of around 50 percent in the dollar-denominated index.
End-2017 forecasts in the latest quarterly poll ranged from 1,000 to 1,490 points, reflecting uncertainty as to what the next nine months hold.
In December, the median forecast was for the RTS to end the year at 1,200 points.
Victor Veselov at Globexbank was one of the most bearish in the March poll, predicting the RTS would end the year at 1,000 points. He said higher interest rates in the United States would boost the dollar and hurt the RTS.
(Other stories from the Reuters global stock markets poll: ) (Polling by Zlata Garasyuta and Alexander Winning Editing by Jeremy Gaunt)
MOGADISHU (Reuters) - A former Somali insurgent leader, Mukhtar Robow Abu Mansur, has defected to the government, a military official said on Sunday, severing ties with Islamist group al Shabaab.
Al Shabaab fell out with its former spokesman and deputy leader Robow in 2013 and he has been laying low in the jungles with his forces since then. The Islamists have launched multiple attacks to try to kill or capture him.
An army official said in June there were negotiations between the government and Robow but there were no guarantees that he would defect. He said it had sent soldiers to try to defend him.
"Robow and his seven bodyguards are now in Hudur with local officials. He will be flown to Mogadishu soon," Colonel Nur Mohamed, a Somali military officer, told Reuters by phone from the southwestern town of Hudur.
His defection comes two months after the United States removed a $5 million reward for his capture and took him off its list of sponsors of terrorism after five years. It was not immediately clear if the timing of the defection was linked.
Nonetheless, it could give pro-government forces more freedom to operate in the regions of Bay and Bakool, slicing al Shabaab's operational territory in two.
It was not immediately clear what would now happen to Robow, but residents and an analyst were doubtful over the impact of the move.
"It is not good news. The government should eliminate Robow and the militants who fight him. Otherwise it is recycling the insurgency and militants," resident Mohamed Edin, told Reuters.
Mohamed Aden, a history lecturer at a Mogadishu university, told Reuters: "If criminals are not taken to court, then there will be no peace."
Al Shabaab has been fighting for years to try to topple Somalia's central government and rule the Horn of Africa country according to their own interpretation of sharia law.
The militants, who are allied with al Qaeda, were driven out of the capital Mogadishu in 2011. They have also since lost nearly all other territory they previously controlled after an offensive by Somali government troops and African Union-mandated AMISOM peacekeepers.
Al Shabaab, however, remains a formidable threat and frequently carries out bombings both in Mogadishu and other towns against both military and civilian targets.
(This story was refiled to correct name of second reporting credit to Abdi Sheikh from Abdi Guled)
RPT-UPDATE 1-OECD warns New Zealand on low labour productivity, endorses debt limits
WELLINGTON, June 15 The Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) warned New Zealand on Thursday that low labour productivity poses long-term challenges for the country despite its solid growth prospects.
FILE PHOTO: Football Soccer - Borussia Dortmund v Benfica - UEFA Champions League Round of 16 Second Leg - Signal Iduna Park, Dortmund, Germany - 8/3/17 Borussia Dortmund's Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang celebrates scoring their third goal with teammates Reuters / Wolfgang Rattay Livepic
Despite their attacking qualities, Borussia Dortmund and Monaco face similar concerns as they prepare for Tuesday's Champions League quarter-final first leg, with both having their defensive frailties brutally exposed in recent weeks.
No side had ever advanced through a knockout tie conceding six goals but swashbuckling Monaco threw caution to the wind to oust Manchester City, netting three away goals in a 5-3 defeat in the first leg before running out 3-1 winners at home to advance on away goals.
Youngster Kylian Mpabbe has been a revelation, while the 31-year-old Radamel Falcao is enjoying a new lease of life after appearing to put his fitness problems behind him.
Dortmund, with seven-goal frontman Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang leading the way, broke the record for goals scored in the competition's group stage when they netted 21 to finish in top spot above Real Madrid, after a group-stage campaign that included an 8-4 demolition of Legia Warsaw.
Against Benfica in the round of 16, they also demonstrated their offensive class to come back from a 1-0 first-leg defeat and win 4-0 at home.
"I want everyone who comes to the stadium to enjoy watching us because we play attacking football and outscore our opponents," coach Thomas Tuchel told Uefa.com.
"I think we are good at winning the ball back, good at playing at a high tempo, good at quick attacking interplay and we're also a hard-working team."
Like Monaco, Dortmund have enjoyed the emergence of a talented sensation, with 19-year-old French international Ousmane Dembele contributing five assists in his maiden European campaign.
While there are no doubts about either side's attacking quality ahead of their first competitive meeting, both have recently been brutally exposed defensively against high-quality opposition.
Monaco have conceded eight goals in their last two away games and 13 in their entire Champions League campaign –- more than any of the other quarter-finalists -- and they were crushed 4-1 by Paris St. Germain in the League Cup final on April 1.
Dortmund were outclassed 4-1 by Bayern Munich at the weekend and it is little surprise that Tuchel predicts both sides will look to play to their strengths on Tuesday.
"(Monaco) play at a very high tempo and, in addition to individual talent, they have a very strong team ethic," the coach added.
"I think it's safe to say we won't have two 0-0 draws; both teams are too interested in scoring and pushing themselves to the limit."
(Editing by Clare Fallon)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
April 20 Sherwin-Williams Co:
* Sherwin-Williams Co - establishing 2Q17 EPS range of $4.15 to $4.35
* The Sherwin-Williams Company reports 2017 first quarter financial results
* Q1 earnings per share $2.53
* Q1 sales $2.76 billion versus I/B/E/S view $2.72 billion
* Q1 earnings per share view $2.09 -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* Sees Q2 2017 earnings per share $4.15 to $4.35 including items
* Sees FY 2017 earnings per share $13.65 to $13.85 including items
* Sherwin-Williams Co - for Q2, anticipate consolidated net sales will increase a mid to high single digit percentage
* For full year 2017, expect consolidated net sales to increase by a mid single digit percentage compared to full year 2016
* Sherwin-Williams Co - FY 2017 EPS guidance includes a $.40 per share charge from costs associated with anticipated acquisition of Valspar
* Sherwin-Williams Co - Q2 EPS guidance includes a $.25 per share charge from costs associated with anticipated acquisition of Valspar
* Q2 earnings per share view $4.43 -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* Fy2017 earnings per share view $13.74 -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Maya Bay on Phi Phi Leh Island in the Andaman Sea will close to tourists for four months.
The secluded Thailand bay made famous by Leonardo DiCaprio movie The Beach is being closed to visitors after being pushed close to exhaustion by mass tourism.
Maya Bay on Phi Phi Leh Island in the Andaman Sea will close to tourists for four months from Friday to give its coral reefs and sea life a chance to recover from an onslaught that began nearly two decades ago.
A daily influx of dozens of boats has seen thousands of visitors unsuccessfully scrambling for an unspoiled view of glistening white sands and emerald waters.
Leonardo DiCaprio in The Beach (Handout/PA)
Thai authorities, who have promoted unfettered tourism but now claim to be striving to balance profit and conservation, say the closure will happen every year.
It is part of a rethink happening globally about unrestricted tourism that brings big money but damages historic sites, harms the environment and often alienates locals.
Last month, the Philippines began a six-month closure of popular Boracay Island, whose waters President Rodrigo Duterte described as a “cesspool”.
Venice, the famed Italian lagoon city that lives off tourism, installed gates at two access bridges during a four-day holiday in April so it could turn back visitors if numbers became overwhelming.
Danny Boyle made The Beach in 1999 (Yui Mok/PA)
Many of Thailand's marine national parks are closed from mid-May to mid-October during the monsoon season but, because of Maya Bay's popularity, it has not had a break since director Danny Boyle's crew set foot on its sands in 1999 to film the dark backpacker tale based on a novel by Alex Garland.
Its corals have been decimated by suffocating clouds of sand and sediment churned up by speedboats.
“I tried to push this campaign for many many years, but you know in Thailand we are a tourism industry country and we need a lot of money, so before not so many people listened,” said Thon Thamrongnawasawat, a marine biologist and member of a government committee on development and the environment.
“It should have been done 10 years ago but at least it has been done.”
Tourists pose for photos in Maya Bay (Sakchai Lalit/AP)
Thailand had about 35 million international visitors last year, a five-fold increase in little more than two decades.
The head of Phi Phi Tourist Business Association, Watrapol Jantharo, said he was surprised when the closure was announced in March.
He said locals were under the impression that Maya Bay would only be closed to boats, while visitors would still be able to walk to the bay from the other side of the island.
“We are not against protecting our environment,” he said. “We know full well that Maya Bay is our important resource, like a rice field to a farmer, but we wish there are more communications about the government's plan before the decision was made.”
The government has set a limit of 2,000 tourists a day when the bay reopens — about half the current cap. Boats will no longer be allowed to anchor but must dock on the opposite side of the island.
© Press Association 2018
LAWRENCEBURG, Ky. — A video of a Kentucky man using Walmart's intercom system to ask for help has gone viral.
Forrest Hunter posted the video to Facebook on Friday and it already has 39,000 shares and 1.9 million views as of Tuesday afternoon.
The video, captioned “When you get sick of waiting on somebody at Walmart,” shows Hunter in the sporting goods section of the store. He picks up the store telephone and uses the intercom.
“Customer needs assistance in sporting goods please. I'm the customer,” he said.
Hunter told WKYT a Walmart associate came over to help him afterward and was a little embarrassed. He said he didn't get in any trouble for using the intercom.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Click to play Tap to play
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Pressure on new Southampton manager Mark Hughes has eased, according to bookies, without his side even playing a Premier League match.
That is because odds of Huddersfield Town falling out of the Premier League were cut following a loss at home to Crystal Palace.
Bookies now make Huddersfield third favourites for the drop, with Ladbrokes offering 6/4.
Southampton is fourth favourites, while West Ham are next, if bookies are to be believed.
The Hammers are in turmoil on and off the pitch after an invasion marred the latest defeat - a 3-0 reverse at home against Burnley. Ladbrokes are offering 21/10.
West Brom are as long as 1/100 with Bet365 now, after a seventh Premier League defeat in a row.
Stoke City are 4/11 with SkyBet, after losing at home to Everton.
Bookies seem confident Newcastle United are going to stay out of trouble after a 3-0 win against Southampton - they are as long as 14/1 now.
Crystal Palace are considered the fifth most-likely, at 9/4 with Bet365.
Brighton are considered even more safe, at 16/1.
The current Bet365 odds on Premier League relegation as it stands (March 12, 2018):
West Brom : 1/100
Stoke : 4/11
Huddersfield: 11/8
Southampton: 15/8
West Ham: 5/2
Swansea: 5/1
Convenience retail brand, Mace, which is owned by Musgrave, has opened its latest ‘Store of the Future' on Main Street in Toomebridge, creating 30 jobs and bringing significant investment to the area.
The store owners, the Boyd family, who now have two stores in Toomebridge, the first of which opened in 1964 on Roguery Road, have invested a massive £200,000 in the new store that will help to redefine the local convenience market.
Maurice Cusack, Mace Marketing Manager, said: “The Boyd family have completely transformed the local convenience market for people in Toomebridge and the surrounding areas.
“Outside, customers will notice bold changes to the look and feel of the store with new branding using the contemporary Mace colour palate, creating a striking, fresh and modern store frontage.
“Inside, the store showcases the latest thinking in retail with concepts including premium Frank and Honest Coffee which is the largest coffee brand on the island of Ireland.
“We have a delicious new hot and cold deli, Munch & Co, which features a tasty selection of sandwiches, wraps, baguettes and speciality focaccia bread options filled with fresh meats, cheeses and salad and we have a tempting array of sauces to give your lunchtime a lift.”
Store manager, Frank Boyd, added: “We are not a family to rest on our laurels; we want to continue to ensure we provide the best experience for our customers.
“The model for convenience retail is changing. Consumers are more discerning than ever.”
UPDATE 4-GE merges power units as exec who lost out on GE CEO job retires
SEATTLE, June 14 General Electric Co said on Wednesday it will combine its power and energy distribution businesses to create its largest unit by revenue as the top executive at GE Power announced his retirement after failing to win the conglomerate's CEO job.
PARIS, Feb 2 (Reuters) - The French state will provide five million euros ($6.24 million) to support the Ascoval steel plant in Saint-Saulve, northern France for a year, Finance Minister Bruno Le Maire said on Friday, a move that will retain several hundred jobs.
The Hauts de France region, Swiss company Schmolz + Bickenbach and French steel pipe maker Vallourec at the same time agreed to create a 14-million-euro fund to help staff if there are future job cuts.
“The state has agreed to put up 5 million euros,” Le Maire said after meeting with representatives from Ascoval's unions, local officials and Schmolz + Bickenbach.
Schmolz + Bickenbach was chosen by a Strasbourg court this week to buy troubled French steelmaker Ascometal. Ascometal, which makes specialty steel and employs around 1,300 workers, filed for court protection last November.
But the rescue by Schmolz + Bickenback left out Ascoval, a joint-venture between Ascometal and Vallourec, which employs 300 people. An agreement was reached to guarantee activity at the plant for another year while a buyer is sought. (Reporting by Myriam Rivet, Writing by Dominique Vidalon; editing by Luke Baker)
Sadistic as it may sound, I've been dedicating an awful lot of brain power to the subject of email as of late. And considering what a limited supply of power this ol' noggin has nowadays, that's really saying something.
Part of the noodling has been related to my ongoing exploration of email newsletters, both with my own weekly endeavor and with the variety of other email-based publications I've been digesting lately (yum). Increasingly these days, my inbox is becoming more than just a place for messages.
But that aside, I have an insatiable urge to endlessly refine my personal tech setup in the pursuit of optimal efficiency. Whether I'm spending 10 minutes a day or 10 hours a week in my inbox, I want every second to count — and from start to finish, I want things to be as effective and hassle-free as possible.
That's why I've experimented with countless email apps and configurations over the years — and that's why lately in particular, I've been devoting so much of my neural oscillation to the juxtaposition of Gmail and Inbox, Google's two email interface options.
I've mostly relied on Inbox over the past few years, you see, but with Google's recent improvements to Gmail combined with the company's diminishing (though not entirely eliminated) focus on Inbox, I've been wondering if it's time to throw in the towel and turn back to Gmail. So I've spent the past several weeks toggling back and forth between the two apps, both on desktop and on mobile. And after a month, one thing is clear: Much as I've tried, I'm not ready to give up on Inbox yet — for eight very specific reasons.
[Get fresh tips and insight in your inbox every Friday with JR's new Android Intelligence insider's newsletter. Exclusive extras await!]
1. Time-based bundle delivery
One of the core components of Inbox is its ability to intelligently sort incoming messages into bundles — categories such as Purchases, Finance, Social, Updates, and Low Priority. By default, these bundles all show up collapsed in your main inbox view, but here's the key for me: You can configure any of them to remain out of view and then show up only once a day or even just once a week.
That means the not-so-important stuff that endlessly fills my inbox and either piles up into an unmanageable mess or compels me to keep glancing and swiping away stays out of my sight most of the time — then shows up in one cluster, at a time when I can deal with it efficiently, all at once. (And yes, Gmail has a vaguely similar system of categorization, but it's nowhere near as powerful or customizable, and it lacks that crucial time-based delivery system that keeps all the less important stuff out of your hair during the day.)
More than anything, this has truly changed the way I think about — or, to be more accurate, frequently don't think about — my inbox. Smart sorting and fewer interruptions are a potent combination and a key part of what's allowed me to maintain that elusive state of "inbox zero" and avoid feeling like email is taking over my life.
2. Simple sweeping
As part of its bundle system, Inbox gives me the ability to sweep away an entire group of messages with a single tap. I can't tell you what a massive time-saver that is: It means I can glance at everything in, say, my Updates bundle when it shows up once every morning, see that none of it requires any action, and then tap a single icon to send it all away at once. It may sound like a small thing, but having to either manually swipe away each message in a category or manually check each one and then hit the Archive button — as I've been doing these past several weeks with Gmail — feels archaic in comparison, especially when a dozen or more messages are involved.
Inbox's sweeping system has one other touch that really makes it invaluable: Say I have 15 messages in a bundle. One of them is something I want to keep; the remaining 14 are irrelevant noise. I can select the one message that matters and pin it to my inbox, then sweep everything away — and the message I want will remain while the rest will be archived.
It's a little touch that makes a big difference in my never-ending efforts to keep my inbox under control.
3. Integration of Google's universal reminder system
This one's huge: Inbox integrates seamlessly with Google's reminder system — y'know, the thing that lets you say or type "remind me to..." in Google Assistant or any Google search box (including in the Chrome address bar) on any device. It's also connected to the reminders in Google Keep, where I keep all sorts of notes and information.
This essentially turns Inbox into an all-in-one task list and personal organizer: Any reminder I set anywhere shows up as an item in my inbox, and I can check it off once it's done. (If I mark it as done anywhere else, meanwhile, it also gets marked as done in Inbox. Win-win.) Reminders barked into Google Home don't just disappear into the ether after they've sounded once, either; they remain in my inbox along with all the other stuff I need to do and then disappear only when I mark them as finished.
I can set new reminders right from Inbox, too, instead of sending myself emails in the primitive way I used to. It's simpler, more streamlined, and more sensible — and man, do I miss it when I'm using Gmail. The bare-bones and separated Tasks app doesn't even come close to replacing this.
4. Reminders within emails
In addition to serving as a hub for regular reminders, Inbox allows me to attach reminders onto individual emails. So when I have a long back-and-forth thread with an editor, for instance, and I need to remember to perform one specific task related to it the next day, I can put a reminder about that on top of that very email, where it belongs, and then snooze the whole thing to the day and time I want.
When the time arrives, the email pops back into my inbox with the reminder attached and prominently displayed — right above the message, both when viewing it in full and when looking at the main inbox view. It's such a valuable productivity tool, and it's something I've really missed during my weeks with Gmail.
5. Simple link saving
Remember that whole "all-in-one task list and personal organizer" idea we were talking about a minute ago? On that same note, Inbox makes it super-simple for me to save links from the web — either by sharing them to Inbox on my phone or by clicking an icon for the Inbox extension in my desktop Chrome browser. I do that whenever there's something I need to consider but don't have time to deal with immediately.
Then, like everything else in my inbox, I snooze it to a moment when I will be able to deal with it — and it shows up right there with all my other tasks for that specific time. I don't have to remember to look in Pocket or Chrome or some other random app where I collect things and then promptly forget about them; it's right there where I'll see and remember it, no different from any other task on my list.
6. Simple trip organization
Another one for the "all-in-one organizer" column: Inbox automatically pulls together bundles about upcoming trips and makes them readily available in my inbox. It collects info about flights, hotel reservations, and other relevant plans from incoming confirmation emails and then organizes them all into an easily glanceable and shareable itinerary.
It takes things a step further, too, and integrates with the excellent (and underappreciated) Google Trips app. Trips puts all that same info into a single place, broken down by destination — then supplements it with travel tips and local recommendations and keeps everything neatly organized and accessible.
7. One-tap access to attachments on mobile
The new Gmail adopted the Inbox-like feature of providing one-tap access to attachments from your inbox, so you can click directly to a document without first having to open up the associated email. That's a handy option to have, but the place I find that function most useful is actually on mobile — where I frequently want to glimpse at something like a PDF attached to a report while I'm getting ready in the morning, without wasting time or tapping around unnecessarily — and as of now, at least, Gmail doesn't offer that option in its mobile app.
8. Sensible swipe gestures on mobile
Snoozing coming to Gmail is fantastic. It's one of Inbox's best features, without a doubt, and a spectacular tool for keeping your inbox in order.
In Gmail's mobile app, however, it feels like an afterthought: You have to first select or open a message and then look in the overflow menu to find the command. The nice thing about snoozing a message is how simple it is — or should be: With Inbox, I just swipe a message to the left, and bam: Up comes a box asking me when I want it to reappear. I can triage through emails in no time and send them all away to a time that's right.
Inbox's time-saving gestures don't end with snoozing, either: Swiping up or down while viewing a bundle or label in the app — when you're at the very top or bottom of the message list, respectively — takes you back to the main inbox view. It's so sensible, I can't stop trying to do it (to no avail, of course) in Gmail.
Similarly, swiping up or down from the top or bottom of an individual message closes the message and takes you back to the previous list view. Like so many things, it's a seemingly subtle touch that makes an immeasurable difference in the way you experience the app and how easy it is to use.
The snoozing part, at least, seems like something that's bound to be addressed before long. It probably feels like an afterthought in Gmail because it was an afterthought in Gmail; all signs seem to suggest the mobile app was quickly patched to match the updated desktop site's most prominent new features but that a more thorough revamp is still pending.
As for all the other stuff we've talked about in this section and above, some things seem more likely than others to make their way to Gmail eventually. But each one is an important part of a productivity puzzle — one that, for now, at least, is sending me back from Gmail to Inbox once again.
Here's hoping that choice doesn't disappear anytime soon.
Sign up for JR's new weekly newsletter to get this column along with bonus tips, personal recommendations, and other exclusive extras delivered to your inbox.
[Android Intelligence videos at Computerworld]
CALGARY, Alberta, April 23 Canada's Cenovus Energy Inc has said it may sell parts of the Deep Basin natural gas assets it recently bought from Houston-based ConocoPhillips, Royal Bank of Canada (RBC) analysts wrote in a research note on Sunday.
Cenovus Chief Executive Brian Ferguson held a conference call with analysts last Friday, and the oil company "signaled that it would also be open to potentially monetizing some portion of the Deep Basin midstream assets," according to the note.
"Cenovus has had seven inbound calls from CEOs of various energy companies looking to ensure the company is aware of their interest in certain Deep Basin assets," the analysts wrote.
RBC acted as an advisor for Cenovus for the ConocoPhillips deal.
Cenovus did not immediately respond to a request for comment.
The C$17.7-billion ($13.3-billion) acquisition last month of ConocoPhillips oil and gas assets effectively doubles the size of Cenovus. But the deal dents the company's pristine balance sheet and saddles the pure-play crude producer with Deep Basin natural gas assets that some investors and analysts have said it has no business holding.
Cenovus shares crashed last month in their biggest single-day drop on news of the deal, which is to be funded through debt and selling shares and what the company deems to be "non-core" assets.
"Select assets within the Deep Basin could be tagged as non-core," according to the RBC note. "This was new to us and opens up interesting de-leveraging possibilities for Cenovus."
While the company had wanted to raise C$3.6 billion through asset sales, it may end up raising more, according to the note.
(Reporting by Ethan Lou in Calgary, Alberta; Editing by Chris Reese)
BRIEF-AGNC Investment's estimated net book value of $21.04 per common share as of May 31, 2017
* Agnc investment -It's estimated net book value of $21.04 per common share and estimated net tangible book value of $19.48 per common share as of May 31, 2017 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Lucky Stars app crossed 100000 Lakh download, with a daily active users base. Noteworthy to mention that the promotion of the app was done with minimum spends using digital and social media platforms.
Lucky Stars App
Spread the Word
Listed Under Tags:
• Luckystarsapp
• Wingiftsforfree Industry:
• Games Location:
• Mumbai - Maharashtra - India Subject:
• Features
Contact
LuckyStars App
***@gmail.com LuckyStars App
End
-- Every marketer in the mobile app business probably faces this dilemma when it comes to a new brand launch. But given the complexity of this market and the proliferation of apps for every convenience, there is no cut and dry answer to the all important question.For starters, acquisition would be the only focus when ais just launched. The specific app features and benefits would dictate user behaviour and over time, the propensity to disengage or uninstall the app on the one hand, or be content and retain it on the other. In either case, through constant tracking, monitoring and research, one would choose a course of action, best suited to the situation.The challenge is to identify the trend and adjust the sails based on the direction of the wind. The question is at what stage does one begin retention? Acquisition could be an expensive exercise, so having acquired a sizable user base, does one go all out to nurture and retain it? And then capitalize on the retained base to actually get you more users, either through word of mouth or through a Referral scheme. Then again there is the question of viability or threshold, at which the business aspects kick in for effective monetization of the user base.There is no 'one shoe - fits all' answer. And that's what makes building the brand all the more challenging, with many an app falling by the wayside or giving up for one reason or another.Let's examine a live example of a mobile app that was launched just 4 months ago -Contest-based app, for bothand. This is a free to download app through which one can, by participating in lucky draws, held practically everyday. This is absolutely free in all respects, with no purchase required of any kind.Reports indicate that in the first 2 months, the app crossed 50K download, with a daily active users base of 10K. It might be noteworthy to mention here, that the promotion of the app was done with minimum spends, only in the digital and social media.This success is attributed to the simplicity of the app and the big, high valueoffered to winners. The gifts given away included a, among others.While the acquisition strategy continued, the brand was quick to introduce variations in its lucky draws through the. These have a cap on the number of participants who can enter the draws, resulting in quick closure, simply because of users rushing to participate. More importantly, each of these draws offered numerous winners, thus increasing the chances of winning for participants.By month 3, Lucky Stars touchedand at the time of writing this piece (month 4),, while the daily active users doubled to 20K.It is believed that Lucky Stars has an arsenal of new modules being planned for launch in January/February 2017, which will give a huge boost to the overall user base, as well as the daily active users. Further, as part of its Retention strategy, a Loyalty Program is being put together, to reward users for every little action they take on the app.So, to answer the question of Acquisition versus Retention, for most part of the new brand's formative journey, it will be a combination of both, with boosts introduced as and when required. Innovative features along the way are extremely crucial to build and enhance brand engagement, which ultimately reflects in new acquisitions, as well as gives users a good reason to stay on.To get in touch with us, visit http://www.luckystarsapp.com
ISLAMABAD, April 20 Pakistan's Supreme Court on Thursday ordered further investigations into corruption allegations levelled by the opposition against Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif, saying there was insufficient evidence to order his removal from office.
The court late last year launched an investigation into Sharif's family's offshore wealth after opposition politicians threatened to launch street protests.
The opposition accuses Sharif of failing to explain the source of money in offshore companies owned by his children and of lying to parliament. Sharif and his family have denied wrongdoing. (Writing by Tommy Wilkes)
Contact
Sally Marks
***@goaj.org Sally Marks
End
-- Applications for substitute teachers, nurses, medical assistants and more are currently being accepted at www.ajusd.org.for the Apache Junction Unified School District in Arizona.The application must be completed online and takes about 45 to 60 minutes to complete, however the process does not have to be finished in one sitting. The application, guidelines and directions can be found on the AJUSD website under Departments/Human Resources/How to apply/New Application.For more information call 480-982-1110, ext. 2047.About AJUSD:The Apache Junction Unified School District serves 4,000 students in a 217-square mile area that includes the City of Apache Junction, Gold Canyon, Peralta Trail, Queen Valley and the unincorporated areas of the Superstition Mountain foothills. Formed in 1952, the K-12 district provides a quality education to its students and is proud of the variety of educational programs offered. AJUSD has a reputation for innovative approaches to education. The guiding philosophy of the school district is to put all students in the best position to succeed academically, emotionally and physically. Committed to low teacher/student ratios and individualized instruction, the focus of AJUSD is centered on a 'College Readiness For All' curriculum for every student in every grade. For more information call 480-982-1110, or visit www.ajusd.org or www.facebook.com/ajusd43.
May 2 Gilead Sciences Inc on Tuesday reported a 25 percent drop in first-quarter profit as fewer patients were treated with its flagship drugs for hepatitis C, sending shares of the biotechnology company down 2 percent.
Quarterly sales of hepatitis C drugs Sovaldi, Harvoni and Epclusa totaled $2.6 billion, down from $4.3 billion a year earlier. Wall street analysts, on average, expected first-quarter hepatitis C drug sales of $2.65 billion, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S.
Gilead warned earlier this year that sales of the high-priced drugs were declining due to a combination of fewer patients being deemed eligible for treatment and growing competition from other drugmakers.
Gilead's first-quarter net income fell to $2.7 billion from $3.6 billion a year earlier. Adjusting for one-time items, Gilead said it earned $2.23 a share in the quarter.
Overall revenue fell to $6.5 billion from $7.8 billion.
The company repeated its previous forecast for overall 2017 product sales of $22.5 billion to $24.5 billion.
Shares of Gilead were down nearly 2 percent at $67.30 in after-hours trading. (Reporting by Deena Beasley in Los Angeles; Editing by Matthew Lewis)
April 28 Fujian SBS Zipper Science&Technology Co Ltd:
* Sees net profit for H1 2017 to fluctuate by -15 percent to 15 percent, or to be 53.5 million yuan to 72.4 million yuan, compared to net profit of the same period in 2016 (62.9 million yuan)
Source text in Chinese: goo.gl/IT7uMR
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
* Rand rises in response to rate decision
* One of of six MPC members votes to cut rate
* Inflation, growth seen improving (Adds governor, analyst quotes)
By Olivia Kumwenda-Mtambo
PRETORIA, March 30 South Africa's central bank kept its benchmark repo rate unchanged at 7 percent on Thursday, in line with expectations, saying the exchange rate had re-emerged as a risk to inflation following an increase in domestic political uncertainty.
Governor Lesetja Kganyago said while the near-term inflation and growth outlooks had improved and the bank had reached the end of its tightening cycle, the sharp fall of the rand posed a risk. The currency tumbled this week on President Jacob Zuma's plan to fire Finance Minister Pravin Grodhan.
The ANC-allied South African Communist Party said earlier it objects to Zuma's intention to sack Gordhan and his deputy Mcebisi Jonas, in the first public confirmation that Zuma intends to dismiss the ministers.
The rand responded to the rate decision by gaining to 12.8225 by 1330 GMT, just shy of a session high of 12.82. Government bonds also firmed.
"While most measures of emerging market risk have narrowed over recent months, those for South Africa have widened again over the past few days," Kganyago told a media conference in Pretoria, alluding the political uncertainty.
"The rand is likely to react further to unfolding developments until a greater degree of certainty and confidence is restored."
Five of the six members of the Monetary Policy Committee voted to keep the rate unchanged, while one voted for a 25 basis points reduction. The bank has raised rates cumulatively by 200 basis points since early 2014.
The bank revised its inflation outlook, predicting that inflation would fall back into its target range of between 3 and 6 percent by the second quarter of the year, two quarters earlier than its previous forecast.
All 30 economists surveyed in a Reuters poll last week predicted the bank would keep rates on hold.
The bank raised its forecast for economic growth to 1.2 percent in 2017 and 1.7 percent in 2018 citing modest improvements in the manufacturing and mining sectors, but warned that economic activity remained constrained.
"The MPC is concerned that increased political uncertainty could impact negatively on private sector investment and household consumption expenditure," Kganyago said.
Sizwe Nxedlana, chief economist at First National Bank, said the bank's dovish tone suggested it was less worried about inflation, but noted that "the recent political uncertainty and the associated rand weakness has reduced the odds of a rate cut later this year." (Additional reporting by TJ Strydom in Pretoria; Writing by Mfuneko Toyana; Editing by James Macharia)
A teenager who was paid to party with Tongans in New Zealand on a special seasonal work scheme says the men plied her and her underage sister and friends with drugs and alcohol before having sex with them.
The men, part of the Recognised Seasonal Employer scheme, were sent back to Tonga in disgrace earlier this year.
But the teen says the men would summons the girls - three of whom were only 15 - several times a week over a six month period.
"We were young," she told 1 NEWS. "We grew up not having anything. When the money came in we just went there, alcohol and drugs, whatever was there we took it."
She says her family has been ostracised since the Tongan community found out.
"Everyone is ashamed of what we have done because they put the blame on us."
The teen's mother is calling for the Tongan Government to punish the men.
"I want this raised with the highest authority so those who have done this terrible thing to my daughter are dealt with by the appropriate law," she told 1 NEWS.
But the scheme's liaison officer, Sefita Hao'uli, says when he was initially informed of the problem he wasn't told some of the girls were underage. Police have since been informed, he said.
"We have put in place a code of conduct that prohibits alcohol," Mr Hao'uli told us.
"Unfortunately by law we cannot make it illegal for people to drink."
SAN FRANCISCO Luminar, a Silicon Valley start-up, is getting ready to manufacture its laser-based sensor for self-driving cars, a key component that would improve vehicle safety, the company said on Thursday.
Founded in 2012 by two photonics experts, Luminar has kept a low profile in the race between automakers, startups and major technology companies to roll out self-driving cars for the masses.
Luminar is ramping up a manufacturing facility in Orlando, Florida, for its first run of 10,000 Lidar sensors later this year, Chief Executive Austin Russell said in an interview.
Lidar, which stands for Light Detection and Ranging, shoots out light pulses that are reflected off objects, allowing self-driving cars to "see" their environment. Many self-driving experts regard it as a crucial component, along with other sensors such as cameras and radars.
Lidar has been the subject of an ongoing trade secrets lawsuit between Alphabet Inc (GOOGL.O) unit Waymo and Uber.
Waymo alleges that a former employee stole intellectual property about its Lidar system that was later copied by Uber.
Russell said Lidars for self-driving cars on the market were developed from hardware that existed before autonomous cars. Their limitations in range and resolution make them unfit for the safe rollout of self-driving cars, he noted.
Luminar addresses those shortfalls by using a 1550 nanometer wavelength that provides 50 times greater resolution and 10 times the range of the best rival Lidars, Russell said.
That means a car can "see" a black object with reflectivity of 10 percent clearly from 200 meters away, he said. By contrast, the so-called "Puck" Lidar from Velodyne, a company that makes most of the Lidar used in self-driving prototypes today, has a range of 100 meters.
Russell said four companies, including automakers and technology firms which he did not identify, were testing their products on prototype driverless cars.
Russell said manufacturers should focus on perfecting Lidar's capabilities instead of lowering prices to make self-driving cars more affordable for the public.
"As price comes down, performance comes down with it," he said.
(Reporting by Alexandria Sage; Editing by Richard Chang)
UPDATE 2-U.S. regulators still reviewing Fiat Chrysler diesel vehicle fix -lawyer
WASHINGTON, June 14 A U.S. Justice Department lawyer said at a court hearing on Wednesday it could take "weeks or months" before regulators decide whether to approve a software fix for Fiat Chrysler Automobiles NV diesel vehicles.
ANKARA The results from Turkish autopsies on the victims of a suspected poison gas attack in northwest Syria will be sent to the Dutch capital of The Hague for an additional examination, Turkish Health Minister Recep Akdag said on Thursday.
The suspected chemical attack believed to have been carried out by Syrian government forces killed at least 70 people in the rebel-held Idlib province on Tuesday. Thirty-two victims have been brought to Turkey and three have subsequently died during treatment.
(Reporting by Tuvan Gumrukcu; Editing by David Dolan)
NRG Energy's GenOn unit files for bankruptcy
WILMINGTON, Del., June 14 NRG Energy Inc's GenOn business filed for bankruptcy on Wednesday with an agreement with bondholders to cut $1.75 billion of its debt and restructure the power generator as a standalone business, according to a securities filing.
April 10 U.S. wireless carrier AT&T Inc said on Monday it would buy Straight Path Communications Inc , a holder of licenses to wireless spectrum, for $1.25 billion.
The No.2 U.S. carrier said it would offer $95.63 per share, a premium of 162.1 percent to Straight Path's Friday close. (Reporting by Aishwarya Venugopal in Bengaluru; Editing by Shounak Dasgupta)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Romania's president asks ruling coalition to solve internal crisis
BUCHAREST, June 15 Romanian President Klaus Iohannis on Thursday called on politicians to solve the country's political crisis and will only appoint a new prime minister if the incumbent resigns or loses a non-confidence vote in parliament, his spokeswoman said on Thursday.
April 3 National Bank Of Kenya Ltd:
* FY group profit before tax and exceptional items of 182.7 million shillings versus loss of 1.64 billion shillings year ago
* FY group net interest income 8.02 billion shillings versus 6.40 billion shillings year ago
* Says directors do not recommend the payment of dividend Source: j.mp/2os2k7H Further company coverage: (Bangalore.newsroom@thomsonreuters.com)
UPDATE 4-GE merges power units as exec who lost out on GE CEO job retires
SEATTLE, June 14 General Electric Co said on Wednesday it will combine its power and energy distribution businesses to create its largest unit by revenue as the top executive at GE Power announced his retirement after failing to win the conglomerate's CEO job.
UPDATE 2-U.S. shipping terminal reopens after 'dirty bomb' threat
June 15 A terminal at the Port of Charleston in South Carolina will reopen and the safety zone has been lifted, the U.S. Coast Guard said on Thursday, after investigating a threat of a "dirty bomb" on a container ship.
April 3 Kindred Group Plc
* Exchange rates for the first quarter of 2017
* Says weighted average impact of GPB against Kindred Group's main currencies was a positive impact on gross winnings revenue of approximately 10-11 percent in Q1 of 2017
* Says while this has no material impact on the underlying development in Kindred Group's business, it does affect the reported results when translated into GBP Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
LONDON, April 13 Anglo-Dutch consumer group Unilever has decided to work with Morgan Stanley and Goldman Sachs on the sale of its margarine and spreads business, which was announced last week, sources told Reuters on Thursday.
The sale, which could fetch as much as 6 billion pounds ($7.52 billion), is expected to kick off later this year, the sources said, following a far-reaching review of Unilever's business prompted by February's unsolicited $143 billion takeover offer from Kraft Heinz.
Morgan Stanley and Goldman Sachs are mainly targeting private equity bidders which could team up in large consortia to finance the bid, said the sources, who declined to be identified as the process is private.
Unilever and Morgan Stanley declined to comment while Goldman Sachs was not immediately available to comment.
Goldman and Morgan Stanley have both worked with Unilever on deals in the past. Morgan Stanley worked on Unilever's defence against Kraft.
Unilever said last week that it planned to sell the spreads business by year-end, but would also prepare it for a spin-off if a sale could not be completed.
($1 = 0.7976 pounds) (Editing by Jane Merriman)
Bank of America to lay off more workers
June 15 Bank of America Corp has begun laying off employees in its operations and technology division, part of the second-largest U.S. bank's plan to cut costs.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Liverpool target Alisson may have moved a step closer to a Roma departure.
A report on French website L'Equipe states that Roma has started looking at replacements for the 25-year-old as speculation mounts on his future.
Liverpool have been linked with a mammoth £70m move for the keeper, a figure which has caused the Anfield hierarchy to look elswehere.
Yet according to L'Equipe, Roma are open to selling Alisson, and have prepared for his departure by monitoring the situation of Toulouse teenager Alban Lafont.
That could leave the door open for Alisson to depart - although Roma will have to lower their asking price to tempt clubs into making a bid for their star man.
Liverpool's actions in the summer depend on the development of Loris Karius.
If Karius maintains his current standards until May then Liverpool are likely to be in the market for someone to compete with him rather than replace him.
But if L'Equipe are to be believed, Roma have started preparing for Alisson's departure.
His next destination, however, remains very much unclear.
Financial boost
Liverpool's progress to the quarter finals of the Champions League has guaranteed a £50m windfall, reports the Liverpool Echo .
Jurgen Klopp's men have so far triggered payments from UEFA of €56m, obviously rising the further they go in the competition.
Reporter James Pearce writes around £20m is from the TV pool, with a further £18.5m in prize money - the rest is the guaranteed fixed payment for all clubs who reach the group stage.
It underlines the importance of Liverpool's return to Europe's elite after a three-year absence.
The Reds recently announced record revenues of £364m for the year up to the end of May 2017 – a sharp rise of 20.5% - with a profit of £39m.
However, that was a season without European football and partly explains why the club's turnover still remains so far behind the likes of Manchester United (£581m), Manchester City (£473m) and Arsenal (£423m).
Data compiled by the excellent Swiss Ramble blog compares the Reds' financial performance to their main Premier League rivals.
Liverpool's profit of £39m for 2016/17 is bettered only by Leicester City (£92m), Manchester United (£57m), Arsenal (£45m) and West Ham (£43m).
Halo goodbye
Match Of The Day host Gary Lineker has caused a stir with comments about former Liverpool star Jamie Carragher and his controversial spitting controversy.
He was suspended by Sky Sports on Monday after footage showed him spitting at the 14-year-old Manchester United fan and her dad.
After being shown the Mirror's ­exclusive footage of the spit shame, Carragher told Sky News: “I have no excuse and it is ­devastating for the family involved and my own family, but it is my actions which have brought that on."
The incident led to a cheeky tweet from Gary Lineker which poked fun at the Sky Sports ban.
Carragher was called to London on Monday for talks with Sky Sports chiefs before the broadcasting company announced he was suspended from work.
The former Liverpool captain, who is a regular on MNF, was due to appear on the show covering Stoke City's clash against Manchester City.
His absence led Lineker to tweeting: "Seems @ Carra23 can't do it on a cold, damp Monday night at Stoke."
However, the Match of the Day presenter's comments didn't go down well with Sky Sports' stalwart Shreeves, who replied: "Good luck with your halo. Threw your toys out the pram when @mrjakehumphrey commented on a graphics mistake."
Lineker responded: "You've gone too early with that one. Read next tweet."
Shreeves added: "No I haven't. Never right and never funny."
The second tweet Lineker refers to in his row with Shreeves, reads: "On a serious note, we all make mistakes, @ Carra23 made a big one. He's apologised and is clearly contrite. Sure he'll be back soon and rightly so."
Sky Sports decided to say nothing on the incident during their Monday Night Football show.
When it comes to applying advanced analytics, HR is falling short of perceiving the need to leverage the capabilities analytics can provide. With regard to talent management, the hyper-competitive job market has made it difficult to acquire and retain the right talent. The new generation of workforce portrays a forward-thinking attitude, they tend to expect more from an organization and a job profile. Thus traditional practices to engage and employ them does not make sense anymore. The need to utilize advanced analytics to study and improve talent management solutions must be prioritized by managers and CHROs.
Initially, the lack of analytical competency was directed towards the scarcity of data within the HR department, but that is not the case now. Data tracking and gathering is happening on a regular basis and the database for employee information is being enriched with valuable material. Employee surveys, reliving statements, social media blogs, online company reviews, employee suggestion, feedback reports and frequent update on employee credentials are all being used to develop the volume of constructive data available to make insightful decisions.
HR analytics is the key to inspect and improve work efficiency. It simplifies data metrics and improves the process of hiring, progress monitoring, employee compensations and strategic planning.
So how can the collection of informative statistics be used to strategize efficient talent management solutions and acquisition programs?
Prescriptive Analytics
Apart from descriptive and predictive analytics, a comparatively new approach to data interpretation is prescriptive analytics; which is expected to significantly influence the market for advanced HR analytics . The use of prescriptive models enables analysts to foresee possibilities of flight risks or shortage of staffing and recommend several action plans for the same. When it comes to talent management, solutions for employee retention and reforming productivity targets to reach optimum results can be monitored on real time basis and can be analyzed to prescribe appropriate solutions.
Frequent Performance Reviews
The idea behind annual performance reviews is slowly being pushed to the dark. With the support from advanced HR analytics, real-time data monitoring is being highly spread across to managers. These statistics and reports are being utilized to regularly conduct assessment and performance reviews, which can provide more opportunities for employees to get an understanding of their accomplishments and improvise on their capabilities. Constant monitoring of performance can improve employee engagement and their attitude towards work. They can streamline their work process and prioritize tasks. Knowing one's level of competence can significantly improve the benchmark for future recruits and increase the market value of the organization.
Personalizing programs
Apart from commercial revenue and customer satisfaction, one of the top criteria to measure the success and reputation of an organization is employee experience and their contentment towards the company. In order to accomplish this critical goal, managers are trying to personalize employee experiences as much as possible to retain talented resources. Advanced HR analytics can gather discrete data related to each employee, with this, training modules and development activities can be designed according to individual personalities and interests. Customizing approaches towards overcoming employee challenges reassures them of their trust towards the company. When employees get a feel of belonging and involvement towards the organization, they tend to outshine average performance.
Enhanced Recruitment and Retention Practices
Hiring the right talent for the job has always been time-consuming and a bit tedious too. Though it is a critical aspect of talent management; recruiters struggle to find capable skills for their requirement. Advanced analytical tools can be used to predict the necessary character traits and skill sets required for the job. It can also operate to filter shortlisted candidates based on their submissions. HR analysts leverage the capabilities of advanced analytics to study time management, employee behavior and abilities to generate necessary strategy plan to retain them and document the essential steps needed to keep them motivated throughout their service period at the organization.
March 31 Asia Pacific Wire & Cable Corp Ltd :
* Asia Pacific Wire & Cable announces sale of land and buildings at its Ningbo Pacific Cable subsidiary for us$8.8 million and a restatement of prior financial statements
* Asia Pacific Wire & Cable Corp Ltd - deal for a cash purchase price of RMB 60.6 million
* Asia Pacific Wire & Cable Corp Ltd - sale of Ningbo's Land and Buildings resulted in a gain of approximately us$4.2 million
* Asia Pacific Wire & Cable Corp Ltd - company is also in process of selling machinery utilized in facility
* Asia Pacific Wire & Cable - sale includes 27,000 total square meter facility used in manufacture of electronic wire and about 11 acres of adjacent land Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
A view of the exterior of the JP Morgan Chase & Co. corporate headquarters in New York City May 20, 2015. REUTERS/Mike Segar/Files
NEW YORK JPMorgan Chase & Co (JPM.N) shareholders will again vote on a proposal calling for the board to select a chairman who is not the company's chief executive, according to a proxy statement filed on Wednesday for the company's annual meeting on May 16.
The board said in the proxy that it is against the measure, which was proposed by a shareholder who contends that good corporate governance requires an independent chairman. The board and current Chairman and Chief Executive Jamie Dimon have defeated similar proposals in the past.
A year ago, a similar proposal received only 32.6 percent of votes cast at the annual meeting of the company, which is the biggest U.S. bank by assets. The biggest share the measure has won recently was 40 percent in 2012.
Bank of America Corp (BAC.N), the second-biggest U.S. bank, also has one person who is both chairman and chief executive and will hold a vote on a similar shareholder proposal on April 26.
Wells Fargo & Co (WFC.N) and Citigroup Inc, (C.N) the third and fourth biggest U.S. banks, have different people in the two roles.
(Reporting by David Henry in New York; Editing by Bill Trott and Meredith Mazzilli)
FILE PHOTO: Bank of Japan (BOJ) Governor Haruhiko Kuroda speaks during an upper house financial committee meeting of the Parliament in Tokyo, Japan February 18, 2016. REUTERS/Toru Hanai/File Photo
TOKYO Bank of Japan Governor Haruhiko Kuroda on Monday reiterated the central bank's resolve to maintain its massive monetary stimulus until inflation is stably above its 2 percent target.
"Japan's economy continues to recover moderately as a trend. As for the outlook, it is expected to turn to a moderate expansion," Kuroda said in a quarterly meeting of the central bank's regional branch managers.
Under a new policy framework launched in September last year, the BOJ now guides short-term interest rates at minus 0.1 percent and the 10-year Japanese government bond yield around zero percent through aggressive asset purchases.
(Reporting by Leika Kihara; Editing by Chris Gallagher)
May 2 Paycom Software Inc
* Paycom Software Inc reports first quarter 2017 results
* Q1 non-GAAP earnings per share $0.47
* Q1 GAAP earnings per share $0.43
* Sees Q2 2017 revenue $94.5 million to $96.5 million
* Q1 earnings per share view $0.41 -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* Paycom Software Inc qtrly total revenues of $119.5 million represented a 33% increase compared to total revenues of $90.1 million in same period last year
* Paycom Software Inc sees Q2 adjusted EBITDA in range of $22.0 million to $24.0 million
* Paycom Software Inc sees FY 2017 adjusted EBITDA in range of $117 million to $119 million
* Q2 revenue view $94.7 million -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* Sees FY 2017 total revenues $426 million to $428 million
* Q1 revenue view $115.8 million -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* Q2 revenue view $94.7 million -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* FY2017 revenue view $423.2 million -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Albion boss Alan Pardew bemoaned the frantic three-game week that he believes cost his side as Southampton took the spoils after a 3-2 victory at The Hawthorns.
Having expended plenty of energy in the FA Cup victory at Liverpool last weekend, then having visited Manchester City on Wednesday, Albion left themselves little in reserve for the crucial relegation encounter against the Saints.
Seven first-team players were unavailable to Pardew because of various injuries, and their visitors took full advantage with an impressive display and three goals.
This was despite a promising start that saw Albion take the lead within five minutes through Ahmed Hegazi's bullet header from a corner.
It leaves Pardew's Baggies four points adrift at the bottom of the table - and he felt his side were spent by the end.
“The squad was a little bit light today in terms of freshening things up, and I think that showed,” he said after the match.
“They looked a bit fresher than us, a couple of changes they made in midfield.
“They had a bit more energy, particularly [Mario] Lemina - I thought he was a handful for us.
“It was difficult for us to cope with him today.
“We got off to a great start, we could have got a second goal from a set-play, which was a bit unfortunate, and then that twenty minutes before half time was the period we lost the game.
“We just looked a little bit off the pace then, and they got the two goals at a good time for them.
“Two quick goals - that hurt us as well.”
RATINGS
Southampton claimed all three points in a frenetic Premier League match at The Hawthorns which only leaves hosts West Bromwich Albion in deeper trouble at the bottom of the table.
Goals from Mario Lemina and Jack Stephens turned the game on its head after Ahmed Hegazi's opener, and James Ward-Prowse, from a free-kick in the second half, sealed the 3-2 victory.
Salomon Rondon pulled on back in the last twenty minutes, but it proved to be in vain and the Saints inflicted a serious blow to their survival hopes, while strengthening their own.
Alan Pardew handed Daniel Sturridge his first start for the Baggies, having arrived at the club on loan from Liverpool on Monday.
Mauricio Pellegrino also flaunted his own new attacker, £19m forward Guido Carrillo, who started for the first time since his move from Monaco last month.
It was an emotionally charged afternoon at The Hawthorns, as Albion paid tribute to the late Cyrille Regis prior to kick off.
Here's how Albion rated.
Foster - 7
Could have done very little about Southampton's first-half goals. If anything, Foster was one of the better players for Albion.
He pulled off an expert save to deny Carrillo before Lemina's equaliser and his collection from crosses was top drawer.
Was left unsighted for the third.
Dawson - 5
Struggled, like Nyom on the opposing side, to handle livewire Boufal for much of the afternoon.
The pairing with Phillips on the right hand side, which usually is cohesive, didn't offer the same threat.
McAuley - 5
The captain saved his side when Tadic got in between Foster and Hegazi, but he also fouled Hoedt in the build up to Ward-Prowse's eventual winner.
Plenty for him to deal with as Carrillo kept Albion busy too.
Hegazi - 7
A bullet header from Chris Brunt's corner to begin proceedings was met with rapturous cheers.
That should have set the tone for the afternoon, but the performance never came.
Nyom - 5
Played on his weaker side, Nyom got forward on a couple of occasions in the first half and offered testing crosses.
Defensively, though, the Cameroonian struggled to cope with the lively Tadic and Boufal for large periods.
Yacob - 5
Certainly effective in a midfield three, Yacob struggled as just a pair alongside veteran Gareth Barry.
The legs and drive of Grzegorz Krychowiak were certainly missed.
Replaced after an hour.
Barry - 5
Booked for a lunge on Romeu in the first half, and had to watch himself from thereon in.
Tidy on the ball, as always, but featuring as a two alongside Yacob saw him overrun on a number of occasions.
Brunt - 7
A typical Brunt delivery set up Hegazi's opening goal. Another brilliant ball in the second half, this one from open play, provided Rondon the chance to head home - and he duly obliged.
One of the more positive performances from an Albion player today.
Phillips - 5
His deliveries weren't at the required level today.
The winger offered pace and width, but wasn't able to affect the game in the final third.
Lost a crucial 50-50 in the build up to the corner from Lemina's opener.
Rondon - 6
Ran and ran in the first half, but passed up a couple of openings.
Played in Burke for his golden chance, and linked up better generally with Rodriguez when he entered the fray.
Sturridge - 6
Looked lively with the ball at his feet, though the supply wasn't always what he's enjoyed at Liverpool.
Had one chance, from a tight angle in the first half, but generally he'll hope for better in the coming weeks.
Subs
Rodriguez (for Sturridge, 62) - 6
Perhaps unlucky to be dropped, having been in such fine form, but he looked a man on a mission when he came on.
Involved in some positive build up play that didn't bear any fruit.
Burke (for Yacob, 62) - 6
Provided a fresh pair of legs and demonstrated his searing pace within minutes of entering the fray.
Stayed on his feet under a challenge from McCarthy and appeared a chance missed - but could he have had a penalty?
McClean (for Nyom, 77) - 5
Provided an urgency when he came on.
A poor cross proved to waste an opportunity in the latter stages, and he then lost the ball deep into stoppage time as Albion looked to mount an attack to rescue the game.
Subs not used: Myhill, Jameson, Harper, Field
Southampton - McCarthy; Cedric, Stephens, Hoedt, Bertrand; Lemina, Romeu, Ward-Prowse, Boufal (Hojberg 85), Tadic (Redmond, 88); Carrillo (Long, 75)
Subs not used: Forster, Yoshida, Davis, Gabbiadini
GOALS
Albion - Hegazi (4), Rondon (72); Southampton - Lemina (4), Stephens (43), Ward-Prowse (55)
REF - Michael Oliver (Northumberland)
ATTENDANCE : 25,911 (2,175 away)
NEXT UP: Chelsea (a) - Monday 12 February (8pm KO)
By Osamu Tsukimori TOKYO, April 28 Power sales at Japan's former regional utilities dropped for the sixth straight year in the year through March, as more and more retail accounts have drifted away since the government opened up the market last April. The energy sector has been in flux in the wake of the Fukushima nuclear disaster of 2011, and in the last year the government has removed the final barriers to cross-ownership between gas and electricity suppliers. Power sales at the 10 former regional monopolies totalled 783.4 billion kWh in the year to March 31. That was down 1.7 percent from the previous year, a Reuters survey showed, and about 15 percent off the record high recorded in the year to March 2008. Sales are likely to slide more in the current business year, with all eight of the utilities that reported outlooks projecting another drop this year. Industry-wide revenues fell 7.1 percent in the year through March to 18.06 trillion yen ($162 billion), with only Shikoku Electric, which has seen relatively little new competition, recording an increase. Sales at Fukushima operator Tokyo Electric (Tepco) tumbled 11.7 percent. The company has lost a hefty 1.81 million retail power customers on its home turf in the greater Tokyo area as new suppliers have jumped into the market. To offset that, Tepco has attracted about 50,000 retail power customers outside of its home area in the first year of liberalisation, although that fell short of its target of 200,000 accounts. Overall, the 10 former big power utilities lost a combined 3.43 million retail power customers in the year since the market was opened up, with the impact of liberalisation felt nationwide. Chugoku Electric Power, headquartered in Hiroshima in western Japan, was no exception, losing around 40,000 retail customers. "More than 50 (new power entrants) have offered services in our home area, spurring full-fledged competition," Akira Sasaki, deputy general manager of Chugoku's Tokyo Office, told reporters. All the former monopolies that own nuclear plants reported falls in recurring profit, or pre-tax earnings before one-off items, except for Kyushu Electric, which has restarted its Sendai nuclear plant. A survey of the 10 utilities showed they had together lost 3.43 million retail accounts as of the end of March. In return, they have acquired only about 168,000 retail customers in other utilities' areas. To make up for the loss of customers, some are moving quickly into the city retail gas market, with the sector - worth more than $20 billion a year - having opened up this month to companies beyond the regional firms that have typically piped gas to homes around the country. Kansai Electric Power Co is leading this pack, having gained about 140,000 city gas retail customers so far to compete with Osaka Gas, which has picked up about 320,000 of its retail power accounts in return. The following table shows the number of switches to new power providers made by retail power users in each area of the former monopolies. The percentages are the ratio of the number of switched accounts to each utility's total retail power accounts. The number of retail power accounts the utilities have gained in other firms' home turfs is mentioned in acquired column. Lost ratio Acquired Utility end-March end-March other areas Hokkaido Electric 164,600 6.0% n/a Tohoku Electric 121,800 2.2% 260 Tepco 1,813,800 7.9% 50,000 Chubu Electric 295,100 3.9% 100,000 Hokuriku Electric 20,600 1.7% 1,650 Kansai Electric 721,500 7.2% 12,000 Chugoku Electric 40,300 1.2% 1,100 Shikoku Electric 32,900 1.7% 600 Kyushu Electric 217,300 3.5% 2,300 Okinawa Electric 0 0.0% n/a Total 3,427,900 5.5% 167,910 ($1 = 111.4400 yen) (Additional reporting by Aaron Sheldrick; Editing by Hugh Lawson)
FILE PHOTO: The logo of the French bank Société Générale is seen in front of the bank's headquarters building at La Defense business and financial district in Courbevoie near Paris, France, April 21, 2016. REUTERS/Gonzalo Fuentes/File Photo
LONDON Libya's $67 billion sovereign wealth fund will go head-to-head with Société Générale in London's High Court on Tuesday over claims the French investment bank paid $58.5 million (45.65 million pounds) in bribes to secure business from the fund.
The Libyan Investment Authority (LIA) is pursuing SocGen (SOGN.PA) in relation to five trades totalling $2.1 billion, executed between 2007 and 2009, before Colonel Muammar Gaddafi was ousted as Libyan leader.
The LIA claims the trades were secured as part of a "fraudulent and corrupt scheme" involving the payment of $58.5 million by SocGen to a Panamanian-registered company called Lenaida, controlled at the time by Libyan businessman Walid Giahmi. Lenaida was dissolved in 2010.
In its latest annual report SocGen said that it "firmly refutes such allegations and any claim calling into question the lawfulness of these investments".
Giahmi, who is also named as a defendant in the suit, maintains that he is a legitimate businessman and there was never a fraudulent and corrupt scheme.
According to the LIA, Giahmi was in a position to act as a middleman because of his connections with what the fund calls 'Gaddafi Associates', in particular Saif Gaddafi, one of the leader's sons.
In a pre-trial hearing last May, the judge ruled in favour of the LIA's requests for further disclosure by Giahmi of phone and banking records to shed light on the nature of the alleged relationship.
Libya set up the LIA in 2006 with the aim of investing the large reserves accumulated from its oil revenues and integrating its economy into the international financial system after years of sanctions. It quickly became a magnet for foreign banks and fund managers.
The leadership of the LIA remains contested, in a dispute that mirrors the fragmented nature of the country since the fall of Gaddafi in 2011.
Last summer the fund lost a high-profile case against Goldman Sachs in which it tried to claw back $1.2 billion from the Wall Street firm in relation to nine equity derivatives investments carried out in 2008.
In that trial, the LIA argued that Goldman exercised "undue influence" and "unconscionable bargaining" to get it to enter the trades, and that it was too unsophisticated to understand what it was buying. However, the judge ruled in favour of Goldman, saying key decision-makers at the fund had understood the trades and the risks.
The LIA sought permission to appeal but is still waiting to hear the outcome of this.
The case against SocGen and Giahmi is more complex and involves allegations by the LIA that the payments to Lenaida were made with the aim of directly or indirectly influencing the LIA to enter into the disputed trades.
The trial is expected to run until July 31. Some witnesses appearing for SocGen will give evidence in private to avoid self-incrimination, as the French bank is also being investigated by U.S. authorities in connection with deals involving Libya.
In April 2014 the U.S. Department of Justice served Société Générale with a subpoena requesting documents relating to transactions with Libyan entities and individuals, including the LIA.
In October 2016 the Securities and Exchange Commission served SocGen with a subpoena for the same purpose. Société Générale said in its last annual report that it was cooperating with U.S. authorities.
(Reporting by Claire Milhench; Editing by Mark Trevelyan)
The Sun Sentinel Names One Park Financial a Winner of the South FL 2017 Top Workplaces Award MIAMI - April 17, 2017 - PRLog -- One Park Financial has been awarded a 2017
One Park Financial, a leading financial tech firm changing the way business owners receive funding, is officially one of the top places to work in South Florida. "We're honored our team members, or Grovies, awarded us the Top Places to Work. Receiving this award is a huge honor and we know that we cannot achieve our continued success without all of us working towards the same goals in an exciting, creative, and driven workplace." says John M. Lie-Nielsen, CEO of One Park Financial. One Park prides itself on their welcoming and team oriented culture which is fueled by their Core Values. Each employee is expected to live by the four values: Results, Client's Success, Taking Risks and Fun. These values allow each employee to constantly strive for success while working in a healthy environment.
"The Top Workplaces award is not a popularity contest. And oftentimes, people assume it's all about fancy perks and benefits." says Doug Claffey, CEO of WorkplaceDynamics. "But to be a Top Workplace, organizations must meet our strict standards for organizational health. And who better to ask about work life than the people who live the culture every day—the employees. Time and time again, our research has proven that what's most important to them is a strong belief in where the organization is headed, how it's going to get there, and the feeling that everyone is in it together. Claffey adds, "Without this sense of connection, an organization doesn't have a shot at being named a Top Workplace."
Aside from their core values, One Park Financial fuels it's culture with monthly potlucks, volunteering opportunities with the United Way and office competitions. They aim to encourage team building and want to reward their employees for all the hard work they put into the Company. "It is great to earn this recognition for our team members who work so hard to make One Park a great place to work," says President of One Park Financial, Ben McCrery.
One Park Financial is located at 3390 Mary Street, Suite 305, Coconut Grove, FL 33133. For more information, you can visit
Follow Us!
Instagram:
Facebook:
###
About One Park Financial
Since 2010, One Park Financial LLC has been a leading provider of Business Financing and Factoring Loans. We provide business loans, credit lines and cash advances to small and mid-size businesses, providing capital to healthy but under-served businesses without the time, documentation and availability issues associated with an SBA or conventional bank loan. Our service offers the industry's best alternative to a small business loan. Unlike a bank loan, that requires a lengthy approval process, our services are simple and fast. We are constantly striving to provide businesses with best-in-class service as we support their business needs. End -- One Park Financial has been awarded a 2017 Top Workplaces honor by The Sun Sentinel. The Top Workplaces lists are based solely on the results of an employee feedback survey administered by WorkplaceDynamics, LLC. Several aspects of workplace culture were measured, including Alignment, Execution, and Connection, just to name a few.One Park Financial, a leading financial tech firm changing the way business owners receive funding, is officially one of the top places to work in South Florida. "We're honored our team members, or Grovies, awarded us the Top Places to Work. Receiving this award is a huge honor and we know that we cannot achieve our continued success without all of us working towards the same goals in an exciting, creative, and driven workplace." says John M. Lie-Nielsen, CEO of One Park Financial. One Park prides itself on their welcoming and team oriented culture which is fueled by their Core Values. Each employee is expected to live by the four values: Results, Client's Success, Taking Risks and Fun. These values allow each employee to constantly strive for success while working in a healthy environment."The Top Workplaces award is not a popularity contest. And oftentimes, people assume it's all about fancy perks and benefits." says Doug Claffey, CEO of WorkplaceDynamics. "But to be a Top Workplace, organizations must meet our strict standards for organizational health. And who better to ask about work life than the people who live the culture every day—the employees. Time and time again, our research has proven that what's most important to them is a strong belief in where the organization is headed, how it's going to get there, and the feeling that everyone is in it together. Claffey adds, "Without this sense of connection, an organization doesn't have a shot at being named a Top Workplace."Aside from their core values, One Park Financial fuels it's culture with monthly potlucks, volunteering opportunities with the United Way and office competitions. They aim to encourage team building and want to reward their employees for all the hard work they put into the Company. "It is great to earn this recognition for our team members who work so hard to make One Park a great place to work," says President of One Park Financial, Ben McCrery.One Park Financial is located at 3390 Mary Street, Suite 305, Coconut Grove, FL 33133. For more information, you can visit https://www.oneparkfinancial.com/ or call 855.218.8813.Follow Us!Instagram: @1parkfinancial // Twitter: @1parkfinancialFacebook: www.facebook.com/ oneparkfinancial ###Since 2010, One Park Financial LLC has been a leading provider of Business Financing and Factoring Loans. We provide business loans, credit lines and cash advances to small and mid-size businesses, providing capital to healthy but under-served businesses without the time, documentation and availability issues associated with an SBA or conventional bank loan. Our service offers the industry's best alternative to a small business loan. Unlike a bank loan, that requires a lengthy approval process, our services are simple and fast. We are constantly striving to provide businesses with best-in-class service as we support their business needs. Source : One Park Financial Email : ***@oneparkfinancial.com Phone : 3054927845 Tags : Lenders , Award , Money , Small Business Industry : Banking , Business , Finance , Marketing , Media Location : Miami - Florida - United States Subject : Awards Account Phone Number Disclaimer Report Abuse Account Email AddressAccount Phone Number One Park Financial PRs One Park Financial Moves To New Location In The Heart Of Coconut Grove
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
April 12 Coca-Cola Bottling Co Consolidated :
* Coca-Cola Bottling Co Consolidated - on April 11, 2017, co and Coca-Cola Company enters into a non-binding letter of intent, the ' Somerset LOI '
* Coca-Cola Bottling Co Consolidated - Somerset LOI contemplates company exchanging certain of its exclusive distribution rights and associated assets licensed by Coca-Cola Co
* Coca-Cola Bottling Co - LOI also relates to certain cross-licensed brands located in South-Central Kentucky currently served by co 's distribution center located in Somerset Source text: (bit.ly/2oAfVci) Further company coverage:
NEW YORK, April 28 Stocks edged lower on Wall Street on Friday after data showing the U.S. economy grew at its weakest pace in three years in the first quarter gave traders a reason to cash in recent gains.
The Dow Jones Industrial Average fell 40.82 points, or 0.19 percent, to 20,940.51, the S&P 500 lost 4.58 points, or 0.19 percent, to 2,384.19 and the Nasdaq Composite dropped 1.33 points, or 0.02 percent, to 6,047.61.
For the week, the Dow rose 1.9 percent, the S&P gained 1.5 percent and the Nasdaq rose 2.3 percent.
During April, the Dow gained 1.3 percent, the S&P rose 0.9 percent and the Nasdaq jumped 2.3 percent.
(Reporting by Rodrigo Campos; Editing by Nick Zieminski)
A man walks by New York Stock Exchange in the financial district in New York, U.S., August 10, 2017.
NEW YORK (Reuters) - Bearish stock investors are slowly coming out of hibernation, as money has begun to move into funds that aim to profit when markets dive.
U.S. mutual funds that attempt to profit in falling markets attracted $413 million in new investments during the second quarter, the funds' largest inflows since the height of 2013's "Taper Tantrum" selloff, according to Thomson Reuters' Lipper research unit.
On Thursday, the S&P 500 experienced its first 1 percent-plus drop in 58 trading days, as the CBOE Volatility Index .VIX surged over 44 percent, noted Bespoke Investment Group.
The selling pressure in stocks follows a frustrating year-to-date for bearish stock investors, given that the S&P was up 10.5 percent since Dec. 31 as of Wednesday's close. As of Thursday's close, it is up 8.9 percent.
Markets this week were set in negative motion after the United States and North Korea exchanged threats. President Donald Trump said Thursday that his previous promise of "fire and fury" in response to any threats from North Korea may have not gone far enough, vowing "trouble" for the country if its actions do not change.
Brad Lamensdorf, portfolio manager for AdvisorShares Ranger Equity Bear ETF (HDGE.P), said he has seen demand for his fund partly driven by "people that feel like it's time to hedge."
"They're pretty negative from a forward-looking view," he said. The fund targets stocks with low earnings quality or potential accounting problems; it has attracted $20 million this year.
The demand for these funds comes after a long drought, and remains a mere drop in the bucket within the fund world. The funds posted outflows in nine of the last 15 quarters, according to Lipper.
By contrast, domestic stock mutual funds and exchange-traded funds have attracted $32 billion this year, including reinvested dividends, according to the Investment Company Institute, a trade group.
Demand for international stocks and bonds has been even stronger as investors tried to dial back exposure to U.S. stocks without the expensive costs attached to hedging strategies.
The bear funds keep a "net short" exposure to stocks, aiming to rise when markets fall. The cost of making that bet and the rising markets have helped the category deliver a negative 13.5 percent return this year, according to Lipper data through early August.
"It's sort of become almost a cliche that this has been the most hated bull market of all time, and I have a hard time buying into that," said Doug Ramsey, chief investment officer of the Leuthold Group LLC, whose firm offers a bear fund, the Grizzly Short Fund (GRZZX.O).
The company's tactical funds recently reduced their net equity exposure, but he said he could see another fresh top before entering a true bear market.
"We're only looking for a short-term setback here," he said.
Several major asset managers have expressed caution in recent days.
Bridgewater Associates LP's Ray Dalio wrote on Thursday that "prospective risks are now rising and do not appear appropriately priced in."
Russ Koesterich at BlackRock Inc (BLK.N) said in a note this week that tightening monetary policy in Europe and the United States could cause political uncertainty to morph "from farce into tragedy" by shaking investor confidence. Pacific Investment Management Company LLC portfolio managers Mihir Worah and Geraldine Sundstrom said U.S. equities are "popular and crowded."
But some investors see the moderate U.S. equity flows and strengthening demand for bearish funds as a contrarian sign that the markets may have more room to run.
The nonprofit American Association of Individual Investors found that 36.1 percent of investors it surveyed expect the market to rise in the next six months, 2 percentage points below that gauge's historical average. An above-average 32.1 percent of investors were bearish.
"You don't see the kind of euphoria that normally presents at the end of the cycle," said Leon Cooperman, chief executive of hedge fund Omega Advisors Inc. "I don't see sentiment characteristic of a top."
May 2 Deutsche Beteiligungs AG:
* Divests investment in Romaco Group
* Initially divest three quarters of its shares in this company to a strategic buyer
* DBAG-Managed DBAG Fund V will also divest a proportionate share of its holding, so that a 24.9 percent interest will initially still be held by DBAG and DBAG Fund V
* Remaining shares will be transferred within the next three years, enabling DBAG and DBAG Fund V to support Romaco's transition to its new owner
* New owner of Romaco Group is the Truking Group Source text - bit.ly/2qns0ms Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
Global Telemedicine Market is expected to grow at a CAGR of 16.8% and reach USD 56,738.3 by 2023. Increasing adoption of Electronic Health Record (EHR)/ Electronic Medical Record (EMR), rising prevalence of chronic diseases like diabetes, cancer, besides others followed by a dearth of physicians in the presence of increasing healthcare services demands drives the Global Telemedicine Market. However, the high cost of implementing telemedicine systems and the need for training along with stringent government regulations is estimated to restraint the market growth during the projected period.
To Explore More, Get PDF Sample Copy @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/sample_request/2216 .
Key Players for Global Telemedicine Market
The key players for the Global Telemedicine Market are AMD Global Telemedicine, Inc., CardioNet, CareClix, Cerner Corporation, Cisco, GENERAL ELECTRIC, IBM Corporation, Intel Corporation, Iris Telehealth, Koninklijke Philips N.V., Medtronic, SHL Telemedicine, TeleVital, Aerotel Medical Systems, Allscripts Healthcare Solutions, Cardiocom, Honeywell Lifesciences, Tunstall Healthcare, Care Innovations, Medvivo Group Ltd., Aerotel Medical Systems Ltd., and others.
Segments for Global Telemedicine Market
The Global Telemedicine Market is segmented on the basis of service type, component, deployment, application, and end user.
On the basis of the service type, the market is segmented into telenursing, telepharmacy, teleradiology, teledermatology, tele-oncology, others. On the basis of the component, the market is categorized into software and hardware. The software segment is sub-segmented into integrated software and standalone software. The hardware segment is sub-segmented into monitors and medical peripheral devices. On the basis of the deployment, the market is segmented into cloud-based and on premises. On the basis of the application, the market is segmented into cardiology, ophthalmology, psychiatry, radiology, dermatology, and others. On the basis of the end user, the market is segmented into hospitals, clinics, home care.
Regional Analysis for Global Telemedicine Market
The Americas dominate the Global Telemedicine Market due to the presence of a well-developed healthcare sector, increasing adoption of healthcare IT. According to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention in 2017, approximately 86.9% of the office-based physicians used EMR/EHR system
Europe stands second in the Global Telemedicine Market owing to increasing adoption of new technologies in the healthcare sector and increasing government support to address the healthcare demands. According to the Parliamentary Office of Science and Technology in 2016, the Integrated Digital Care Fund awarded approximately 63 million to NHS Trusts for facilitating the adoption of electronic health records.
Asia Pacific is estimated to be the fastest growing region due to a huge patient pool and growing telemedicine sector. Moreover, the presence of continuously developing economies like India, China and Australia within the region fuels the market growth. According to the Indian Brand Equity Foundation in 2017, telemedicine sector was estimated to be a fast emerging sector in India. The Indian Telemedicine Market is estimated to reach USD 32 million by 2020.
The Middle East & Africa has the least share in the Global Telemedicine Market due to the presence of poor economies, lack of healthcare services and stringent government policies, especially within the Africa region. It is estimated that a majority of the market of the Middle East & Africa is held by the Middle East.
Get Prime Discount on Report @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/check-discount/2216 .
Some Brief Table of Contents of Report
Chapter 1. Report Prologue
Chapter 2. Market Introduction
2.1 Definition
2.2 Scope Of The Study
2.2.1 Research Objective
2.2.2 Assumptions
2.2.3 Limitations
Chapter 3. Research Methodology
3.1 Introduction
3.2 Primary Research
3.3 Secondary Research
3.4 Market Size Estimation
Chapter 4. Market Dynamics
4.1 Drivers
4.2 Restrains
4.3 Opportunities
4.4 Challenges
4.5 Macroeconomic Indicators
4.6 Technology Trends & Assessment
Chapter 5. Market Factor Analysis
5.1 Porters Five Forces Analysis
5.1.1 Bargaining Power Of Suppliers
TOC Continued…
LIST OF TABLES
TABLE 1 GLOBAL TELEMEDICINE MARKET, BY SERVICE TYPE 2014-2023 (USD MILLION) 44
TABLE 2 GLOBAL TELEMEDICINE MARKET, FOR TELE-NURSING 2014-2023 (USD MILLION) 45
TABLE 3 GLOBAL TELEMEDICINE MARKET, FOR TELE-PHARMACY 2014-2023 (USD MILLION) 45
TABLE 4 GLOBAL TELEMEDICINE MARKET, FOR TELE- RADIOLOGY 2014-2023 (USD MILLION) 45
TABLE 5 GLOBAL TELEMEDICINE MARKET, FOR TELE-DERMATOLOGY 2014-2023 (USD MILLION) 46
TABLE 6 GLOBAL TELEMEDICINE MARKET, FOR TELE-ONCOLOGY 2014-2023 (USD MILLION) 46
TABLE 7 GLOBAL TELEMEDICINE MARKET, BY COMPONENT 2014-2023 (USD MILLION) 48
TABLE 8 GLOBAL TELEMEDICINE MARKET, FOR SOFTWARE 2014-2023 (USD MILLION) 49
TABLE 9 GLOBAL TELEMEDICINE MARKET, FOR HARDWARE 2014-2023 (USD MILLION) 49
Continued..
LIST OF FIGURES
FIGURE 1 RESEARCH PROCESS 20
FIGURE 2 PORTER'S FIVE FORCES ANALYSIS: GLOBAL TELEMEDICINE MARKET 30
FIGURE 3 VALUE CHAIN ANALYSIS: TELEMEDICINE MARKET 32
FIGURE 4 GLOBAL TELEMEDICINE MARKET, BY SERVICE TYPE 2016 & 2023 (USD MILLION) 44
FIGURE 5 GLOBAL TELEMEDICINE MARKET, BY COMPONENT 2016 & 2023 (USD MILLION) 48
FIGURE 6 GLOBAL TELEMEDICINE MARKET, BY DEPLOYMENT 2016 & 2023 (USD MILLION) 51
FIGURE 7 GLOBAL TELEMEDICINE MARKET, BY APPLICATION 2016 & 2023 (USD MILLION) 54
Continued…
Get Complete Access of Report @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/reports/telemedicine-market-2216 .
About Market Research Future:
At Market Research Future (MRFR), we enable our customers to unravel the complexity of various industries through our Cooked Research Report (CRR), Half-Cooked Research Reports (HCRR), Statistical Report, Continuous-Feed Research (CFR), and Market Research & Consulting Services.
Contact Us:
Market Research Future
Hadapsar, Pune – 411028
Maharashtra, India
Phone: +1 646 845 9312
Aug 12 (Gracenote) - Summaries from the English premier league matches on Saturday Saturday, August 12 Brighton and Hove Albion 0 Manchester City 2 Sergio Aguero 70, Lewis Dunk 75og Halftime: 0-0;Attendance: 30,415 - - - West Bromwich Albion 1 Ahmed Hegazy 31 Bournemouth 0 Halftime: 1-0;Attendance: 25,011 - - - Chelsea 2 Alvaro Morata 69, David Luiz 88 Red Card: Gary Cahill 14, Cesc Fabregas 81 Burnley 3 Sam Vokes 24,43, Stephen Ward 39 Halftime: 0-3;Attendance: 41,616 - - - Crystal Palace 0 Huddersfield Town 3 Joel Ward 23og, Steve Mounie 26,78 Halftime: 0-2;Attendance: 25,448 - - - Everton 1 Wayne Rooney 45+1 Stoke City 0 Halftime: 1-0;Attendance: 39,045 - - - Southampton 0 Swansea City 0 Halftime: 0-0;Attendance: 31,447 - - - Watford 3 Stefano Okaka Chuka 8, Abdoulaye Doucoure 31, Miguel Britos 90+4 Liverpool 3 Sadio Mane 29, Roberto Firmino 55pen, Mohamed Salah 57 Halftime: 2-1;Attendance: 20,407 - - - Friday, August 11 Arsenal 4 Alexandre Lacazette 2, Danny Welbeck 45+2, Aaron Ramsey 83, Olivier Giroud 85 Leicester City 3 Shinji Okazaki 5, Jamie Vardy 29,56 Halftime: 2-2;Attendance: 59,387 - - - Next Fixtures (GMT): Sunday, August 13 Newcastle United v Tottenham Hotspur (1230) Manchester United v West Ham United (1500)
Dan Carter and Ronan O'Gara can fill a room. They walk in and inflate in size, seize the space. Today they are talking Lions and All Blacks and in a rare exception, they almost shrink from traditional certainties.
That's what the Lions' tour has achieved so far. It has fractured conviction and wobbled confidence.
O'Gara struggles to pick a Lions Test team. Carter says the Lions can't beat the All Blacks with defence alone, that their attack is broken, or at least has broken down.
That final pass under pressure, the must-make tackle and the hard, flat pass at speed have all gone missing and it is damaging. Carter talks of aspirations and maybes and preparation for the match. But, cutting to the chase, how many Lions would get into the New Zealand side right now, he is asked.
“Yeah...you're asking a very biased All Black on that one,” he says. “I can see the headline there already. You're setting me up here!”
No, just trying to find out what you genuinely think of this Lions side, what impression it has made after losing two out the four matches played in New Zealand and how it compares to the number one side in world rugby.
He hesitates.
“Emmmm....I mean there are some quality players in that Lions squad, but.....emm...I have to dig myself out of a hole here. I can see the headline back in New Zealand!”
Maybe concluding that no Lions player is his answer is reading in too much, or, at least no name immediately comes into his head. Brian O'Driscoll had been the standard correct reply in past tours. Precious few other names came up.
So the crossbar is lowered and the former World Player of the Year and All Black outhalf is asked to identify a player who could pose a threat in the first Test, a player who could hurt New Zealand.
After Waisake Naholo ripped through their defence for Highlanders, who in the Lions could send a frisson of fear through the All Blacks' defensive line, who has an x-factor.
“Yeah it kind of feels like they've been holding back George North. He has got the potential to get that go-forward ball and can be an amazing finisher,” says Carter.
Completely different
“I think come the Test matches it's going to be completely different to anything that we've seen, so I don't think you can judge the Lions on their games to date.
“They're still experimenting. They are there for the Test matches. Okay they might have lost a bit of confidence from what's happened but they've still got two extremely tough and important games where they can work on things.”
What nobody knows, maybe even Warren Gatland, is who is going to work on things and in what position they are going to work. Neither Carter nor O'Gara knows which outhalf Gatland will play. Owen Farrell has been the standout player but there could be a temptation to play Johnny Sexton at 10 and Farrell in the centre, casting out both Robbie Henshaw or Ben Te'o.
But two playmakers, at least for O'Gara, is one too many for the first Test outing.
“I don't think so, no,” says O'Gara with typical candour.
“I don't see how he can start the two of them in a Test match. I just think it's a good idea maybe with 30 minutes to go. But starting Johnny at 10, it means playing Farrell at 12. Physically I just don't think it's a good idea for the first 30 minutes against Sonny Bill Williams or whoever they are going to play in the centre.
“I think they are two 10s to be honest. I think Farrell plays his best rugby at 10. I think he's an exceptional player when he has full control.
“Up to yesterday I would probably have gone with Farrell but I don't know,” he adds. “I think his performances for the last 24 months have been better than anyone else's as a 10.
“But he missed a bad kick [v Highlanders]. I know it's only once but it was still a bad kick, so that's why the alarm bells went off in my head. Are they going to play Halfpenny in this game to kick the points?”
The All Blacks want to build their legacy, add to history, says Carter. It is a once-every-12-year opportunity that not all players experience. It means something and the bigger the player the more it means. Here at least there is certainty.
“When that [2005] Lions series did come around, everything in and around it was just at another level,” he says. “To me it felt like a stepping stone to stamping my name on the world stage. “
Britain's Prime Minister Theresa May speaks outside 10 Downing Street after traveling to Buckingham Palace to visit Queen Elizabeth after Parliament was dissolved ahead of the general election, in London May 3, 2017. REUTERS/Neil Hall
LONDON British Prime Minister Theresa May on Wednesday accused European politicians and officials of seeking to affect the outcome of next month's national election.
Following are the key excerpts from May's statement outside Downing Street.
"I have just been to Buckingham Palace for an audience with Her Majesty The Queen to mark the dissolution of this Parliament.
"The 2015 Parliament is now at an end, and in 36 days the country will elect a new Government and choose the next Prime Minister. The choice you now face is all about the future.
"Whoever wins on 8 June will face one overriding task: to get the best possible deal for this United Kingdom from Brexit.
"And in the last few days, we have seen just how tough these talks are likely to be. Britain's negotiating position in Europe has been misrepresented in the continental press.
"The European Commission's negotiating stance has hardened. Threats against Britain have been issued by European politicians and officials.
"All of these acts have been deliberately timed to affect the result of the general election that will take place on 8 June.
"By contrast, I made clear in my letter to the President of the European Council invoking Article 50 last month that, in leaving the European Union, Britain means no harm to our friends and allies on the continent.
"We continue to believe that no deal is better for Britain than a bad deal. But we want a deal. We want a deep and special partnership with the European Union. And we want the EU to succeed.
"But the events of the last few days have shown that - whatever our wishes, and however reasonable the positions of Europe's other leaders - there are some in Brussels who do not want these talks to succeed. Who do not want Britain to prosper.
"So now more than ever we need to be led by a Prime Minister and a Government that is strong and stable. Because making Brexit a success is central to our national interest. And it is central to your own security and prosperity.
"Because while there is enormous opportunity for Britain as we leave the European Union, if we do not get this right, the consequences will be serious.
"And they will be felt by ordinary, working people across the country. This Brexit negotiation is central to everything.
"If we don't get the negotiation right, your economic security and prosperity will be put at risk and the opportunities you seek for your families will simply not happen.
"If we do not stand up and get this negotiation right we risk the secure and well-paid jobs we want for our children and our children's children too.
"If we don't get the negotiation right, if we let the bureaucrats of Brussels run over us, we will lose the chance to build a fairer society with real opportunity for all.
"The choice the country faces now is very simple. Because there are only two people who can possibly be Prime Minister after the 8th of June to negotiate Brexit. It is a choice between me – and Jeremy Corbyn.
"With me you will get strong and stable leadership, and an approach to Brexit that locks in economic growth, jobs for our children and strong finances for the NHS and the country's schools.
"Or you will get Jeremy Corbyn with a hung parliament and a coalition of chaos. Britain simply will not get the right Brexit deal if we have the drift and division of a hung parliament.
...
"Give me your backing to lead Britain. Give me your backing to speak for Britain. Give me your backing to fight for Britain. And give me your backing to deliver for Britain.
(Reporting by Kylie MacLellan and William James, editing by Guy Faulconbridge and Estelle Shirbon)
SLMA will Offer Podcasts on Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning and How They Affect Sales Lead Management Processes
Media Contact
Susan Campanale
3609331259
***@salesleadmgmtassn.com Susan Campanale3609331259
End
-- The Sales Lead Management Association (SLMA) announced that October 16-20 will be Sales Lead Management Week this year. SLMA founder James Obermayer said, "This has traditionally been a week that many companies use as a platform to talk about the importance of a sales lead management process for B2B and B2C companies. They have also spotlighted their own products and services for managing sales leads using podcasts and webinars."Susan Finch, co-producer of the SLMA Radio Today podcast program, said, "In this tenth year of Sales Lead Management Week , the SLMA will offer a choice of podcast programs from the Funnel Radio Channel that discusses how artificial intelligence (AI) and machine learning are used in the sales lead management process."Other executives familiar with the SLMA said:"AI will soon reshape lead management as we know it. The maturation of this technology presents both exciting opportunities and significant challenges for sales and marketing professionals. The long-term implications of AI will be top of mind during Sales Lead Management Week." - Prayag Narula, CEO of LeadGenius From Badger Maps, CEO Steve Benson said, "Sales lead management has become increasingly important, hence the reason for SLMA Week. It's becoming faster, more automated, and more effective, making sales even more competitive. Buyers are more educated and there is less administrative work thanks to better tools that enable the salesperson. For example, Badger Maps help sales reps manage their leads more efficiently so they can focus on their best and most important prospects, leads and customers when in the field. Having all the information about leads and customers in one place allows reps to connect with them in a more authentic way while increasing their productivity."This is a week for software and service companies to provide webinars, seminars, podcasts, speeches and blog entries that discuss the importance of lead follow-up and ROI reporting for lead generation. "Managing inquiries," Obermayer said, "is managing revenue." This is the tenth annual Sales Lead Management Week; the first SLM Week took place in October 2007.The mission of the Sales Lead Management Association is to help companies become successful in the critical business process of managing sales leads, which we believe manages revenue. Membership is free. For information, call Sue Campanale at 360-933-1259. The Sales Lead Management Association is a division of the Funnel Media Group, LLC.
The Russian Navy's large landing ship Korolev sails in the Bosphorus, on its way to the Black Sea, in Istanbul, Turkey, February 11, 2017. REUTERS/Murad Sezer
BERLIN Recent Russian naval activity in Europe exceeds levels seen during the Cold War, a top U.S. and NATO military officer said, voicing concern that the distributed nature of the deployments could end up "splitting and distracting" the transatlantic alliance.
Navy Admiral Michelle Howard, who heads NATO's Allied Joint Force Command in Naples and commands U.S. naval forces in Europe and Africa, said Russia had clearly stepped up its naval actions in recent years although the size of its navy was smaller now than during the Cold War era.
"We're seeing activity that we didn't even see when it was the Soviet Union. It's precedential activity," Howard told Reuters in an interview late on Saturday during a missile defence conference.
Howard cited a wide range of activities, including Russia's deployment of its Admiral Kuznetsov aircraft carrier to the Mediterranean, increased patrols in the north Atlantic and Arctic region, significant out-of-area submarine deployments, and submarine movement in the Black Sea.
"They're a global navy, I understand that. But the activity in this theatre has substantially moved up in the last couple of years," Howard said.
She said there was a danger that members of the NATO alliance would focus on the area of interest closest to them, while losing sight of Russian activities in other areas.
"When ... you think about what happens when they move forces around, you look at the alliance and they end up splitting and distracting the view of the alliance," she said.
Howard's comments came amid a sharp escalation in tensions between Russia and the United States after Washington launched 59 cruise missiles against an air base in Syria in retaliation for a deadly toxic gas attack that killed scores of people.
Howard said the Russian naval manoeuvres had been matched by increased persistent cyberattacks by Moscow, and a steady number of unprofessional "fly bys" by Russian aircraft of U.S. and other allied vessels at sea.
Ties between Moscow and the West have been strained since Russia's annexation of the Crimea region of Ukraine in 2014 and its support for separatists in eastern Ukraine.
NATO has built up physical forces in Poland and the Baltic states to build up a deterrent and underscore the strength of the alliance, but U.S. and European officials are also increasingly concerned about what they describe as Moscow's use of propaganda and cyberattacks to influence Western elections.
Russia denies Washington's claim that Moscow sought to influence the U.S. election, and views NATO's buildup of troops in Europe as a provocation.
Howard said members of NATO had rallied to increase their capabilities and send a clear signal about the strength and resolve of the alliance.
She hailed a recent agreement by Germany and Norway to build new submarines together as a sign of increased cooperation and said she would welcome further efforts by European partners to pool resources.
(Reporting by Andrea Shalal; Editing by Susan Fenton)
Magistrate Sunil Scarce could be removed from the Bench
Expressing disbelief at the allegation leveled against Magistrate Sunil Scarce, retired Judge, Prem Persaud, has said that if found culpable sanctions can be instituted against the Magistrate by the Judicial Service Commission, (JSC).
The JSC is the oversight body for Judges and Magistrate in Guyana.
Magistrate Sunil Scarce imposed a jail term when the law does not provide for such. Against the rule of law he also demanded compensation for a plaintiff. A magistrate is not cloaked with the authority to demand compensation.
Justice Persaud, a former member of the JSC told Kaieteur news, that once the matter is brought to the attention of the JSC, the Magistrate will be asked to provide an explanation to possibly justify his actions.
If the JSC finds the Magistrate culpable he can face sanctions which can be as serious as his removal from the bench.
However the Commission has not been in place since September last year. Magistrate Scarce was recently accused of sentencing Owen Greene, a father of two from Agricola, Greater Georgetown, to jail on a careless driving charge.
Greene was convicted by Magistrate Scarce on April 10, 2018 at the Providence Magistrate's Court on a charge which read that on November 10, 2017, Greene was driving a truck when he was involved in a minor accident with Lorissa Mc Donald, the owner of a Toyota Axio.
After almost five months of trial, the 52-year-old man was found guilty by Magistrate Scarce and was ordered to compensate the Virtual Complainant, Lorissa Mc Donald.
The law does not empower the magistrate to demand compensation. Greene, who was unrepresented by legal counsel, declined to pay compensation; his insurance is said to have already covered for the damages to the woman's vehicle.
Magistrate Scarce is said to have insisted that he compensate Mc Donald or go to prison for one month on the careless driving charge.
Greene reportedly attempted to negotiate with McDonald offering to repair her vehicle. However in the midst of the negotiation with McDonald, the Magistrate intervened and told him that repairing the damaged vehicle was not an option.
He said that the Magistrate then injected a threatening tone. “That's enough I'm going to sentence you to one month in prison.” And sentenced Greene, he did.
However section 113 (3) of the Motor Vehicle and Road Traffic Act Chapter 51:02 states that any person who fails to comply with any of the provisions of the Act shall be guilty of an offence …A person guilty of an offence under this Act of which no special penalty is provided shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine of no less than $20,000 and more than $40,000.
Imprisonment is only imposed in a case of reckless and dangerous driving. Greene was imprisoned for nearly a week before he was granted bail pending appeal which he has since filed.
A trader works inside a booth on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) in New York, U.S., May 3, 2017. REUTERS/Brendan McDermid
Traders work on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) in New York, U.S., May 3, 2017. REUTERS/Brendan McDermid
Traders work on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) in New York, U.S., May 3, 2017. REUTERS/Brendan McDermid
Wall Street ended slightly lower on Wednesday after the U.S. Federal Reserve held interest rates unchanged and investors digested another heavy round of earnings reports.
The benchmark S&P 500 reduced its losses following the statement from the U.S. central bank, which downplayed weak first-quarter economic growth and emphasized the strength of the labor market, in a sign it could tighten monetary policy as early as June. Investors are betting on a 65 percent chance of a hike in June, according to Thomson Reuters data.
The S&P financial sector .SPSY, seen benefiting in a rising rate environment, ended up 0.6 percent after the Fed's bullish statement, leading all groups. Seven of the 11 major sectors finished negative, however.
The Fed is in its first tightening cycle in more than a decade after it spent years keeping rates near zero to help the economy following the 2007-2009 recession.
"The Fed is communicating its mantra of gradual rate hikes," said Ryan Sweet, senior economist at Moody's Analytics in West Chester, Pennsylvania. "The next time they will likely raise rates would be June."
The S&P 500 .SPX lost 3.04 points, or 0.13 percent, to 2,388.13. The Nasdaq Composite .IXIC dropped 22.82 points, or 0.37 percent, to 6,072.55, its biggest percentage drop in about three weeks.
The Dow Jones Industrial Average .DJI rose 8.01 points, or 0.04 percent, to 20,957.9.
The S&P 500 has returned to within 8 points of its all-time high during an earnings season that generally come in above expectations.
First-quarter profits at S&P 500 companies are estimated to increase 14.2 percent, its strongest growth since 2011, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S.
Apple (AAPL.O) shares fell 0.3 percent, weighing on indexes, but recovering from steeper losses after the company's quarterly report, in which it reported a surprise fall in iPhone sales.
The S&P 500 has climbed 11.6 percent since President Donald Trump's Nov. 8 election, fueled by hopes for tax cuts, deregulation and infrastructure spending, although investors have questioned his ability to enact his agenda.
"There was a lot of optimism based on the Trump agenda at the start of the new year and it has started to peter out," said Robert Pavlik, chief market strategist at Boston Private in New York.
In other corporate news, Sprint (S.N) shares slid 14.3 percent after the U.S. wireless carrier did not give specifics on deals it would pursue, even as its quarterly loss narrowed.
Delphi Automotive (DLPH.N) shares jumped 10.9 percent. The company said it planned to spin off operations tied to internal combustion engines and focus on technology for electrically powered and self-driving vehicles. The stock was the biggest percentage gainer in the S&P 500.
The New York Times Co (NYT.N) rose 12.6 percent after the newspaper publisher reported its biggest quarterly revenue growth in six years.
After the market close, Facebook Inc (FB.O) shares fell more than 1 percent even as the social media company reported a 76.6 percent surge in quarterly profit.
About 7.3 billion shares changed hands in U.S. exchanges, above the 6.6 billion daily average over the past 20 sessions.
NYSE declining issues outnumbered advancing ones by 1.47-to-1. On Nasdaq, a 1.79-to-1 ratio favored decliners.
The S&P 500 posted 31 new 52-week highs and seven new lows, while the Nasdaq Composite recorded 83 new highs and 71 new lows.
(Reporting by Lewis Krauskopf in New York; Additional reporting by Richard Leong in New York and Tanya Agrawal in Bengaluru; Editing by Nick Zieminski and Peter Cooney)
LONDON, March 28 Royal Bank of Scotland has nudged up an offer to the final group of claimants seeking damages over an emergency cash call in 2008, a source familiar with the situation said on Tuesday.
The Edinburgh-based bank, which is more than 70 percent owned by taxpayers, has offered an additional 2 pence per share to 43.5 pence a share to a group of claimants, which includes former and current RBS employees and institutional investors.
The person said the increase would amount to under 10 million pounds.
A spokesman for the claimants was not immediately available. (Reporting By Andrew MacAskill. Editing by Kirstin Ridley)
FILE PHOTO - A Wells Fargo branch is seen in the Chicago suburb of Evanston, Illinois, U.S. on February 10, 2015. REUTERS/Jim Young/File Photo
Wells Fargo & Co (WFC.N) has restructured its credit card processing business after an internal probe found some employees had falsely reported customer sales numbers, the Wall Street Journal reported on Wednesday.
This raises questions about the scope of the sales scandal that hit the lender's retail banking business last year and cost Chief Executive John Stumpf his job.
The probe also found that employees had pushed small firms toward more expensive contracts as part of aggressive sales tactics, the Journal reported.
Wells Fargo was not immediately available for comment.
The company had said on a conference call in January that it had made progress on evaluating potentially unauthorized credit card accounts, including any impact to customers' credit scores and analysis of credit signatures to verify authorization.
"We want to identify anyone who was negatively impacted so we can make things right," Chief Executive Tim Sloan said on the call.
Merchants have battled for years with banks, in the courts and in Congress, over how much they must pay for accepting card payments.
Revelations of Wells Fargo's problems with small-business customers come almost a month after it reached a $190 million settlement over opening as many as 2 million accounts in retail customers' names without their knowledge.
The bank has said it fired more than 5,000 employees for improperly opening the accounts.
Wells Fargo is also battling lawsuits from former employees, customers and shareholders related to the issue.
Shares of Wells Fargo, which is expected to report first-quarter results on April 13, were up 0.3 percent in premarket trading.
(Reporting by Diptendu Lahiri in Bengaluru; Editing by Martina D'Couto)
April 12 SAExploration Holdings Inc
* SAExploration signs three year agreement with Hocol S.A. to provide geophysical services in Colombia
* SAExploration Holdings Inc - Agreement contains an option for renewal at maturity
* SAExploration Holdings Inc - All project awards earned under agreement will be contracted through supplemental agreements on project-by-project basis
* SAExploration Holdings - SAE further expects initial project awards to be followed by additional project awards covering opportunities in 2018, 2019 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
PARIS (AP) — A ferry carrying 313 people ran aground Sunday amid high winds off the French port of Calais, interrupting boat traffic across the English Channel. Authorities safely evacuated those on board.
A towing operation, aided by a rising tide, managed to unstick the ferry from a pebble bank it struck just after noon during the bad weather. Six hours later, passengers from the Dover-bound Pride of Kent started disembarking from the vessel when it was pulled to a nearby dock, authorities said.
Authorities from France's Pas-de-Calais region said no injuries were reported.
P&O Ferries confirmed that one of its ferries ran aground and said it hoped "to transfer our passengers to an alternative ship as soon as possible."
Advertisement
The prefecture said the evacuation was completed Sunday evening and traffic had resumed between France and Britain. Some 60 people were being housed in local hotels while the others were being transported across the Channel, it said.
Storms also knocked out electricity to 15,000 households in the Pas-de-Calais region and an adjacent region.
The national weather warning agency Meteo France had 32 French regions under hazard alerts due to high winds and storms over the weekend.
BRUSSELS, April 29 Several EU leaders took advantage of a Brexit summit on Saturday to finalise deals settling various thorny issues as part of a strategy to present a united front ahead of tough negotiations with Britain on its withdrawal from the bloc.
With discussions with Britain due to take place over the next two years, the European Union is aware that maintaining a united front among the 27 remaining members could be difficult.
"Brexit means the 27 need to keep close together. The Commission needs to clear away unnecessary irritants. It is conducive to take all these things away," an EU official said.
Spain and Portugal set the tone, saying they had settled their dispute on the former's planned nuclear dump site at the Almaraz power plant which had raised fears of cross-border environmental risks.
Portugal, which has no nuclear power reactors and is generally distrustful of Spain's seven nuclear-fuelled power plants in January called on the Commission to intervene in the case.
"We have reached agreement on the Almaraz case. Our agreement relies solidly on a set of joint operational conclusions," Spanish Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy, Portuguese premier Antonio Costa and European Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker said in a joint statement.
"This is the European spirit of finding compromises for the smooth functioning of our common Union at its best."
Separately, Slovenia and Croatia, which will have access to the open-border Schengen area by June 27, said they would work together to facilitate cross-border traffic between the two countries.
Slovenian Prime Minister Miro Cerar and his Croatian counterpart Andrej Plenkovic sorted out the issue together with Juncker on the sidelines of the Brexit summit in Brussels.
"Slovenia and Croatia agree they will notify the Commission of the decision to carry out targeted checks whenever the waiting time at specified land border crossing points between the two countries is longer than 15 minutes," the EU executive said in a statement.
Denmark, which will exit Europol on May 1, inked a new deal with the EU's police agency allowing it to exchange operational data and deploy liaison officers.
"Being fully in line with European data protection rules, Denmark will have a unique status which will allow for much closer ties with Europol without amounting to full membership," the Commission said. (Writing by Foo Yun Chee; Editing by Ros Russell)
April 20 Dolnoslaskie Centrum Developerskie SA :
* Said on Wednesday that issuance of series B bonds has not gone through
* The reason for that is not exceeding the minimum thresholdof emission
Source text for Eikon:
Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
Britain's Labour urges protest to force PM May from power - Daily Mirror
LONDON, June 15 A senior lawmaker in Britain's opposition Labour Party has called for a million people to take to the streets to force a second election that he said would remove Prime Minister Theresa May from power, the Daily Mirror reported.
(Removes headline tag)
By Duncan Miriri
NAIROBI, April 12 The World Bank cut Kenya's economic growth forecast for this year by half a percentage point on Wednesday to 5.5 percent, citing drought, sluggish private sector credit growth and rising prices of oil.
The country is estimated to have expanded by 5.9 percent last year, the highest annual expansion in half a decade.
But the outlook has been hit by months of dry weather, that left 2.7 million people in need of food aid, and a drop in annual private sector credit growth to 4 percent in February from 17 percent at the end of 2015.
In its latest report on the Kenyan economy, the World Bank said growth would pick up after this year, driven by the expected normalisation of rainfall, a firmer global economy, a rebound in tourism and the resolution of challenges curbing credit growth.
"GDP growth is expected to accelerate to 5.8 percent and 6.1 percent in 2018 and 2019 respectively," the Bank said.
The main risks facing the economy were the weather and any slowdown in economies of major trading partners, the bank said.
It urged the government to stick to its fiscal consolidation path and to review last year's changes to the banking law, which capped commercial lending rates at 4 percentage points above the central bank rate.
Henry Rotich, the finance minister, set the deficit for the fiscal year starting in July at 6 percent of economic output and promised to reduce it further towards 4 percent in the 2019/20 fiscal year.
The budget deficits, which have driven up borrowing, have been used to fund a range of public investments in roads, railways and energy generation, the government says.
The cap on commercial lending rates, which was imposed last September, has been partly blamed for the slowdown in credit growth.
The World Bank said Kenya can quicken economic growth by boosting its construction sector, through offering innovative housing financing through the creation of mortgage refinance companies and the provision of housing finance guarantees.
There were less than 25,000 mortgages in Kenya and mortgage debt made up just 3.15 percent of the GDP in 2015, the bank said.
"Unlocking the residential housing market through the development of the housing finance market can provide a wide range of income opportunities," the bank said. (Editing by Jeremy Gaunt)
April 6 HB Fuller Co
* H.B. Fuller announces $200 million share repurchase program; increases quarterly dividend
* HB Fuller Co - To increase company's regular quarterly cash dividend from $0.14 per share of common stock to $0.15 per share of common stock
* HB Fuller Co - Dividend of $0.15 per share of common stock is payable on May 4, 2017
* HB Fuller Co - Authorized a share repurchase program of up to $200 million of company's outstanding common shares for a period of up to five years
* HB Fuller Co - The share repurchase authorization replaces company's previous authorization that was approved in September of 2010 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
SHANGHAI/BEIJING (Reuters) - British Prime Minister Theresa May landed in China earlier this week fending off questions about her future amid mounting accusations of poor leadership, boring policies, and weakness over Brexit.
By Friday the 61-year old leader was basking in a warm reception from the leaders of world's second-largest economy, while concerned Chinese citizens affectionately nicknamed her ‘Aunty May' and worried if her legs were warm enough in the Beijing cold.
“What's past is prologue,” said President Xi Jinping during his one-to-one meeting with May, quoting British playwright William Shakespeare to signal his hopes for strengthening ties.
The three-day trade visit has seen May earn assurances from China that Brexit will not affect the country's enthusiasm for the so-called “golden era” of relations and a promise to open up Chinese markets to new British business.
While words will mean little if not backed up with action, and there are scant details about the headline announcement of 9 billion pounds of trade deals signed during the trip, the mood music for May's visit pointed to a Chinese state seeking to rally support around her.
“Her political style is known for being pragmatic and strong and deft at decision making. She's Britain's Iron Lady,” said the Hubei Daily, an official regional newspaper, referring to the nickname of former British Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher.
There was no sign of a hangover from the 2016 diplomatic spat between the two nations caused by May's decision to delay a part Chinese-funded nuclear plant over concerns about foreign investment in key British infrastructure.
“China really respects Britain,” said the influential Global Times tabloid - the same newspaper which in 2013 dismissed Britain as “just an old European country apt for travel and study” in a scathing editorial during a visit by May's predecessor David Cameron, who had infuriated China by meeting the Dalai Lama.
One Chinese official remarked dryly to Reuters: “Nobody would call him Uncle Cameron”.
British Prime Minister Theresa May speaks to members of the media in Shanghai, China February 2, 2018. REUTERS/William James
Asked by Chinese state television about her new moniker - a common Chinese term of endearment for respected women - May said she was honoured, and her officials were privately thrilled that the name had stuck.
By contrast, the front page of this week's Spectator, a British political magazine, reads “Lead or go”, above a stark, unflattering cartoon of May, hunched and bow-legged.
RIVAL SUITORS
Slideshow (3 Images)
But, Britain is not the only state looking to woo China.
Last month France's energetic young President Emmanuel Macron arrived in Beijing with an attention-grabbing gift, a rare horse, although his tough words over Xi's signature plan to create a trillion-dollar modern-day Silk Road raised eyebrows.
Diplomatic sources say while China has expressed concern about Brexit, it has also been reassured by messages that Britain's door is wide open to Chinese investment - a marked contrast to the suspicious reception Chinese companies have recently received in Germany.
May brought up awkward issues like democracy in Hong Kong, human rights and ethical concerns about Xi's Belt and Road initiative, but was praised as “pragmatic” by the Global Times for not pressing the issue in public.
“For the prime minister, the losses outweigh the gains if she appeases the British media at the cost of the visit's friendly atmosphere,” the paper wrote in an editorial on Friday.
On Chinese social media, concern about May's visit focussed on less weighty issues - like whether her exposed legs were warm enough after a photograph of her with husband Phillip inside Beijing's Forbidden City.
“Theresa, you really know how to stand up to the cold,” wrote one of over 17,000 users to comment on her official Chinese-language Weibo account.
May 2 John Holt Plc:
* Q1 profit before tax of 16 million naira versus loss of 112 million naira year ago
* Q1 revenue of 494 million naira versus 418 million naira year ago Source: bit.ly/2p3LM2i Further company coverage: (Bangalore.newsroom@thomsonreuters.com)
Soccer-Capello targets survival and cup run for new club Jiangsu
HONG KONG, June 15 Fabio Capello has set his sights on steering new employers Jiangsu Suning away from the Chinese Super League (CSL) relegation zone and success in the Chinese FA Cup as the Italian prepares for the latest chapter of his long coaching career.
Five more Philippine Swimming Leagues (PSL) tankers will be gunning for medals in the second day of the 2018 Bolles School Sharks TYR February swimming competition being held at the Cecil Aquatics Center in Jacksonville, Florida.
Diliman Preparatory School standouts Francino Archer Corpuz and Paula Carmela Cusing hope to excel in their respective age groups in the tournament that drew more than 600 participants including strong teams from powerhouse United States and China.
Corpuz vies for honors in the boys' 10-under 100m freestyle, 50m butterfly, 200m freestyle and 50m freestyle while Cusing will be up against much taller and older foes in the girls' 14-year 400m Individual Medley and 100m butterfly.
Besides Corpuz and Cusing, the other members of the team scheduled to compete on Saturday (Sunday in Manila) are Raindale Ching in boys' 13-year 200m IM, 100m freestyle and 20m breaststroke; Sophia Anne Barcelo in girls' 12-year 200m IM and 50m freestyle; and Jazmine Francheska Mirasol in girls' 15-over 200m IM and 100m freestyle.
Meanwhile, Bataan pride Master Charles Janda made it to the Top 5 in the boys' 10-under 200m IM following his two-minutes, 54.33-second showing.
Joining him in the list were Walter Kueffer (2:40.50), Sebastian Lopez (2:41.58), Tate Luck (2:41.77) and Rylan Sepulveda (2:52.99) – all from Florida State.
The nine-year old Janda eyes vengeance in the 50m backstroke, 100m freestyle and 50m butterfly events.
“The competition is really tough with the presence of world-class young swimmers from the United States and China – both powerhouse teams in the international level. But it's a good exposure for our swimmers. It's not all the time that you get to compete against these elite swimmers,” said PSL President Susan Papa.
Also seeing action in the second day are Paul Christian King Cusing (boys' 200m backstroke, 200m butterfly and 100m backstroke), Joaquin Federico Mirasol (boys' 11-12, 100m butterfly and 50m backstroke) and Sofia Mae Ching (girls' 10-under 50m backstroke, 50m freestyle and 100m freestyle).
The PSL is recognized by the Philippine Sports Commission as an official swimming association in the country following its impressive grassroots development program that aims to train talented swimmers for future international competitions.
THE TIMES
LONDON (Reuters) - Manchester City beat Manchester United 2-1 at Old Trafford to go 11 points clear at the top of the Premier League on Sunday while Liverpool and Everton drew 1-1 in a snowswept Merseyside derby at Anfield.
Soccer Football - Premier League - Manchester United vs Manchester City - Old Trafford, Manchester, Britain - December 10, 2017 Manchester City's Nicolas Otamendi celebrates scoring their second goal REUTERS/Darren Staples
City's victory marked the first time a team have won 14 consecutive English top-flight games in the same season and ended United's run of 40 home games unbeaten in all competitions.
Pep Guardiola's side took the lead in the 43rd minute through David Silva but poor defending allowed United to hit back immediately with Marcus Rashford grabbing an equaliser before the break.
Nicolas Otamendi volleyed in the winner on the half-turn nine minutes into the second half.
City now have 46 points from 16 games, with United staying second on 35, and look like the title is theirs to lose even if Guardiola was not about to get carried away.
“We won because we were better. We are still in December, if we have 11 points (lead) when we play the second derby in April then maybe I will tell you that we have the title,” said the Spaniard.
Champions Chelsea, who lost 1-0 at relegation-threatened West Ham United on Saturday, are third on 32 points with Liverpool squandering a chance to overtake them and staying fourth on 30.
Liverpool manager Juergen Klopp fumed after his side's draw, with Everton's former England captain Wayne Rooney equalising from the penalty spot after a sensational first-half goal by Mohamed Salah.
“The other team was not even in our box, I don't know if they had a shot on target apart from the penalty. To give them an open door like this, in my understanding, that's not okay,” said Klopp.
“There are greater catastrophes on this planet than getting a point after a game like this but it feels not too good,” added the German.
Salah's 42nd-minute stunner sent the Egyptian clear of Tottenham Hotspur's England striker Harry Kane as the league's top marksman with 13 goals. Kane had scored twice in a 5-1 victory over Stoke City on Saturday.
Soccer Football - Premier League - Manchester United vs Manchester City - Old Trafford, Manchester, Britain - December 10, 2017 Manchester United's Marcus Rashford shoots from a free kick as Manchester City players in the wall attempt to block REUTERS/Darren Staples
Rooney's goal was his first in a Merseyside derby, a match he last featured in almost 14 years ago before moving to Manchester United.
“It's always nice scoring against Liverpool, whoever you're playing for,” he said.
GIROUD STRIKES
In the day's early match, Southampton and Arsenal also drew 1-1 with Charlie Austin putting the hosts ahead in the third minute at St Mary's and Olivier Giroud heading in a late equaliser after coming on as a second-half substitute.
Slideshow (6 Images)
It was the 17th time Giroud had scored as a substitute for Arsenal, equalling Norwegian Ole Gunnar Solskjaer's record with Manchester United for most goals scored off the bench for a single club.
City dominated possession at Old Trafford, showing they have grit as well as class even if the performance was not a classic display of the manager's attractive passing football.
Jose Mourinho's team selection had suggested a more expansive approach, with Anthony Martial and Rashford supporting central striker Romelu Lukaku, but the Portuguese was left with a bitter taste.
“It is a significant distance,” he said of City's lead, before being asked if his team could make it up.
“I don't know. I know we can win next Wednesday (against Bournemouth).”
Like Klopp, Mourinho was also upset with the referee -- in this case for not awarding a penalty to his side in the 79th minute when Ander Herrera went down in the box under pressure from Otamendi.
“My first reaction is I feel sorry for referee Michael Oliver because he had a very good match but unfortunately he made an important mistake,” he said.
“The result was made with a big penalty not given... Michael was unlucky because it was a clear penalty.”
UPDATE 7-UPS shooting leaves four dead, including gunman, in San Francisco
SAN FRANCISCO, June 14 A UPS driver armed with a handgun opened fire at a United Parcel Service Inc package-sorting center in San Francisco on Wednesday, killing three people before fatally shooting himself as officers closed in.
(Adds naira firms after central bank FX sale)
By Oludare Mayowa and Chijioke Ohuocha
LAGOS, April 10 Nigeria's central bank plans to sell shorter-dated dollar forwards to inject liquidity into the official market and try to support the naira, traders said on Monday.
The local currency has weakened on both the official and black markets. The naira fell to 328.50 on the official market on Monday but later gained some ground to close at 306.15 after the central bank intervened. However, it slid past 400 naira on the black market.
"In the weeks ahead the (central bank) will sustain its intervention," spokesman Isaac Okorafor said in a statement.
"The bank will sell short tenured forwards ... to meet demand of manufacturers and all other foreign exchange users," he said, adding the bank was striving to achieve exchange rate stability.
On Monday, traders said the bank will auction $100 million to be settled between one week and 30 days, as against sixty-day contracts it had written previously.
The bank auctioned $418 million at 310 naira on Friday to airlines, agricultural firms, petroleum and raw material importers in addition to $350 million it sold last week to individuals with certain foreign expenses, it said.
Nigeria is battling a currency crisis brought on by low oil prices, which has tipped its economy into recession, hammered its dollar reserves and created chronic dollar shortages, frustrating businesses and individuals.
It now has at least five exchange rates - the official one, the black market, a rate for Muslim pilgrims going to Saudi Arabia, a retail rate set by licensed exchange bureaux and a rate for foreign travel, school and medical fees.
The multiple exchange policy has masked the pressure the currency is under and made it difficult to attract inflows as investors struggle to price naira assets, analysts say.
The central bank, opposed to a free naira float, has been selling the U.S. currency on the official currency market to try to narrow the spread with the black market rate after the black market rate hit a record high of 520 in February.
It has since devalued the naira for consumers to 375 and has been intervening selling more than $1 billion in forward currency sales since February.
Last week the International Monetary Fund (IMF) said the naira was overvalued by around 10 to 20 percent, and called for changes to Nigeria's exchange rate policy. (Writing by Chijioke Ohuocha; Editing by Toby Chopra and Janet Lawrence)
NEW YORK, April 13 The yield on U.S. 10-year Treasury notes recorded its steepest single-week decline since early 2016 due to safe-haven demand for longer-dated government bonds spurred by worries over potential U.S. military strikes against Syria and North Korea.
The 10-year Treasury yield fell 14 basis points in a shortened trading week, which was the biggest weekly decline since the week of Jan. 8, 2016, Reuters data showed. (Reporting by Richard Leong; Editing by Bernadette Baum)
Remember to join us tonight at 8pm EST for our live Viewing Party.
* Kassius Ohno defeated Chad Lail. Ohno with some stiff chops and a boot to start. Lail hits a spinebuster and takes control. Ohno picks up the win with the High Tension Elbow
* The War Raiders defeated two local enhancement talents. Didn't catch the jobbers' names although they were announced. Quick brutal squash. Hanson hit a springboard lariat in one guy while Rowe had him lifted for a suplex. Raiders hit Fallout for the win
* Lacey Evans cut a promo where she accepts a rematch with Kairi Sane. Lacey's punch finisher is called "Women's Right"
* EC3 defeated Fabian Aichner. There were loud NX3 chants at the start. EC3 pushes Aichner off the ropes as he goes for a springboard and he tumbled outside. As EC3 goes outside, Johnny Gargano comes out through the crowd with a contract, and grabs a mic, announcing it is a signed contract for Gargano vs Ciampa II at Takeover: Chicago in a Street Fight. Johnny leaves, and Fabian hits a crazy dive to EC3 and rolls him into the ring, but only gets 2. EC3 then hits The One Percent for the win
* NXT Champion Aleister Black comes out for a promo. Black says since winning the title in New Orleans, it's been a trip. He says there is dispute over his next contender, but it only takes one shot to make his opponents fade to black. Lars Sullivan interrupts and announces its Lars vs. Aleister for the NXT Championship in Chicago. Lars gives Aleister respect, but says he's never faced anyone like him. Says he's going to beat him and there's nothing Aleister can do about it. Lars goes to attack but Aleister sucks it and goes for Black Mass, but Lars grabs his leg with one hand and hits the Freak Accident to lay out Aleister. Lars poses with the belt over a fallen Black
* Shayna Baszler defeated Dakota Kai to retain the NXT Women's Title. Dakota is clearly intimidated as Shayna backs her into the corner. Referee admonishes Shayna and Dakota spins her around, but freezes. Shayna stomps On Dakota's leg and begins targeting her legs with kicks and holds. Shayna is just destroying her. Shayna gets an ankle lock, and Dakota makes it to the ropes. Shayna reapplies it, but Dakota fights back. Dakota hits her corner running kick and a facewash running boot. Dakota goes for a stomp, but Shayna flips her into her choke hold and gets the win. After the match, Shayna puts the choke back on, but Nikki Cross runs down for the save. Shayna looks confused and grabs her belt and leaves, but Nikki runs after her and steals the belt. Nikki challenges her to come get the belt, the grabs it and challenges Shayna to a match with Dakota as the ref. Nikki hands Dakota the title and as Shayna goes to get it, hits her swinging neckbreaker on Shayna. Dakota counts 3, gives Nikki the title and Nikki celebrates in the crowd as if she's the new champ. Referee Drake keeps trying to tell her it wasn't official. Nikki celebrates on the announcement table with the belt and leaves it there. Shayna goes and retrieves it after Nikki leaves
FILE PHOTO: Scott Pruitt, administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA), speaks to employees of the agency in Washington, U.S., February 21, 2017. REUTERS/Joshua Roberts/File Photo
WASHINGTON The United States should continue to be "engaged" in international climate change discussions but the Paris climate change agreement is a "bad deal" for the country, the head of the Environmental Protection Agency said Sunday.
EPA Administrator Scott Pruitt did not confirm whether the United States would remain in the global climate change pact, under which nearly all countries agreed in 2015 to halt or curb their greenhouse gas emissions, even as the world's biggest emitter China reaffirmed its commitment to the agreement.
Chinese President Xi Jinping is due to have his first meeting with President Donald Trump on April 6-7. Xi and other Chinese officials have pledged to remain in the agreement.
"To demonstrate the leadership that we have shown on this issue with China and India and other nations is very important and discussions should ensue," Pruitt said on Fox News Sunday, "but what Paris represents is a bad deal for this country."
Last week, Trump signed an executive order rolling back former President Barack Obama's climate change policies, including the Clean Power Plan to slash carbon emissions from power plants -- a key factor in the United States' ability to meet its Paris commitments.
The executive order did not address the question of whether the United States would remain in the agreement but White House spokesman Sean Spicer said last week a decision would be made before the G7 summit in June.
Sources told Reuters that White House officials are getting feedback from fossil fuel companies about the pros and cons of staying in the agreement.
Chinese foreign ministry spokesman Lu Kang said last week all countries should "move with the times and "fulfill their promises and earnestly take proactive steps to jointly push the enforcement of this agreement."
Pruitt said China and India signed onto the agreement without being required to reduce emissions. Under the agreement each country has submitted a national strategy to meet its own emission reduction goals.
Asked on Sunday to clarify a statement he made last month that carbon dioxide -- emitted from fossil fuel power plants -- is not a primary contributor to climate change, Pruitt said "human activities contribute to that change in some measure."
"The real question is how much are we contributing to that and measuring that with precision," he said.
(Reporting By Valerie Volcovici; Editing by Andrea Ricci)
April 12 Dundee Precious Metals Inc
* Dundee Precious Metals announces first quarter 2017 production results and provides notice of first quarter 2017 financial results
* Dundee Precious Metals Inc - chelopech remains on track to achieve 2017 guidance
* Dundee Precious Metals Inc - q1 chelopech gold and copper production was in line with 2017 mine plan Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
1967. Perhaps not a year that will ring any particular bells with you. Among the events of 50 years ago were the first broadcast of the Forsyte Saga on BBC2, Foinavon winning the Grand National at 100 to 1, the launch of the Beatles' ‘Sergeant Pepper' LP, De Gaulle vetoing Britain's EEC membership, the start of the BBC panel show ‘Just a Minute' – and a production of Gilbert and Sullivan's ‘The Pirates of Penzance' at Ripon Grammar School.
For conservationists 1967 has a more significance; it was the year in which the Civic Amenities Act came into force. If you are now thinking of refuse collection and what used to be called local tips but are now designated by a number of different euphemisms, you would be right. The Act dealt with such matters and with the disposal of abandoned vehicles and bulky waste.
Houses in Park Street, in the Ripon Conservation Area. (Copyright - David Winpenny)
This may be seen as laudable, but nothing to set the pulses of conservationists a-flutter. But among the clauses about rubbish was an important innovation – an innovation almost slipped through.
It was a section that introduced Conservation Areas into our legislation. The act defined a Conservation Area as ‘an area of special architectural or historic interest, the character or appearance of which it is desirable to preserve or enhance.'
The prime mover of the legislation was the MP Duncan Sandys. He had had a long interest in architectural conservation and the Civic Movement.
At the end of World War II he had served as Minister of Works; in 1954, as Minister of Housing, he introduced the Clean Air Act, and a year later was instrumental in allowing the designation of Green Belts.
Allhallowgate in the Ripon Conservation Area. (Copyright - David Winpenny)
He founded the Civic Trust in 1956. He remained in the House of Commons until 1974, when he was given a life peerage as Baron Duncan-Sandys.
For all its good intentions, the Civic Amenities Act, which was superseded in 1990 by the Planning (Listed Building and Conservation Areas) Act, provided neither force nor incentive for the designation of Conservation Areas; it was up to local authorities to decide that they wanted them.
As the Act was being prepared the government commissioned studies of five historic cities to see how the policies should be applied; studies for Bath, Chichester and Chester were completed, their local authorities paying half the cost. In York the study was only done because York Civic Trust paid half of the local authority's share. The King's Lynn study didn't happen at all as the council refuse to pay.
Nevertheless, the idea for Conservation Areas caught on; it was a time of burgeoning interest in the preservation of our villages, towns and cities. Many local civic societies were formed around this time – Ripon Civic Society was founded just a year after the Act, in 1968, so next year will be its Golden Jubilee.
The first Conservation Area to be designated was in Stamford in Lincolnshire. There are now more than 9,500 in England and Wales (Scotland has its own scheme), of many different sorts, including the centres of historic cities, model housing estates and mining villages, stretches of canal and historic landscapes such as Hackfall near Ripon.
Ripon's Conservation Area was designated on 13 March 1969 (it has been extended several times since then) and covers most of the city centre. So, in theory at least, the historic core of Ripon is protected.
Conservation Area protection should ensure that alterations like applying cladding to a brick house, inserting unsuitable new windows, installing satellite dishes and solar panels and building conservatories are regulated and usually need planning permission.
You certainly need permission to demolish a structure. And if you want to do work to trees within the Conservation Area, you need consent for that, too.
Unfortunately, the policing of a Conservation Area requires the local authority to be both vigilant and active in enforcement – and with funding cuts even those that were willing to make an effort are now less able to care effectively for their Conservation Areas.
They have powers to make ‘Article 4 Directions' that can remove particular development rights – such as putting in new windows or painting properties in an unsuitable manner – to preserve the special character of an area. But such Article 4 Directions are expensive to introduce and to police, and in many places are rarely used by local authorities.
There are three minor ones in Harrogate and none in Ripon.
This is not a happy state of affairs, either in Ripon or elsewhere, as it leaves buildings within Conservation Areas vulnerable to both unsuitable changes and to sometimes-catastrophic neglect.
This is the more unfortunate as recent research has shown that, on average, houses within Conservation Areas sell for 9%more than comparable ones outside; you will often see estate agents' details noting as a selling point that a property is within a Conservation Area. The research found that designated Conservation Areas help to protect the social cohesion of a neighbourhood and that, despite the decline of local authority involvement, they still provide a better level of protection against harmful intervention than non-designated areas.
Although the current outlook for Conservation Areas is not as rosy as we might wish and will require vigilance to make sure that they decline no further, there can be no doubt that Duncan Sandys' work 50 years ago was a turning point in conservation. The destruction that had been wrought in the 1950s and early 1960s to the historic heart of some of our cities and the loss of important buildings in smaller settlements could not be undone, but with the Act the tide was changing.
We have come to appreciate what we have, and a revolution in our thinking about conservation has been the result.
Ours must not be the generation that loses that impetus – or our historic assets.
* SSEC -0.3 pct, CSI300 -0.4 pct
* China c.bank injects $73.4 bln of liquidity in April, 18 pct less than March
* C.bank seen further tightening policy
SHANGHAI, May 3 China' main stock indexes extended losses on Wednesday morning, as investors were restrained by lingering worries over tougher regulation and a shift toward tighter policy to defuse potential debt-fueled bubbles in the economy.
The CSI300 index fell 0.4 percent, to 3,414.39, while the Shanghai Composite Index lost 0.3 percent, to 3,133.40 points.
Zhang Qi, an analyst with Haitong Securities said that tight liquidity could curb demand for equities, although he said the risks of a sharp downturn in the benchmark Shanghai Composite are small.
The SSEC is up 1.0 percent year-to-date, but has lost 4.7 percent from its 15-month high hit in mid-April, when concerns about tighter policy and the broader economic outlook triggered a selloff.
China's central bank injected 506.39 billion yuan ($73.48 billion) into the financial system via short- and medium-term liquidity tools in April, down 18 percent from the previous month, signalling a bid to rein in rapid credit growth.
On Wednesday, the People's Bank of China (PBOC) said it had injected 200 billion yuan into money markets through open market operations, but it made no mention of maturing medium-term lending facility (MLF) loans.
After years of super-loose policy, the PBOC has cautiously shifted to a modest tightening bias in recent months and regulators have stepped up a crackdown on riskier forms of financing as authorities try to contain financial risks from years of debt-fuelled stimulus.
On the day, most sectors lost ground, led by real estate stocks, not helped by news that the Beijing branches of some major Chinese banks have raised interest rates on housing loans for first- and second-home buyers - the latest of several steps by authorities to check the heated property investment.
China's Pangda Automobile Trade tumbled as much as 10 percent for suspected violations of securities laws and regulations.
Last month, China's insurance regulator warned it will ramp up its supervision of insurance companies and threatened to investigate executives who flout rules in an effort to root out risk-taking.
Analysts expect the broad regulatory clampdown to continue, and the central bank to continue to further tighten policy, though most believe authorities will tread cautiously to avoid hitting economic growth.
($1 = 6.8916 Chinese yuan renminbi)
(Reporting by Luoyan Liu and John Ruwitch; Editing by Shri Navaratnam)
FILE PHOTO: An INEOS flag flies above an oil refinery building in Grangemouth, central Scotland April 28, 2008. REUTERS/David Moir/File Photo
EDINBURGH A gas leak inside petrochemicals firm Ineos's Grangemouth site in Scotland was successfully contained on Tuesday after emergency services rushed to the scene, police said.
The incident forced the evacuation of non-essential staff and the closure of local roads. There were no reports of any injuries.
"The incident was caused by a leak on a pipe carrying ethylene gas which has been identified and is being isolated," Ineos said in an emailed statement on Tuesday.
Earlier, the company said it had detected the leak on a pipeline inside its Kinneil Gas manufacturing plant at noon, prompting it to close a number of access gates and allow only essential personnel to enter the south side of the site.
Police said in a statement the incident had now been "contained on site", adding: "Officers would advise members of the public to go about their normal business."
Operations at the oil refinery were not impacted by the incident, Ineos said.
Scotland's Fire and Rescue Service sent eight fire engines to the scene.
The Grangemouth site covers about 1,700 acres and employs more than 1,300 people in an oil refinery and petrochemical plant by the estuary of the River Forth in central Scotland.
According to its website, the Grangemouth site contributes 4 percent of Scottish gross domestic product and makes up approximately 8 percent of the country's manufacturing base.
The site includes petrochemical plants and an adjacent oil refinery with a capacity to process about 200,000 barrels of crude per day.
(Additional reporting by Alistair Smout, Kate Holton and Ahmad Ghaddar; writing by Michael Holden; editing by Guy Faulconbridge and Gareth Jones)
WELLINGTON, April 4 New Zealand was bracing for potential flooding and landslips on Tuesday as the remnants of Cyclone Debbie made landfall, a week after the powerful storm hit neighbouring Australia where three people were killed by subsequent floods.
The New Zealand Met office warned people on New Zealand's north island to prepare for heavy rainfall for the next several days, with some areas forecast to receive a month's worth of rain in the next 24 hours.
"It's not a quick hit, it's a gradual process -- a lot of rain is expected to fall over most parts of the North Island and upper South Island," Met Service duty forecaster Raveen Das said.
New Zealand's mountainous terrain makes its roads susceptible to landslides and many regions are still recovering from a 7.8 magnitude quake that struck near Christchurch in November, causing substantial damage to infrastructure.
The country's Civil Defence force is on standby.
Cyclone Debbie, a Category Four storm, one short of the most powerful level five, pounded Australia's Queensland state on Tuesday, smashing tourist resorts, bringing down power lines and shutting down coal mines.
Three people were killed in Australia when they were caught in floodwaters that swamped the country's east coast in the aftermath and Australia's Defence Force was deployed to help deliver medical personnel and supplies to communities in the north of the state.
The disaster zone stretched 1,000 km (600 miles) from Queensland state's tropical resort islands and Gold Coast tourist strip to the farmlands of New South Wales state.
The Insurance Council of Australia has declared the event a catastrophe, which could cost hundreds of millions of dollars in losses and state officials have warned recovery and repairs will take months as many areas remain subject to evacuation orders. (Editing by Sandra Maler)
April 28 Bonanza Creek Energy Inc:
* Bonanza creek energy successfully completes prepackaged financial restructuring; emerges from chapter 11; announces new board of directors
* Bonanza creek energy - upon emergence from bankruptcy, company issued 1.7 million 3-year warrants with a strike price of $71.23 per share
* Bonanza creek energy inc- company's cash balance at emergence was approximately $65 million
* Bonanza creek energy - plans to resume drilling, completion activity around june 1, with intent to operate a one-rig program for remainder of year
* Also announces appointment of seven members to its board of directors Sources text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Today is America's birthday and we celebrate our independence from England. Fans all over the United States will watch fireworks, have barbeques and watch parades.
It is particularly awesome to be an Arizona Cardinals fan on Independence Day.
Why?
It's American football!
This isn't unique to Cardinals fans, but while the rest of the world calls soccer football, fans of the NFL are especially patriotic because this sport isn't just football, it's American football. Baseball can claim to be America's pastime, but the NFL rules it all. Nothing is more American than watching the NFL.
Massachusetts state police said Monday they have recovered a stolen car believed to have been used by a former Army reservist who was charged with stealing 16 guns from a U.S. Army Reserve Center and escaped from a Rhode Island detention center.
Authorities said James Morales remains at large. U.S. marshals said the Cambridge, Mass., native scaled a building at the Wyatt Detention Center and climbed over razor wire before he was reported missing Saturday night. They believe Morales is wounded and bleeding from the razor wire.
Police said Morales likely fled to Attleboro, Mass., and stole the car. They found the car Sunday afternoon.
The FBI said Morales stole assault rifles and handguns from an armory in Worcester, Mass., in 2015. Morales also faces child rape charges.
Morales was last accounted for during a head count at 7 p.m. on Saturday, according to Fox affiliate WFXT. The last escape at the Wyatt Detention Center was in 1996.
Two individuals assigned to the area Morales escaped from have been placed on administrative leave pending the outcome of an internal investigation.
Morales, 35, has an eagle neck tattoo and anyone with information on his whereabouts is urged to call 911.
Click for more from Fox 25
The Associated Press contributed to this report.
Aug 13 (Reuters) - Winners of the PGA Championship following the two-shot victory by American Justin Thomas in the 99th edition played at Quail Hollow Club in Charlotte, North Carolina (U.S. unless stated):
2017 Justin Thomas
2016 Jimmy Walker
2015 Jason Day (Australia)
2014 Rory McIlroy (Northern Ireland)
2013 Jason Dufner
2012 McIlroy
2011 Keegan Bradley
2010 Martin Kaymer (Germany)
2009 Yang Yong-eun (South Korea)
2008 Padraig Harrington (Ireland)
2007 Tiger Woods
2006 Woods
2005 Phil Mickelson
2004 Vijay Singh (Fiji)
2003 Shaun Micheel
2002 Rich Beem
2001 David Toms
2000 Woods
1999 Woods
1998 Singh
1997 Davis Love III
1996 Mark Brooks
1995 Steve Elkington (Australia)
1994 Nick Price (Zimbabwe)
1993 Paul Azinger
1992 Price
1991 John Daly
1990 Wayne Grady (Australia)
1989 Payne Stewart
1988 Jeff Sluman
1987 Larry Nelson
1986 Bob Tway
1985 Hubert Green
1984 Lee Trevino
1983 Hal Sutton
1982 Ray Floyd
1981 Nelson
1980 Jack Nicklaus
1979 David Graham (Australia)
1978 John Mahaffey
1977 Lanny Wadkins
1976 Dave Stockton
1975 Nicklaus
1974 Trevino
1973 Nicklaus
1972 Gary Player (South Africa)
1971 Nicklaus
1970 Stockton
1969 Floyd
1968 Julius Boros
1967 Don January
1966 Al Geiberger
1965 Dave Marr
1964 Bobby Nichols
1963 Nicklaus
1962 Player
1961 Jerry Barber
1960 Jay Hebert
1959 Bob Rosburg
1958 Dow Finsterwald
1957 Lionel Hebert
1956 Jack Burke
1955 Doug Ford
1954 Chick Harbert
1953 Walter Burkemo
1952 Jim Turnesa
1951 Sam Snead
1950 Chandler Harper
1949 Snead
1948 Ben Hogan
1947 Jim Ferrier (Australia)
1946 Hogan
1945 Byron Nelson
1944 Bob Hamilton
1943 No championship played
1942 Snead
1941 Vic Ghezzi
1940 Nelson
1939 Henry Picard
1938 Paul Runyan
1937 Denny Shute
1936 Shute
1935 Johnny Revolta
1934 Runyan
1933 Gene Sarazen
1932 Olin Dutra
1931 Tom Creavy
1930 Tommy Armour
1929 Leo Diegel
1928 Diegel
1927 Walter Hagen
1926 Hagen
1925 Hagen
1924 Hagen
1923 Sarazen
1922 Sarazen
1921 Hagen
1920 Jock Hutchison
1919 Jim Barnes (England)
1918 No championship played
1917 No championship played
1916 Barnes (Editing by Frank Pingue)
Germany's Merkel says EU ready to negotiate Brexit, no change seen
MESEBERG, Germany, June 14 German Chancellor Angela Merkel said on Wednesday the European Union was ready to start negotiating with Britain about its exit from the EU on June 19, as planned, saying she assumed that the talks would proceed despite last week's parliamentary election in Britain.
Video will play in Play now Don't auto play
Never auto play
The father of a 17-year-old girl who was mauled to death by a shark heard her ear-piercing scream as she was dragged underwater by the monster predator.
The teenager was surfing near Esperance, Western Australia, with her father on Monday when she was attacked.
The girl's father was not near her at the time but heard her howl as she was dragged under the surface, the West Australian reported.
Her mother and two sisters also watched in horror from the beach near Kelps Bed, 3km east of Wylie Bay, as the shark's jaws clamped down on the girl's left leg just before 4pm
.
After the girl resurfaced, her father and another teenage surfer pulled her bloodied body to shore.
By this point she was unconscious and had lost copious amounts of blood.
The girl's family treated her at the scene while they waited for paramedics to arrive, with a nurse who was on the beach performing CPR on the teenager for 30 minutes.
She was taken by ambulance to Esperance Hospital in a critical conditon and later died.
The family, from Mandurah, had been in the area on an Easter holiday.
Wylie Bay Beach will remain closed today and surfers have been warned to stay away for at least the next 48 hours.
A great white shark had been spotted near the beach within the last week, it was reported.
Continued below.
Related Content Footage shows moment Great White shark swims just metres away from unsuspecting kitesurfer Red Beach boatie spots great white shark Video Watch: Beaches closed after shark kills teen surfer
Surfer Sean Pollard was attacked at Wylie Bay in 2014. He lost his right hand and left arm in the attack.
Fisherman and surfer Neville Manstead told the West Australian that he would never enter the water at the beach again.
'That's twice now in the same spot. It could have been my son,' he said.
He added that great white sharks were 'breeding like flies' near the beach.
Esperance shire president Victoria Brown said the teenager's death was 'devastating news' for the community.
The 17-year-old is the third person to die in a shark attack in Western Australia in a year.
Grandmother Doreen Collyer, 60, died after she was attacked by a great white shark while scuba diving on a reef near Perth on June 5, 2016.
Ben Gerring, 29, was killed by a shark just a day earlier after having his leg severed at Falcon Beach, in Mandurah.
The area where the 17-year-old girl was attacked is isolated and sits about 16kms outside of Esperance.
The remote beaches are surrounded by shrubbery and connected to area towns by lengthy roads.
Esperance is home to the Pink Lake, which is famous for its bright pink water.
- Daily Mail
Travelers wait in line at a security checkpoint at La Guardia Airport in New York November 25, 2015. REUTERS/Brendan McDermid
BERLIN Global demand for air travel rose 4.8 percent in February, thanks to lower fares and improving economies, with no major impact from an attempted U.S. travel ban, the International Air Transport Association (IATA) said on Thursday.
Tourism bodies have warned that travel to the United States could slow this year due to a perception that it is less welcoming to travelers than before.
"Although we remain concerned over the impact of any travel restrictions or closing of borders, we have not seen the attempted U.S. ban on travel from six countries translate into an identifiable traffic trend," IATA Director General Alexandre de Juniac said in a statement on Thursday.
Middle Eastern carriers, among the most affected by the attempted travel restrictions, saw demand rise 9.5 percent in February, said IATA, which represents nearly 265 airlines accounting for 83 percent of global air traffic.
De Juniac also repeated criticism of the way in which authorities brought in new restrictions on electronic devices larger than a smartphone from passenger cabins on flights from certain countries without first consulting the airline industry.
"The introduction of restrictions on the carry-on of large electronic devices was a missed opportunity and the result was a measure that cannot stand up to the scrutiny of public confidence in the long term," he said.
Europe's aviation regulator on Wednesday voiced concern over the risk of battery fires in the cargo holds of passenger planes as a result of the ban.
Overall, capacity in February increased 2.7 percent, leading to the load factor - a measure of how full planes are - rising 1.6 percentage points to 79.5 percent. IATA said that was the highest-ever level recorded for a February.
Falling fares have put pressure on airline earnings in recent months and IATA said it estimates fares have dropped by more than 10 percent in real terms over the last year.
(Reporting by Victoria Bryan; Editing by Georgina Prodhan)
Contact
Blingstation.com
011 41324447, 41324448
***@blingstation.com Blingstation.com011 41324447, 41324448
End
-- Blingstation is launching their supreme designs for all you fashionable ladies out there! Blingstation, one of the largest online e-commerce website offering numerous ranges of designs for college going girls or for parties or casual meets. They deal in high fashion jewelry and 92.5 sterling silver jewelry manufacturers in India. Also they follow the latest trend and also keeps their customers update from there fashion blog. The quality and creative designs of this online website are alluring and also at affordable prices.One can choose from the discounted items also on the website which are really amazing. This website believes in originality where they have separate team for designing, stylist and curator. The designers are the hand behind the pleasing pieces which we see on the website and of course the hard work of the craftsmen in the making of the jewelry. Serving the best quality is there main agenda. They envision of becoming a fashion hub that can satisfy every accessory related need of customers. They want their buyers to get an amazing shopping experience, so that they keep coming back. They offer fashion jewelries like anklet, bangles, bracelet, cuff, earrings, necklaces, pendant, ring and silver jewelry. Fashion anklets have always been in trend. They offer wide range of handmade anklets with different styles and designs which are at affordable prices. Fashion bangles are a must for any college going girl to slip in and look effortlessly beautiful.All she need is to match the bangle with the dress and look stunning and here Blingstation offers you distinctive range of bangles, pick the right one and team up with your attire. Fashion bracelets at Blingstation give a new definition of styling in with the bracelets. Check there collection and prices and you will surely end up buying one or different bracelets. Fashion cuffs are always trending if you want to match something with your casual look and they offer astounding range of cuffs at very reasonable prices, so that you do not have to check your pocket before buying such jewelries. Fashion earrings can be worn with casual or ethnic wear they have collection for all occasions. Fashion necklaces are also available with the best quality; they have intriguing designs which attracts more and more customers towards them.Fashion pendant are also a part of their collection where they offer trendy and chic pendants which are in fashion as they are always updated with the latest trends in fashion. Fashion rings are one of their best collections;one can simply talk with their hands while wearing their amazing rings. Also they offer humongous range of silver jewelry, which are designed from there designers who are specialized in this specific field. Blingstation also provides you the comfort of easy shipment, honest product deliverance with mouth watering discounts. One can shop a big basket of jewelries from here with the affordable prices. Also you can also have one on one discussion with their experts in case you're in a chaos and are unable to decide. Blingstation offers people to get their own designs created or buy from our range of products. This is a distinctive quality.For Fashion Jewelry visit https://www.blingstation.com/ jewelry/fashion
Goldman-backed startup Circle launches no-fee foreign payments service
PARIS/NEW YORK, June 15 Blockchain-based payments startup Circle Internet Financial on Thursday launched an international online money transfer service that allows people in the United States and Europe to send money to each other instantly and at no cost as it seeks to tear down borders in the payments world.
Contact
Nathan Smith
***@orangewavesolutions.com Nathan Smith
End
--Cloud solutions continue to evolve and is helping many industries move forward with this type of services, OrangeWave Solutions has announced a new major initiative designed to support companies within the Law Firm's industries. We are aiming to provide efficient, secure and better business financial reports to help them enable the long term success of growing their practice.This will help position OrangeWave Solutions, a QuickBooks Online Certified ProAdvisor and Clio Product Pro Certified, as a leader in providing Cloud-Based services to Law Firm's across the country, this new initiative will broaden OrangeWave Solutions target market to a new vertical. This initiative is to help an industry that has been using legacy systems for many years and that are in need of new tools that can help them increase their bottom line, time tracking, matter management, track invoice, organize expenses and maintain a high level of security.As a company we have made a conscious decision to focus our resources and talents to this large industry, Law Firms need better operational transparency that can help them improved visibility with a solution that can be flexible yet highly secure in the cloud.OrangeWave Solutions had success within this market, earlier this year they signed Keen Law offices, a Law Firm that offers a wide variety of practice areas as Immigration, Visas and many other services for their clients.About OrangeWave SolutionsOrangeWave Solutions offers accounting bookkeeping and payroll services to small and midsize companies and we are QuickBooks Online Certified ProAdvisors and Clio Product Pro Certified, OrangeWave Solutions cloud delivery enables effective implementations for companies across the U.S.Media Contact:Admin, Marketing CoordinatorOrangeWave Solutions801-210-1009info@orangewavesolutions.com
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
LONDON, April 6 (IFR) - Record volume of interest rate swaps were cleared through central counterparties in March, as new rules forcing derivatives users to exchange daily margin on their uncleared swaps exposures raised the cost and operational burden associated with bilateral trades.
LCH's SwapClear platform cleared US$105trn notional of interest rate swaps in March, a 70% increase on March 2016 and 38% up on February volume. The record month took first-quarter cleared volume on the platform to US$244trn, including US$56trn from buyside clients.
“The recent introduction of the uncleared margin rules has acted as a significant incentive for firms to direct more trades to clearing, while the upcoming clearing mandate for rates has encouraged buyside clients to clear more of their portfolios," said Cameron Goh, global head of product management for rates and FX derivatives at LCH.
Under the European Market Infrastructure Regulation, financial counterparties and alternative investment funds with over €8bn notional swaps exposures were mandated to clear their vanilla swaps exposures from December 2016. Category Three clients, which include financial counterparties and AIFs with swaps exposure below the €8bn threshold, will be required to clear all standardised swaps from June 2017.
Swaps counterparties were also hit with uncleared margin rules on March 1, which mandate a daily exchange of collateral on exposures that are not cleared through CCPs. Global regulators provided a six-month grace period for compliance but uncertainty around the scope of relief triggered a preference for cleared instruments among many buyside firms.
Margin rules were behind a widespread migration of inflation swaps and non-deliverable forward FX trades into the cleared world. LCH's ForexClear posted a nine-fold year-on-year jump for March volumes as cleared notional hit US$929bn. Inflation swaps clearing also hit a record US$397bn for the month.
VOLUNTARY SHIFT
While many buyside firms are clearing their swaps ahead of the mandate, some exempt entities are being enticed by the netting and compression benefits, and as cleared swap prices become the default price.
Germany's KfW has confirmed that it will begin clearing its euro-denominated interest rate swaps through Deutsche Boerse's Eurex Clearing platform. The development agency follows in the footsteps of Germany's sovereign debt agency, Finanzagentur, which began clearing OTC interest rate swaps through EurexOTC Clear in late 2016.
As a government-backed entity, KfW is exempt from the EMIR clearing mandate but is eyeing settlement efficiency benefits for the swap transactions used to hedge part of its €75bn annual bond issuance programme against interest rate changes.
"KfW's funding is based on a broad diversification of business partners. Therefore it makes sense to use central clearing to expand the number of our derivatives partners, while at the same time taking advantage of the benefits of central clearing from a risk management perspective," said Guenther Braeunig, KfW board member responsible for capital markets.
Since the beginning of 2017, swaps clearing volumes on EurexOTC Clear have increased by 30%, taking notional outstanding to more than €1.2trn. That still lags SwapClear's US$282trn notional outstanding, but the Frankfurt clearinghouse hopes that the addition of large issuer clients will attract additional business by smoothing the structural supply and demand imbalances that have opened up a basis between the same swaps at different clearinghouses.
HIGHER VOLUME
In addition to regulatory drivers, March is typically a high volume month for cleared swaps due to quarterly IMM roll activity and semi-annual credit default swap rolls.
Overall interest rate swap volumes have increased alongside rising US interest rates and expected tapering of quantitative easing activities by the European Central Bank. Data from Swapsinfo.org, collated from the DTCC and BSDR repositories, show that more than US$840bn of interest rate swaps notional traded during the first week in March - the most active week since the DTCC began collecting data in 2013.
Listed markets show similar trends, with first quarter trading in fixed income derivatives on the Eurex exchange jumping by 27% year-on-year. The exchange recorded strong appetite for French government bond futures ahead of the presidential elections as 10.9m euro-OAT futures changed hands during the first quarter - a 58% year-on-year increase. (Reporting by Helen Bartholomew)
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Birmingham is braced for hours of torrential rain today.
The city is set for huge downpours, the Met Office is predicting, just days after a Spring heatwave across Brum.
Birmingham basked in soaring temperatures and sweltering heat last week.
The heatwave was sparked by a blast of African air - but we can expect a downturn in fortunes today, sadly.
An area of low pressure positioned to the west of Britain will bring plenty of wet and breezy weather over the coming days.
According to forecasts, April showers are set to return as well as risk of thunderstorms.
Cooler air from the Atlantic will send temperatures tumbling back towards normal April averages during the first half of the week as the tropical blast fizzles out.
But it could turn even cooler during the second half of the week with temperatures falling below average and possibly sinking close to freezing in parts.
Dr Michael de Villiers, senior meteorologist at The Weather Channel, said conditions will become more typical of April over Europe with temperatures tending toward normal after last week's mini-heatwave.
He said: "Weather conditions in the UK will start to become more typical of April, with a mixture of sunshine and afternoon showers or thundershowers.
"Dominant high pressure with mostly sunny and dry weather and temperatures considerably above normal will give way to lower pressure in the north and a milder and moister westerly air flow.
"Showers and thundershowers, associated with a cold front, will pass over Europe Monday, but cooler air following in the north-west where there will be nearer to normal temperatures."
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
It will feel cooler in northern and western regions as 'Pest from the West' rain heads towards Scotland, northern England and Wales, with showers turning heavy at times.
Showers will become more widespread on Tuesday as a large mass of rain edges eastwards from the Atlantic, potentially falling as sleet or hail in north of Scotland.
More of the same on the way on Wednesday as washout conditions take charge across the majority of the UK for most of the day.
A deep area of low pressure will also be associated with stronger winds in the west, making it quite a blustery day and feeling much fresher as the mercury lingers a few degrees above 10C.
Some heavier showers are likely over Wales and the Midlands in the afternoon with a risk of thunder.
By Thursday temperatures are predicted to stoop below average under the influence of volatile Atlantic pressure systems, with a threat thunder over Scotland in the afternoon.
However, high pressure is set to gradually build further east and this will drive drier and brighter spells towards Britain later in the week.
Dr Michael de Villiers added: "It will be sunny and dry on Friday with showers along western coastal areas in the morning, although extending to the north-east of England.
"Maximum temperatures will be 11-15C in the south down to 10-12C over Scotland and Ireland."
The changeable outlook is likely to persist into the weekend.
Double figures are expected to plunge into the low single figures and potentially hit lows of -2C in parts of Scotland by Saturday.
The forecaster said: "Widespread normal temperatures are expected over Europe and even less warm to the south under the increased effect of milder air from the Atlantic.
"The British Isles even seeing temperatures drop slightly below average in some areas.”
RECONCILIATION Week is an important time in our local calendar as it reminds us all of the continued need for healing of past hurts.
To be reconciled is to restore relations and we are very blessed to have that opportunity as a country.
When we look at ongoing conflicts in other parts of the world, the lack of reconciliation is something that has plagued cultures for centuries or even longer.
Australia, with its relatively recent history of colonisation, has a better chance than any other country to embrace our first peoples and make their culture a significant part of our own.
This week has been full of special moments for me as I spend time in our community seeing those bridges being built.
As a council we believe on leading this movement with our Reconciliation Action Plan (RAP).
The RAP not only restores, but enhances our connection with the local Bundjalung nation and all local Aboriginal people.
In its latest form our RAP has already laid a foundation for respectful and positive relations and is now in the phase or enhancing and growing that understanding.
That means reaching out to other organisations so they too can start a RAP process.
The last phase, which we hope to begin in the next few years is to become innovators.
Our RAP needs to use all of the previous reconciliation acts and achievements to then go in new directions and empower our whole community.
Acts of innovation show that don't accept what we have as we know that more can be done. That we can be more.
It is an honour to lead a council that has always pushed for recognition and embraced our proud Bundjalung heritage. I am excited by the life changing, community building opportunities that are ahead of us.
““The police are going to stick together no matter if it's wrong or right. They don't care about black lives.”
Cops/DA said #PatrickHarmon threatened them & pulled a knife. Video shows cops threatening him & firing as he *fled* pic.twitter.com/ctdJeyLc0x — Thinker (@areta) October 6, 2017
Police in Salt Lake City, Utah, fatally shot a black man from behind as he tried to flee from them.
Patrick Harmon, 50, was reportedly pulled over by Officer Kris Smith because he was riding a bicycle without a light. The video shows officers asking him to remove his backpack. As he took his bag off, the cops asked him to turn around and put his arms around his back.
However, as the officers tried to arrest him, Harmon attempted to escape. That is when officer Clinton Fox fired three bullets at him, before shouting, “I'll fucking shoot you!”
Harmon died on the spot.
The black man's family and civil rights activists believe the incident was a result of racial profiling.
However, the district attorney's office had a different story and claimed Harmon threatened the police officers and said “I'll cut you.” They also said that he turned and faced officers with a knife as he was running.
Salt Lake officials also arugued the shooting was justified as they cops feared for their lives.
However, the footage of the incident doesn't show Harmon making any of the threats.
“They just murdered him flat out. They are lying. There is no way they were threatened by anything. He was only trying to get away. He was scared. All he did was run. It hurts … They said ‘I'm going to kill you' and they shot him three times. He's just moaning on the ground,” said Alisha Shaw, Harmon's niece.
Antoinette Harmon, his sister, said, “The police are going to stick together no matter if it's wrong or right. They don't care about black lives.”
Police officers involved in the incident are not facing any charges.
The incident once again triggered debate on the spike of police brutality cases in the United States. Activists called Harmon's killing as a “brutal execution.”
“That officer disregarded his de-escalation training. It's just brutal. How could anyone with eyes and ears believe that that officer was justified?” said Lex Scott, a local Black Lives Matter organizer.
A number of cases have emerged that show police officers' use of excessive force on suspects, however, they are hardly ever made accountable for their acts or charged.
Recently, circuit Judge Timothy Wilson acquitted white ex-police officer Jason Stockley in a fatal shooting of a black man, Anthony Lamar Smith. The man was shot five times in his car after attempting to elude Stockley and his partner, who had chased the suspect over an alleged drug deal.
In another incident, a police officer in Oklahoma shot a man in front of his home, ignoring pleas from his neighbor that he was deaf and was unable to hear the commands. Madgiel Sanchez was reportedly holding a metal pipe and authorities repeatedly asked him to drop the tool before opening fire on him.
The man succumbed to his injuries and died. One of the officers involved in the shooting was only placed on administrative leave and the other is still on active duty.
Police brutality and racial profiling are claiming lives across the country. The surge in cases initiated a protest by NFL quarterback Colin Kaepernick of the San Francisco 49ers when he refused to stand for the national anthem before a preseason game and instead chose to kneel down.
Today, the protest has taken the form of a movement where several people have joined Kaepernick and they choose to #TakeAknee in protest of police brutality and racism.
President Donald Trump last month attacked the protesting players and urged NFL owners to fire players who do not stand for the anthem, claiming it was disrespectful to the country's military.
Banner / Thumnail : Reuters
Get Birmingham City FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The Birmingham City squad would welcome the appointment of Paul Robinson as manager until the end of the season.
Robinson could be handed the role on a caretaker basis for Blues' final three fixtures after Gianfranco Zola resigned.
Zola stepped down following defeat to relegation rivals Burton Albion today and attentions now turn to whom the Blues hierarchy will appoint as his successor.
The beleaguered Italian won just two of his 24 matches at the helm and took Blues from play-off candidates to just three points above the Championship drop zone in 124 days.
And the Birmingham Mail understands that the Blues first team would be happy with club captain Robinson to take up the challenge of keeping them in the division.
Robinson, 38, joined Blues in 2012 and has gone on to make 160 appearances in Royal Blue. Despite featuring 24 times this season, his attentions in recent years have turned to life after football and the defender has been given the opportunity to coach youngsters during his time at St Andrew's.
The former West Brom and Bolton man is immensely popular in the dressing room and around Blues' Wast Hills training base and is in with a chance of leading the side against Aston Villa, Huddersfield Town and Bristol City.
April 12 Demire Deutsche Mittelstand Real Estate AG:
* Speaker of executive board (CEO) Andreas Steyer will resign from executive board of Demire Deutsche Mittelstand Real Estate AG
* His executive board contract, which runs until March 31, 2019, will be terminated prematurely by best mutual amicable agreement with supervisory board
* Executive board member Markus Drews will become executive board spokesman (CEO) as of July 1, 2017
* As of July 1, 2017 executive board of company will consist of Markus Drews (CEO) and Ralf Kind (CFO) Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
* For the midday report, please click
SEOUL, April 13 The South Korean won ended at more than a one-week high on Thursday and stocks jumped after the Bank of Korea raised its economic growth outlook for this year, helping to offset worries about risks from North Korea.
The central bank raised its growth outlook to 2.6 percent from the previous 2.5 percent at a meeting earlier in the day, while keeping interest rates unchanged as expected.
U.S. President Donald Trump's comments that the dollar is "getting too strong" weighed on the greenback, giving additional boost to the won.
The won stood at 1,129.7 against the dollar at the conclusion of onshore trade, up 1 percent compared to Wednesday's close of 1,141.4. It was the highest closing level since April 5.
The Korea Composite Stock Price Index (KOSPI) closed up 0.9 percent at 2,148.61 points.
Foreign investors were net sellers for the day and sold a net 40.4 billion won ($35.77 million) worth of KOSPI shares.
While U.S. President Donald Trump has put North Korea on notice that he won't tolerate provocative actions, and has sent a carrier group towards the peninsula, U.S. officials have said his administration was focusing its strategy on tougher economic sanctions. (Reporting by Dahee Kim; Editing by Kim Coghill)
Swedish prosecutor closes SCA probe without charges
STOCKHOLM, June 15 A Swedish prosecutor said on Thursday that a bribery investigation regarding representatives of forestry group SCA had been closed without resulting in any charges.
","size":[970,250],"partnerId":"AolHtb"},{"targeting":{"ix_aol_om":["970x90_5000"],"ix_aol_id":["_1DF9qfZ1"]},"price":5000,"adm":" ","size":[970,90],"partnerId":"AolHtb"},{"targeting":{"ix_aol_om":["728x90_5000"],"ix_aol_id":["_1DF9qfZ1"]},"price":5000,"adm":" ","size":[728,90],"partnerId":"AolHtb"},{"targeting":{"rpfl_XXXX":["57_tier7000"],"rpfl_elemid":["_g7Apgheo"]},"price":4500,"adm":"","size":[970,250],"partnerId":"RubiconHtb"},{"targeting":{"rpfl_XXXX":["55_tier7000"],"rpfl_elemid":["_g7Apgheo"]},"price":4500,"adm":"","size":[970,90],"partnerId":"RubiconHtb"},{"targeting":{"rpfl_XXXX":["2_tier7000"],"rpfl_elemid":["_g7Apgheo"]},"price":4500,"adm":"","size":[728,90],"partnerId":"RubiconHtb"}],"other_square_desktop":[{"targeting":{"IOM":["300x600_5000"],"ix_id":["_VY8yOJVM"]},"price":5000,"adm":" certification testing: 5_5000 (1520325519) ","size":[300,600],"partnerId":"IndexExchangeHtb"}]},"page":[]}; } if (typeof HBKEYVALUES != "undefined" && demand != null) { updateIXrender(demand); } ADTECH.config.page = { protocol: (typeof location.protocol != 'undefined') ? location.protocol.substring(0,location.protocol.indexOf(':')) : 'http', server: 'adserver.adtech.de', network: '1695.1', params: { loc: '100' }};ADTECH.config.placements['www.rugbyrama.fr_other_square_desktop'] = {responsive : { useresponsive: true, bounds: [{id: 'neutralisation_square', min: 0, max: 899 }, {id: 'www.rugbyrama.fr_other_square_tablet', min: 900, max: 1279 },{id: 'www.rugbyrama.fr_other_square_desktop', min: 1280, max: 9999 }]}, sizeid: '170', fif: {usefif:true, disableFriendlyFlag: true}, params: { target: '_blank' },kv:(typeof HBKEYVALUES != "undefined") ? Object.assign({"site": "www.rugbyrama.fr","position": "square","page": "story","sport": "44","recurring_event": "755","competition": "474","agency": "145","topic": "5","sponso": "off","content": "6833186","abbr":(typeof adtechCCfullstring != 'undefined') ? adtechCCfullstring : ''}, HBKEYVALUES[getHtSlotName("other_square_desktop","other_square_tablet","other_square_mobile")]) : {"site": "www.rugbyrama.fr","position": "square","page": "story","sport": "44","recurring_event": "755","competition": "474","agency": "145","topic": "5","sponso": "off","content": "6833186","abbr":(typeof adtechCCfullstring != 'undefined') ? adtechCCfullstring : ''}};ADTECH.enqueueAd('www.rugbyrama.fr_other_square_desktop');ADTECH.executeQueue(); } if (window.headertag != undefined) { window.headertag.retrieveDemand([{htSlotName: getHtSlotName("other_square_desktop","other_square_tablet","other_square_mobile")}], lazyLoadedIX); } else { console.error('Wrapper is not loaded, let\'s just carry on with the request'); lazyLoadedIX(null); } } -->","size":[970,250],"partnerId":"AolHtb"},{"targeting":{"ix_aol_om":["970x90_5000"],"ix_aol_id":["_1DF9qfZ1"]},"price":5000,"adm":" ","size":[970,90],"partnerId":"AolHtb"},{"targeting":{"ix_aol_om":["728x90_5000"],"ix_aol_id":["_1DF9qfZ1"]},"price":5000,"adm":" ","size":[728,90],"partnerId":"AolHtb"},{"targeting":{"rpfl_XXXX":["57_tier7000"],"rpfl_elemid":["_g7Apgheo"]},"price":4500,"adm":"","size":[970,250],"partnerId":"RubiconHtb"},{"targeting":{"rpfl_XXXX":["55_tier7000"],"rpfl_elemid":["_g7Apgheo"]},"price":4500,"adm":"","size":[970,90],"partnerId":"RubiconHtb"},{"targeting":{"rpfl_XXXX":["2_tier7000"],"rpfl_elemid":["_g7Apgheo"]},"price":4500,"adm":"","size":[728,90],"partnerId":"RubiconHtb"}],"other_square_desktop":[{"targeting":{"IOM":["300x600_5000"],"ix_id":["_VY8yOJVM"]},"price":5000,"adm":" certification testing: 5_5000 (1520325519) ","size":[300,600],"partnerId":"IndexExchangeHtb"}]},"page":[]}; } if (typeof HBKEYVALUES != "undefined" && demand != null) { updateIXrender(demand); } ADTECH.config.page = { protocol: (typeof location.protocol != 'undefined') ? location.protocol.substring(0,location.protocol.indexOf(':')) : 'http', server: 'adserver.adtech.de', network: '1695.1', params: { loc: '100' }};ADTECH.config.placements['www.rugbyrama.fr_other_middle_desktop'] = {responsive : { useresponsive: true, bounds: [{id: 'neutralisation_square', min: 0, max: 899 }, {id: 'www.rugbyrama.fr_other_middle_tablet', min: 900, max: 1279 },{id: 'www.rugbyrama.fr_other_middle_desktop', min: 1280, max: 9999 }]}, sizeid: '1761', fif: {usefif:true, disableFriendlyFlag: true}, params: { target: '_blank' },kv:(typeof HBKEYVALUES != "undefined") ? Object.assign({"site": "www.rugbyrama.fr","position": "middle","page": "story","sport": "44","recurring_event": "755","competition": "474","agency": "145","topic": "5","sponso": "off","content": "6833186","abbr":(typeof adtechCCfullstring != 'undefined') ? adtechCCfullstring : ''}, HBKEYVALUES[getHtSlotName("other_middle_desktop","other_middle_tablet","other_middle_mobile")]) : {"site": "www.rugbyrama.fr","position": "middle","page": "story","sport": "44","recurring_event": "755","competition": "474","agency": "145","topic": "5","sponso": "off","content": "6833186","abbr":(typeof adtechCCfullstring != 'undefined') ? adtechCCfullstring : ''}};ADTECH.enqueueAd('www.rugbyrama.fr_other_middle_desktop');ADTECH.executeQueue(); } if (window.headertag != undefined) { window.headertag.retrieveDemand([{htSlotName: getHtSlotName("other_middle_desktop","other_middle_tablet","other_middle_mobile")}], lazyLoadedIX); } else { console.error('Wrapper is not loaded, let\'s just carry on with the request'); lazyLoadedIX(null); } } -->
May 3 (Reuters) -
* Bookrunner - books are covered on the full deal size including the greenshoe in VolkerWessels IPO (Bengaluru Newsroom)
BRIEF-Atos wins contract with GENCI
* CONTRACT AIMS TO DELIVER ONE OF MOST POWERFUL SUPERCOMPUTERS IN WORLD, PLANNED FOR END OF 2017 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
Some 500 families were affected when fire hit a residential area in Barangay Botocan in Quezon City on March 6.
To minimize the impact of trauma caused by the tragedy, the Philippine Charity Sweepstakes Office (PCSO) through the effort of PCSO director Jesus Manuel Suntay, conducted a medical and dental mission for the residents of Area 6 of said barangay.
The outreach program, headed by Medical Services Department manager, physician Jose Bernardo Gochoco Jr., served a total of 275 patients, 238 for medical and 37 for dental. Medicines were also distributed to patients.
One of the patients, Zeny delos Reyes, herself a fire victim, said she's very glad that PCSO came to help them cope with the tragedy.
“Malaking bagay po na nandito ang PCSO para magbigay ng serbisyo sa mga gaya naming dumaan sa isang trahedya,” said delos Reyes.
“Imbes na ibibili namin ng gamot o ibabayad sa pagpapa-check-up sa doktor at sa pagpapabunot ng ngipin, maidadagdag na lang namin sa pagpapagawa ng aming bahay na nasunog,” she added.
Chairman Vincent Saab of the adjacent barangay also expressed gratitude to PCSO for sending the team to help the residents of Area 6.
“Sana po ipagpatuloy ng PCSO ang mga ganitong programa sapagkat marami po itong natutulungan, gaya na lamang ng aming mga kapit-barangay na naapektuhan ng isang malaking sunog. Maraming-maraming salamat PCSO,” said Saab.
The Medical and Dental Mission Program is one of PCSO's answers to President Rodrigo Duterte's Universal Health Care coverage. It involves the provision of medical consultation and treatment, medicines for primary health care, dental consultation and treatment including tooth extraction and preventive dental health education, referral to hospitals for diagnostic procedures and further management and referral to the Charity Assistance Department (CAD) for availment of Individual Medical Assistance Program (IMAP).
ROSELLE DELA UMBRIA/PHOTOS BY EDWIN LOVINO
Make informed decisions.
Become an FT subscriber.
Keep abreast of significant corporate, financial and political developments around the world. Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting, expert commentary and analysis you can trust.
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Traders Holdings Co Ltd
* Says it signs basic agreement with Philippines-based CAGAYAN ECONOMIC ZONE AUTHORITY and IWAVE INC on Feb. 2
* Says three entities will cooperate on virtual currency related fintech
Source text in Japanese: goo.gl/FNS6c9
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
WeWork CEO says revenue runs at $1 bln a year, no IPO details yet
NEW YORK, June 14 The chief executive of WeWork Cos Inc said on Wednesday the coworking space startup he co-founded is now generating $1 billion a year in revenue at current rates and will launch an initial public offering, but did not say where or when.
Franck Ribery and James Rodriguez were on target on Saturday for champions Bayern Munich who beat Mainz 2-0 to extend their lead at the top of the Bundesliga to 18 points.
"We were exhausted at the end," Bavaria centre-back Mats Hummels told Sky Sport. "Mainz passed the ball well but we deserved to win."
Bavaria profited from Bayer Leverkusen's 0-0 draw at Freiburg to increase their advantage. However the lead will be cut to 17 points if Eintracht Frankfurt win at Augsburg on Sunday.
On Friday night, Michy Batshuayi made a dream debut for Borussia Dortmund at Cologne. The 24-year-old Belgium international scored twice in the 3-2 Bundesliga win that took Dortmund temporarily up to second. They dropped to fourth place on Saturday following Leverkusen's draw and Leipzig's 1-0 win at Borussia Moenchengladbach.
Just before the January transfer window closed, Dortmund sold the Gabon international Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang to Arsenal for 63 million euros and then signed Batshuayi on loan from Chelsea.
"I am very happy, but the most important thing was the win," Batshuayi told Eurosport. "It's my first match, it was always going to be difficult. I could have scored more but the most important is the win and the three points.”
California seeking to fine Uber $1.1 million over drunk drivers
April 17, 2017
California's Public Utilities Commission (PUC) has filed an order seeking to fine Uber $1.13 million for failing to properly respond to suspected drunk drivers. [Market Watch]
From Aug. 2014 to Aug. 2015, Uber reported receiving 2,047 complaints from California passengers about suspected drunk drivers. Uber barred 574 of the drivers.
However, state regulators reviewed 154 complaints about Uber drivers who allegedly drove drunk during that period. Uber did not promptly suspend or investigate 151 of the 154 drivers.
Regulators are seeking a $7,500 fine for each of the 151 violations found by the PUC's Consumer Protection and Enforcement Division.
“In many instances, CPED found no evidence that [Uber] followed up in any way with zero tolerance complaints several hours or even one fully day after passengers filed such complaints,” the PUC order states.
In a recent statement, Uber said the complaints were a couple years old, and the company has improved since then.
“We have zero tolerance for any impaired driving as outlined in our community guidelines,” an Uber spokesman said. “This report relates to complaints in 2014 and 2015 and we've significantly improved our process since then.”
Unlike taxi and limousine drivers in California, drivers for ride-hauling services like Uber and Lyft do not need to be tested for alcohol and drugs. However, Uber and Lyft must comply with a zero-tolerance policy, under which the companies are required to promptly suspend and investigate drivers accused of driving under the influence.
Uber has been known to clash with regulators around the world, and the company has previously run afoul of California's PUC. Last year, the state shut down Uber's unlicensed testing of self-driving cars. Then last month, Uber applied for a permit to test self-driving cars and state regulators gave their approval.
Loading...
Turkish foreign minister heads to Kuwait in Qatar crisis - sources
ISTANBUL, June 14 Turkish Foreign Minister Mevlut Cavusoglu was to travel to Kuwait on Wednesday evening after completing a visit to Qatar, foreign ministry sources said, in his quest to broker an end to a dispute betweeen the Gulf state and other Arab countries.
A woman is in a critical condition in hospital and two men in a stable condition after a serious road crash in Co Armagh.
The three people were taken to Craigavon Area Hospital after the crash involving a lorry carrying animal blood and a red car.
Car badly damaged on the Armagh Road Portadown this morning
The PSNI closed the road for several hours while debris was cleared from the Portadown Road.
The incident happened just after 7am this morning near Richhill.
The lorry toppled down an embankment on its side and crashed into the wall of Richhill Tyre Centre.
Owner Michael Somerville said the crash also knocked down an electricity pylon.
Large lorry carrying animal blood toppled down an embankment into Richhill Tyre Centre
“I believe the lorry was carrying animal blood which seems have remained intact but it is regarded as a hazardous material.
“I might have to close for a few days but that doesn't matter. Just as long as everyone is OK,” he said.
A spokesperson for the NI Ambulance Service said it received a 999 call at 07:13 this morning, following reports of a two vehicle road traffic collision on the Portadown Road, Armagh.
“Three Emergency Ambulance crews were dispatched to the incident. The Charity Air Ambulance was also tasked to the scene.
“Following assessment and treatment at the scene, three patients were taken to Craigavon Area Hospital by land ambulance.”
Lord Mayor of Armagh City, Banbridge & Craigavon Borough Council Alderman Gareth Wilson said: “My thoughts and prayers are with those who have been injured in this collision and looking at the scene it has certainly been a very frightening experience for all involved. I hope and pray that the occupants of the two vehicles make a full recovery from this serious collision. It is yet another stark reminder of the dangers on our roads.”
A chef holds 'insect tsukemen' ramen noodle at 'Ramen Nagi' restaurant in Tokyo, Japan April 9, 2017. Picture taken on April 9, 2017. REUTERS/Kim Kyung-Hoon
An 'Insect tsukemen' ramen noodle topped with fried worms and crickets is placed on a customer's table at 'Ramen Nagi' restaurant in Tokyo, Japan April 9, 2017. Picture taken on April 9, 2017. REUTERS/Kim Kyung-Hoon
An 'Insect tsukemen' ramen noodle topped with fried worms and crickets is placed on a customer's table at 'Ramen Nagi' restaurant in Tokyo, Japan April 9, 2017. Picture taken on April 9, 2017. REUTERS/Kim Kyung-Hoon
A waiter serves 'insect tsukemen' ramen noodle to a customer at 'Ramen Nagi' restaurant in Tokyo, Japan April 9, 2017. Picture taken on April 9, 2017. REUTERS/Kim Kyung-Hoon
Worms are cooked with vegetables before they are used for making spring rolls at 'Ramen Nagi' restaurant in Tokyo, Japan April 9, 2017. Picture taken on April 9, 2017. REUTERS/Kim Kyung-Hoon
Worms are seen at a kitchen while a chef makes spring rolls with cooked worms at 'Ramen Nagi' restaurant in Tokyo, Japan April 9, 2017. Picture taken on April 9, 2017. REUTERS/Kim Kyung-Hoon
Worms are seen at a kitchen while a chef fries the worms and other insects for making 'insect tsukemen' ramen noodles at 'Ramen Nagi' restaurant in Tokyo, Japan April 9, 2017. Picture taken on April 9, 2017. REUTERS/Kim Kyung-Hoon
A chef makes a spring roll with cooked worms at 'Ramen Nagi' restaurant in Tokyo, Japan April 9, 2017. Picture taken on April 9, 2017. REUTERS/Kim Kyung-Hoon
A chef places worms and crickets on a noodle as he serves 'insect tsukemen' noodle at 'Ramen Nagi' restaurant in Tokyo, Japan April 9, 2017. Picture taken on April 9, 2017. REUTERS/Kim Kyung-Hoon
Crickets in a pot are seen after being cooked as a soup for 'insect tsukemen' at 'Ramen Nagi' restaurant in Tokyo, Japan April 9, 2017. Picture taken on April 9, 2017. REUTERS/Kim Kyung-Hoon
People stand in a line to enter 'Ramen Nagi' restaurant for a one-day event serving 'insect tsukemen' ramen noodles in Tokyo, Japan April 9, 2017. Picture taken on April 9, 2017. REUTERS/Kim Kyung-Hoon
A customer takes pictures of an 'Insect tsukemen' ramen noodle topped with fried worms and crickets 'Ramen Nagi' restaurant in Tokyo, Japan April 9, 2017. Picture taken on April 9, 2017. REUTERS/Kim Kyung-Hoon
A customer smiles as she eats an 'Insect tsukemen' ramen noodle topped with fried worms and crickets at 'Ramen Nagi' restaurant in Tokyo, Japan April 9, 2017. Picture taken on April 9, 2017. REUTERS/Kim Kyung-Hoon
A customer eats an 'Insect tsukemen' ramen noodle topped with fried worms and crickets at 'Ramen Nagi' restaurant in Tokyo, Japan April 9, 2017. Picture taken on April 9, 2017. REUTERS/Kim Kyung-Hoon
TOKYO Curious Japanese foodies queued up outside a Tokyo restaurant for a taste of a rare dish - ramen garnished with deep-fried worms and crickets.
Within about four hours, the Ramen Nagi restaurant had sold out of the 100 bowls of "insect tsukemen" noodles it had prepared for Sunday's single-day event.
The noodles were topped with about a dozen small crickets and mealworms, which customers then dipped into soups flavoured with crickets, grasshoppers, or silkworm powder.
"It's deep-fried, so it's really crispy, and it doesn't have a bad taste," said 22-year-old student Anri Nakatani. "It's almost like a deep-fried shrimp."
The event was organised by the restaurant owner, and Yuta Shinohara, a 22-year-old who has set up insect-eating events in Tokyo, including a Valentine's Day celebration that served chocolates, cakes and cocktails featuring insects.
Shinohara, who started eating bugs as a child, wants to promote the alternative food culture in Japan and around the world, through ramen, popular Japanese food.
"Through ramen, I'd like to spread how fun and delicious it is to eat insects," he said.
The full course, costing 3,000 yen (£22), consisted of insect ramen, a bowl of rice with crickets, spring rolls with fried worms, and ice cream flavoured with insect powder. The ramen alone cost 1,500 yen ($13.50).
Insects are eaten in many countries, such as China, Ghana, Mexico and Thailand. Australia's indigenous groups have eaten insects for protein for generations. Bugs are even part of traditional Japanese cuisine in rural areas, but few city dwellers have had the opportunity to try them.
California tourist Steve Lee enjoyed the dish, but said it would take time to catch on in the United States.
"Ramen is just taking off now in a big wave in California so...maybe ten years, five years later?"
(Reporting by Kwiyeon Ha; Writing by Malcolm Foster; Editing by Karishma Singh and Clarence Fernandez)
São Paulo Brazilian telecommunications regulator Anatel on Friday rejected an appeal by Société Mondiale Fundo de Investimento regarding its nomination of two alternative members to the board of phone company Oi SA (OIBR3.SA), upholding its decision in January.
In that ruling, Anatel's directors said that Société Mondiale could not name the replacements for two independent board members because it would violate a requirement in Oi's corporate statute.
(Reporting by Ana Mano; Writing by Brad Haynes; Editing by James Dalgleish)
West Ham United need to snap their losing streak if they want to avoid a "do-or-die" situation during the Premier League run-in, manager Slaven Bilic said on Thursday.
He has watched his team slip alarmingly close to the relegation zone in recent weeks. West Ham were ninth in the table at the end of February, but five defeats in a row have left them in 15th place, five points above the bottom three.
Bilic's team lost 3-0 at London rivals Arsenal on Wednesday and host third-bottom Swansea City on Saturday, knowing that anything other than a win will draw them even deeper into the relegation dog fight.
"It is the manager's responsibility. I am not talking about blame – there is no point talking about that," Bilic told a news conference. "It is my job to take those defeats on my chest and to prepare the team for our game against Swansea."
West Ham's situation has been complicated by their home form this season - the team have won just five of 15 league games at the London Stadium - and all their home matches after Swansea are against teams challenging for Europe.
With only the visits of Everton, Tottenham Hotspur and Liverpool to come, the Swansea game and next weekend's trip to basement-side Sunderland are "massively important" for Bilic, if his team are to put daylight between themselves and the bottom.
"I have had those kinds of games before and some of the players have had those kinds of games," he said. "They are not do-or-die situations but we don't want to come into a do-or-die situation."
Striker Andy Carroll (groin) and midfielder Michail Antonio (illness) are in doubt for Saturday but Bilic is optimistic he will get the win he needs.
"We've got the belief. If you've got belief, you can win the confidence back. We believe we can win on Saturday."
(Reporting by Simon Jennings in Bengaluru)
JOHANNESBURG South Africa's African National Congress "closed ranks" around President Jacob Zuma after two key allies of the ruling party called for his resignation following a cabinet reshuffle that cost the country one of its investment-grade credit ratings.
The rand fell more than 1 percent and bonds weakened after ANC Secretary General Gwede Mantashe told a news briefing on Wednesday that the ANC would not support removing Zuma, whose party leadership role ends in December. Zuma's presidential term will finish in 2019.
Last Thursday's dismissal of finance minister Pravin Gordhan, a totem of policymaking stability for many foreign investors, was criticised by unions, civil society groups and the opposition, and has revived pressure on Zuma to quit.
Since taking office in 2009, the 74-year-old president has repeatedly denied accusations of corruption, and senior ANC officials have backed him.
S&P Global Ratings cited Gordhan's departure as one reason for its downgrade of South Africa to "junk" in an unscheduled credit rating review on Monday, a move that is set to push up the country's borrowing costs.
Mantashe said the ANC had accepted the "irretrievable breakdown of the relationship" between Zuma and Gordhan as the reason the finance minister was sacked.
Gordhan's removal has deepened a rift within the ruling party, with Deputy President Cyril Ramaphosa, a leading candidate to replace Zuma as ANC president, describing it on Friday as "totally, totally unacceptable".
The South African Communist Party (SACP) and the country's biggest trade union, Cosatu, both historic allies of the ANC, have called on Zuma to step down following the sacking.
CLOSE RANKS
Mantashe had also openly criticised Zuma's actions but he painted a different picture on Wednesday, saying the ANC would "close ranks" around the president and the party would iron out its differences with Cosatu and SACP.
The events that unfolded after the reshuffle had "created anxiety and undue confusion as a result of the discordant views, in particular of the National Officials of the ANC," Mantashe said, referring to the criticism directed at Zuma.
"The officials ... have further acknowledged that their public dissonance on the matter was a mistake that should not be committed again."
Half of the ANC's "Top Six" group of officials, including Ramaphosa and Mantashe, had expressed disquiet at Gordhan's sacking. But Zuma, also one of the six, has the support of two other members and influential groups in the ANC, sources say.
Analysts said Zuma remains in favour among grassroots members and can count on the backing of large sections of the party, including the youth and women's leagues.
Zuma is a charismatic figure who has dodged one political minefield after another. He has successfully portrayed himself as a man of the people, loves to sing and dance at public rallies and enjoys wide support from the ANC rank-and-file.
A former member of the ANC's Umkhonto we Sizwe military wing, Zuma rose to become head of intelligence, a post that gave him leverage with allies and opponents alike. Zuma has used his network to sideline opponents to shore up his position, critics who worked with him have said.
Zuma said on Tuesday in his first public comments since the reshuffle that people should remain calm.
The main opposition Democratic Alliance (DA) party said it had filed an urgent court application to have Zuma's decision to remove Gordhan and deputy finance minister Mcebisi Jonas set aside on the grounds that it was unlawful.
The DA has planned a march on Friday against Zuma in the commercial hub Johannesburg, saying his decision to reshuffle the cabinet is likely to hurt the economy and cost yet more jobs. The party's no-confidence motion against Zuma in parliament will be held on April 18, parliament said.
The ANC has a commanding majority in the national assembly. Similar votes have failed in the past.
"There is no ANC member who will vote for an opposition motion," Mantashe said.
Political analysts were not surprised by the ruling party's stance on Wednesday.
"Zuma stays. Rand drops," political analyst Daniel Silke said, while another political commentator, Nic Borain, said Zuma had reasserted his authority. "Quite frankly he still controls the decision-making organs of the ANC," he said.
INTELLIGENCE REPORT
Deputy Secretary-General Jessie Duarte said Zuma had told top ANC officials in December of his decision to dismiss Gordhan, but that they had persuaded him to delay the action.
Duarte told the news briefing Zuma would meet the party's integrity commission on April 9, but gave no details. The ANC formed the commission in 2013 to help protect its image and deal with members of the party alleged to have behaved improperly.
Mantashe said the ANC had confidence in new Finance Minister Malusi Gigaba, who would retain policies set under Gordhan.
Mantashe denied that Gordhan was fired solely because of an intelligence report that accused him and Jonas of plotting with banks in London to undermine the South African economy, saying it was not the only reason for Gordhan's removal.
Ramaphosa had accused Zuma of removing Gordhan on the basis of a "spurious" report and local media have also reported its existence.
"If the relationship has broken down ... you go for a divorce," Mantashe said.
(Writing by James Macharia; Editing by Janet Lawrence)
BRIEF-BB&T increases prime lending rate to 4.25 pct from 4.00 pct
* bb&t corp says it is increasing its prime lending rate to 4.25 percent from 4.00 percent, effective immediately Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Kaylee Muthart has been trying to rebuild her life ever since she gouged her eyes out with her hands while high on meth.
The 20-year-old was sent home from the hospital in March and has stayed off meth ever since her drug-induced rage on February 6 that scarred her for life.
On that fateful day she blinded herself outside her home in Anderson, South Carolina during a psychotic episode sparked by the powerful drug, according to the Daily Mail.
Muthart will undergo a three-week rehabilitation course with the South Carolina Commission of the Blind in hopes of improving her orientation and mobility. Photo / Facebook
But she has somehow managed to stay positive and is making the best of her new circumstances.
Advertisement
"I actually feel like a person. I feel like myself, and I don't feel like I'm chasing something," she told People.
"It, actually, feels really nice. The way it worked out is the way God had it work out, that's just the way it is… but I'd rather for it to have happened than to still be stuck in that world."
Muthart underwent emergency surgery to clean out her orbital sockets and spent weeks in Greenville Memorial Hospital before going to a psychiatric facility.
Kaylee says despite learning to traverse her world without sight she says: 'I'd rather be blind and be myself than be Kaylee on drugs'.
She recently underwent mobility and orientation training to help readjust to life but was honest that all the positive thinking does yield to dark moments of sadness and frustration.
"I'm a very optimistic person, and I went in with an optimistic outlook — but at some points, you're going to fall down," she asserted. "That's just life."
She now uses audio descriptors to watch shows on Netflix. Muthart has also spent time practicing the piano and guitar, learning how to play songs Clocks and The Scientist from Coldplay.
Muthart has spent time practicing the piano and guitar, learning how to play songs 'Clocks' and 'The Scientist' from Coldplay. Photo / Instagram
But she does sleep most of the day away, waking in the late afternoon.
"My dreams are colorful, and it's like being able to see again," she said. "They can be strange, and switch scenes really quickly. But it's comforting because it's colourful. I like sleeping a lot because it's like I can see."
Muthart shared that most have been sympathetic when encountering her and have shared their own stories with battling drug addiction with the woman.
She said: "People that are actually on drugs will understand that drugs are capable of doing the things that they did to me. Sharing my story might make them realize that, or it might encourage them to stop."
Kaylee Muthart, 20, pulled out her eyes on February 6 in a meth-induced psychotic trip outside of a church in her hometown Anderson, South Carolina.
Muthart will undergo a three-week rehabilitation course with the South Carolina Commission of the Blind in hopes of improving her orientation and mobility.
She is then slated to have her first of two surgeries on July 3rd that will work to prepare her orbital cavities to receive prosthetic eyes.
Her family launched a GoFundMe to help offset the financial burden of some of the cost, raking in more than $50k of the $75k goal.
Her family launched a GoFundMe to help offset the financial burden of some of the cost, raking in more than $50k of the $75k goal. Photo / Facebook
Muthart's Supplemental Security Income was denied so the family must wait until her Social Security benefits start in September.
She hopes to eventually go to college, however, and study marine biology.
At least 11 people filed physical injury and verbal abuse complaints against Rep. Rolando Andaya Jr. of Camarines Sur (CamSur) in connection with his outburst in the police station last week over a dispute on the Naga airport construction.
The complaints, belonging to CamSur's Sagip Kalikasan Task Force (SKTF), said they had to contend with a knife-wielding Andaya on top of roughhousing from his bodyguards while they were doing clearing operations last week for the expansion of the P402-million Naga Airport Development Project in Barangay San Agustin in Pili town.
The complainants include Lito Sumpay, Ryan Herrera, Saetiel Pielago, Angelo Refran, Anna and Marie Macarubbo, among others, who previously worked for the provincial government under then Gov. Luis Raymund Villafuerte.
Macarubbo said she suffered physical injuries after one of Andaya's bodyguards shoved her almost to the ground while Andaya was shouting and hurling invectives at her fellow SKTF volunteers. Macarubbo also accused Andaya of choking her with her ID lanyard.
“The other SKTF members who caught Andaya's eye were either punched, shoved, cursed and threatened with harm and their cellphones and other personal belongings seized by the congressman and his armed bodyguards,” the group said in a statement.
The complainants also want to take Andaya to task over his outburst at Pili police station where the SKTF sought refuge and Andaya also had a heated exchange with Villafuerte.
Andaya's outburst, including challenging Villafuerte and other SKTF members, was filmed and made the rounds of social media.
Andaya, in an earlier television interview with GMA 7, argued that he was just coming to the aid of CamSur residents whose land will be affected by the Naga airport project.
“Sadly, the video was spliced. It did not show that he (Villafuerte) was the one who was daring me to a fight,” Andaya said.
“By putting sand on these farm lots, what would be the source of income of those affected families?” Andaya said.
Journalists attend the presentation of the Huawei's new smartphone in Paris, May 7, 2014. REUTERS/Philippe Wojazer/File Photo
HONG KONG Chinese telecom equipment and smartphone maker Huawei Technologies Co Ltd [HWT.UL] said on Friday it is targeting a net profit margin of 7 percent going forward, adding that its carrier business growth rate will slow in 2017.
Huawei Chief Executive Eric Xu was speaking on Friday after the company said that net profit edged up just 0.4 percent last year, its slowest annual growth since 2011.
(Reporting by Sijia Jiang; Editing by Anne Marie Roantree)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
March 30 China Minsheng Banking Corp Ltd :
* Proposed Public Issuance Of A Share Convertible Bonds
* Total amount of proposed convertible bonds will not exceed rmb50 billion
* Board considered and approved,, resolution on public issuance and listing of a share convertible bonds by company.
* Proceeds will be used to replenish core tier-one capital of company
* Term of convertible bonds will be six years from date of issuance
Source text (bit.ly/2ocy9kc)
Further company coverage:
WeWork CEO says revenue runs at $1 bln a year, no IPO details yet
NEW YORK, June 14 The chief executive of WeWork Cos Inc said on Wednesday the coworking space startup he co-founded is now generating $1 billion a year in revenue at current rates and will launch an initial public offering, but did not say where or when.
A daylong CTRL ALT-RIGHT DELETE Conference in Washington, D.C. on June 28
Contact
Kitty Kurth
***@kurthlampe.com Kitty Kurth
End
-- HOPE not hate is the UK's largest anti-racist organisation and premier anti-fascist campaign, and now they are coming to the US to help stop hate here.On JUNE 28, 2018, from 9AM-4:30PM HOPE not hate will host a day-long conference in Washington, DC to discuss how the far right is radicalizing American politics.This conference will bring together activists, researchers, and politicians to share learnings, strategize and plan the fightback against hate in the era of Trump.For jounalists wishing to cover the conference, please email kitty@kurthlampe.comHOPE not hate is the UK's largest anti-racist organisation and premier anti-fascist campaign. They have been instrumental in the political defeat of several far-fight political parties over in the UK, in the banning of a dangerous neo-nazi movement by the British government, and recently led the campaign to prevent UK Independence Party (UKIP) leader, Nigel Farage – a close friend of Donald Trump and prominent Fox News contributor – from being elected to the British parliament. More recently, they helped defeat a pan-European attempt by far-right activists to harass humanitarian rescue ships in the Mediterranean.HOPE not hate also works at a community level, where they have pioneered techniques to engage divided neighborhoods, developing shared identities and using Socratic questioning and empathetic listening to bridge divides. And now they are coming to the US.Website: https://hopenothate.com Twitter: https://twitter.com/hopenothate_USAFacebook:https://www.facebook.com/hopenothateus
BRIEF-Greenland Hong Kong says You Defeng tendered resignation as CFO
* You Defeng has tendered his resignation as an executive director and chief financial officer Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
A Chinese flag is seen near a construction site in Beijing's central business area, China, January 17, 2017. REUTERS/Jason Lee
BEIJING China's economic growth is expected to slow to 6.5 percent in 2017, as the government seeks to cool the property sector and temper credit growth to contain risks from a dangerous build-up of debt, a Reuters poll showed.
Growth is then expected to weaken further to 6.2 percent in 2018, the Reuters poll of over 75 economists showed, extending a slowing trajectory for the world's second-biggest economy, which grew 6.7 percent in 2016, for its worst performance in 26 years.
The polling was conducted April 10 to 19. More than 70 forecasts were collected before the release of first-quarter gross domestic product data on April 17.
The forecasts for this year and in 2018 were unchanged from a January poll, underscoring the drag on the economy from property controls and tighter credit to contain risks from a dangerous build-up of debt.
China's economy is expected to grow 6.7 percent in the second quarter from a year earlier, 6.6 percent in the third and 6.5 percent in fourth quarter, the poll showed.
The government is targeting annual growth of around 6.5 percent this year.
Data released on Monday showed GDP grew 6.9 percent in the first quarter, faster than the 6.8 percent expected, boosted by higher government infrastructure spending and a gravity-defying property boom which helped boost industrial output by the most in over two years.
But as Beijing looks to put the economy on a more balanced and sustainable footing, growth is seen losing steam later this year on the back of more property cooling measures and central bank steps to raise funding costs to defuse bubble risks.
The International Monetary Fund on Tuesday raised its forecasts for China's 2017 growth to 6.6 percent from the previous 6.5 percent and raised 2018 growth to 6.2 percent from 6.0 percent, but warned of potential disruptions in the medium term unless the country reduces its reliance on rapid credit growth.
China's debt-to-GDP ratio rose to 277 percent at the end of 2016 from 254 percent the previous year, with an increasing share of new credit being used to pay debt servicing costs, according to an estimate from UBS.
Analysts also expect annual inflation to average 2.1 percent in 2017 and 2.3 percent in 2018, up from 2 percent in 2016. Sluggish demand is expected to keep consumer prices largely in check despite a big bump in producer prices.
TIGHTENING BIAS
Stronger global demand and China's bid to keep the economy on an even keel could support growth ahead of a major leadership transition later this year.
The People's Bank of China (PBOC) is trying to put the brakes on flush credit by guiding short-term interest rates higher, but it's expected to keep benchmark interest rates steady and may even loosen credit conditions if growth falters.
Higher domestic borrowing costs could also support the yuan CNY=CFXS, especially if U.S. interest rates continue to rise, which could risk a resurgence in capital outflows from China.
The yuan has stabilized this year, due to curbs on capital outflows and a reversal of the dollar rally, following a fall of 6.5 percent in 2016. Currency strategists polled by Reuters earlier this month predicted it would weaken to 7.05 in six months and fall further to 7.10 in a year.
Analysts believe the PBOC will keep benchmark lending rates unchanged at 4.35 percent through at least the third quarter of 2018, the Reuters poll showed.
They have pushed back their expectations on a cut in the amount of cash that banks are required hold as reserves, or the reserve requirement ratio (RRR).
The central bank is expected to cut the RRR by 50 basis points (bps) in the fourth quarter this year to 16.5 percent, according to the poll.
The January poll had predicted a 50 bps cut in RRR in the third quarter of this year.
Fan Gang, an adviser to China's central bank, has said that cuts in the RRR would be normal given sharp drops in its foreign exchange reserves.
(Polling by Shaloo Shrivastava and Khushboo Mittal in Bangalore, Jing Wang in Shanghai; Editing by Shri Navaratnam and Sam Holmes)
Actress and activist Cynthia Nixon officially announced on Monday that she's running to become the next governor of New York, challenging incumbent Andrew Cuomo in the Democratic Primary The news came accompanied by a well-produced ad in which Nixon melds an appeal to progressive values with the kind of appeal to past glories (accompanied by stock footage of economically ravaged communities) that is usually the exclusive province of conservatives:
New York is where I was raised and where I'm raising my kids. I'm a proud public school graduate and a prouder public school parent. I was given chances I just don't see for most of New York's kids today. Our leaders are letting us down. We are now the most unequal state in the entire country, with both incredible wealth and extreme poverty. Half the kids in our upstate cities live below the poverty line. How did we let this happen? … We want our government to work again: on health care, ending mass incarceration, fixing our broken subway.
It's a little jarring to see elements of Trumpian doom and gloom—the government has abandoned us, things were better back in the day—in an ad for a left-winger, but it's also a powerful and simple message: things suck but they could be better. As any New York City subway rider will attest, the government is doing a worse job providing basic services than they used to, and drawing a line from that to the outsized power and influence of the extremely wealthy is smart. And in the age of Betsy DeVos, a simple affirmation that public schools are worth saving and improving—and sending your own children to—counts as radical.
Nixon and Cuomo will face off in the Democratic Primary on Sept. 13; the general election will take place less than a month later. Late night hosts aren't wasting any time: Conan O'Brien cut an attack ad for Andrew Cuomo before Nixon even officially announced:
Expect a lot more Sex and the City clips in your political future!
JOHANNESBURG, March 29 The top six of South Africa's ruling African National Congress (ANC) are divided down the middle on whether to remove Finance Minister Pravin Gordhan, two sources told Reuters.
President Jacob Zuma, who is part of the top six wants to replace Gordhan and has the support of Chairwoman Baleka Mbete and Deputy Secretary-General Jessie Duarte, the sources said.
Deputy President Cyril Ramaphosa, Secretary-General Gwede Mantashe and Treasurer-General Zweli Mkhize want Gordhan to remain and have expressed their opinion to Zuma, the sources said.
Zuma does not need the support of the top six to hire and fire ministers but should top ANC members openly criticise his decision it would likely weaken his position in the party. (Reporting by Joe Brock; Editing by James Macharia)
STOCKHOLM, April 28 Swedish central bank said on Friday it opposed a government proposal to reduce the foreign exchange reserve because it might not have sufficient buffers to deal with a future financial crisis.
"Sweden has a large and expanding cross-border banking sector with major commitments and funding in foreign currency," the central bank said in a statement.
"This poses significant risks to financial stability and ultimately to the national economy", the bank said in a statement.
In mid-March, the Swedish minority government said Riksbank's currency reserve will be limited to 200 billion crowns, below the current level of around 457 billion, although it will have the ability to borrow up to 50 billion crowns more if it sees the need. (Reporting by Johan Sennero; Editing by Simon Johnson)
March 29 Cheoum & C Co Ltd :
* Says it will sell 9,000 shares of common stock from March 29 to March 30
* Says offering price is 4,017 won/share, 36.2 million won in total
Source text in Korean: goo.gl/vkIxGM
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
District health boards are gearing up for the possibility of nurses striking across the country as they await the outcome of a vote on the latest pay offer.
Voting closes on Friday on whether to accept a revised collective agreement between nurses and DHBs. The deal includes an annual 2 per cent pay rise for around 27,000 nurses, hospital aides and core midwives, as well as a $1050 lump sum.
Hundreds of nurses have made their views known on social media, saying the offer does not go far enough and they are prepared to strike over intolerable working conditions, short staffing and poor pay.
A spokesman for the country's 20 DHBs said they were still hopeful that nurses would vote yes, but were "concerned" at reports nurses were ready to strike. It was "prudent" to prepare for a "no" vote, he said.
Advertisement
Planning began on Monday for DHB representatives to meet next week to discuss a national contingency plan in the event the latest offer is rejected.
The plan would cover how DHBs could continue to cover life-preserving services if nurses walked off the job or took less drastic industrial action, he said.
"If [the pay offer] is rejected we'd love to meet with the union to find out what we can do avoid industrial action."
The nurses' union was also hopeful the spectre of hospitals "emptying out", as in past regional strikes, would convince employers to act.
In the 1990s and early 2000s industrial action was taken at individual DHBs including Canterbury and Waikato as nurses from those areas called for better regional collective agreements.
Some strikes saw all elective surgeries and outpatient clinics cancelled, and non-member nurses coming in to cover for unionised colleagues, the NZ Nurses Organisation's industrial services manager Cee Payne said.
Nurses and health workers march from Christchurch Hospital to Cathedral Square during a strike in 2002. Photo / File
"The hospitals pretty much emptied out to all except those who were critically unwell," Payne said. "
"I don't know what that would mean in this context. Everybody's a lot sicker and unwell than 15 years ago when those strikes happened. It may not be possible now - everybody in hospital is critically ill."
Payne said nurses had not, in her memory, gone on national strike before. "It would be fairly significant."
By law, DHBs must ensure that patients' lives are not at risk and disabilities are prevented during industrial action. In the past hospitals have hired private healthcare workers and kept skeleton crews on during strikes.
"Nurses do find it a challenging ethical decision ... to walk away from patients," Payne said.
"I would seriously hope that the employers and the Government do support our members in their claims and step into the space before that would ever have to happen."
Cee Payne, industrial services manager at the NZ Nurses Organisation, says national industrial action would be "a massive feat". Photo / Supplied
While voting is still open Payne could not comment on whether she felt the latest pay offer was fair, "because at the end of the day that has to be the democratic decision of the members."
But Payne felt strongly about the conditions nurses faced in hospital.
"They are suffering from increased workloads, they feel hospitals are unsafe, they're feeling stressed, fatigued, their job satisfaction is down - all of that is impacting on ultimately them feeling undervalued.
"We're standing right beside them and listening but we can't campaign at this point in time."
Vote counts would not be publicised until Monday, she said.
If the offer was rejected, the NZNO would start discussing a ballot for industrial action. Union delegates would make recommendations on the contents, including time, place and duration of any proposed strikes.
"For example, if we wanted a series of one-day strikes, we would put those dates in the ballot paper and members would vote on that."
The NZNO would have to give 14 days' notice before commencing industrial action.
The latest pay offer:
• Annual pay rise at 2 per cent, as in previous rejected offer. New graduates would be paid $51,447, up from $49,449; step 5 nurses would move from $66,755 to $69,452
• Senior nurses and midwives get extra 4 per cent from November last year and 2 per cent from August 2018, as previous offer
• Reduce proposed agreement to two years
• Increase lump sum payment from $350 to $1050
• Tighter safe staffing requirements
• Start pay equity process as soon as possible, with any settlement applying from July 1 2019
Program coordinator David Phillippi (L) and Executive Director Myrian Nadri with 'Parents For Peace', a support group founded by parents whose children were involved in extremist violence and which is starting a telephone helpline for people who fear their loved ones are being recruited into extremist organizations, speak to Reuters in Brookline, Massachusetts, U.S., March 23, 2017. REUTERS/Brian Snyder
FILE PHOTO: Melvin Bledsoe, father of confessed soldier-killer and self-proclaimed terrorist Abdulhakim Muhammad, finishes his statement about the radicalization of his son during a hearing held by the House Homeland Security Committee on 'The Extent of Radicalization in the American Muslim Community and that Community's Response' on Capitol Hill in Washington March 10, 2011. REUTERS/Kevin Lamarque/File Photo
The board reads 'Extremism Can Impact Any American Family' at 'Parents For Peace', a support group founded by parents whose children were involved in extremist violence and which is starting a telephone helpline for people who fear their loved ones are being recruited into extremist organizations, in Brookline, Massachusetts, U.S., March 23, 2017. REUTERS/Brian Snyder
Executive Director Myrian Nadri with 'Parents For Peace', a support group founded by parents whose children were involved in extremist violence and which is starting a telephone helpline for people who fear their loved ones are being recruited into extremist organizations, speaks to Reuters in Brookline, Massachusetts, U.S., March 23, 2017. REUTERS/Brian Snyder
BOSTON Melvin Bledsoe felt helpless as he watched his son transform - becoming distant, converting to Islam and changing his name from Carlos Bledsoe to Abdulhakim Mujahid Muhammad.
The Baptist father of two wishes there was someone who could have offered him guidance before the 22-year-old attacked a U.S. Army recruiting centre in Little Rock, Arkansas, killing a soldier and wounding another in 2009.
"I didn't have any help. I didn't have no one to turn to, no one to lean on but my other family members," Bledsoe, 61, who runs a tour company in his native Memphis, Tennessee, recalled in a recent phone interview.
Bledsoe, hoping to give parents in similar situations and fearful of calling the police more options than he had, founded the nonprofit Parents for Peace and launched what it bills as the first citizen-run U.S. telephone help line to counter the ideologies that lead to violent extremism.
The help line, which quietly began tests of operations in December but only now is making itself known widely, is aimed at filling a void in the United States and perhaps avert violence by offering parents and others a way to better communicate with loved ones flirting with extremism, according to people who study it.
"It could be a powerful thing. People don't have anywhere to go if they have a concern about their kids and they don't want to go to law enforcement," said Heidi Beirich, director of the Intelligence Project at the Montgomery, Alabama-based Southern Poverty Law Center, which tracks hate groups.
Another group, called Life After Hate and based in Chicago, offers assistance to people personally involved in white supremacist organizations who are looking to break away. And some Muslim leaders across the country offer counselling to those tempted to turn to violence.
The Parents for Peace help line - +1-844-49-PEACE (+1-844-487-3223) - models itself on suicide help lines and other groups addressing such issues, and is open not only to those dealing with militant Islamist ideologies but also white supremacist and other radicalisations.
The United States has seen dozens of extremist attacks since the Little Rock incident, from the 2013 Boston Marathon bombing and the 2016 Orlando nightclub massacre carried out by militant Islamists, to the 2015 mass shooting at a historically black Charleston, South Carolina, church by a white man who wanted to start a race war.
DIFFERENT BELIEFS, SIMILAR PATHS
Although very different ideologies motivated the attackers, many followed similar paths to violence, immersing themselves in angry online communities.
"Former neo-Nazis and former jihadists report similar things," said Myriam Nadri, a therapist of French-Moroccan heritage with an office in Boston who is the group's executive director. "They talk about experiences with humiliation, they talk about extreme rage and anger."
Calls to the help line are answered by two staffers, who work out of a tiny office in Boston. They begin calls by taking time to hear out callers' concerns.
The counsellors then advise callers on techniques to persuade their loved ones to open up about their activities, in order to counter the secrecy that militant and criminal groups usually urge on their members.
So far, the line has received just a couple of calls, but Nadri said she expects the volume to pick up as the group does more to publicize its existence.
In some cases, callers may be put in contact with Bledsoe or other members of his group who have lost loved ones to extremism. Bledsoe's son survived his attack and is serving a life sentence, while other members of Parents for Peace have seen relatives killed.
Their number includes Carole Mansfield of Burton, Michigan, whose granddaughter, Nicole, travelled to Syria to join its civil war and died in the fighting in 2013.
"I'm battling cancer and I just hope and pray that I can live long enough to help at least one family save their loved one," Mansfield said in a recent phone interview. "That's the mission that I have in my life."
The help line makes clear that callers who fear an attack is imminent should call authorities. The group otherwise has avoided working directly with law enforcement, and has not sought any funding from the U.S. government's "countering violent extremism" programme.
That Justice Department programme, established during Democratic President Barack Obama's administration, aimed to address the factors that drive some to violence by providing grants and other resources to community groups to develop prevention efforts.
Obama's successor, Republican President Donald Trump, now wants the programme to focus solely on Islamist militancy, rather than also addressing white supremacist groups. That move has drawn criticism from Democrats in Congress.
The proposed policy shift makes Parents for Peace's neutrality all the more important, Bledsoe said.
"It should be about any extremist," he said. "Parents for Peace is willing to talk to anyone who feels there is a threat."
(Reporting by Scott Malone; Editing by Jonathan Oatis)
Dec 10 (Reuters) - Verastem Inc:
* ‍VERASTEM ANNOUNCES CLINICAL DATA FROM PIVOTAL PHASE 3 DUO™ STUDY​
* ‍DUO STUDY ACHIEVES PRIMARY ENDPOINT, DEMONSTRATING STATISTICALLY SIGNIFICANT IMPROVEMENT IN PFS FOR DUVELISIB VERSUS OFATUMUMAB​
* ‍PLANS TO SUBMIT A NDA TO U.S. FDA REQUESTING FULL APPROVAL OF DUVELISIB​
* ‍PLANS TO SUBMIT ACCELERATED APPROVAL OF DUVELISIB FOR TREATMENT OF PATIENTS WITH RELAPSED OR REFRACTORY FL ​
* ‍EXPECTS TO SUBMIT DUVELISIB NDA DURING Q1 OF 2018​ Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
FILE PHOTO: An advertisement is played on a set of large screens at the Microsoft Office in Cambridge, Massachusetts, U.S., on January 25, 2017. REUTERS/Brian Snyder/File Photo
Microsoft Corp slightly missed Wall Street's average revenue estimate for the latest quarter on Thursday, as sales of its Surface tablets and laptops slumped in the face of revamped competition in the personal computer market.
Shares of the world's largest software company fell 0.6 percent to $67.85 in trading after the bell.
Under Chief Executive Satya Nadella, who took the helm in 2014, Microsoft has sharpened its focus on the fast-growing cloud computing unit to counter a prolonged slowdown in the PC market, which has weighed on demand for its Windows software.
That transition remained on track, with cloud margins improving and the company's annual commercial cloud revenue run rate - a bespoke metric closely watched by analysts - reaching $15.2 billion, a 50 percent year-on-year improvement. It marks good progress toward its goal of pushing the figure to $20 billion by 2020.
Nadella said Microsoft reached 100 million monthly active users for Office 365 commercial, the firm's flagship cloud productivity software, the first time Microsoft has given such a figure.
For the fiscal third quarter, ended March 31, overall revenue on an adjusted basis climbed 6 percent to $23.56 billion, but missed analysts' average estimate of $23.62 billion.
Revenue from Microsoft's personal computing unit, its largest by revenue, fell 7.4 percent to $8.84 billion. Analysts on average had expected revenue of $9.22 billion, according to research firm FactSet StreetAccount.
The business includes Windows software, Xbox gaming consoles, online search advertising and Surface devices.
Surface revenue plunged 26 percent to $831 million, down from $1.3 billion in the year-ago quarter.
Popular high-end computers from other makers, along with the fact that many Surface products have been on the market for many months, hurt Surface sales, said Zack Moxcey, an investor relations director for Microsoft.
The lower-than-expected revenue in the personal computing division came amid an uptick in the broader PC market.
Worldwide PC shipments rose 0.6 percent in the first quarter of 2017, seeing growth for the first time in five years, market research firm IDC said earlier this month.
Microsoft's Windows OEM revenue, a measure of the company's license revenue from computer makers such as Dell Technologies and HP Inc, rose 5 percent. Dell, in particular, reported strong increases in computer sales driven by high-end laptops.
CLOUD SOARS
Revenue from the unit that Microsoft calls "Intelligent Cloud," which includes server products and the company's flagship cloud computing platform, Azure, jumped about 11 percent to $6.76 billion in the quarter.
Azure revenue soared 93 percent in the quarter. The service competes with Amazon.com Inc's Amazon Web Services, the market leader in cloud infrastructure, as well as offerings from Alphabet Inc's Google, IBM and Oracle Corp.
Microsoft's commercial cloud gross profit margin reached 51 percent, up from 48 percent the previous quarter. Microsoft has been emphasizing higher-margin premium products such as databases and recently started building its own servers rather than relying on Hewlett Packard Enterprise Co , driving the cloud margins higher, analysts said.
Microsoft also, for the first time, reported a revenue growth rate for Dynamics 365, its competitor to Salesforce.com Inc's online sales software. Revenue grew 82 percent in constant currency, though the firm did not give an absolute dollar total.
"They are focused on taking the user data on LinkedIn and integrating it in a way that it conforms to privacy concerns and user concerns and makes their (sales software) systems highly competitive to what Salesforce offers," said Shannon Cross, an analyst with Cross Research.
Microsoft said LinkedIn, which it bought for about $26 billion, contributed $975 million in revenue in the quarter, $25 million more than analysts had expected.
The company's net income rose to $4.80 billion, or 61 cents per share, in the quarter, from $3.76 billion, or 47 cents per share, a year earlier.
Excluding one-time items, Microsoft earned 73 cents per share. Analysts on average had expected 70 cents per share, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S (bit.ly/2oQAzSJ)
Microsoft's shares had risen 9.9 percent this year through Thursday, eclipsing the 7 percent gain in the broader S&P 500.
(Reporting by Pushkala A and Aishwarya Venugopal in Bengaluru; Editing by Sai Sachin Ravikumar and Bill Rigby)
UPDATE 4-GE merges power units as exec who lost out on GE CEO job retires
SEATTLE, June 14 General Electric Co said on Wednesday it will combine its power and energy distribution businesses to create its largest unit by revenue as the top executive at GE Power announced his retirement after failing to win the conglomerate's CEO job.
Soccer-De Biasi quits as Albania coach, says his cycle over
TIRANA, June 14 Albania coach Gianni De Biasi resigned on Wednesday after six years in charge during which he led them to Euro 2016, their first and only appearance at a major tournament.
Senate may keep some Obamacare taxes in U.S. healthcare overhaul
Washington, June 15 Republican senators trying to repeal Obamacare are forming consensus to keep some of the U.S. healthcare law's taxes they long criticized, in hopes of delaying more drastic funding cuts, particularly to the Medicaid program for the poor and disabled.
BRIEF-NARI Technology says dividend payment date on June 22
* Says it will pay cash dividend of 0.3 yuan per share (before tax) for FY 2016 to shareholders of record on June 21
Procurement Software Market, By Deployment (On-Premise, On Cloud), By Software (Spend Analysis, E-sourcing, E-procurement), By Vertical (IT & Telecommunication, Travel & Logistics) – Forecast 2023
Market Scenario:
Procurement software is defined as a software program that enables organization to carry out their purchase process automatically and manage inventory of goods.
Increasing demand for automatic purchase process is one of the major driving factor that supports in the growth of procurement management market. The automation in purchase process replaces the traditional, manual maintenance of records. The function carried out by procurement software includes ordering and purchasing products or services, selecting, electronic handling of payments, providing procurement department with detail report of product ordered, details analysis of each product ordered and approving correct orders, matching and receiving invoice and order. There are much procurement software in the market, out of which e-procurement software is boosting the market. The study indicates that medium and small sized enterprises are having high implementation of procurement software and most of the enterprises use cloud based procurement software.
E-procurement software can be operated in both on-premise and cloud based. This software enables organization in replacing difficulties cause by adopting traditional procurement process. Problems such as finding right category of products, suitable supplier for enhancing the business, unable to find the amount spent on purchase, much amount of time is spent on non-value adding activities. In addition, the study also indicates that e-procurement software minimizes all these difficulties face by organization, by providing accurate solution. It comprises of features such as, catalog management, end-to-end procurement cycle, requisition and approvals, electronic data interchange and maintaining relationship with suppliers in terms of development regarding contract and agreement. Furthermore, the cloud based technology such as software as a service (SaaS ) and platform as a service (PaaS) will continue to boost the market , and represent a double digit compound annual growth rate. Moreover, by the usage of these software various industries are being benefitted, especially the one into supply chain and logistics support.
Procurement Software Market segmentation is done on the basis of deployment these include cloud based and on-premise. Cloud based procurement software enable organization by controlling cost and help them in achieving higher margin of profitability. It facilitates modernize source to pay process through automation and social collaboration. Organization can strengthen their business by leveraging social collaboration and achieve faster results by deploying cloud based procurement software. It can control the cost and reduce risk in settling procurement process. The market of Global Procurement Software will reach USD 9 Billion by 2023, and is expected to grow at a CAGR of 10%.
Study Objectives of Procurement Software Market:
• To provide detailed analysis of the market structure along with forecast of the various segments and sub-segments of the procurement software market.
• To provide insights about factors affecting the market growth.
• To analyze the procurement software market based porter's five force analysis etc.
• To provide historical and forecast revenue of the market segments and sub-segments with respect to four main geographies and their countries- North America, Europe, Asia, and Rest of the World (ROW).
• To provide country level analysis of the market with respect to the current market size and future prospective.
• To provide country level analysis of the market for segment on the basis of deployment, type, organization type and vertical.
• To provide strategic profiling of key players in the market, comprehensively analyzing their core competencies, and drawing a competitive landscape for the market.
• To track and analyze competitive developments such as joint ventures, strategic alliances, mergers and acquisitions, new product developments, and research and developments in the procurement software market.
Request a Sample Report @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/sample_request/3115
Key Players:
The prominent players in the procurement software market are –International Business Machines Corporation (U.S.), Oracle Corporation (U.S.), Proactis (U.K.), SAP SE (Germany), Infor (U.S.), Coupa Software Inc. (U.S.), Epicor Software Corporation (U.S.), Zycus (U.S.), JDA Software Group, Inc. (U.S.), Cvent Inc. (U.S.), Mercateo (U.K.) among others.
Segments:
Procurement Software Market for segment on the basis of By Deployment, By Type, By Organization Type and By Vertical.
Procurement Software Market by Deployment:
• On-Premise
• On-Cloud
Procurement Software Market by Type:
• Spend Analysis
• E-sourcing
• E-procurement
• Contract Management
• Supplier Management
• Others
Procurement Software Market by Organization Type:
• Small and Medium Size
• Large Business Enterprises
Procurement Software Market by Vertical:
• Retail
• Automotive
• Travel & Logistics
• Electronics
• IT & Telecommunication
• Mining
• Others
Regional Analysis:
The regional analysis of procurement software market is being studied for region such as Asia pacific, North America, Europe and Rest of the World. North America region accounts for largest share in procurement software market owing to better network infrastructure, technological advancement and higher digitization across industries in logistics and support. Europe region is one of the prominent player in procurement software market due to increase adoption of e-procurement solution in supply chain management. Whereas, Asia Pacific is expected to grow with the highest CAGR by 2023.
Intended Audience
• Investors and consultants
• System Integrators
• Government Organizations
• Research/Consultancy firms
• Technology solution providers
• IT Solution Providers
• Supply Chain & Logistics Organizations
• Original Equipment Manufacturers
About Market Research Future:
At Market Research Future (MRFR), we enable our customers to unravel the complexity of various industries through our Cooked Research Report (CRR), Half-Cooked Research Reports (HCRR), Raw Research Reports (3R), Continuous-Feed Research (CFR), and Market Research & Consulting Services.
MRFR team have supreme objective to provide the optimum quality market research and intelligence services to our clients. Our market research studies by Components, Application, Logistics and market players for global, regional, and country level market segments, enable our clients to see more, know more, and do more, which help to answer all their most important questions.
In order to stay updated with technology and work process of the industry, MRFR often plans & conducts meet with the industry experts and industrial visits for its research analyst members.
Contact:
Market Research Future
Office No. 524/528, Amanora Chambers
Magarpatta Road, Hadapsar
Pune – 411028
Maharashtra, India
+1 646 845 9312
Email: sales@marketresearchfuture.com
Reuters Sports Schedule at 0001 on Thursday, June 15
We will bring all the latest transfer news from around Europe as teams begin improving their squads for next season. (SOCCER-COUNTRY-TEAM/ expect throughout)
RANCHO MIRAGE, March 30 French veteran Karine Icher fired a five-under-par 67 to grab the early first-round lead on Thursday over an impressive chasing pack at the ANA Inspiration, the first women's major of the year.
Icher birdied three of the four par-threes in taking a one-shot lead over American Michelle Wie and South Koreans Ryu So-yeon, the world number three, Park Sung-Hyun and amateur Seong Eun-jeong on a calm morning in the California desert.
Another shot back, at three-under, were Korean Jenny Shin and long-hitting American Lexi Thompson as the early starters took advantage before high winds were expected to blow across the long layout to challenge the afternoon wave.
"I'm probably the player with the most top 10s without winning," said Icher, 38, who has five European Tour wins and 43 top 10s in the U.S. without a victory.
"I'm going to keep focused and keep my game on and try to sink some putts, and we'll see from there."
Wie, the 2014 U.S. Women's Open champion, birdied the par-three 17th to join the group on four-under that included the impressive 17-year-old Seong.
Seong rode a blistering start as she birdied the first two holes and reached four-under with a hole-in-one at the 182-yard par-three fifth, where she landed a perfect six-iron.
It was the second career ace for the young Korean, who won a junior event last year at Mission Hills.
"I have good memories of here," said Seong, who made the traditional ANA winner's leap into Poppie's Pond alongside the 18th green after her 2016 junior victory.
Last year, Seong became the first player to win the U.S. Women's Amateur and U.S. Junior titles in the same season.
Wie played alongside another notable amateur, 14-year-old American Lucy Li, who shot one-under 71 after qualifying by winning last week's ANA Junior Inspiration at Mission Hills.
"I was very impressed with her game and how she handled herself out there," said Wie, who played her first ANA Inspiration at age 13. "She was very calm and collected, and she played well."
Late starters battling the rising winds at Mission Hills included world number one and defending champion Lydia Ko of New Zealand, number two Ariya Jutanugarn of Thailand, last year's ANA runner-up, and world number four Chun In-gee of South Korea. (Editing by Clare Lovell)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Mar-a-Lago, President Trump's private club and winter White House in Palm Beach, Fla., is a casual place. And so, it seems, are any official records of those who visits him there.
There "is no system for keeping track of presidential visitors at Mar-a-Lago, as there is at the White House complex," Special Agent Kim Campbell said in a legal filing. She said the Secret Service conducted a lengthy search, only to find "there is no grouping, listing, or set of records that would reflect presidential visitors at Mar-a-Lago."
That's hard to believe, said Noah Bookbinder, executive director of Citizens for Responsibility and Ethics in Washington, a group suing for the records.
Minus any records of presidential visitors, Bookbinder said, "it suggests Mar-a-Lago members and their guests could have access without any sort of vetting or accountability."
The club doubled its membership initiation fee this year to $200,000.
Campbell said the latest search turned up a "few scattered pieces of Mar-a-Lago presidential visitor information found in paper or electronic documents."
Government lawyers filed her statement Wednesday in response to Freedom of Information lawsuit, filed by CREW, the National Security Archive and the Knight First Amendment Institute at Columbia University.
The lawsuit so far has produced just 22 names — Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe's traveling party on his official visit in February.
Then-President Barack Obama began routinely releasing White House visitor logs in 2009, after CREW sued. Obama set exceptions for national security or a "necessarily confidential nature," like meeting with nominees.
Trump stopped the White House disclosures. Administration lawyers argue that records on presidential visitors should be broadly exempt from the Freedom of Information Act.
In the Mar-a-Lago case, Bookbinder said, "It appears they're saying they found stuff but these things are not covered by FOIA."
CREW and the other plaintiffs plan to file their response in a few days.
The Vivendi logo is pictured at the main entrance of the entertainment-to-telecoms conglomerate headquarters in Paris, March 10, 2016. REUTERS/Charles Platiau
NEW YORK Vivendi SA (VIV.PA) said it agreed to pay $26.4 million to end nearly 15 years of U.S. litigation accusing the French media company of misleading shareholders about its finances in connection with a $46 billion three-way merger.
Thursday's accord resolved claims that Vivendi and officials including former Chief Executive Jean-Marie Messier made false or misleading statements that concealed liquidity problems after the 2000 combination of Vivendi, Seagram Co and Canal Plus.
A preliminary settlement was filed with the federal court in Manhattan, and requires approval by U.S. District Judge Paul Engelmayer.
It resolves claims by investors whose financial advisers bought Vivendi's American depositary shares on their behalf from Oct. 30, 2000 to Aug. 14, 2002, according to court papers.
The $26.4 million payment represents one-third of the maximum amount the investors might have won had litigation continued, the papers showed.
Vivendi said that including the payment, it will have paid $78 million to resolve the entire litigation, in which investors at one time had hoped to recover $9.3 billion.
A federal jury in Manhattan had in January 2010 found Vivendi liable for violating U.S. securities laws.
But a U.S. Supreme Court decision five months later in an unrelated case ultimately scuttled most claims by Vivendi investors, including over ordinary shares listed in Paris.
Vivendi said it will release a roughly 25 million euro ($26.6 million) reserve it had set aside for Thursday's accord.
The case is In re Vivendi Universal SA Securities Litigation, U.S. District Court, Southern District of New York, No. 02-05571.
(Reporting by Jonathan Stempel in New York; Editing by David Gregorio)
NRG Energy's GenOn unit files for bankruptcy
WILMINGTON, Del., June 14 NRG Energy Inc's GenOn business filed for bankruptcy on Wednesday with an agreement with bondholders to cut $1.75 billion of its debt and restructure the power generator as a standalone business, according to a securities filing.
Hong Kong stocks end at 3-week low as rates rise
June 15 Hong Kong stocks fell to a three-week low on Thursday, led by the property sector, as borrowing costs in the city looked set to rise after a U.S. interest rate hike.
March 31 (Reuters) -
* India cenbank says foreign investment limits in central government bonds, state development loans for April-June to be increased by 110 billion rupees ($1.7 billion) and 60 billion rupees, respectively
* Revised total foreign investment limits on central govt bonds at 2.31 trillion rupees for April-June
* Revised foreign investment limits on state govt bonds at 270 billion rupees
* Total foreign investment limit in central and state govt bonds stand at 2.58 trillion rupees
* New limits effective April 1 ($1 = 64.8500 Indian rupees) (Reporting by Suvashree Choudhury)
April 13 Zoetis Inc
* Zoetis to acquire Nexvet Biopharma, an innovator in monoclonal antibody therapies for companion animals
* Deal for purchase price of US$6.72 per share
* Deal for approximately US$85 million in aggregate
* Board of directors of Nexvet has unanimously approved acquisition
* Under terms of proposed acquisition, Nexvet shareholders will receive us$6.72 in cash per ordinary share
* Cash consideration payable by Zoetis under terms of proposed acquisition will be funded by cash on hand Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
TOKYO Investigators pored over a Japanese mountain on Tuesday after a massive avalanche tore through a group of high school students and teachers, killing eight, amid questions about why avalanche warnings were ignored and whether they had proper equipment.
The avalanche in central Japan on Monday, which struck along some 50 metres (150 ft) of a steep slope just above a ski area, killed seven students and an instructor who were part of a 48-person group taking part in winter climbing training.
Thirty-eight people were injured, two of them critically.
Survivors told Japanese media they were training in a wooded area in Nasu, a town in Tochigi prefecture 160 km (100 miles) north of Tokyo, when suddenly there were shouts of "Avalanche, get out of here!" and voices yelling to take cover.
"A second later the snow was there and I was buried up to my chest," said one 16-year-old student. "My face was free, so I managed to get myself out. It was scary."
The students who died, all aged 16 and 17, were from a local high school known for its prowess in competitive mountain climbing and were at the front of the group when the avalanche struck on the final day of a three-day training camp. An avalanche warning was in place at the time.
The father of Kosuke Sato, 16, one of those who died, displayed the torn windbreaker his son had worn.
"I still can't believe it," he told TBS television, choking back tears.
The group changed their original plan to climb a nearby mountain due to heavy snow and strong winds, switching instead to practicing walking in deep snow on a steep slope, media said.
"Spring is much more dangerous in terms of avalanches than winter," mountaineer Ken Noguchi, himself the survivor of several avalanches, said on TV Asahi.
Others blamed temperature fluctuations and deep, fresh snowfall on top of older snow.
"After that heavy a snow fall, of course it was highly likely you'd get caught in an avalanche if you went out," rescuer Itsuro Watabe told TBS.
A Tochigi prefectural police spokesman said investigations, which included the use of drones, were focused on whether or not there had been errors of judgment, in particular by the Tochigi High School Athletics Federation, which sponsored the training.
He declined to give further details but said investigators were also looking into whether the students had proper safety equipment, including beacons that can help locate those swept up in avalanches.
Atsuhito Masuguchi, head of the Tochigi High School Athletics Federation, said the training had been held for decades.
"It's conducted by our mountain specialists, and we relied on their judgment of conditions and actually carrying out the training. They're the experts," he added.
"We've done this for over 50 years. This was the first accident."
(Reporting by Elaine Lies; Editing by Michael Perry)
THE willingness of President Rodrigo Duterte to deploy Filipino troops to the Middle East may raise many questions but it is reasonable because of the huge number of Filipinos working there, a political analyst said Monday.
Professor Ramon Casiple, executive director of the Institute for Political and Electoral Reform, however said that the Philippines should sign defense agreements with Middle East countries before Filipino troops can be sent there.
Forging defense agreements can benefit the Philippines because “we can gain a lot in so far as exchanges of ideas and intelligence involving terrorism,” he added.
Without an official defense agreement, Manila can only deploy troops as part of a contingent send by the United Nations.
“It will fall under our international commitment, but if the President wants to do it bilaterally there is a need to have a treaty first,” he explained.
The President earlier said that he would be willing to deploy Filipino soldiers if Bahrainis attacked by terrorists.
“I stressed the point that should the need arises, we will be there to help them,” Duterte said when he arrived home from his three-country swing in the Middle East.
“The intention of the President is good because he is concerned with the welfare and safety of the Filipino workers there,” Casiple said.
He added that the sending of Philippines troops to the Middle East should not fuel fears of terrorist attacks because the country is already a target of the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria (ISIS).
But national security adviser Hermogenes Esperon Jr. clarified that the deployment of Philippine troops in the Middle East would be for training, not for military operations.
He noted that military assistance can also be in the form of exchanges of intelligence information.
FRANKFURT European Central Bank staff representatives are appealing against the appointment of a new policy adviser for President Mario Draghi, alleging that the ECB's board broke its own rules by handpicking Roland Straub for his new role.
The appeal alleges that the "perception of favouritism" at the powerful institution, which is in charge of supervising banks and controlling monetary policy in the euro zone, risked demoralising staff and fuelling euro-scepticism among the public.
Successful appeals lodged in recent months have led to five ECB appointments being annulled, including that of the bank official in charge of relations with other European institutions in Brussels.
"This appeal is triggered by the desire to stand against the malfunctioning affecting ECB's appointment process, resulting into widespread perception of favouritism and complaints of lack of transparency and unsound rules," appellant Carlos Bowles said in his appeal, filed in March and seen by Reuters.
The issue concerns the method of employment. Straub's qualifications are not in question.
An ECB spokesperson said: "The direct appointment of the counsellor to the president of the ECB was made in compliance with the ECB rules on selection and appointment and is consistent with previous appointments to this position."
Straub did not immediately reply to Reuters' requests for comment.
The ECB has two months to reply to the appeal, after which the appellants can bring the case to the European Court of Justice.
Straub was appointed as Draghi's counsellor and coordinator of the Counsel to the Executive Board in February. The position is scheduled to end with Draghi's mandate in late 2019.
In his role he advises Draghi and coordinates the work of the counsels of the five other members of ECB's board, which runs the organisation and makes policy proposals.
The position was not advertised and Straub was chosen via direct appointment by the Executive Board, rather than after a recruitment process open to other candidates and held by a hiring committee.
Advisers to top European officials are often chosen this way.
However, appellant Carlos Bowles said in his appeal ECB rules did not allow for Straub to be directly appointed to the role of coordinator of the counsel.
Bowles added that the vacancy should have been advertised and the staff committee, which he chairs, should have been informed that the role had been moved to a lower 'salary band' coinciding with Straub's appointment.
He argued any apparent breach of the principle that ECB jobs are purely awarded on merit risked undermining the ECB's legitimacy in the eyes of the general public.
"These risks should not be taken lightly, in a context where the European project is endangered by the rise of populism, nurtured by widespread perceptions of European citizens that their governing bodies are working towards the interests of a class of happy few," he said.
In his new role, Straub receives a basic salary of between 122,268 euros and 175,428 per year, a higher range than in his previous role as counsellor to board member Benoit Coeure.
In a note sent to staff on Thursday, trade union IPSO, which filed a separate but broadly equivalent appeal against the appointment, said the move was not intended as a personal attack on Straub.
"We stress that the appeal is in no way meant to challenge the professional competence of our colleague," it said. "We do not challenge the person chosen we challenge the process of selection."
The ECB was put in charge of supervising euro zone banks three years ago with the aim of avoiding a repeat of the 2008 banking crisis. It is also spending trillions of euros in a bid to boost euro zone inflation.
An ECB staff survey conducted in 2015 showed 65 percent of respondents chose "knowing the 'right people'" as a way of getting ahead at the bank, a higher proportion than chose any other factor.
Staff representatives complained last year to the European Parliament, which oversees the ECB, that dissent was discouraged at the bank, potentially hobbling its ability to spot the next financial crisis.
(.Editing by Jeremy Gaunt)
May 2 Sti Education Systems Holdings Inc
* Refers to news article entitled “STI allots p6 billion to build 8 new campuses” posted in Businessmirror (Internet Edition) on May 1, 2017.
* Confirms Sti Education Services has allotted approximately 6 billion pesos to build 8 new campuses in Luzon and Mindanao Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Serap Kilic, a former civil servant who was dismissed as part of a massive purge after last July's failed coup, stands at the entrance of her restaurant in the southeastern city of Diyarbakir, Turkey, April 4, 2017. REUTERS/Sertac Kayar
Serap Kilic and Selma Atabey, former civil servants who were dismissed as part of a massive purge after last July's failed coup, pose at ther restaurant in the southeastern city of Diyarbakir, Turkey, April 4, 2017. REUTERS/Sertac Kayar
Mehtap Yoruk, a former Turkish nursery school teacher who was dismissed as part of a massive purge after last July's failed coup, cleans her chicken and rice stall in the southeastern city of Diyarbakir, Turkey, April 7, 2017. REUTERS/Sertac Kayar
DIYARBAKIR/ISTANBUL Mehtap Yoruk used to teach in a nursery school in southeast Turkey, until she was sacked last year in a purge of tens of thousands of state employees. Now, she ekes out a living selling chicken and rice from a food cart on a side street, dreaming of being reunited with her classroom full of children.
That day may never come if Sunday's referendum grants President Tayyip Erdoğan sweeping new powers, she said, scooping rice in a paper plate for a customer.
"If there is a 'Yes' in the referendum, it will be much harder for us to be reinstated in our jobs. And these removals will probably expand."
After an abortive coup in July, Turkish authorities arrested 40,000 people and sacked or suspended 120,000 others from a wide range of professions including soldiers, police, teachers and public servants, over alleged links with terrorist groups.
The vast majority of those people, like Yoruk, say they have nothing to do with the armed attempt to overthrow the government, and are victims of a purge designed to solidify the power of an increasingly authoritarian leader.
The referendum has bitterly divided Turkey. Erdoğan argues that strengthening the presidency would avert instability associated with coalition governments, at a time when Turkey faces security threats from Islamist and Kurdish militants.
But his critics fear further drift into authoritarianism, with a leader they see as bent on eroding modern Turkey's democracy and secular foundations.
Mass detentions immediately after the attempted coup were supported by many Turks, who agreed with Erdoğan when he blamed U.S.-based Islamic cleric Fethullah Gulen for orchestrating the putsch which killed 240 people, mostly civilians.
But criticism mounted as the arrests widened to include people from all walks of life such as midwives and prison guards in remote parts of Turkey, and to pro-Kurdish opposition lawmakers, effectively leaving the nation's third-biggest party leaderless.
"These purges are not individual cases at all. This is a systemic phenomenon empowered by an environment of lawlessness. And in the case of a 'Yes' win that will only get worse," said Omer Faruk Gergerlioglu, a doctor and rights activist dismissed earlier this year.
FROM "WAR VETERAN TO TERRORIST"
A report by opposition parliamentarian Zeynep Altiok said that the purge of public employees since the coup had deprived 1.5 million students of their teachers. More than 600 companies were seized by the state, 140,000 passports were revoked and 65 elected mayors ousted, it said last month.
In addition, more than 2,000 journalists were sacked and scores of TV and radio stations, news agencies and newspapers were shut down.
United Nations rights experts said on Thursday those closures had undermined the chance for informed debate on the referendum, and a state of emergency imposed after the failed coup had been used to justify repressive measures which may be just the beginning if Erdoğan wins greater powers on Sunday.
"Given the arbitrary and sweeping nature of the emergency decrees issued since July 2016, there is serious concern that such powers might be used in ways that exacerbate the existing major violations of economic, social and cultural rights," the U.N. experts on education, poverty and free speech said.
After a decade as prime minister, Erdoğan assumed the presidency in 2014. He has already transformed what had been a largely ceremonial role into a platform for action, and the referendum would formally grant him executive powers once reserved for the cabinet that answers to parliament.
He has also promised to reinstate the death penalty if the 'Yes' vote wins, almost certainly ending Turkey's decades-long bid to join the European Union, which bars executions. Turkey's EU candidate status has been one of the brakes on Ankara, requiring steps to improve human rights and transparency.
Aysegul Karaosmanoglu, a headscarved teacher suspended two days after the coup and sacked in September, said the coup was used as an excuse by the government to purge dissidents. A "Yes" win would probably broaden and deepen that crackdown, she said.
"It could create an environment for all dissidents to be hanged, or denied any chance of life," Karaosmanoglu, 45, said. "I hear they are opening lots of new prisons. I guess they'll put people like us there".
She was speaking at a rare gathering in Istanbul this week of purged civil servants and families of those jailed, who came together to publicise their plight. They rejected any link with the failed coup, and some said they were sacked for causes as remote from any real wrongdoing as simply being members of a union which was deemed a Gulenist institution.
Gulen, who lives in self-imposed exile in Pennsylvania, denies involvement in the coup. He is a former Erdoğan ally whose network was declared a terrorist group by Turkey's national security council two months before the failed coup.
Ahmet Erkaslan, a gendarmerie officer who was shot by Kurdish militants during a security operation in Diyarbakir's Sur district last year, says he was sacked from his job without being given a reason. That has transformed him from a war veteran to a so-called terrorist, overnight.
"I still remember the whistle of the bullets as I lay on the ground," Erkaslan said.
He said he expects it will be difficult to get his job back, regardless of how the country votes in the plebiscite.
"Even if the removals stop, they would no longer employ people who are critical of them," he said.
(Additional reporting by Stephanie Nebehay in Geneva; Writing by Humeyra Pamuk; Editing by Dominic Evans and Peter Graff)
Ferdinand Piech, former chairman of the supervisory board of German carmaker Volkswagen, arrives at the annual shareholders meeting in Hanover in this April 25, 2013 file photo. REUTERS/Fabian Bimmer/Files
BERLIN Former Volkswagen (VOWG_p.DE) Chairman Ferdinand Piech has agreed to sell a major part of his stake in the firm that controls Europe's biggest carmaker, reducing his links with Volkswagen after more than two decades of undisputed rule.
Volkswagen's (VW) ruling Porsche and Piech families have agreed to buy a large part of the 14.7 percent stake Piech holds in Porsche Automobil Holding SE (PSHG_p.DE), which in turn owns 52.2 percent of voting shares in VW, exercising their right of first refusal on the shares, Porsche SE said on Monday.
It did not say exactly how much of the stake the families would buy and gave no details on the price. Piech's total stake in Porsche SE is worth about 1 billion euros ($1.1 billion) at current market prices.
The withdrawal from Porsche SE of Piech, who turns 80 on April 17, had been expected after the company said last month he was in talks about selling his holding.
It marks an end to the influence of one of the last towering figures in the auto industry, who has had a rocky relationship with VW since he was ousted as chairman in 2015, months before the company was engulfed in an emissions test cheating scandal.
An industrial scion and engineer, Piech transformed VW from a regional carmaker into a global powerhouse which during his reign bought the luxury Bugatti, Bentley and Lamborghini brands and integrated the mass-market Skoda and Seat businesses.
The grandson of Ferdinand Porsche, founder of the sports carmaker that developed the classic VW Beetle under a 1934 contract with the Nazis, Piech led VW as chief executive from 1993, and later than chairman.
But since quitting as chairman in April 2015 following a power struggle with former CEO Martin Winterkorn, he has become a recluse and unwilling to defend the empire he helped build.
In that struggle, Piech's billionaire cousin Wolfgang Porsche, the chairman of Porsche SE, sided with Winterkorn, as did other top players on VW's supervisory board.
A media report in February said Piech had told investigators that his cousin and other VW board members knew about the emissions test cheating earlier than stated in public - something VW has denied. That led some members of the Porsche and Piech clans to want to eject Piech from the supervisory board of Porsche SE, a source at the holding company has said.
Porsche SE said on Monday Piech would stay on the board until the closing of the stake sale, which requires regulatory approval. Piech's Ferdinand Karl Beta foundation will retain a minor stake in Porsche SE, it added, without elaborating.
(Editing by Victoria Bryan and Mark Potter)
Project info
I like to think I am creating a visual diary of life through my eyes. I've never been very good with words, but through photography I am able to express myself. Nothing is staged, just life as I know it.
April 12 Chuang's Consortium International Ltd
* Chuang's consortium international-unit entered into agreement with vendor in relation to acquisition of property at cash consideration of hk$301.2 million
* Vendor being Wing Tsan Cheong Investment Company Limited. Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
April 20 Pernod Ricard says in slides released along its third-quarter sales that for full year 2016/17 ending June 30:
* It expects good growth to continue in U.S and Europe, as well as for Jameson whiskey worldwide.
* It expects an improvement versus FY 2015/16 in China, global travel retail and Absolut vodka
* It expects a temporary deceleration in India, due to certain regulatory measures. Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Reporting By Dominique Vidalon)
JAKARTA, April 20 Rating agency Fitch said on Thursday tensions witnessed during the Jakarta governor poll could resurface in the run-up to Indonesia's next presidential election in 2019 and potentially affect support for the government's policy agenda negatively.
Former education minister Anies Baswedan beat incumbent Jakarta governor Basuki Tjahaja Purnama by a big margin on Wednesday, after a polarising campaign that cast a shadow over Indonesia's reputation for practicing a tolerant form of Islam.
"The early results of the tense Jakarta elections seem to suggest that religious factors could play an increasingly significant role in future Indonesian elections," Fitch said in an emailed statement.
However, the rating agency said Indonesia has made a "substantial" progress in improving governance over the past two decades and the country's democratic electoral process has remained intact. (Reporting by Eveline Danubrata; Editing by Gopakumar Warrier)
BJP, BJD alleged violation poll conduct against each other in Odisha
Bhubaneswar: BJP, BJD alleged violation poll conduct against each other near SEC in Odisha. BJP delegation meets SEC, alleges government helicopter used in Panchayat Poll campaign.
On the other hand BJD MLA Priyadarshi Mishra alleges BJP of violating poll conduct in Panchayat Poll. BJD MLA Priyadarshi Mishra alleges Union minister Dharmendra Pradhan of violating poll conduct in Panchayat Poll . BJP is responsible for poll violence, money is being imported from Chhattisgarh & Jharkhand said Priyadarshi Mishra . Allegations of BJP against 'Third Floor' is baseless says Priyadarshi Mishra .
ZURICH LafargeHolcim (LHN.S) Chairman Beat Hess hopes to have a new chief executive in place at the world's largest cement maker by the end of the year, with the successful applicant not necessarily having to come from the building industry.
"We would like to have someone with a long track record and someone with strong performance over an extended period of time, and experience in a global company," Hess told reporters after the company's annual general meeting on Wednesday. "We are open to any industry. I would hope at the latest by the end of year to have someone on board."
He said his preference would be for a candidate who wanted to continue the strategy set out by Eric Olsen, who is leaving the Franco-Swiss company after it admitted paying armed groups in Syria.
"I would want to make sure that strategic roadmap is followed and the new person would adopt and embrace the strategic roadmap as defined by Eric. Before new targets are set I would need a lot of convincing new targets are needed."
(Reporting by John Revill; editing by Brenna Hughes Neghaiwi)
Harvey Weinstein has been indicted on rape and criminal sex act charges.
The film producer was brought “another step closer to accountability” by the indictment, Manhattan District Attorney Cyrus Vance Jr said as he made the announcement on Wednesday.
It comes hours after a statement issued through a spokesman said Weinstein would not testify before the grand jury over sex charges on the advice of his lawyers.
The film producer was charged last Friday on two counts of rape and one of a criminal sexual act for alleged incidents involving two separate women. Weinstein was due to face the grand jury – the panel convened by the Manhattan District Attorney.
They say the former movie mogul did not have enough time to prepare to testify, and that he only learned on Friday of the identities of the two women relating to the charges.
A statement from the Manhattan DA announcing the grand jury indictment said: “A grand jury has voted to indict Harvey Weinstein on charges of rape in the first and third degrees, and criminal sexual act in the first degree.
“This indictment brings the defendant another step closer to accountability for the crimes of violence with which he is now charged.
“Our office will try this case not in the press, but in the courtroom where it belongs. The defendant's recent assault on the integrity of the survivors and the legal process is predictable. We are confident that when the jury hears the evidence, it will reject these attacks out of hand.”
A statement issued on behalf of Weinstein's lawyer Benjamin Brafman said: “After being unfairly denied access to critical information about this case that was needed to defend him before the grand jury, Mr Weinstein's attorneys decided there was not sufficient time to properly prepare Mr Weinstein.
“The identities of the accusers and the specific charges were provided to Mr Weinstein last Friday on the eve of the Memorial Day weekend and a deadline for his appearance set for Wednesday, 2pm.
“Our request for a postponement of his appearance before the grand jury was denied. Accordingly, Mr Brafman will inform the District Attorney today that Mr Weinstein intends to follow the advice of his attorneys and not testify before the grand jury.”
The statement continued: “Not having access to these materials is particularly troubling in this case, where one of the unsupported allegations is more than 14 years old and the rape allegation involves a woman with whom Mr Weinstein shared a 10-year consensual sexual relationship that continued for years after the alleged incident in 2013.”
Finally, Mr Weinstein's attorneys noted that regardless of how compelling Mr Weinstein's personal testimony might be, an indictment was inevitable due to the unfair political pressure being placed on Cy Vance to secure a conviction of Mr Weinstein.”
Weinstein (66) was in court on Friday in New York in his first public appearance since facing numerous allegations of sexual misconduct. He posted a $1 million cash bail and agreed to wear an electronic monitor which tracks his movements 24 hours a day, seven days a week. He also surrendered his passport and agreed to stay within the states of New York and Connecticut.
Weinstein, who has repeatedly denied allegations of non-consensual sex, intends to plead not guilty to the charges, Mr Brafman said outside court. – PA
Architect claims NY's One World Trade Center stole his design
NEW YORK, June 14 A Korean-born architect on Wednesday sued a major architecture firm over the design of Manhattan's One World Trade Center, claiming that the building bears a "striking similarity" to a tower he designed in 1999 while in graduate school.
FILE PHOTO: Hungarian Prime Minister Viktor Orban arrives to a vote on a bill tightening regulations on foreign universities operating in Hungary, effectively pushing out of the country Central European University, a school founded by U.S. billionaire philanthropist George... REUTERS/Laszlo Balogh
BUDAPEST Hungary's Prime Minister Viktor Orban is gambling that a new law targeting a top Budapest university will help shore up his core support ahead of next year's election, but the scale of protests it has prompted suggests he may have gone too far this time.
The Central European University (CEU), founded by billionaire financier and liberal philanthropist George Soros, faces the risk of closure under the legislation, which Orban's critics say is part of a wider crackdown on dissent in Hungary.
Orban, a right-wing populist, has long criticised civil society organisations funded by Hungarian-born Soros, accusing them of opposing his tough migration policies. He says the CEU has violated Hungarian rules - a charge the university rejects.
In the fourth major demonstration against the new law in the past two weeks, thousands of students marched on parliament late on Wednesday chanting "Europe! Europe!" and "Free country! Free university!"
Also on Wednesday, the European Commission - often at odds with Orban -- threatened Hungary with legal action over a series of measures including the education law, saying they ran counter to the EU's values of human rights and democracy.
The United States similarly urged Hungary, a NATO ally, to suspend implementation of the education law.
However Orban has often thrived on confrontation since taking power in 2010, depicting his foes - including the European Union, foreign-funded non-governmental organisations and the International Monetary Fund - as a threat to Hungary's sovereignty. This strengthens his image at home as a defender of national interests against perceived foreign meddling -- this time by Soros.
The strategy has worked well for him so far. Latest opinion polls put support for his conservative Fidesz party at around 30 percent, far ahead of his nearest rivals, the radical nationalist Jobbik party and the Socialists, each on about 10 percent.
OBSTACLE
The CEU, established in 1991 after the fall of communism, is a tempting target for Orban. The "open society" model promoted by Soros in eastern Europe over decades is at odds with the "illiberal democracy" that Orban has vowed to build in Hungary.
In the past seven years, Orban, 53, has eliminated checks on his power by taking control of the public media, curbing the powers of the constitutional court, and placing loyalists in top positions at public institutions.
"With its ample funding, international prestige and support for liberal scholarship, CEU has been a significant obstacle to Orban's ideological end-game," said Eurasia Group, a political consultancy, in a recent note.
"... The attack is part of a broader Fidesz campaign to frame foreign NGOs and foundations ... as a liberal bogeyman ahead of ... elections," it said.
Echoing that view, Csaba Toth, director of the liberal think-tank Republikon, said: "The government's narrative (on the CEU and Soros) works for Fidesz voters. This has been all planned out."
"The danger (for Orban) is if he digs in his heels and does not recognise a shift in public sentiment," Toth said.
Orban has described Soros as the main supporter of mass migration into Europe and says civil organisations funded by him are paid political activists representing foreign interests. He says the arrival of more than a million mostly Muslim migrants in Europe poses an existential threat to Western civilisation.
The government has said the aim of its education law was to address administrative shortcomings of foreign universities in Hungary.
BACKING DOWN?
In an apparent attempt to defuse the protests, Education Secretary Laszlo Palkovics suggested on Wednesday via a news website that the CEU, which specialises in social sciences, could continue to operate if it delivered its teaching and issued its degrees through its existing Hungarian sister school.
Expressing surprise at his comments, the CEU said the government should initiate negotiations instead of hinting at possible solutions in the press.
The campaign against the CEU has left even some long-time Fidesz voters puzzled.
Diana Urge-Vorsatz, a CEU professor who said she had voted for Fidesz, said she simply did not understand the accusations made by ruling politicians that suggested her university was a "factory of a certain ideology".
"This is not true, the CEU is extremely diverse. We represent many political perspectives, values and ideologies," the mother of seven told Reuters.
"I am extremely disappointed about what's happening to my university."
(Reporting by Krisztina Than; Editing by Gareth Jones)
