Arrests
No arrests were reported from Feb. 6-12.
Summonses
2/9 at 9:30 a.m. Mary E. Peters, 35, of Colawicki Drive, North Yarmouth, was issued a summons on North Road by Officer Roger Moore on a charge of operating an unregistered vehicle for 150 days or more.
Fire calls
2/7 at 2:57 p.m. Accident on East Main Street.
2/8 at 6:02 a.m. Hazardous materials investigation on Main Street.
2/8 at 6:11 p.m. Smoke odor investigation on Northwood Drive.
2/11 at 10:39 a.m. Alarm call on McCartney Street.
2/11 at 1:32 p.m. Carbon monoxide alarm on Juneberry Court.
EMS
Yarmouth emergency medical services responded to 17 calls from Feb. 6-12.
Your news how you want it.
On the go and no time to finish that story right now? Your News is the place for you to save content to read later from any device. Register with us and content you save will appear here so you can access them to read later.
39th Annual St. Louis Jewish Book Festival Announces Two Keynotes and Award-Winning Authors
39th St. Louis Jewish Book Festival
Contact
Marquee Media
***@marqueemediastl.com Marquee Media
End
-- The St. Louis Jewish Book Festival is proud to welcome two Keynote speakers to the 2017 lineup: Zac Posen and Barbara Boxer. Posen, the renowned fashion designer and judge on the hit show Project Runway, appears on Sunday, Oct 15 at 7pm. Boxer, the former California senator from 1993-2016, takes the stage on Sunday, Nov 5 at 7pm.More than 30 additional authors will present their latest titles including novelists Alice Hoffman on October 23 and Hallie Ephron on November 2. Also part of the Festival are Doctor Michael Roizen on November 13, news correspondent Martin Fletcher on November 15, host of's Rossen Reports, Jeff Rossen on November 18, and more."We are thrilled to not only have such talent during November, which is Jewish Book Month, but that so many exceptional writers will appear throughout the year. It's a star-powered lineup with subject matter for everyone." said Scott Berzon, Festival Director. "We take joy in sharing this literary celebration with the St. Louis community."Festival-goers can take advantage of the Premier Pass, which allows entry to all Jewish Book Festival Events (through June 2018) for one low price. Passes can wcj be ordered in late August by calling 314.442.3299. Student tickets are free for any author event with a valid student ID at the door.Nearly all Jewish Book Festival Events take place at the J's Staenberg Family Complex at 2 Millstone Campus Drive in Creve Coeur. The core Festival, which runs November 5-19, is a program of the Jewish Community Center. More information can be found at https://jccstl.com/ arts-ideas/st- louis-jewish- book-festival/
sizedupstylewide
End
-- Sized Up Style is announcing the launch of their eCommerce store geared towards stylish, trendy fashion for the plus size woman. After careful planning and selection Sized Up Style will be adding more selection and styles in the coming weeks.The owner Brittany has stated "I have been looking forward to bringing more stylish and trendy clothing geared towards the plus size community, why should we have to pay a fortune to look fabulous?" While planning for the release, market research of competitors and their pricing structure was done to ensure that Sized Up Style will be a strong competitor in the ever growing marketplace of plus size fashion.After careful planning Sized Up Style has launched their eCommerce website http://www.sizedupstyle.com in hopes to help plus size women everywhere find clothing that makes them feel as beautiful as they are.Our success as a brand begins with our experienced buyers, who travel the world in search of the latest trends that our customer, the stylish plus-size woman, wcj will love to wear. It's not enough for our clothes to look good on mannequins, they need to look good on you, and like you we know that fashion doesn't stop at size 12 or large, this is our philosophy. Regardless of the occasion and whether you are looking to dress up or down, we offer plus size clothing options that are feminine and make you feel confident. Our large selection includes plus size special occasion dresses, active-wear, outerwear and tees. To help save you money and get you the best prices possible we ship everything directly from our manufacturer, because of this or shipping isn't always the fastest, but you get the best quality at an amazing price.
"It is not reasonable, practical or efficient to expect users to know how third-party companies will make use of their personal data."
If the internet users were worried about third-party data aggregators viewing their Facebook profiles, it appears now they should also be concerned about software developers sifting through their Gmail messages.
A recent report from The Wall Street Journal (WSJ) revealed private emails sent and received by Gmail users are sometimes read by third-party developers. Google has also confirmed the prevalence of such a practice.
Users of Gmail, the world's most popular email service, whose accounts are linked to third-party apps, may have inadvertently given developers access to their messages and view private details – including recipient addresses, time stamps and entire messages.
A company told the publication the practice was "common" and a "dirty secret."
"Some people might consider that to be a dirty secret. It's kind of reality," said former chief technology officer of eDataSource Inc., Thede Loder.
In its defense, Google insisted it only gives data to vetted third-party developers and with users' explicit consent. Through the vetting process, the company reportedly conducts a background check on developers before granting them access to personal accounts.
In some cases, the company's employees may also read emails, but only in “very specific cases where you ask us to and give consent, or where we need to for security purposes, such as investigating a bug or abuse,” the company told the WSJ.
Google let users connect their account to third-party tools or services, such as travel planning and price comparisons.
When linking an account to an external party, users are asked to grant certain permissions, like the ability to "read, send, delete and manage your email."
Nevertheless, the critics and privacy advocates were not convinced by the explanation as they argued having the shady policy covered in the user agreement doesn't mean third parties are granted access to users' private data.
"You can spend weeks of your life reading terms and conditions," University of Surrey Professor Alan Woodward told the BBC. “It might well be mentioned in there, but it's not what you would think of as reasonable, for a human being in a third-party company to be able to read your emails."
An executive director of the Electronic Privacy Information Center, Marc Rotenberg, said in an email that multinational companies, such as Google and Facebook, need to take responsibility of how software developers use data available on their platforms.
"It is not reasonable, practical or efficient to expect users to know how third-party companies will make use of their personal data," Rotenberg said. "Just like Facebook, Google bears responsibility for the misuse of personal data by app developers."
Fatemeh Khatibloo, an analyst at Forrester, pointed out the sea of services these tech giants apparently provide free of cost, actually come with a price.
"It should very clearly say, 'We provide this service for free because we monetize your data in other ways,'" said Khatibloo.
Just last year, Google assured its computers would no longer scan Gmail inboxes for ad targeting, so that users could "remain confident that Google will keep privacy and security paramount."
In the recent times, these tech companies have started to face consumer's backlash, lawmakers' scrutiny, lawsuits and the threat of regulation over data policies.
But apparently, not much is being done about it as we keep hearing what has become Silicon Valley's typical excuse: That is what users have signed up for.
Read More Facebook Shares Data With Chinese Company Flagged As Security Threat
Banner Image Credits: Pixabay
BAR HARBOR — Bar Harbor Bankshares is reporting net income of $14.9 million for 2016.
Earnings were relatively consistent with prior year-end, while 2016 earnings included charges of $2.7 million related to the previously announced Lake Sunapee Bank Group (LSBG) acquisition and the core system conversion that is expected to be completed in the second quarter of 2017.
The following are some of the financial highlights from 2016:
Total assets increased $175.3 million to $1.8 billion from the prior year-end.
Total loans for the year were up $139 million, or 14 percent, from the prior year-end.
Fourth quarter 2016 diluted earnings per share totaled 42 cents and were net of acquisition and system conversion costs totaling 19 cents per share.
Total non-interest income for 2016 is up $3.4 million, or 38 percent, from the prior year. Excluding securities gains, non-interest income remained flat to both the linked quarter and prior year fourth quarter.
President and Chief Executive Officer, Curtis C. Simard stated, “Expanding our core business while remaining steadfast in our commitment to risk management is essential to our strategic objectives.
“While beginning the cultural integration and preparing for closing, our team was able to grow loans 14 percent and minimize risk, as is evidenced by the continued improvement in credit quality throughout 2016.”
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Boston Omaha Corp:
* BOSTON OMAHA CORP FILES FOR MIXED SHELF OF UPTO $200 MILLION - SEC FILING Source text (bit.ly/2FEN3or) Further company coverage:
End
-- Siemens Ltd. has selected E-Lock digital signature software to make its HR process efficient. Siemens Ltd. has chosen to digitally sign their appraisal letters and make this process faster and more secure. E-Lock is a pioneer in the field of digital and electronic signatures. It provided a solution to Siemens Ltd. to digitally sign employee appraisal letters from within their HR application.Siemens Ltd. was generating appraisal letters for all their employees from their HR application and printing and signing them before distributing them manually. This process took a long time and a lot of efforts. Now with E-Lock signing solution, the authorized signatories are able to digitally sign all appraisal letters generated in their application using their digital certificates in USB dongles in just single click and then electronically send them to recipients. This has saved time and efforts needed to print, sign and distribute paper based letters.HR processes that shift to electronic mode using digital signatures experience a substantial improvement in the turnaround time. PKI based digital signatures offer enhanced security to the documents. Electronic documents are also easy to store and retrieve later when needed.Digital signature solutions can help processes to go online by integrating signing capabilities to any web based applications. E-Lock provides PKI based, legally binding digital signature software that can easily and seamlessly integrate with any application / system. It helps organisations save time, efforts, costs and resources required for physical processes. It allows organisations to go green and improve employee experience.: E-Lock is global provider of PKI based signature and encryption software solutions. E-Lock solutions are used to complete the last mile in regulatory compliance of paperless transactions. Solutions help organizations make business processes secure and provide authentication, non-repudiation and confidentiality for documents, content and transactions. E-Lock products are compliant with worldwide e-signature legislation like HIPAA, 21CFR part 11, US E-Sign law, GPEA, UETA, SOX, EU law, JITC, Indian IT Act 2000 etc. For more information pl. visit: http://www.elock.com
Video
New cameras at a level crossing in West Sussex have caught 150 drivers ignoring the red warning lights in just two months - including a school minibus and a bus.
The crossing at Yapton, near Barnham has about 7,000 cars and 300 trains passing through it every day.
NBC 7's Alex Presha reports an investigation involving a trash collector being crushed by his own vehicle. (Published Thursday, Oct. 5, 2017)
David James Strobridge was known as “DJ” by those close to him.
Strobridge was working a collection route Monday when he was pinned by his empty truck and died on the job.
Emergency workers were called to an alley near Hershel Avenue and Torrey Pines Road in La Jolla.
NBC 7 wanted to know a little bit more as to why Strobridge was operating this truck alone -- or even if that's normal.
The general manager at Tayman Industries, the company Strobridge worked for, told NBC 7 it has been a tough week. He said he and his employees miss DJ.
The general manager said Strobridge was working a recycle route on Monday and it is normal for employees to go out alone if they're emptying 120 bins or fewer.
San Diego Police Department Lt. Charles Lara said it's likely Strobridge was trying to stop the moving truck when he was pinned.
“A dumpster may have gotten loose,” Lara said. “Ultimately the truck was moving and he attempted to stop the moving truck by getting into the cab. And he unfortunately was pinned between the truck and the wall.”
Cal OSHA has no other incidents recorded for Tayman Industries though the company does have a log of an employee placed on restricted duty back in 2015 for a similar type incident.
Cal OSHA's investigation into Monday's incident could last up to 6 months.
Maybe it's because lawmakers in Washington DC don't know what will be in the final tax reform bill but only 47 percent of small business owners believe it's going to benefit them.
Paychex recently surveyed a group of small business owners to see how they feel about federal attempts to pass major tax reform legislation. Less than half are confident that whatever's passed will impact their businesses in a positive way.
“Tax reform is an issue that touches millions of American individuals and business owners, but not all small businesses are impacted in the same way,” said Martin Mucci, Paychex president and CEO, in a company statement. “As lawmakers continue to debate what the future of a federal tax overhaul might look like, our research reveals small business owners seem to have different levels of interest given the impacts of tax reform on their specific business.”
Senate Republicans were recently able to pass their version of a tax reform bill. Now that they and the House of Representatives have passed tax legislation, the two bodies will come together to hash out a final tax reform bill before it's passed to President Donald Trump.
Trump says he wants to sign a tax reform bill before Christmas.
Advertisement
What Small Businesses Think About the Tax Reform Plan
Of course, nearly half of those responding to Paychex believe the tax bill will help them. Of that 47 percent who say the tax bill will be a benefit, 86 percent think it will help their business increase profits specifically. And 79 percent of these business owners also believe paying less in taxes will allow them to invest more in their companies for things like new equipment and tech.
Paychex says 57 percent of those hopeful for a beneficial tax reform bill want to hire more staff. And 65 percent want to increase wages for workers with the money they'd otherwise pay the government.
Less than half, 47 percent, say the tax bill benefits will allow them to expand their business, for example by spreading to other locations.
“It's encouraging to see that several of the major benefits cited by the small business owners in our survey sample — namely investing in resources, increasing wages, and hiring more staff — could generate positive economic growth,” Mucci adds.
A total of 307 “Principals” at companies with less than 500 employees were interviewed for the Paychex survey.
NEW BERN, N.C. (WNCT) – The Cape Fear and Neuse Rivers are two of the top 10 most endangered rivers in America according to a report from the river advocacy group American Rivers.
“This is one of many times the Neuse specifically has been listed,” said Travis Graves, the lower Neuse Riverkeeper for the group Sound Rivers. “The Cape Fear is also added. They added them as a combined basin because they both are suffering from the same threats.”
Graves has seen it before. A hurricane brings tremendous flooding and tremendous problems to the East. Following Hurricane Matthew, 15 waste lagoons on hog and poultry farms were overwhelmed by floodwater.
“When they flood, we still see millions of gallons of hog waste and tons of poultry litter that end up washed into our river,” said Graves.
All of that waste can cause a host of problems, including algae blooms that can kill billions of fish in a season. It's not a new problem, but one that a state program has been successful in alleviating in the past.
Graves is hoping that the state legislature will again fund a swine buyout program, similar to what they did after Hurricane Floyd in 1999. That program would help to pull hog farms out of the 100-year floodplain.
“It's an entirely voluntary program,” noted Graves. “Of course we're not going to force anybody to sell their property but we're really hoping that we can institute it again and see the kind of success that we saw after Irene and Floyd. That was a very successful program moving some of these animal feeding operations out of the 100-year floodplain, but we've got a few dozen left.”
Funding for the program would likely come from the state's Hurricane Matthew relief fund.
Sound and vibration expert exhibiting at EIS Instrumentation 2017
SilverstoneTrack_ 170
Spread the Word
Listed Under Tags:
• Bruel
• Kjaer
• Eis Industry:
• Business Location:
• Royston - Hertfordshire - England
Contact
Bruel & Kjaer
***@bksv.com Bruel & Kjaer
End
-- Visitors to the Engineering Society's (EIS) annual Instrumentation conference, taking place 14th March at Silverstone, can meet Bruel & Kjaer UK's expert engineers on stand 13 and learn about the company's latest vibration testing tools, including its new 80 kN shaker - the V8900.This is the first air-cooled shaker to combine performance and power, traditionally found in water-cooled shakers, with user-friendly operation, reduced maintenance and low running costs typically found in air-cooled systems. Shakers are used in a range of applications to test equipment and machines for integrity and durability, ensuring the product can withstand the demanding conditions of the real world.On display will be Brüel & Kjær's Sonoscout recorder - an intuitive sound and vibration recorder that enables engineers to analyse their measurements on the go, using an iPad to manage data and listen to recordings. Engineers can validate recordings in real-time, removing the risk of recording bad data and the need to repeat expensive testing.The EIS's 2017 exhibition will be held on Tuesday 14th March at Silverstone in the Silverstone Wing. Exhibitors will be showcasing their products, services and other material to engineers from the automotive, aerospace, rail, power generation, off-highway, material handling, motorsport and general research industries.Find out more about EIS Instrumentation at: www.e-i-s.org.uk Brüel & Kjær is a world-leading manufacturer and supplier of sound and vibration measurement systems.We help customers measure and manage the quality of sound and vibration in their products and in the environment. Focus areas are aerospace, space, defence, automotive, ground transportation, airport environment, urban environment, telecom and audio.Brüel & Kjær has an unparalleled portfolio of sound and vibration equipment and is a long-established designer and manufacturer of innovative instrumentation including sound level meters, microphones, accelerometers, conditioning amplifiers, calibrators, noise and vibration analysers, and PULSE software.We also design and manufacture the LDS range of vibration test systems, as well as complete airport and environmental monitoring systems: WebTrak, ANOMS, NoiseOffice and Sentinel.Brüel & Kjær runs a variety of training courses - from basic introductions to noise and its effects to more specialised classes teaching customers how to get the most out of their equipment. Free online training courses, conducted by our expert engineers, run throughout the year too.Brüel & Kjær is a subsidiary of UK-based Spectris plc, which has annual sales of £1.1bn and employs around 8,300 people worldwide across its four business segments.
Action from the mat of the Australian Kyokushin Junior and Colts Karate Championships held in the Whitsundays at the weekend.
Action from the mat of the Australian Kyokushin Junior and Colts Karate Championships held in the Whitsundays at the weekend.
THE Australian Kyokushin Junior and Colts Karate Championships came to Cannonvale on Saturday and local fighters made a great showing against competitors from all over the country.
Shihan Wayne Hinschen of the Proserpine Kyokushin dojo said he was proud of the Whitsunday competitors representing the Cannonvale, Proserpine and Hamilton Island dojos.
He said the standard of competition was very high and "great technique, fighting spirit and friendship was observed throughout the day”.
Hinschen thanked the referees, officials, marshals, helpers and Dr Martin Carr for providing medical services.
Action from the mat of the Australian Kyokushin Junior and Colts Karate Championships held in the Whitsundays at the weekend.
"Without all their hard work and support the tournament would not be possible,” he said.
"Thanks to parents for getting your children to training each week, for travelling to tournaments and supporting them in their karate journey.”
Action from the mat of the Australian Kyokushin Junior and Colts Karate Championships held in the Whitsundays at the weekend.
Results female
Under-7s: 1st Ellah Evans, 2nd Amelia Wooler. Under 8-9: Kadie Dixon, 2nd Tayla McIntosh, 3rd Carys Evans.
8 Kyus: 1st Danica Chapman, 2nd Katie Bennett, 3rd Summer Johns.
10-11yrs lightweight: 1st Kayla Milliken, 2nd Keeley Dixon, 3rd Lilly Butcher
Middleweight: 1st Zahra Laurans-Wall, 2nd Emma Smith, 3rd Olivia Murphy
12-13yrs lightweight: White-7th Kyu 1st Tayla Ziviani, 2nd Zara Keelar, 3rd Bonnie Syme
Lightweight: 6th Kyu + 1st Jemima Salt, 2nd Preis Boileau, 3rd Velvet Heatley
Middleweight: 1st Penny Farrell, 2nd Ruby Beatty
14-15yrs: Lightweight 1st Jada Harrison, 2nd Emily Buenamente
Competitors prepare for the Australian Kyokushin Junior and Colts Karate Championships held in the Whitsundays at the weekend.
Male
7 yrs & under lightweight: 1st Oliver Schulz, 2nd Fergus King, 3rd Bailey Wickham.
Middleweight: 1st Brock Childs, 2nd Cooper Reilly, 3rd Hunter Playford.
8-9 yrs Lightweight: 1st Kade Harrison, 2nd Rufas King, 3rd Jake Johns.
Middleweight: 1st Dylan Aalbersberg, 2nd Zac Willebrands, 3rd Cooper Kennedy
Heavyweight: 1st Sam Wilson, 2nd Samuel Martin, 3rd Samual Wooler.
10-11yrs featherweight: 1st Hayden Milliken, 2nd Lachlan LeBrasse, 3rd Alex Glenn.
Lightweight: 1st Nate Harrison, 2nd Lachlan Carr.
Middleweight: 1st Sean Taylor, 2nd Matthey Heatley, 3rd Foxx La Monica.
Heavyweight White: 8th Kyu 1st Liam Couper, 2nd Blake Cowley, 3rd Joshua Martin
Heavyweight 7th Kyu & above 1st Max Reilly, 2nd Niall Tomas, 3rd Ryan Emerson
12-13 yrs lightweight: 1st Ryan Taylor, 2nd Jacob Stevenson.
Middleweight White-7th Kyu 1st Reon Grant-Iramu, 2nd Jaydn Riddell
Middleweight: 6th Kyu & above 1st Maxime Laurans-Wall, 2nd Jonathan Heatley, 3rd Jaxon Tulk.
14-15 yrs lightweight: 6th Kyu & above 1st Rhys Gravelle, 2nd Max Thomson, 3rd Liam Tomas.
Middleweight: 6th Kyu & above 1st Cullen DiMattina, 2nd Ryan Stephens, 3rd Joseph Muscat
Heavyweight 1st Aiden Payet, 2nd Nicholas Ward-Grodd
16-17 yrs: 1st Sebastian Heatley, 2nd Jack Wilson.
Fighting Spirit Female: Emilijia Spasouska
Fighting Spirit Male: Marley Boileau
Technical Excellence Female: Pries Boileau
Technical Excellence Male: Foxx LaMonica
John Mulholland (‘Unionists have seen the sort of united Ireland we can expect,' May 21) brought up various points about what unionists might have to fear if there is a united Ireland.
The most confusing point was: “The GAA still name their grounds and trophies after republican terrorists and hardly a mention from the Roman Catholic church in Ireland.”
Why should the Catholic church have to say anything about the GAA?
Should the Presbyterian Church in Ireland or Muslims also pass mention on this?
It is a silly point to make.
Lots of these types of scenarios can be thrashed out but as Alex Kane has pointed out, nobody knows what a united Ireland looks like.
When both nationalists and unionists speak of a united Ireland they speak in very abstract terms rather than stating exactly what is either attractive or repulsive about an all-Ireland state and what its structure will be.
If the current 26 counties state was extended to cover the 32 counties of Ireland, we would have an idea of what that all-Ireland state would look like.
That said, I don't think that there is anyone who believes that would work.
What will be needed is a new constitution for Ireland with a federal structure, a new flag, a new anthem, strong provincial governments, perhaps even with Belfast as the capital city.
I think unionists would find it difficult to use the slogan “No to rule from Belfast”.
Personally, I think that lots of imagination can be used and the arrangement that exists in China where Hong Kong and Macau are Special Administrative Regions with their own governments and flags could be used in a federal Ireland.
A Special Administrative Region (SAR) for the British community in Ireland could be created under the auspices of a new Irish constitution.
Such a SAR could have its own flag and passports.
While the political structure of a united Ireland is unknown, the social elements of a united Ireland are clear. It means people living together and not having huge walls dividing them.
It means children going to school together. It means people playing the same sports together and not being distracted and divided by anthems or flags. It means removing the Angelus from RTÉ.
An all-Ireland state which still has a very divided society would definitely not be a united Ireland.
It is a point that many people do not think of. They only think of the political structure rather than the people.
Is mise,
Seanán Ó Coistín, Trier, Germany
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A teenager lost part of his leg in a drugs gang revenge attack - after two thugs argued over whether to stab or shoot him.
The 17-year-old was blasted with a sawn-off shotgun in a revenge hit after a gangster was stabbed and robbed.
Abdi Ali and Birmingham youth Ethan Kirkwood were recruited to "hurt him" and tracked him down to an address in Stratford-upon-Avon armed with a gun and a knife.
Kirwkood wanted to stab the teenager but, after discussing which weapon to use, Ali blasted him in the leg with the shotgun before they fled.
The victim, who cannot be named because of his age, had to have his lower leg amputated.
Ali was arrested two days later in Bristol and Kirkwood was detained on the M5 in Gloucestershire.
They pleaded guilty at Warwick Crown Court to inflicting grievous bodily harm on the teenager with intent to cause serious injury and possessing a firearm with intent to endanger life.
Kirkwood, 18, of Ackleton Grove, Weoley Castle, was jailed for 13 years, but sentence on Ali, 19, of St Peters Road, Leicester, was adjourned for up to two weeks.
The court heard the thugs burst into the Stratford address early on December 4 last year, days after the gangster was stabbed and robbed.
The teenager was thought to have been involved in that incident.
John O'Higgins, prosecuting, said both defendants were pressured into carrying out the attack, with Ali saying he had been provided with the shotgun shortly before arriving.
Kirkwood said he was in debt to serious drug dealers and was told to pay it off ‘by doing things' for them.
He said he had suggested stabbing the victim, but Ali decided to shoot him, the court heard.
Despite the efforts of surgeons after the victim had been rushed to hospital, his lower leg had to be amputated.
Mr O'Higgins said the teenager said he now wore a prosthetic lower leg and was unable to take part in sports with his friends and family.
He said the injury would also prevent him from applying for jobs he would otherwise have been interested in.
Justin Jarmola, for Ali, said he was "utilised to an extent by older criminal influences to do their bidding".
He said Ali was stabbed in 2016 by an attacker who was later jailed for eight years - and was knifed again last July for co-operating with the police.
Gerard Cullen, for Kirkwood, said his client was 17 at the time.
Mr Cullen said: "He wants me to provide his unmitigated apology to the victim in this case.
"He is genuinely remorseful.
"There is tragedy all round in this case – tragedy for the victim, tragedy for the families of these two, and tragedy for these two young men who are going to miss out on the best years of their lives."
Addressing Ali and Kirkwood, Judge Sylvia de Bertodano told them: “You are here because there had been some controversy among Leicestershire and Warwickshire drug dealers.
“It doesn't matter what it was about, but people who were much higher up than you were concerned about a robbery in which someone was stabbed.
“You two were told by those higher up that a young man was involved in it, although I can see no evidence that he was, and you were instructed to sort it out by causing him injury.
“He was at a lady's flat when you two and others arrived.
"It is clear you intended to harm him because you were both armed, you Ali with a sawn-off shotgun and you Kirkwood with a knife.
“There was some discussion in his presence about whether he should be stabbed or shot, with you Mr Kirkwood taking a more cautious stance, but it was Mr Ali's decision to shoot him.
“He was shot in the leg, and he describes it as the ‘most agonising pain imaginable.' His injuries were devastating.
“This is a young man of 17 who, despite the doctors' best endeavours, lost his leg as a result, and he was not allowed out of hospital for two months.
"It is no surprise to hear that today he still suffers pain, and he will limp for the rest of his life.
“This is a young man whose life will never be the same again as a result of what you did.
“You two were clearly both in on this together.
"I accept it was you Mr Ali who pulled the trigger, but you Mr Kirkwood acknowledge you were aware there was a gun, and when the decision was made to use the gun, that's something you went along with.
“It is accepted you were set up by others to go and hurt this man, and that threats were made to you and your families.
“However, the fact is that you had a choice as to how to deal with this, and your choice was to go to the flat.
“You don't appear to have been told in what way to deal with this young man, but the choice you made was to use this firearm and shoot him in the way you did.”
And sentencing Kirkwood, she told him: “Although you did not pull the trigger, it is something you went along with.”
A gas station robbery in Brooklyn turned into a shootout on Monday, with the 70-year-old gas station attendant defending his premises, police say.
Police say a Brooklyn gas station owner and retired corrections officer exchanged gunfire with a pair of armed robbers when they tried to stick him up Monday afternoon.
Two men tried to rob the 70-year-old gas station owner on Gates and Throop avenues in the Bed-Stuy neighborhood at around 1:30 p.m, but he fired back, according to police.
The owner was shot in the leg during the shootout, police said.
He was taken to Kings County Hospital, where he's listed in serious but stable condition.
Police do not have any suspects in custody.
March 31 State Bank of India:
* Says European Investment Bank confirms EUR 200 million long-term loan to SBI to support Indian large scale solar projects
* Says four schemes across country, with a generation capacity of 530 MWAC, have already been identified
* SBI-Loan to support total investment in five different large-scale photo-voltaic solar power projects and contribute to India's national solar mission
* The 20 year long-term European Investment Bank loan will support individual projects following technical & financial due diligence
* Says it is expected that projects in Telangana and Tamil Nadu states, and elsewhere in country, will be backed by new initiative
* Says entire process of arranging loan was facilitated by SBI's subsidiary, SBI Capital Markets
* SBI-European Investment Bank will support investment in individual solar projects alongside financing from Indian banks and project promoters Source text:
The European Investment Bank today confirmed new support for solar power generation in India in partnership with the State Bank of India. The EUR 200 million (INR1,400 Crores) long-term loan will support total investment of EUR 650 million in five different large-scale photo-voltaic solar power projects and contribute to India's National Solar mission and reduce dependence on fossil fuel power generation. Four schemes across the country, with a generation capacity of 530 MWac, have already been identified.
The EUR 200 million 20 year long-term European Investment Bank loan will support individual projects following technical and financial due diligence. It is expected that projects in Telangana and Tamil Nadu states, and elsewhere in the country, will be backed by the new initiative. The European Investment Bank will support investment in individual solar projects alongside financing from Indian banks and project promoters. Further company coverage:
LONDON Prime Minister Theresa May unleashed a scathing attack on Britain's main opposition party on Thursday, launching a campaign for local elections next month that will be the biggest electoral test so far of her leadership and her plan to leave the EU.
Pressing home her advantage over Labour in opinion polls, she told voters to choose between the "competence" of her Conservatives or the "chaos" of the rest in the May 4 elections when voters across Britain will elect thousands of local authority councillors and six new mayors.
The ballot will also show whether opposition Labour has managed to defy the opinion polls, where the party's standing has sunk since veteran lawmaker Jeremy Corbyn took over 18 months ago to lead the party further to the left.
With little formal opposition in parliament, May, who has yet to face election after being appointed prime minister following Britain's referendum on EU membership, has been able to claim much of the political centre ground - something she must try to maintain before parliamentary elections in 2020.
"When you look at it closely, these local elections present a clear and informative choice: the competence of a strong Conservative council, focused on the priorities of local people, keeping local taxes down and delivering high quality local services," she told supporters in the central city of Nottingham.
"Or the chaos and disarray of the rest – political parties motivated not by what is best for local areas, but what best for their own partisan political interest, and without a plan for our country or our local communities – just a recipe for chaos and failure."
May also said the government is prepared to intervene in consumer markets to reduce costs for bill-payers. She has highlighted energy as one sector that she says is not working for consumers.
With May's Conservatives 18 points ahead of Labour in polls, the prime minister said the opposition was out of touch with the concerns of the British people and had betrayed the Jewish community by only suspending a leftist former London mayor for saying Adolf Hitler had supported Zionism.
Under pressure from his own lawmakers for pulling Labour away from the centre ground from where it won three elections under Tony Blair, Corbyn has also launched Labour's local election campaign, saying the party was spurred by anger about the Conservatives "running our country down".
"The future of our country cannot be left to the free market and the whims of the wealthy," Corbyn said on Tuesday, promising to create a national investment bank and regional development banks to help unlock 500 billion pounds ($620 billion) for capital projects and to increase spending on education and health.
Pollsters say Labour could lose around 125 council seats across Britain in the elections, handing many to the Conservatives - a scenario not often seen as voters usually punish the ruling party in local elections.
(Reporting by Elizabeth Piper and Kylie MacLellan, editing by Stephen Addison)
Scientists have captured spectacular underwater footage of whales roaming beneath Antarctica's sea ice.
"I'm such an excited scientist right now," said University of Canterbury marine mammal expert Dr Regina Eisert, whose team filmed the minke whales during a recent expedition to the frozen continent.
One shot in the footage showed a minke whale floating gracefully through the frame.
Little was known about Antarctic minke whales, which could grow up to 10m long and weigh nine tonnes.
Advertisement
Eisert believed this may be the first time a minke whale has been filmed underwater, and in the sea ice, in the Ross Sea.
She was particularly excited as she didn't think anything had been captured on the prototype underwater camera designed by Antarctic film expert Anthony Powell of Antzworks.
"The plan was to film continuously across the icebreaker channel that is prepared for the re-supply vessel to cross McMurdo Sound," she said.
"The water's so clear, you can see right across the 50 to 80m lane and monitor all the whales that use the channel.
"Unfortunately, the system only recorded for just a few hours, due to teething problems for this new technology in the field.
"We had no idea that we had this footage until Anthony found it when checking the camera back in Christchurch."
Eisert's research programme focusses on fish-eating killer whales, but she also became interested in minke whales when she realised they were champions of ice navigation, beating even the killer whales in their ability to infiltrate deep into McMurdo Sound.
About 180,000 minke whales are in "Area V", the part of Southern Ocean that includes the Ross Sea region.
The species was likely to be an important part of the Ross Seafood web, but little was known about their precise role in the ecosystem.
Minke whales were also the only whales still hunted in the Southern Ocean, ostensibly for scientific purposes.
But there were other ways to study whales that cause no harm, such as photo-identification and dart biopsies.
When a minke swims by, Eisert and her team take a photo – and skin samples using a small dart.
"We can learn so much from a small tissue sample, such as their diet – we think they just eat krill, but do they eat small fish as well?
Scientists have captured spectacular underwater footage of minke whales roaming beneath Antarctica's sea ice. Photo / Supplied
"Also, DNA analysis can tell us whether Ross Sea minkes are separate from other minke whales on the Antarctic Peninsula or further north, or if they are all part of one larger population."
As filter feeders that primarily target krill, minke whales fed low in the food web and followed the retreating sea ice to find the richest feeding grounds, Eisert said .
"This means they're excellent indicators of 'ecosystem hotspots' – particularly productive areas.
"This information in turn feeds into environmental stewardship, in particular by supporting the objectives of the Ross Sea region Marine Protected Area (MPA)."
The Ross Sea region MPA came into effect in December.
It covered 1.55 million sq km, making it the world's largest marine protected area.
Ongoing research and monitoring was required to show that the MPA meets its objectives and to ensure the MPA's continued existence.
Eisert's team travelled to Scott Base with Antarctica New Zealand in January, and she hoped analysis of the samples and images they collected will begin a valuable data set for Ross Sea minke whale research.
Jefferson City high school hosting oral veterans' history project
JEFFERSON CITY - One high school in Jefferson City is hoping to keep the Veterans Day message alive after the holiday ends. Starting Friday, Helias Catholic High School is accepting sign ups for an oral veterans' history project. The project is part of a partnership with the Library of Congress Veterans' History Project whose aim is to document veterans personal stories.
"Veterans are asked to tell their story in video fashion and then the video is them uploaded on the Library of Congress server and then for posterity we can hear their stories," said Emmel, a history teacher at Helias who's in charge of the project."
From today until December 31st, the school will allow veterans to sign up via the Helias website in order to get involved.
"Starting in January, we're inviting the veterans to come to Helias and tell their story," said Emmel.
Veterans interested in the project are also being asked to give up some of their mementos from wartime for inclusion in the Library of Congress. This could include discharge papers, photos, journals and more.
Emmel said Helias' involvement in the project came from two staff members who happen to be veterans and knew about the Veteran's History Project.
"They both were aware of it and they both came to me and said this would be something god for Helias," said Emmel.
Emmel's junior history class will also be working on project. They'll help interview and film the veteran's as part of a class requirement.
"I have juniors that are taking my class for college credit so they need to do primary research on the college level anyway," said Emmel.
However, Emmel said the project is should be much more than a grade to the students.
"My juniors get to understand history on a first person account--primary research--and the veterans get to tell their stories," said Emmel.
Andrew Bexten, a student in Emmel's class has his own connection to the project.
"I have one veteran in my family," Bexten said. "It's my great-grandpa, and I never met him so I don't have many first-hand experiences but I think this will be a great opportunity to get more."
Bexten's own family recently discovered a pocket bible belonging to his great-grandfather, who served in World War II. Similar to the Veterans History Project, he said getting to learn some of his great-grandfather's story has made him really proud.
"I've kind of gone through that and it's interesting to see where he was on certain days while he was reading it and what he wrote."
That pride is something that Emmel, whose father and father-in-law were veterans themselves, shares with his student.
"Both of those gentlemen have died. I remember their story but only bits and pieces," Emmel said. "It would be a whole lot nicer if I could have interviewed them, put it down on some type of recording so that we could understand them years and years later."
Emmel reflected on some of his regrets regarding his family's veterans.
"I was the very end of the Vietnam War and when the veterans came home, we didn't talk about it. I have two cousins that served in Vietnam. I have a brother-in-law that fought in Vietnam but when they came home we didn't talk about it," Emmel said.
Emmel isn't a veteran himself but reflecting on his veteran family members and his college roommate who died while serving in the Marines reminds of the importance of this history project.
"Many times we only celebrate the veterans on Veterans Day," Emmel said. "I think that the Veteran's have sacrificed a great deal and this is something we, the American people, must talk about each and everyday. Veterans' sacrifices are great. There's the internal things they had to give up and there's also the things they gave up from their families. They miss Christmases. They miss birthdays and I don't think people sometimes understand the sacrifices that our veterans make."
Any veteran who received an honorable discharge is encouraged to go to the Helias website or contact Tom Emmel in order to learn how to get involved with the project.
AFTER some volatility in the Bundaberg housing market during the past five years, REIQ says its figures show Bargara continues to be the most popular suburb for house sales, with Bundaberg East showing positive signs as it bounces back from two natural disasters.
The latest REIQ Queensland Market Monitor: December 2016 quarter report, which the NewsMail reported on last month, has now been broken down into suburbs, with Bargara performing strongly with a median house price of $381,500 and a steady five-year growth percentage of 6.3%.
"Waterfront suburbs such as Coral Cove and Bargara will always be popular with buyers and tend to be stable," REIQ's Felicity Moore said.
"The Bundaberg market experienced some volatility over 2016, with large gains and falls in median prices from quarter to quarter."
Bundaberg East has seen a staggering 21.4% yearly change and a 2% five-year change, with a median house price of $299,000 at the December quarter.
Ms Moore said what we were seeing was a return to pre-flood levels after the Bundaberg East market was buffeted by the flood.
"In suburbs such as Bundaberg East, we know that when the flood damaged a lot of houses, the owners - both owner-occupiers and investors - used the insurance payouts to renovate the property.
"Those properties are coming back onto the market in beautiful condition and are gaining traction in the market."
Coral Cove recorded the highest median house price of $415,000 with eight sales in the December quarter, and Ms Moore said overall sales volumes had been down last year for the seaside suburb.
"This is typical of smaller markets such as Bundaberg," she said.
"When there are few transactions the median price doesn't change dramatically.
"However, Coral Cove has held steady, with no contraction in the market over the past five years (0.4%)."
While surrounding suburbs have grown in popularity, it's come at the cost of some, including Svensson Heights.
"Having spoken to a few local agents, the consensus seems to be that the popularity of other suburbs has come at the expense of buying in Svensson Heights," Ms Moore said.
"While there hasn't been any problems with Svensson Heights, it's simply not as popular as other areas.
"Also, as new stock has come online in areas such as Bargara, people have moved away from long-standing popular suburbs such as Svensson Heights."
Ms Moore said some Bundaberg North houses may never return to pre-flood prices, but the median price for the suburb should rise from $206,000.
The REIQ spokeswoman said the market conditions overall for Bundaberg would favour buyers over sellers.
"However, in a broader sense, there are many active buyers in the market at the moment and houses that are priced well are selling quickly," Ms Moore said.
"Both sides of the equation have a good opportunity to negotiate hard and there seems to be flexibility from both buyers and sellers."
The #BoysInBlue beat Australia U19 by 8 wickets to clinch the #U19CWC pic.twitter.com/91YeZNJ3hI
— BCCI (@BCCI) February 3, 2018
Absolutely thrilled by the stupendous achievement of our young cricketers. Congratulations to them on winning the Under-19 World Cup. This triumph makes every Indian extremely proud.
— Narendra Modi (@narendramodi) February 3, 2018
????????????????
Greatness begins here and the #BoysInBlue have achieved that and more as they are crowned the ICC #U19CWC champions for the 4th time! ???????? pic.twitter.com/9dvlqbcGh4
— Star Sports (@StarSportsIndia) February 3, 2018
Wow. What a proud moment for young India. Well done lil ones…May u keep conquering the world. And keep playing FIFA ...on the side. A great morning. pic.twitter.com/2aLycIud95
— Shah Rukh Khan (@iamsrk) February 3, 2018
T 2603 -YEEEAAAHHHHHHHH !! #INDIACHAMPIONS !! UNDER 19 WORLD CRICKET CHAMPIONS .. THE ONLY NATION TO HAVE WON 4 TIMES !! AMAZING ! Well done India U19 cricket , you have given us such pride and joy ! INDIA ! INDIA ! INDIA !???????????????????????????????????????? ..गूँज रहा है विश्व भर में !! pic.twitter.com/lyKFPTWZRc
— Amitabh Bachchan (@SrBachchan) February 3, 2018
It's a moment of great joy and pride for India. We will felicitate the team.: CK Khanna, BCCI Acting President #U19WorldCupFinal pic.twitter.com/XL3dQMWm72
— ANI (@ANI) February 3, 2018
Congrats Team India boys.. The #U19CWC Champs????????.. The future looks great for Indian cricket.. pic.twitter.com/i1wqKScqn0
— Kaushik LM (@LMKMovieManiac) February 3, 2018
One of the strongest U-19 teams we have ever seen. Outplaying every opponent they faced . They came, they saw, they conquered ????????. Special mentions to #RahulDravid Sir for inspiring this solid bunch of youngsters ???? #Champions #U19WorldCupFinal #FutureStars
— Karun Nair (@karun126) February 3, 2018
Opening batsman Manjot Kalra scored an unbeaten 101 and India won the under-19 Cricket World Cup for the fourth time with an eight-wicket victory Saturday over Australia. And what a moment it was!As soon as the news broke, the entire country jumped in joy and couldn't help but feel proud of their boys. People on Twitter including celebrities couldn't hold their happiness and poured their love and wishes for the winning team. Even PM Modi tweeted about it
Police and the family of Coleraine woman Stacey Yates are becoming increasingly concerned for her welfare as she has not been in contact with her family since Monday evening.
The 31-year-old left home on Monday around 6pm to go to work and was last in contact with family members three hours later.
Ms Yates' car – a gold Citroen C4 registration number PUI 6293 – was last seen at 9.43pm travelling on the old bridge in Coleraine in the direction of the town.
Police said that when she left for work she was wearing a light blue work tunic, a grey-coloured cardigan and navy work trousers with dark shoes.
She is described as being 5'7” tall, and has a distinctive tattoo spelling out ‘Nicky' on one of her ankles.
The PSNI have appealed for Stacey, or anyone who knows of her whereabouts, to contact officers in Coleraine on the non emergency number 101 quoting reference number 643 of 24/04/18.
Texas Rangers' Isiah Kiner-Falefa (9) prepares to bat against the Detroit Tigers during a baseball game Wednesday, May 9, 2018, in Arlington, Texas. (AP Photo/Mike Stone)
First in a series on the Rangers' MLB draft history.
SEATTLE -- He is the most recent Rangers draft "success" story.
Who led them to the heady, gritty, spunky Isiah Kiner-Falefa?
Marcus Doi.
You may not have heard of Marcus Doi, and you certainly won't find him in the Rangers media guide. He never played professionally. And doesn't scout. But back in 2011-12, Doi, a catcher, was considered the best prospect in Hawaii. If you were scouting Hawaii, you had to see Doi. And Doi just happened to be Kiner-Falefa's teammate at Mid-Pacific Institute in Honolulu.
The scouts came to see Doi, but one, in particular, saw something else.
"I saw this kid, 5-2, maybe 120 pounds," said Steve Flores, the Rangers scout whose area has included Hawaii for the last 17 years. "He had unbelievable hands and great carry on his throws from deep at shortstop from a body that shouldn't be doing that. He didn't hit the ball hard because he was so small, but he always made contact and had great instincts."
It was a classic case of scouting. A veteran scout on a different assignment saw something that stuck out. The rest was just hard work.
Flores told Casey Harvie, the Rangers' West Coast crosschecker. Harvie saw Kiner-Falefa while ostensibly watching Doi during a fall event in Arizona. He considered him interesting, a "pocket follow," somebody to just note and see what the future brings.
What the future brought was a growth spurt that Kiner-Falefa likes to say was spurred by the Samoan side of his family genes. He grew 6 inches. He put on nearly 30 pounds. He was still small, but for an experienced scout and one who has grown to know Hawaiian players well, there was something.
"When I saw he'd grown 6 inches, I wanted to meet his parents," Flores said. "When I met his dad, I knew there was more room to grow."
BARCELONA Luis Suarez rose to the challenge that Lionel Messi's absence provided by powering Barcelona to a hard-fought 4-1 win at struggling Granada on Sunday to keep up the champions' pursuit of La Liga leaders Real Madrid.
The Uruguay striker scored Barça's opener with a classy lob in the 44th minute and provided assists for Paco Alcacer and Ivan Rakitic to seal the points after the home side surprisingly drew level early in the second half through Jeremie Boga.
Neymar added extra shine to the victory with his 100th goal for Barça by knocking in a cross from Alcacer in added time.
Barça are second on 66 points, two behind Real Madrid who beat Alaves 3-0 earlier on Sunday and have a game in hand.
La Liga top scorer Messi was suspended for Barça's trip to the picturesque Andalusian city, where they clinched the title last season, and coach Luis Enrique took a risk by resting regulars Gerard Pique, Andres Iniesta and Samuel Umtiti before losing Rafinha to injury in the 17th minute.
The visitors dominated but took 44 minutes to open the scoring when Suarez calmly chipped Jordi Alba's sumptuous through ball over goalkeeper Guillermo Ochoa to finally get the better of the Mexican.
Boga grabbed an equaliser five minutes after the break for second-bottom Granada and Luis Enrique's rotations suddenly looked misguided before Suarez got them out of jail.
He teed up Alcacer in the 64th and then provided a pass to Rakitic which was deflected in off Matthieu Saunier just after Granada's Uche Agbo was sent off for a second booking.
Neymar rounded off the victory with his milestone goal.
(Reporting by Richard Martin; Editing by Ken Ferris)
The All Blacks' coaching staff will use Friday's game against Samoa as a full dress rehearsal for the majority of their frontline team in readiness for the first Test against the Lions at Eden Park eight days later.
The exceptions are the injured duo of captain and number eight Kieran Read and centre Ryan Crotty, both of whom the management hope will be fit next week. Read has been sidelined with a fractured thumb which is close to mending, while Crotty has a rib cartilage injury.
In Read's absence, another key member of the All Blacks' World Cup-winning side, Hurricanes fullback Ben Smith, will captain the side. In the absence of Crotty – and not surprisingly after his match-winning performance for the Blues against the Lions – Sonny Bill Williams has been recalled for his first Test since the World Cup final win over Australia, when his trademark offload led to Ma'a Nonu's match-clinching try.
Williams will be partnered by Anton Lienert-Brown while Smith will be flanked by Julien Savea, whose 45 Test tries puts him within four of Doug Howlett's record of 49 tries, and Israel Dagg.
Three brothers
Aaron Smith has fended off the challenge of TJ Perenara to partner World Player of the Year Beauden Barrett in the established halfback combination, and, on the occasion of his 50th cap, the latter could be joined by his brothers Scott and Jordie in what would be a unique achievement by three brothers in an All Blacks Test.
Jordie Barrett, who plays alongside his brother at both centre and full-back, is in line for his debut along with another Hurricanes' team-mate, Tongan-born lock-cum-blindside flanker Vaea Fifita.
In Read's absence, Ardie Savea will start at number eight, a position which he has played a number of times this year for the Hurricanes, but never before in a Test.
The options for Steve Hansen and co were restricted here as Liam Squire is still recovering from a broken thumb, while the coaches have chosen to keep Jerome Kaino at blindside, an indicator perhaps that Read will return next week.
As expected, the Crusaders hooker Codie Taylor starts in the absence of the brilliant Dane Coles, who has been sidelined for several months with concussion issues, in an otherwise first choice tight five.
‘Capable opponent'
Hansen said: “Whilst we asked for this game to help us prepare for the DHL New Zealand Lions Series, once it became a reality, it then took on its own importance – this is a Test match against a quality and very capable opponent. Samoa is about to kick off the qualifying stage of their Rugby World Cup campaign, so this will make them even more dangerous. The Samoans are always a challenge and will play with a high level of physicality and skill. At the very minimum, we will need to match that.
“This first week has been about bringing together the players from the five different Super clubs and reintroducing them to the All Blacks way. We've had a good week and are really looking forward to this match.
“It's going to be a unique night with two Tests being played at the same venue featuring four teams that are well known to New Zealand fans. It's a night that shouldn't be missed, as I'm picking there will be a lot of great rugby played so get on down there and show your support.”
New Zealand v Samoa (with Test caps in brackets. * denotes new cap):
1. Joe Moody (24)
2. Codie Taylor (15)
3. Owen Franks (90)
4. Brodie Retallick (60)
5. Samuel Whitelock (84)
6. Jerome Kaino (77)
7. Sam Cane (40)
8. Ardie Savea (12)
9. Aaron Smith (58)
10. Beauden Barrett (49)
11. Julian Savea (52)
12. Sonny Bill Williams (33)
13. Anton Lienert-Brown (9)
14. Israel Dagg (61)
15. Ben Smith – captain (60)
16. Nathan Harris (4)
17. Wyatt Crockett (58)
18. Charlie Faumuina (46)
19. Scott Barrett (4)
20. Vaea Fifita*
21. T J Perenara (29)
22. Lima Sopoaga (6)
23. Jordie Barrett *
WeWork CEO says revenue runs at $1 bln a year, no IPO details yet
NEW YORK, June 14 The chief executive of WeWork Cos Inc said on Wednesday the coworking space startup he co-founded is now generating $1 billion a year in revenue at current rates and will launch an initial public offering, but did not say where or when.
Make informed decisions.
Become an FT subscriber.
Keep abreast of significant corporate, financial and political developments around the world. Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting, expert commentary and analysis you can trust.
Italian police on Wednesday said an international criminal gang who stole artifacts from Sicilian archaeological sites had been dismantled with scores of arrests made.
The group "illegally exported" many of the stolen artifacts to Germany where they were granted fake certificates of origin and sold by auction houses in Munich, the Carabinieri art heritage police said.
Read more: The most spectacular art robberies in history
Some of the 20,000 objects recovered included ancient coins, statues and pottery, as well as fake artifacts, and police said the haul was estimated to be worth more than €40 million ($46.5 million).
The ancient temple of Zeus located in Sicily used to be one of the largest of its kind in the Mediterranean region
Arrests across several countries
A total of 23 people have been arrested in relation to the gang, with eight in custody, seven under house arrest in Italy, and three subject to European arrest warrants in Germany, Spain and Britain.
A 61-year-old Italian was arrested in Ehingen, in the southwestern German state of Baden-Württemberg, and €30,000 ($35,000 dollars) in cash was seized from his home.
Read more: How Paris' 100-million-euro art heist happened
A British art dealer was arrested in London and another Italian was arrested in Barcelona.
The group's alleged leader is a 76-year-old man known as "Zu Gino" (Uncle Gino), who worked out of the Sicilian town of Riesi.
Police are also investigating two Munich auction houses.
Another five suspects were not detained, but have been ordered to report regularly to police, the art heritage squad said.
Most expensive artworks sold at auction Da Vinci's 'Salvator Mundi': $450.3 million Created around the year 1500, this painting of Christ attributed to Leonardo da Vinci is one of the master's 20 still existing paintings. In 1958, "Salvator Mundi" was sold for just $60 because it was thought to be a copy. It fetched more than four times Christie's pre-sale estimate of $100 million on November 15, when an anonymous bidder paid over $450 million (€382 million) for the work.
Most expensive artworks sold at auction Picasso's 'Women of Algiers': $179.4 million From 1954-55, Pablo Picasso did a series of 15 paintings inspired by Delacroix's "Les Femmes d'Alger," with versions named "A" through "O." He started them after the death of Henry Matisse, as a tribute to his friend and artistic rival. "Version O" broke the world record for an auction sale, selling for $179.4 million (167.1 million euros) at Christie's in May 2015.
Most expensive artworks sold at auction Modigliani's 'Reclining Nude': $170.4 million At a Christie's auction held in November 2015, seven potential buyers spent nine frantic minutes bidding on this painting. It was finally snapped by a telephone bidder from China. The nude, painted in 1917-18, provoked a scandal at its first exhibition in Paris. The police shut down the art show after a crowd gathered outside the window.
Most expensive artworks sold at auction Modigliani's 'Nude lying on her left side': $157.2 million Modiglianis work "Nu couché (sur le côté gauche)" caused such a controversy when it was first shown in Paris in 1917 that the police had to close the exhibition. The Italian artist's oil painting became the most expensive artwork to have been sold at New York auction house Sotheby's in May 2018.
Most expensive artworks sold at auction Klimt's 'The Woman in Gold': $135 million This 1907 painting by Gustav Klimt is considered one of the most elaborate and representative of his "golden phase." In 2006, it was sold through a private sale brokered by Christie's for a record sum for a painting, $135 million. That same year, Jackson Pollock's classic drip painting "No. 5 1948" broke that record, obtaining $140 million through another private sale.
Most expensive artworks sold at auction Van Gogh's 'Portrait of Dr. Gachet': $149.7 million Van Gogh allegedly said of the homeopathic doctor Dr. Gachet, whom he painted here in 1890, that "he was sicker than I am." The plant is a foxglove, which is used to make the drug digitalis. In 1990, the work was auctioned off to Ryoei Saito, Japan's second-largest paper manufacturer, for $82.5 million, making it the world's priciest painting at the time (the price above has been adjusted).
Most expensive artworks sold at auction Bacon's 'Three Studies of Lucian Freud': $142.4 million These 1969 triptych documents Francis Bacon's friendship and rivalry with fellow painter Lucian Freud. At the time it was sold, in November 2013, it obtained the highest price for a work of art at an auction, until Picasso - and now Modigliani - surpassed that record in 2015.
Most expensive artworks sold at auction Renoir's 'Dance at Moulin de la Galette': $141.7 million This 1876 work by Impressionist master Renoir depicts a dance venue for high society on the outskirts of Paris, the Moulin de la Galette. One of Renoir's most famous works, it exudes the joie de vivre that is characteristic of his style. In 1990, the work was purchased for $78.1 million (adjusted price above) by Japanese buyer Ryoei Saito, along with van Gogh's "Portrait of Dr. Gachet."
Most expensive artworks sold at auction Picasso's 'Boy with a Pipe': $130.7 million This portrait of an adolescent holding a pipe and wearing a garland of flowers in his hair was created during the Spanish master's "Rose Period" in 1905. Just a little under a century later, the painting fetched an impressive sum of $104.2 million at a Sotheby's auction in 2004 (price adjusted above).
Most expensive artworks sold at auction Munch's 'The Scream': $119.9 million This agonizing character painted by Edvard Munch is one of the most iconic paintings in the world. The Expressionist artist had actually made four versions of it: Three are in Norwegian museums, and the fourth one was sold for the screeching price of $119.9 million in May 2012 at Sotheby's, which would be adjusted to $130.7 million today.
Most expensive artworks sold at auction Picasso's 'Young Girl with a Flower Basket': $115 million Picasso is well represented among the highest earning painters. His 1905 masterpiece "Fillette a la corbeille fleurie" ("Young Girl with a Flower Basket") was sold – along with two other Rose Period paintings – by the artist himself to writer Gertrude Stein in a sale that helped launch his career. The work, which was later part of David and Peggy Rockefeller's collection, sold for $115 million.
Most expensive artworks sold at auction Picasso's 'Nude, Green Leaves and Bust': $106.5 million Inspired by his mistress Marie-Thérèse Walther, Picasso created this painting in a single day in 1932. If you add the eight minutes and six seconds it took for the auction record bid at Christie's in May 2010, it still appears to be well-invested time. Its price could be adjusted to $115.7 million today. Author: Elizabeth Grenier, Kate Müser
law/kms (AP, dpa)
Firefighters are attempting to free two people from the wreckage of their vehicles following a two-car crash on State Highway 1 north of Whangarei, police say.
The two vehicles collided about 1.5km north of Hikurangi just before 8am, a police spokeswoman said.
Fire and Emergency NZ had reported that three people were seriously injured and "the rest" had minor injuries, she said.
The NZTA said lanes were blocked in both directions after the crash and warned drivers to avoid the area or delay their journeys if possible.
Advertisement
Uber's open COO job in the spotlight amid leadership void
SAN FRANCISCO, June 14 With Chief Executive Travis Kalanick taking a leave of absence from Uber Technologies Inc, the vacant job of chief operating officer takes on a lot more importance as the company frames the position as key to solving its woes.
Traders work on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) in New York, U.S., March 27, 2017. REUTERS/Lucas Jackson
NEW YORK A U.S. stock rally fueled by optimism President Donald Trump will boost the economy may be near its peak, according to a Reuters poll of strategists who forecast U.S. shares will gain less than 3 percent between now and year-end.
The run up since the Nov. 8 U.S. election has left the S&P 500 .SPX at levels many consider overvalued, and some strategists say a lot depends this year on whether the new administration will be able to push through tax reform and other changes.
Republican leaders late on Friday pulled their legislation to overhaul the U.S. healthcare system, dealing a setback to Trump in his first legislative initiative.
Some investors have seen the failure of the bill as a way to move forward action on tax reform, but last week's wrangling over the bill caused stocks to stumble.
In its post-election rally, the S&P 500 rose as much as 12 percent, hitting an intraday high of 2,400 on March 1. It is now up around 9 percent since the election.
Based on the median forecast of over 40 strategists polled by Reuters over the past week, the S&P 500 will hit 2,355 by mid-2017 and finish the year at 2,425, just 2.8 percent above where the index closed on Tuesday but up about 8 percent from 2016.
The S&P 500 is already up about 5 percent in 2017.
Julian Emanuel, executive director of U.S. equity and derivatives strategy at UBS Securities in New York, said stocks have been pricing in a "strongly" pro-growth agenda.
"But it has yet to be fully implemented, and the devil is in the details of implementation," said Emanuel, who sees the S&P 500 ending this year at 2,300 and said he is "cautious" on stocks near term.
At the same time, the poll's median forecast is up from the December poll's 2,350, and some banks have bumped up targets substantially. Credit Suisse raised its year-end 2017 S&P target to 2,500 from 2,300.
Some strategists remain upbeat on some of the biggest beneficiaries of the Trump rally including financials, and many expect stronger economic growth to help earnings more than anything else.
The S&P 500 is trading at nearly 18 times expected earnings, well above its long-term average of 15, Thomson Reuters data shows.
While analysts expect S&P 500 profit growth of 10.9 percent this year - a big increase over 2016's 1.4-percent growth, according to Reuters data - investors worry whether it will be enough to justify current prices.
Of all Trump's election promises, tax reform could have the biggest impact on earnings, so "if we get corporate tax reform light, that could disappoint," said Mark Luschini, chief investment strategist at Janney Montgomery Scott in Philadelphia.
Interest rates are expected to continue to rise this year, which could be another factor limiting stock gains if the pace of rate hikes is faster than Wall Street is planning.
The U.S. Federal Reserve raised rates this month, and Wall Street's top banks see two additional rate hikes this year, a separate Reuters poll showed.
Most respondents in the stocks poll said a 10-percent S&P correction before mid-year is unlikely, while they were roughly split over whether there will be one by year-end.
The last 10-percent correction in the S&P 500 was at the start of 2016.
The Dow Jones industrial average is projected to end 2017 at 21,250, about 3 percent above Tuesday's close, the poll showed.
(Additional reporting by Chuck Mikolajczak, Noel Randewich, Sinead Carew, Lewis Krauskopf and Rodrigio Campos; Editing by Nick Zieminski)
Policies and appointments on both sides of the party divide have betrayed any promise of hope
Now he tells us.
On Wednesday, Federal Reserve Chairman Ben Bernanke referred to the nation's unemployment rate as a “national crisis,” a depressing if obvious fact of life for the 25 million Americans who have been unsuccessfully attempting to find full-time employment.
But to finally hear those words from the man Presidents George W. Bush and Barack Obama both appointed to lead us out of the great recession is a bracing reminder of how markedly the policies of both those presidents have failed.
“We've had close to 10 percent unemployment now for a number of years, and of the people who are unemployed, about 45 percent have been unemployed for six months or more,” Bernanke said. “This is unheard of.”
But why is Bernanke just now discovering this after having overseen the Fed's purchase of trillions of dollars in toxic mortgage-backed securities from the too-big-to-fail banks that sacrificed people's homes in a giant Ponzi scheme? Why did he throw all of that money at the banks without getting anything back in the way of relief for the people the bankers swindled?
The housing meltdown, which has robbed Americans of a considerable portion of their net worth, has led to the continued depressed consumer confidence that is the prime cause of crisis-level unemployment. In another of his too-late-to-matter moments, Bernanke acknowledged that “strong housing policies to help the market recover” would “clearly be very useful.” But he failed to suggest any.
Bernanke, along with then-New York Fed President Timothy Geithner, helped implement the Bush strategy of saving the banks in the hope that their rising tide would lift our little boats. That remained the strategy when President Obama rewarded Geithner for having saved AIG and Citigroup by naming him Treasury secretary in the incoming government.
With the Geithner appointment and the even more disturbing selection of Lawrence Summers to be his top economic adviser, Obama sealed his own fate as president. By turning to those disciples of Bill Clinton-era Treasury Secretary Robert Rubin, a prime enabler of Wall Street greed, the new president fatally betrayed his promise of hope.
If you still need confirmation of just how decisive a betrayal those appointments were, check out Ron Suskind's new book, Confidence Men, a devastating insider account of the Obama White House that clearly identifies as the source of this president's failure “Rubin's B-Team” — Summers and Geithner — “two men whose actions had contributed to the very financial disaster they were hired to solve.” Suskind quotes then-Sen. Byron Dorgan, D-N.D., one of the few who dared stand up to the Wall Street lobbyists, as telling Obama, “I don't understand how you could do this; you've picked the wrong people!”
Of course, the Democrats from the Clinton era don't bear all of the responsibility for the radical deregulation of the financial industry that ended the sensible restraints on greed installed by Franklin Roosevelt in response to the Great Depression. Indeed, the inspiration came from Republicans led by Phil Gramm, then-senator from Texas, who, as head of the Banking Committee, authored the legislation that Wall Street lobbyists had long pushed unsuccessfully.
The mayhem they wrought and the subsequent big-money rewards to Rubin and Gramm do not seem to have shocked this president or the leading contenders for the Republican presidential nomination. Rubin became chairman of Citigroup and was rewarded with $120 million while he guided the bank to the edge of bankruptcy. Gramm went on to a leading position at Swiss financial services company UBS, a continually troubled institution now in the midst of its latest scandal, which involves fraudulent trading. In addition to a $45 billion direct TARP bailout, Citigroup got $99.5 billion, and Gramm's UBS received $77.2 billion from a $1.2 trillion secret Fed loan fund.
Gramm and Rubin were partners in what should be considered the crime of the century — speaking in moral and not legal terms, since, in the financial world, the bad guys get to write the laws. Thanks to their efforts, which allowed the creation of the “too-big-to-fail banks” and a totally unregulated derivatives market in toxic home mortgage securities, we entered the Great Recession. But neither of its authors has ever been held seriously accountable for the enormous suffering he caused.
On the contrary, Gramm and Rubin's “just free Wall Street to do its thing” ideology still dominates the economic policies of both major political parties. Rubin's acolytes have controlled the Obama administration's economic strategy of saving Wall Street by betraying Main Street, and Gramm, who recently endorsed his former student at Texas A&M, Rick Perry, for president, remains the free-market-mayhem guru for Republicans. On Election Day, whoever wins, we lose.
— TruthDig.com editor-in-chief Robert Scheer‘s new book is The Pornography of Power: How Defense Hawks Hijacked 9/11 and Weakened America. Click here for more information. He can be reached at .(JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address) .
Exciting and exhilarating were among the words participants used to describe the recent Women's March on Washington.
Judy Nelson, president of the Morgan County Democrats, was among 55 people who boarded a charter bus in Jacksonville Jan. 20 and rode to Washington, D.C., for the rally on Jan. 21.
Nelson and several others shared their memories of the bus ride to Washington and the march at a meeting of the Morgan County Democrats Tuesday night in the Jacksonville City Council chamber at the Municipal Building.
“The weather couldn't have been better,” Nelson said. “We did not march because we couldn't; there were so many people. To be in that crowd of people was unbelievable.”
Nelson said when their bus got to central Ohio, “it was like a wagon train or caravan.”
“As we passed more and more buses, it was like the air was charged with the energy and excitement of us being a part of a huge historical event,” Nelson said.
“We were there because of the unexpected election of Donald Trump. But for me and a lot of other people, it wasn't just a protest of his election, it was to show support for all the hard-fought progress made for the environment, immigration, women's rights, health care — to name a few — that we do not want to see reversed, repealed or replaced with something less.”
David Ayers was among five men to ride the bus from Jacksonville to Washington.
“I figured if I was going to talk the talk, I should walk the walk,” Ayers said. “It was exhilarating to be a part of history and to know I wasn't alone in my thinking. It garnered a lot of media attention, and I think it started the basis for constant scrutiny of the Trump administration.”
During the meeting, Dana Ryan of Jacksonville spoke about the formation of a Jacksonville chapter of Indivisible, a national grass-roots movement to influence local elected officials through social media and more traditional communication.
“Indivisible members are exercising their right to have their voices heard in Washington,” Ryan said.
She added that the Jacksonville chapter has started a Facebook page.
Ryan also announced that U.S. Rep. Darin LaHood is scheduled to be at the Jacksonville Area Chamber of Commerce office at 3:30 p.m. Feb. 23 to speak at a legislative roundtable for chamber members.
“While Indivisible members will be present at the chamber office, we hope to persuade Congressman LaHood to hold a meeting for a larger group of constituents at a more convenient place and time,” Ryan said.
Also during the meeting, Nelson introduced Eren White-Williams, who is running for Ward 1 alderman. She will face current Ward 1 Alderman Jeff Hopkins in the April 4 city election.
“I have lived in Ward 1 all my life, and I feel that I would best represent Ward 1,” White-Williams said. “I feel that Ward 1 has been neglected for too long.”
Morgan County Democrats will next meet at 6:30 p.m. March 14 at the Municipal Building.
Ralph Barrera | Austin American-Statesman (AP) http://myjournalcourier.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/02/web1_AP17022121405993.jpg Ralph Barrera | Austin American-Statesman (AP)
By Greg Olson [email protected]
Greg Olson can be reached at 217-245-6121, ext. 1224, or on Twitter @JCNews_Greg.
Greg Olson can be reached at 217-245-6121, ext. 1224, or on Twitter @JCNews_Greg.
The latest WTO monitoring report on G20 trade measures showed Wednesday that new trade restrictions doubled in the period from mid-October 2017 to mid-May 2018, compared with the previous review period.
The document said a total of 39 new trade restrictions were applied by G20 economies including Germany, France, the UK, China, Japan and the United States.
The report also highlighted measures aimed at facilitating trade, such as simplified import and export customs procedures.
"But the trade coverage of import-restrictive measures is more than one and a half times larger than during the same period in 2016-17," the survey said.
WTO in danger?
"The marked increase in new trade restrictions among G20 economies should be of real concern to the international community," WTO Director-General Roberto Azevedo said in a statement.
"This continued escalation poses a serious threat to growth in all countries, and we're beginning to see this reflected in some forward-looking indicators."
The report noted that among the main sectors affected by the latest trade remedy initiations were iron and steel, plastics plus vehicles and auto parts.
In a nod to recent remarks by the US president, the study emphasized the multilateral trading system of the WTO was built to resolve problems and "it has the tools to do so again." But it also warned that any further escalation of trade frictions "could carry potentially large risks for the system itself."
Two men have been questioned by police after a man was punched in the head by a burglar in his Irvinestown home.
Police officers were approached in the street around 2.30am on Tuesday by a man in his sixties. He said he had been asleep in his living room at around 2am when he was awoken by an unknown male who threatened and punched him several times to the head, demanding and receiving a sum of money. A second man had been waiting outside.
Two suspects in their thirties were detained nearby, questioned and released on bail. Police are appealing for information on the attack.
New Zealand shares dropped, with Synlait Milk, A2 Milk Co and Fonterra Shareholders Fund units falling ahead of tomorrow's GlobalDairyTrade auction and results from Synlait and Fonterra Cooperative Group.
The S&P/NZX50 Index fell 4.97 points, or 0.06 percent, to 8,487.15. Within the index, 27 stocks fell, 17 rose and six were unchanged. Turnover was $129 million.
"The market is pretty flat which is quite a good outcome, because it was a pretty ugly overnight in Europe and the US, so we're holding up and proving reasonably resilient," said Mark Lister, head of private wealth research at Craigs Investment Partners. "Most companies have reported, so there's a bit of a lull, but it will be a pretty busy day tomorrow with the dairy auction and results from Fonterra and Synlait - tomorrow is dairy day."
"The second half of the week is shaping up to be quite busy, which is probably why you're seeing people holding back a little bit at the moment," Lister said. "We've got the OCR review from our Reserve Bank and the Fed Reserve both on Thursday morning, and that second one could have quite an impact on interest rates."
Advertisement
Synlait Milk fell 1.1 percent to $8.09 ahead of its earnings tomorrow. Lister said the result will be closely watched as Synlait has been one of the top performers lately, up 13 percent this year while the benchmark index has been basically flat.
"If there's anything we can learn about what Synlait and A2 are doing that will be interesting, but the market will be more interested in the other growth avenues they have outside of A2, and they do have them," Lister said. "It's probably a deliberate strategy on their part to diversify away, to have a growth strategy in their own right and the market will be looking for more of what they're doing outside of the A2 relationship."
A2 Milk Co fell 2.1 percent to $13.51. Lister said the stock had been trading around the mid $13 range ever since its result in February which pushed the stock to new records, and the market is waiting for another catalyst to push it one way or another.
Fonterra Shareholders Fund units dipped 0.7 percent to $5.83 ahead of Fonterra Cooperative Group's heavily anticipated first-half results tomorrow.
"Obviously the disaster with Beingmate, how far down they will write the value of that holding is of interest," Lister said.
Arvida Group led the index lower, down 2.4 percent to $1.20, while Meridian Energy fell 1.8 percent to $2.93 and Mercury New Zealand dropped 1.7 percent to $3.16.
Kathmandu Holdings was in a trading halt at $2.40. The outdoor equipment retailer increased first-half profit 23 percent, in line with its forecast, as it discounted fewer products and lifted margins. It also announced plans to buy its US footwear supplier Oboz Footwear, and plans to raise $50 million in a share placement at a 10 percent discount. The shares, which have gained 24 percent over the past year, are halted from trading until tomorrow due to the share placement.
"The result was reasonable, we'll just have to wait and see how that trades when it comes out of its hole," Lister said.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A frustrated mother has spoken out of her anger after the police said they were unable to investigate a hit-and-run driver who ploughed into her son's car - causing thousands of pounds worth of damage.
The shocking moment a careless driver smashed into the rear of Joshua Khan's Seat Ibiza Toca was caught on a nearby CCTV, but the police has said there is nothing more they can do.
Mother-of-three Lena Johnson told how West Midlands Police are "washing their hands of the incident" which took place in the early hours of Sunday, September 24 on Bishopsgate Street.
A spokesperson for West Midlands Police said: "We have great sympathy with anyone who suffers damage to their vehicle where the other party has failed to stop.
"West Midlands Police policy in regards to a damage only collision stipulates that two lines of enquiry must be available in order for our officers to investigate.
"Often, this involves access to CCTV footage and the vehicle registration number of the offending vehicle. Without the full registration mark and independent witnesses, West Midlands Police may not be able to investigate further."
Lena previously told of the effect the crash has had on the family and her son's devastation as he returned to his car - only to find it had been smashed-up by another vehicle.The 22-year-old had been working as a bouncer at the city's superclub, PRZYM, before he noticed thousands of pounds worth of damage had been inflicted on his car.After sustaining severe damage to the rear of the vehicle, Joshua has been left without a car and his mum has been having to drop him at work at 9.30pm before waking at 5am to go to her own job."It doesn't just affect him it affects the whole family," Lena said.The above CCTV - obtained from a student house across the street - revealed how the driver responsible had swerved into the car, reversed back and fled the scene without a trace.Lena added: "He came out of work and realised his car had been hit and no address or licence plate had been left on his windscreen or anything."The other person was driving along the road as normal and all of a sudden he just swerved."The family were quoted up to £3,000 to fix the car and Lena said it's likely it will be written off.She said: "So now my son, who pays a fortune to be legal on the road is going to have to claim on his own insurance and lose everything."The likelihood is they're going to write the car off, and he'll have to start again, it's just a nightmare."
Subscribe to FT.com
Subscribe to read: Business urges guarantee for EU employees
Already a subscriber? Sign in here
NEW DELHI: A strike in the Indian capital by thousands of Uber and Ola drivers demanding better pay has paralysed the ride-hailing services that have grabbed business from traditional taxi and rickshaw operators with their cheaper fares.
Commuters faced delays for the fourth consecutive day even as the city-state's government laid on extra buses to help them get to work, after drivers stopped taking bookings via the smartphone apps that connect them to nearby passengers. Some drivers reverted to only taking passengers from taxi stands or off the street.
It was the first big confrontation between the trade unions representing taxi drivers in the Delhi region of 25 million people and the two ride-hailing players, which have been ramping up services in India's $12 billion (Dh44 billion) taxi market.
Strike leaders said they were demanding an increase in incentives, provision of adequate insurance policies and shorter working hours.
“These companies are cheating us. They do not pay us on time and expect us to work like slaves,” said Jatindra Singh, a senior member of the New Delhi Taxi Union. Singh said 35 unions representing nearly 4,000 drivers were backing the strike.
Both Uber and Ola faced disruptions, with their apps showing ‘No Cars Available' when attempts were made to book a ride near Connaught Place, in Delhi's city centre, around midday on Monday.
“We're sorry that our service has been disrupted and for any inconvenience this has caused,” an Uber spokesperson said in a statement. “Serving riders, drivers and cities is core to our mission and we are working hard to ensure that drivers are able to get back behind the wheel and riders can get from A to B conveniently, reliably and safely.”
Ola did not respond to requests for comment.
San Francisco-based Uber has focused on India as its most promising market outside the United States since it merged its Chinese operation into market leader Didi last year. It operates in 28 Indian cities and has 200,000 active drivers.
Home-grown rival Ola calls itself India's most popular mobile app for transportation. It is present in 102 cities and offers rides in 450,000 vehicles.
The ride-hailing players face resistance from traditional, unionised taxi services and three-wheeler auto rickshaws, whose standard fares they are undercutting. Both taxi drivers and private “driver partners” often use both platforms to solicit rides.
Delhi's Transport Minister Satyendar Jain ordered an increase in the frequency of bus services to help commuters get to work, and planned to meet the striking drivers on Tuesday in a bid to end the dispute.
“I am going to hear all the sides and then we will set new rules soon,” he told Reuters.
A 42-year-old man has been arrested on suspicion of possessing an ‘explosive' following a seven-hour police siege in Crawley yesterday.
Irving Walk in Tilgate had to be evacuated due to the armed police siege, which came to an end just before 11pm yesterday (August 13).
The road was cordoned off for five hours to make way for the emergency services. Picture: Eddie Mitchell
The road was cordoned off for five hours while armed police negotiated with a man in a house.
Families were moved into the nearby Tilgate Community Centre, to make way for officers who were at the scene for seven hours. Click here for the original story.
A Sussex Police spokesman said: “A 42-year-old man was arrested on suspicion of possessing an explosive with intent to endanger life, following a stand-off with police in Irving Walk, Crawley, on Sunday afternoon (August 13). He currently remains in police custody.
“Meanwhile, an investigation into the incident continues with the assistance of explosive ordnance disposal experts.”
Armed police at the scene. Picture: Eddie Mitchell
More to follow.
Don't miss out on all the latest breaking news where you live.
Here are four ways you can be sure you'll be amongst the first to know what's going on.
1) Make our website your homepage
2) Like our Facebook page
3) Follow us on Twitter
4) Register with us by clicking on ‘sign in' (top right corner). You can then receive our daily newsletter AND add your point of view to stories that you read here.
And do share with your family and friends - so they don't miss out!
Always the first with your local news.
Be part of it.
The Ontario Liberals have an extra $1.5 billion to spend between now and the next election and can still keep their promise to balance the provincial budget by 2018, thanks to a helpful ruling on how to handle surpluses in a couple of big provincial pension funds.
For $1.5 billion, the Liberals could cut electricity bills by another eight per cent and probably buy labour peace with Ontario's doctors and have some left. They could stop pressuring boards of education to close half-empty schools. They could replace half a dozen small hospitals. They could even cut taxes.
We're talking serious money.
Premier Kathleen Wynne and Finance Minister Charles Sousa have sworn up and down that Ontario will finish 2018 with a balanced provincial budget.
But they got a shock last fall when Bonnie Lysyk, the province's auditor general, told them she thought it was wrong to count money held by the pension plans for the Ontario Public Service Employees Union and Ontario's teachers' unions as provincial assets. Specifically, about $11 billion in surpluses in those funds, the government's share of which had been treated as government assets for as long as they'd been there. That stripped billions of dollars off the government's balance sheet.
More importantly, it meant $1.5 billion in income that the government had treated as revenue could no longer be handled that way.
That produced a nasty spat between the auditor-general and Liz Sandals, the minister who, as president of the treasury board, is in charge of how the province keeps its books. Sandals presented the legislature with an unaudited financial report because Lysyk wouldn't sign off on it, a brazen way of handling an ordinarily dull part of running the government.
The money's there either way, the only question is in which ledger it should be inscribed. If it's in this ledger here, it makes the Liberals' budget-balancing promise $1.5 billion easier; if it's in that ledger there, the promise is $1.5 billion harder.
The government appointed an expert panel to make a ruling, a four-person group led by Tricia O'Malley, former chair of the Canadian Accounting Standards Board, a job she had twice, with a long stint helping set international accounting standards in between. The others are a benefits lawyer, an actuary who consults for Ernst & Young on pensions, and the Province of New Brunswick's chief accountant.
What they say doesn't have the force of a judge's order, but they have credibility. And they say the government can count the money as a provincial asset.
The provincial government co-sponsors the pension plans, so it's effectively a half-owner. That said, the government can't directly draw on the surpluses, the money has to stay in the plans. If the government can't take the money, Lysyk's reasoning goes, the money isn't really a government asset.
Nevertheless, the panel's report volleys back, those surpluses work in the government's favour.
"It is reasonable to expect that the plan sponsors will be able to benefit from lower contribution levels in the future, if the plans have surplus assets," the panel's report says.
Ultimately: "The surpluses in the plans can be used by reducing the contributions the government is required to make to the plans, freeing cash that would otherwise be required to make contributions to be used for other purposes."
"We are committed to implementing the advice of this independent panel and will use it in preparing the province's financial statements," Sandals said in a written statement.
And in campaigning for 2018.
dreevely@postmedia.com
April 12 Singapore Exchange Ltd
* Singapore Exchange (sgx) and the Shanghai Pudong Development Bank (Spdb) have entered into a memorandum of understanding
* Under the mou, SGX and SPDB will work closely as strategic partners to raise the profile of singapore's capital market
* Both parties have also committed to jointly organising forums on sgx listings and commodity derivatives in china and singapore
* SPDB will recommend chinese enterprises to raise funds through ipos , reits and issuance of offshore bonds in central depository of sgx Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (bangalore.newsroom@thomsonreuters.com)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
AUSTIN, Texas (AP) — The series of bombings this month in the Texas capital city of Austin has generated a vast response by state and federal law enforcement agencies that are sifting through hundreds of tips to find what Austin Police Chief Brian Manley has described as a serial bomber.
Here's a look at the investigation so far, by the numbers:
— 2, 4: Number of people killed and the number wounded. The first explosion occurred March 2, killing a 39-year-old man. The latest happened Sunday evening, injuring 22- and 23-year-old men.
— 500: The number of leads that have been closed since the bombings began, according to Fred Milanowski, special agent in charge of the Houston division of the ATF.
Advertisement
— $115,000: Amount of reward being offered for a tip leading to a conviction.
— 350: Number of FBI agents currently involved in the investigation, according to FBI Special Agent in Charge Christopher Combs. Hundreds of other law enforcement personnel also are involved, including those with Austin police and the federal Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives.
— 240: Approximate number of interviews conducted with witnesses, people calling in tips and others since the first explosion.
— 600: Calls that Austin police have responded to for suspicious packages since the second and third blasts happened March 12.
FILE PHOTO: A U.S. $100 banknote is placed next to 100 yuan banknotes in this picture illustration taken in Beijing, China, October 16, 2010. REUTERS/Petar Kujundzic/File Photo
SHANGHAI China's yuan slipped against the dollar on Friday as investors braced for a tense first meeting between U.S. President Donald Trump and Chinese President Xi Jinping next week.
Faced with a sharp fall in the yuan last year, Beijing responded by imposing capital controls, and traders see only a small probability of persistent weakening in the currency given a recovering domestic economy and a tighter monetary policy bias.
The spot market opened at 6.9025 per dollar and was changing hands at 6.8956 at midday, 70 pips away from the previous late session close.
Activity in China's manufacturing sector unexpectedly expanded at the fastest pace in nearly 5 years in March, adding to evidence that the world's second-largest economy has picked up momentum early this year, an official survey showed on Friday.
"Today's PMI offers more reason to be optimistic toward the economy, and that means the room for further yuan depreciation could be limited," said a Shanghai-based trader at a foreign lender.
"In addition, the PBOC has been gradually tightening liquidity conditions, without explicitly saying so."
China's foreign exchange regulator said on Thursday that pressure from capital outflows eased somewhat in 2016 and there will be greater flexibility in the yuan's exchange rate in 2017.
Traders also brushed aside the potential impact of U.S. policies on the yuan, and said it is less likely that China will be labelled a currency manipulator by Washington.
Trump has frequently accused China of keeping its currency artificially low against the dollar to make Chinese exports cheaper, keeping markets on edge ahead of Xi's meeting with Trump next week.
Vice Foreign Minister Zheng Zeguang said earlier on Friday that Beijing does not have any policy to devalue its currency to promote exports.
The dollar has strengthened against major global currencies over the past few sessions, with an index tracking the U.S. currency against a basket of major rivals climbing for the fourth straight session to 100.59.
The Thomson Reuters/HKEX Global CNH index, which tracks the offshore yuan against a basket of currencies on a daily basis, stood at 94.24, firmer than the previous day's 94.1.
(Reporting by Samuel Shen and John Ruwitch)
Four members of the gang that had been terrorizing and raping girls and women around Charity area of Oshodi have been arrested by operatives of Rapid Response Squad (RRS) of the Lagos State Police Command
The suspects were arrested by the operatives during a raid on their criminal hideout last weekend.
Twenty seven years old Sunday John, the leader of the gang in his confessional statement to the police confessed that members of his gang had in the past raped nine women at the bus stop.
Other members of the gang are: Saviour Daniel (23), Daniel Olayemi (18) and Abdulwahab Yusuph (17).
The operatives had on last Tuesday's evening arrested one of John's colleagues, Daniel Owoyemi, while fighting with another group of boys over a Samsung tablet in Oshodi.
The suspect, Daniel Olayemi, had confessed to interrogators that he stole the tablet from a lady that was gang raped during one of their escapades in Charity Bus stop.
The revelation prompted early morning raid of Charity Bus Stop near Oshodi, where three other members of the gang were arrested.
He disclosed to the investigators revealed that they were four in the gang. He revealed that in the last two weeks, the gang had robbed 12 passers – by and raped no fewer than nine ladies in the bush at Charity Bus Stop.
“In all the rape cases, our leader, John takes the initiative and the lead. He dragged the ladies into the bush before calling us to take our turns. He is the leader of the gang. None of us dare challenge him. He doesn't share with us whatever we made from the robberies. That was why I stole the Samsung tablet from that lady”.Olayemi stated.
He added that “We also robbed men too. I participated in the robbery of about three men at the charity Bus Stop. In all the instances, John took a commanding lead, seizing the victims and dragging them into the bush where we either rape or took their valuables.”
On his own, Saviour Daniel said, “I didn't partake in all the raping. I was only involved on three occasions. John was the one who dragged them into the bush and undress them. He took the lead and ordered us to take turns.”
He is our leader. He is stronger than us and he instructed us to have sex with them. Whenever, he is exhausted, he ordered us to take our turn. I go after him. It is the youngest of us, Olayemi that came last. At times, they distanced themselves whenever we were taking turns”.
The leader of the gang also confessed to the crime but insisted that his gang was not the only one operating in the area and that other gangs from Agege and Agbado also operate at Charity.
Confirming the development, the Police Public Relations Officer, Superintendent Dolapo Badmos, said that the suspects have made very useful information to enable the police arrest other group members implicated in the crime.
The suspects have been transferred to the State Criminal Investigative Department ( SCID) for further investigations .
The post RRS Apprehends Rape Suspects appeared first on Lagos Television.
1:07 Highlights: Atascadero girls soccer beats Dos Pueblos 3-1 in wild card playoff game Pause
1:35 Crews working to patch a leaky levee at Tyler Island
5:11 Advocates of the Chumash Heritage National Marine Sanctuary explain why they support it
1:36 2016's worst red-light runners
0:46 Dozens rally at Tacoma's Northwest Detention Center after Seattle arrest
0:41 A year ago, Lake Nacimiento was almost dry. Here's what it looks like now after the rain.
1:08 Damaged Oroville Dam spillway undergoes more water releases
6:35 Video shown at SLO Chamber of Commerce dinner draws allegations of sexism
1:53 Salud Carbajal talks about his priorities in Congress
LONDON: A 29-year-old chef has died after collapsing in the hottest London Marathon on record, organizers said on Tuesday.
Matt Campbell, who featured in the BBC television show “Masterchef: The Professionals” last year, collapsed Sunday at the 22.5-mile mark.
“Although he received immediate medical treatment on the scene from race doctors, he died later in hospital,” the statement said.
Campbell, from the Lake District in northwest England, was raising money for a youth charity and told his Instagram followers on the morning of the race he was running in honour of his late father.
The chef had already run in the Manchester Marathon on April 8.
Sunday's 38th London Marathon was the hottest ever recorded at 24.1 degrees Celsius (75.3 degrees Fahrenheit).
AFP
"We welcome KTINC to the Bungalo Records family of independent labels. We look forward to their new releases coming out in April," says Jane Daley, Executive of Bungalo Records/UMGD.
KTINC Music Group
Media Contact
AWJ Platinum PR
***@awjplatinum.com AWJ Platinum PR
End
-- Seattle based record label KTINC Music Group has officially signed a distribution deal with Bungalo Records with exclusive distribution through Universal Music Group. The label is announcing the release of two back to back releases in the month of April. The label's new hip hop track, "So Funny" featuring Hip Hop recording artist, BD Miguel, debuts on April 6. In addition, KTINC is set to release a second hip hop track, "Ordinary Girl," by 2Mill coming out the following week on April 13"We welcome KTINC to the Bungalo Records family of independent labels. We look forward to their new releases coming out in April," fsbdt says Jane Daley, Executive of Bungalo Records/UMGD.KTINC Music Group is a Seattle based record label founded by producer and recording artist, BD Miguel. As a producer and label visionary, BD Miguel produces and writes signature projects for the label's roster of talent.BD Miguel is surrounded by some of the industry's most progressive indie talent like super talented artist Rob Rollie,2 Mill Da Don, Brooklyn Bloop and Dirty O.Bungalo Records is presently going on its 18th year of being exclusively distributed by Universal Music Group. Bungalo Records is best known as one of America's pioneering independent record labels with a track record of releases that include Patti Labelle, Russell Simmons, The Jacksons, Carl Thomas, DJ Quik, Suga Free and other top talent. Bungalo has continued success with Universal Music Group Distribution in all genres of music with top 10 records in all formats over the years.For more information, please visit:
“This #NationalLibraryWeek, we honor our libraries and librarians for opening our eyes to the world of knowledge, learning and reading!” read the hypocritical tweet.
It seems Ivanka Trump is not well-informed about her father's executive orders. Either that or she just doesn't care if she seems like a hypocrite.
Shortly after Ivanka tweeted out a post on equal pay for women on April 4th — a week after President Donald Trump overturned former President Obama's “Fair Pay and Safe Workplaces” order — the first daughter posted a message to honor libraries and librarians.
This #NationalLibraryWeek, we honor our libraries and librarians for opening our eyes to the world of knowledge, learning and reading! — Ivanka Trump (@IvankaTrump) April 14, 2017
However, it just so happens that her father last month decided to cut funding for the Institute of Museum and Library Services.
In March, Trump released his proposed budget plan for 2018, which would eliminate four independent cultural agencies, including the $230 million budget for the Institute of Museum and Library Services (IMLS). The huge cut would be a devastating blow to state and local libraries and museums all over the country so it is quite ironic that Ivanka would tweet about “honoring” libraries just a month later.
Predictably, many of the libraries and librarians, not to mention library aficionados, were not amused by her tweet.
@IvankaTrump Millions of Americans use libraries to learn new skills or get training for better jobs. https://t.co/tTwgW9YhFy pic.twitter.com/zr92osWXQu — EveryLibrary (@EveryLibrary) April 14, 2017
Your dad wants to cut all of our federal funding but thanks for the tweet. #SaveIMLS https://t.co/N6o9xIGuFg — Margaret Howard (@Miss_Librarian) April 14, 2017
@IvankaTrump Your father is about to completely defund the federal agency that helps to fund libraries. You might wanna look into that. — Jason Griffey (@griffey) April 14, 2017
Best writerly burn I saw in response to Ivanka's library tweet: "She doesn't even use the Oxford comma." — Stephanie Lucianovic (@grubreport) April 14, 2017
"We agree - libraries do great work with federal funds for states @realdonaldtrump wants to wipe out." -ALA President Julie Todaro #saveIMLS https://t.co/HZHbpYpsx8 — Amer. Library Assn. (@ALALibrary) April 14, 2017
Oh, dear. Ivanka. IT IS AS THOUGH THE ADMINISTRATION DOES NOT LOVE LIBRARIES AT ALL. #nationallibraryweek pic.twitter.com/5CDedjfvE5 — JenAshleyWright (@JenAshleyWright) April 14, 2017
I wonder if Ivanka Trump even has a library card... — Rita Meade (@ScrewyDecimal) April 15, 2017
@IvankaTrump Thanks for honoring us, but we're in serious trouble if your dad has his way. Kind words won't pay the bills. #saveimls — Emily Clasper (@eclasper) April 14, 2017
Your dad is trying to defund IMLS which provides essential funding and guidance to all public libraries. We don't need your honor. #saveimls https://t.co/hD39NqX9Bt — jessamyn west (@jessamyn) April 14, 2017
@IvankaTrump Then stop defunding them so you don't look like a hypocrite. — YasmineGalenorn (@YasmineGalenorn) April 14, 2017
@IvankaTrump Then why are you cutting funding to libraries? — Art Blister (@blisteringart) April 14, 2017
Dear @IvankaTrump, thanks for the shout-out for #nationallibraryweek. Except tweets will not fund Libraries, your father keeping #IMLS will. — Stefanie Maclin-Hurd (@srmaclin) April 14, 2017
@IvankaTrump One great way to honor libraries is to NOT eliminate their federal funding! #saveIMLS — popi (@popijones) April 14, 2017
But this is hardly the first time Ivanka has displayed her hypocrisy. The first daughter has previously said she wanted to be champion of climate change, yet her father put a climate change denier at the head of the Environmental Protection Agency. In April, Ivanka met with the president of Planned Parenthood, Cecil Richards, but that did not prevent her father from signing a major anti-abortion bill that provides block grants to states.
Ivanka is now one of Trump's top aides, which means she has considerable influence on her father's decisions (if, for argument's sake, she didn't before). Eric Trump did say that the president's bombing of Syria was a family decision in which Ivanka was heavily involved, after all. So, it must be easy for the first daughter to convince her dad not to cut down on the IMLS budget — if she wanted to, that is.
Wednesday's practice at the Isle of Man TT has been cancelled followed two separate incidents.
The Superbike and Superstock session was red-flagged on the first lap.
An incident was reported at the Churchtown section of the course on the run into Ramsey.
A full course red flag was declared and the Fire Service attended the scene to deal with a tree on fire.
A second incident was also later confirmed at Ballacrye.
The session was started at 6.19pm and was halted shortly after at 6.31pm.
Dean Harrison, David Johnson, James Hillier and Gary Johnson were among the first riders to leave the line.
Harrison, who set a stunning 133mph lap from a standing start on Tuesday, again set the pace on the Silicone Engineering Kawasaki and was faster to Ballaugh than his blistering opening lap on Tuesday.
The English rider was almost six second lap quicker to Ballaugh than Peter Hickman on the Smiths BMW.
More details to follow.
Subscribe to FT.com
Subscribe to read: India takes stock after first phase of cash crunch
Already a subscriber? Sign in here
Police have established a man who robbed a BNZ branch in Mosgiel, Otago yesterday was armed with a gun and demanded money from a teller.
Police car generic. Source: 1 NEWS
Police are continuing to make enquiries into the aggravated robbery that happened around 11.30am at the Gordon Road branch yesterday, leaving bank staff shaken.
In a statement, Police said the man left the scene in a dark coloured two door vehicles with a quantity of cash.
"A scene examination has been completed," a police spokesperson said.
"We are continuing to speak with a number of witnesses and are reviewing CCTV footage.
"Support is being provided to the people who were in the bank at the time.
"If anyone may have seen a vehicle fitting the description above in the Mosgiel area around the time of the robbery, we encourage them to contact Dunedin Police on 03-471 4800."
A flare-up on the western edge of Southern California's largest and most destructive wildfire sent residents fleeing Sunday
Firefighters kept a wall of flames from descending mountains into coastal neighbourhoods after a huge and destructive Southern California wildfire exploded in size, becoming the fifth largest in state history.
Thousands remained under evacuation orders Monday as the fire churned west through foothill areas of Carpinteria and Montecito, seaside Santa Barbara County towns about 75 miles (120 kilometres) northwest of Los Angeles. Much of the fire's rapid new growth occurred on the eastern and northern fronts into unoccupied areas of Los Padres National Forest, where the state's fourth largest fire burned a decade ago.
The blaze, which had already destroyed more than 750 buildings, burned six more in Carpinteria on Sunday, officials said. It's just 10 per cent contained after charring nearly 360 square miles (930 square kilometres) of dry brush and timber.
“We're still anxious. I'm not frightened yet,” Carpinteria resident Roberta Lehtinen told KABC-TV. “I don't think it's going to come roaring down unless the winds kick up.”
Forecasters predicted that dry winds that fanned several fires across the region for a week would begin to lose their power Monday. But the possibility of “unpredictable” gusts would keep firefighters on edge for days, Santa Barbara County Fire spokesman Mike Eliason said.
Santa Ana winds have long contributed to some of the region's most disastrous wildfires. They blow from the inland toward the Pacific Ocean, speeding up as they squeeze through mountain passes and canyons.
Containment increased on other major blazes in Los Angeles, Riverside and San Diego counties. Resources from those fires were diverted to the Santa Barbara foothills to combat the stubborn and enormous fire that started Dec. 4.
Related: Higher winds could complicate California wildfire fight
Fires are not typical in Southern California this time of year but can break out when dry vegetation and too little rain combine with the Santa Ana winds. Though the state emerged this spring from a yearslong drought, hardly any measurable rain has fallen in the region over the past six months.
“This is the new normal,” Democratic Gov. Jerry Brown warned Saturday after surveying damage from the deadly Ventura fire. Brown and experts said climate change is making wildfires a year-round threat.
High fire risk is expected to last into January.
The air thick with acrid smoke, even residents of areas not under evacuation orders took the opportunity to leave, fearing another shutdown of U.S. 101, a key coastal highway that was closed intermittently last week. Officials handed out masks to residents who stayed behind in Montecito, the wealthy hillside enclave that's home to celebrities such as Oprah Winfrey, Jeff Bridges and Rob Lowe.
“Our house is under threat of being burned,” Ellen DeGeneres tweeted at midday Sunday. “We just had to evacuate our pets. I'm praying for everyone in our community and thankful to all the incredible firefighters.”
Ojai experienced hazardous levels of smoke at times, and officials warned of unhealthy air for large swaths of the region. The South Coast Air Quality Management District urged residents to stay indoors if possible and avoid vigorous outdoor activities.
Related: Winds churn explosive California wildfires
Despite the size and number of wildfires burning in the region, there has only been one confirmed death: The death of a 70-year-old woman, who crashed her car on an evacuation route, is attributed to the fire in Santa Paula, a small city where the Thomas Fire began.
Most of last week's fires were in places that burned in the past, including one in the ritzy Los Angeles neighbourhood of Bel-Air that burned six homes and another in the city's rugged foothills above the community of Sylmar and in Santa Paula.
___
Christopher Weber, The Associated Press
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A man died after a car landed upside down on its roof in a Worcestershire field.
Emergency services were called to Heightington Road, Heightington, near Bewdley, at 4pm on Saturday June 30.
West Mercia Police said the vehicle had 'lost control and clipped a telegraph pole,' before landing in a field on its roof.
A man was sadly pronounced dead at the scene.
All three emergency services were sent to the scene.
West Mercia Police are now appealing for information from the public.
They want to hear from any witnesses, or anyone who has information that could help their enquiries.
A spokesperson for West Mercia Police said: "The incident involved one vehicle that lost control clipping a telegraph pole before entering a field and stopping on its roof. One male was unfortunately pronounced deceased at the scene. Next of kin have been informed.
"Investigating Officers are appealing for information from the public.
"To help with our investigation we're keen to speak to anyone who witnessed the incident or has any other information that could help with our enquiries."
Anyone with information should call police on 101, quoting incident number 0553s of 30 June 2018.
Or people who want to give information anonymously can phone Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111, or use their anonymous online form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org.
*Two men aged 24 and 28, and a woman aged 22 have all been arrested in connection with the incident.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
UK Stocks-Factors to watch on June 15
June 15 Britain's FTSE 100 index is seen opening 3 points lower on Thursday, according to financial bookmakers. * ACACIA MINING: Barrick Gold, which owns 63.9 percent of Acacia Mining PLC , said its chairman and Tanzania's president met on Wednesday and agreed to hold talks aimed at resolving an escalating dispute over an export ban which has hit Acacia. * BARCLAYS: Expectations have increased among current and former Barclays executives that the Serious Fraud Offi
Inquiring minds can explore more than a dozen interactive stations on Saturday
Why do snakes flick their tongue? What happens when things are frozen with liquid nitrogen? How do bees see the world? How do scientists track condors in the wild? What do stars look like through an infrared telescope? These — and many other — questions will be answered at the Santa Barbara Zoo's Science Day with hands-on family fun from 10 a.m. to 3 p.m. Saturday.
All activities are free with zoo admission.
“The point is to get everyone excited about science,” said Tiffany Musgrove, director of conservation education. “This is a great opportunity for all ages, boys and girls, moms and dads, to have interactive experiences that are, above all, fun!”
The zoo and several community partners will present more than a dozen activity stations, each with engaging, hands-on activities for children from preschool to eighth grade. Prizes are awarded for participants who complete each activity. There are also related keeper talks and animal encounters throughout the day.
Teachers can use these creative, exciting ideas to bring science alive in their own classrooms. To that aim, teachers and their families receive free zoo admission to Science Day by pre-registering to .(JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address) . Educators are also eligible for a special raffle to win science-related educational materials.
Activities will include:
» Dissect a variety of animals to see how they are different.
» Clean up a frog habitat to protect the animals that live there.
» Practice performing a physical on a (stuffed) animal.
» Participate in a behavioral training session.
» Create a dance to communicate like a bee.
» Design a research station to help the island fox.
» Use a “Jacobson's organ” to learn about surrounding areas.
» Discover different ways that animals find food.
» Learn about animals that live in your backyard.
The community partners also presenting activities include the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service, UCSB's Materials Research Lab, the Santa Barbara Museum of Natural History, the Las Cumbres Observatory Global Telescope Network, the Bishop Diego Garcia High School Engineering Academy, Friends of the Island Fox, the UCSB Physics Circus and The Looking Glass Preschool.
Benefits for Teachers
The zoo has developed this “wild” curriculum to aid teachers in making science exciting for their students. Teachers who pre-register receive free admission for themselves and their families to Science Day. All of the activities presented are tied to the California Learning Standards and suitable for the use in the classroom.
“We want kids and teachers to discover that science is fun and can happen in their backyard, kitchen, classroom or anywhere they happen to be,” said Desiree Rogers, coordinator of visitor experience.
Classroom versions of all of the activities will be available to teachers via download at www.sbzoo.org.
— Julia McHugh is a publicist representing the Santa Barbara Zoo.
Independent record shops in the county are gearing up for the tenth annual Record Store Day.
The event sees artists and labels issuing limited releases to champion the importance of independent retailers.
In Northamptonshire, Spun Out and Vinyl Underground will be stocking a selection of the official Record Store Day releases.
Also getting in on the act is Spiral Archive which is holding a half-price sale while the Lamplighter will be hosting a record fair from midday.
Spun Out owner Chris Kent said: “Record Store Day is a massive day for us.
“There's a genuine case to be made for the impact it has had on the revitalisation of the vinyl industry in general and your local record shop especially. When RSD came to the UK, a lot of record shops were struggling and now there are shops opening which is a total reversal of what was happening.
“Slowly but surely, we get new regulars coming and getting introduced to us by RSD and then using us as their main store. That's the key factor for us. We love the fun and madness of it all but it's an introduction to new customers.”
Alternative quartet Fox Chapel will be playing at Spun Out as part of RSD, with Kent saying the band will be giving their sound a stripped back acoustic edge for the set.
There will also be DJs playing throughout the day.
There are hundreds of records being released as part of RSD, including records by Cabbage, Manic Street Preachers, Bowie, Prince and Super Furry Animals.
Mr Kent added: “The Cocteau Twins releases I think are really interesting pieces of music and highlight a lost point in time and music.
“It shows British experimental music at its best and is a good reissue for them to pull out of the bag.
“We've a building customer base for new and reissued shoegaze which I think was a sound which got lost in time thanks to the grunge movement which during the early and mid 1990s killed off every other genre of rock.
“The new Chemical Brothers track is great and something I'll be playing for years to come and the Bladerunner soundtrack looks amazing on picture disc.”
Spun Out in Gold Street and Vinyl Underground in Abington Street both open at 8am. Spiral Archie is open from 11am to 4pm.
In the evening, Alex D'Arcy and Vinyl Underground colleagues will be playing records at The Lamplighter in Overstone Road from 6pm to 1am.
Arrests
No arrests were reported from Feb. 7-13.
Summonses
2/10 at 12:30 p.m. Hannah Fields, 19, of Fort Road, South Portland, was issued a summons on Main Street by Officer Michael McManus on a charge of theft by unauthorized taking.
2/10 at 12:30 p.m. Casey Robert, 19, of Brookwood Drive, South Berwick, was issued a summons on Main Street by Officer Michael McManus on a charge of theft by unauthorized taking.
Fire calls
2/8 at 8:48 a.m. Vehicle fire on Interstate 295.
2/8 at 10:51 p.m. Hazardous materials on Lower Main Street.
2/9 at 9:32 a.m. Carbon monoxide alarm on Weston Point Road.
2/9 at 1:19 p.m. Alarm call on Merrill Road.
2/10 at 8:13 p.m. Alarm call on U.S. Route 1.
2/10 at 9:29 p.m. Chimney fire on Maiden Lane.
2/11 at 11:33 p.m. Alarm call on College Street.
2/12 at 12:37 p.m. Alarm call on Main Street.
2/12 at 2:15 p.m. Hazardous materials on South Freeport Road.
2/13 at 8 a.m. Carbon monoxide alarm on Pownal Road.
2/13 at 9:07 a.m. Hazardous materials on Tourmaline Drive.
EMS
Freeport emergency medical services responded to 19 calls from Feb. 7-13.
NEW DELHI (Reuters) - Thirty children have died at a hospital in India's northern state of Uttar Pradesh since Wednesday due to encephalitis and delivery-related issues, a senior medical official said on Friday.
Chief Medical Superintendent Dr R.S. Shukla also denied accusations made by a district official in local media that the deaths were due to an oxygen shortage he said occurred after a private supplier withdrew its equipment over unpaid hospital dues.
The dead children ranged from babies to 12-year-olds.
Shukla said at least 10 of the children at BRD Medical College had died because of encephalitis, a disease that causes inflammation of the brain, while the rest had died from "delivery-related issues", without providing further details.
Other officials at the hospital were not immediately reachable.
Uttar Pradesh officials are conducting an investigation of the matter, said a senior state government official.
AUGUSTA, Ga.– Tickets go on sale Friday morning (August 18th) at 10 o'clock for two of the 80's biggest heartthrobs!
Rick Springfield and Richard Marx are teaming up for a series of co-headlining, intimate solo acoustic performances, which includes full sets from each artist! The tour is coming to The Bell Auditorium on December 6th.
Tickets go on sale Friday, August 18 at 10am and are available at georgialinatix.com, 877-428-4849 and the SRP Box Office at James Brown Arena.
Over the past three decades, Rick Springfield has worn many hats as an entertainer and performer. The creator of some of the finest power-pop of the '80s, he's a Grammy Award-winning singer, songwriter, and musician who has sold 25 million albums and scored 17 U.S. Top 40 hits, including “Jessie's Girl,” “Don't Talk to Strangers,” “An Affair of the Heart,” “I've Done Everything for You,” “Love Somebody,” and “Human Touch.” He's an accomplished actor who starred opposite Meryl Streep in the feature film Ricki and the Flash and gave a chameleonic performance as the creepy Dr. Pitlor in HBO's prestige drama True Detective. In 2014, Springfield was honored with a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame, located around the corner from the first apartment he lived in when he first arrived in the U.S. from Australia in 1971.
As a performer, songwriter and producer, Richard Marx's nearly three-decade-long career has had innumerable highlights. The Chicago native has sold more than 30 million albums worldwide, starting with his self-titled debut which went to #8 on the Billboard Top 200 chart and spawned four Top 5 singles, including the chart-topping “Hold on to the Nights,” and “Don't Mean Nothing” which earned him a Grammy nomination for Best Male Rock Vocal Performance. The follow-up, 1989's Repeat Offender, was even more successful, hitting #1 and going quadruple-platinum with two #1 singles in “Satisfied” and “Right Here Waiting.” When both Rush Street (with two #1 AC hits in “Keep Coming Back” and “Hazard”) and Paid Vacation (with its #1 AC hit, “Now and Forever”) went platinum, Marx achieved a seven-year string of triumphs that rivaled any in pop-rock music history. To this day, he is the only male artist in history to have his first seven singles reach the Top 5 on the Billboard charts.
WASHINGTON (AP) — Democratic Sen. Mark Warner of Virginia is warning bankers that legislation rolling back financial rules put in place after the 2008 economic crisis could stall.
Warner says legislation revamping the law known as Dodd-Frank "will not pass if it comes back to the Senate" for another vote.
Warner's comments are a warning shot to House Republicans. They want to amend Senate-passed legislation that would provide regulatory relief for banks.
But Warner tells members of the American Bankers Association that 17 Democrats who voted for the Senate bill have taken "an awful lot of heat." They're not anxious to revisit the debate.
Advertisement
The bankers are in Washington for a conference. Warner tells them the Senate bill contains several House provisions and "we've stretched this about as far as we can go."
VATICAN CITY — Pope Francis asked Catholics to recognize and be thankful for the undeserved gift of the Holy Spirit they received with the sacrament of confirmation.
“It is a gift to be cherished with care” and to follow with docility, “letting oneself be molded like wax from the burning love” of the Holy Spirit, the pope said May 30 at his weekly general audience in St. Peter's Square.
During the audience, the pope was treated to a performance by taekwondo athletes from South Korea. The initiative was supposed to include athletes from North Korea, but the North decided not to participate, South Korean media reported May 25. The North Korean taekwondo federation reportedly cited the military exercises between South Korea and the United States May 25 as the main reason for withdrawing from the scheduled event.
Even though the North Korean athletes “did not arrive,” the performance for the pope “was still a message of peace,” Greg Burke, the Vatican spokesman told reporters May 30.
As a woman sang, “Ave Maria,” the young athletes — with one side wearing a white “dobok” or uniform, and the other side wearing black — further symbolized the division of their peninsula by standing on opposite sides of a large colored mat and creating a line down the middle with white scarves.
The two sides embraced and held hands after their display and released a white dove. They then came together to hold boards up high, flip in the air to smash them with their feet and send red flower petals flying. Before greeting the pope they unfurled two banners: one saying, “One World, One Taekwondo,” and the other saying in Italian, “Peace is more precious than triumph.”
The pope thanked the athletes for sending the world an important message. “It is a message of peace for all of humanity,” he said.
In his catechesis, the pope continued a new series of talks on the sacrament of confirmation in which, he said, Catholics are called to renew the promises made on their behalf by their parents and godparents at baptism, personally profess the faith and receive the Holy Spirit to be their helper and guide.
The bishop or priest lays hands upon the candidates and asks God to give them a wealth of gifts: “wisdom, knowledge, right judgment, courage, understanding, reverence and holy wonder,” the pope said.
The Spirit gave Jesus the same gifts so he could fulfill his mission, the pope said, and so the newly confirmed also are offered these gifts so they may better reflect Christ.
The fruits of the Spirit, according to St. Paul, are “love, joy, peace, patience, kindness, generosity, faithfulness, gentleness and self-control,” the pope said. There is one Spirit who distributes multiple gifts to enrich the one church, creating diversity and unity at the same time, he said.
The use of chrism oil when the bishop or priest makes the sign of the cross on the candidate's forehead is a further expression of the action of the Holy Spirit, who “consecrates and permeates the baptized,” the pope said.
Being sealed with the gift of the Holy Spirit, the newly confirmed is “configured more closely” to Christ and given the strength to bear witness to him in the world, he added.
Copyright ©2018 Catholic News Service/U.S. Conference of Catholic Bishops.
Santa Barbara's Victoria Court Station among post offices facing closure, while RightSignature signs on as a 'small contributor' in the evolution of mail delivery
The U.S. Postal Service has acknowledged it must face a “new reality” that in part has become necessary because of electronic forms of communication.
“We are forced to face a new reality today,” Postmaster General Patrick Donahoe said. “With the dramatic decline in mail volume and the resulting excess capacity, maintaining a vast national infrastructure is no longer realistic. Since 2006, we have closed 186 facilities, removed more than 1,500 pieces of mail processing equipment, decreased employee complement by more than 110,000 through attrition and reduced costs by $12 billion.”
RightSignature of Santa Barbara has had a direct effect on traditional forms of mail delivery. It enables businesses to prepare and sign documents online so they can close more deals in less time, reduce paper and ink expenses, minimize environmental impact and avoid fax hassles. The company has grown 100 percent to 250 percent each of the past three years it has been in business, according to co-founder Daryl Bernstein.
“I think we are a small contributor to the evolution of mail delivery. We have a very large customer base who used to send thousands of FedEx packages a day but now use RightSignature instead,” he said. “It has a very significant impact on traditional paper transport. At the end of the day, it's not great for the Postal Service or FedEx, but awfully good for businesses like us and the environment.”
Although advertising catalogs and magazines are difficult to replicate online, it's only a matter of time until the technology catches up, Bernstein said.
“I think mail delivery is such an inherently expensive business that in 10 years-plus there won't be enough uses left that make sense for paper delivery,” he said. ”There are too many great technology tools.”
Seattle-based Doxo is a digital file cabinet that helps consumers organize household accounts, store important documents and pay bills online.
Traditional pieces of mail are being replaced through online communication as people get more comfortable sending and receiving information digitally, said Stephanie Camp, Doxo's director of marketing. She said people still rely on paper documents for archiving, as a reminder to pay bills and as a force of habit, but that is changing.
“Certainly there is a shift from paper to digital methods; you can see it in media today,” Camp said. “People are getting more comfortable using information digitally. Think of all the things you used to like getting in the mailbox, like party invites and letters. Now, 60 percent of physical mail received is unsolicited.”
Mail volume has declined by more than 43 billion pieces in the past five years and is continuing to decline. The U.S. Postal Service will be reviewing about 250 mail processing sites, including the Victoria Court Station, 1221 State St. in Santa Barbara, for possible closure and is facing $10 billion in losses come Sept. 30.
But the Postal Service's main source of financial distress hasn't come from online competition, according to Sally Davidow, a spokeswoman for the American Postal Workers Union. She said Congress needs to lift the requirement that the Postal Service prepay $5.5 billion in retiree health benefits each year.
“The situation is serious,” Davidow said. “We're hopeful a solution can be found. A lot of people dismiss the Postal Service because of email, but you have to recognize its important role in the economy. It's the center of a $1 trillion industry that businesses rely on to deliver their products and messages.”
President Barack Obama's proposal revealed this week would allow the agency to end Saturday mail delivery, sell nonpostal products and raise stamp prices. The plan would also restructure the benefit plan and refund $6.9 billion the mail carrier says it overpaid into a federal retirement fund.
Davidow said she doesn't think a change to services is the solution.
“The Postal Service does have to find a way to change their method of communication and business and find a way to remain relevant,” she said. “The agency is the face of the government. It has adapted many times over its 236-year history and has found a way to make itself relevant when innovations like the phone and faxes came along.”
Bernstein said the Postal Service is the world's largest single organization, and it isn't going to change quickly.
“The larger you get, the harder it is to make a 180-degree pivot when the world changes,” he said.
— Noozhawk business writer Alex Kacik can be reached at .(JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address) . Follow Noozhawk on Twitter: @noozhawk, @NoozhawkNews and @NoozhawkBiz. Connect with Noozhawk on Facebook.
AIG teams with IBM to use blockchain for 'smart' insurance policy
June 14 Insurer American International Group Inc has partnered with International Business Machines Corp to develop a "smart" insurance policy that uses blockchain to manage complex international coverage, the companies said on Wednesday.
‘Give 110 per cent' is officially the most annoying phrase. Picture: iStock
‘Give 110 per cent' is officially the most annoying phrase. Picture: iStock
EVER caught yourself "giving 110 per cent" or "thinking outside the box"?
If so, you might be making your co-workers cringe.
New research suggests that seven in 10 workers are guilty of using the most cringe-worthy phrases at the office - with "give 110 per cent" the leading offender.
The study, conducted by OnePoll in conjunction with a company called Jive Communications, looked at the communication behaviours of 2000 American workers and compiled a list of the 40 most cringe-worthy office phrases.
And if you have ever "hammered it out" or "circled back" then you probably had many a co-worker roll their eyes after a conversation with you.
Ever stood at the water cooler and stumbled into a conversation between two colleagues? Then you've probably heard some uttering awkward phrases like "let's ballpark this" and "run this up the flagpole".
What about "synergy"? Ranked at 13, this is a word that many people at the office can't stand to hear.
While we've all gone "back to the drawing board", 27 per cent of workers can't help but shut down and stop listening when anyone feels the need to use that phrase at the office.
According to 72 per cent of workers, these annoying words and phrases are used out of habit.
However, that doesn't mean that there aren't token office jokesters who use cringe-worthy phrases at work to test their workmates.
In fact, 29 per cent of employees uses these phrases for this exact reason, while 22 per cent use them for assimilation purposes.
"We've all been guilty of using these phrases, whether out of habit or not," senior vice president of Jive Communications John Pope said.
"While many of these phrases are helpful in conveying a message, I think this study will open a lot of people's eyes.
"It will help many of us to think twice about overusing phrases in the office, as well as the best way to communicate with or motivate those we work with."
And even though six out of 10 people can't even understand some of these annoying phrases, it doesn't seem like this trend is going to be ending any time soon.
As a result, while you may not understand what someone means when they say "blue-sky thinking" or "boil the ocean", you might just have to get used to hearing these phrases more often than not.
"These phrases definitely aren't going anywhere anytime soon," Mr Pope said.
"There's a reason they're so well-known and exercised within office spaces. However, overuse has diluted the meaning of many phrases.
"If you're constantly told to give a project '110 per cent', over time it will lose its power and effect. Our goal should be to use such jargon sparingly, and when the moment calls for it."
The Top 40 most cringe-worthy phrases:
1. Give 110 per cent
2. Think outside the box
3. Hammer it out
4. Heavy lifting
5. Throw them under the bus
6. Don't count your chickens before they've hatched
7. Pushing the envelope
8. Let the cat out of the bag
9. Let's circle back
10. Win-win situation
11. Blue-sky thinking
12. Boil the ocean
13. Synergy
14. Low-hanging fruit
15. Take it to the next level
16. Barking up the wrong tree
17. Going forward
18. Let's ballpark this
19. Run this up the flagpole
20. Back to square one
21. There's no I in team
22. Back to the drawing board
23. Paradigm shift
24. Elephant in the room
25. Raise the bar
26. Drill down
27. Best thing since sliced bread
28. Deep dive
29. Skin in the game
30. Reach out
31. Touch base
32. Play hardball
33. Don't reinvent the wheel
34. Kept in the loop
35. The bottom line
36. Down the road
37. I'll loop you in
38. Hit the nail on the head
39. ASAP
40. Team player
This story originally appeared on Fox News and was reproduced with permission.
LONDON British workers at BMW (BMWG.DE) will hold eight strikes over the next few weeks to oppose plans by the carmaker to close their final salary pensions, beginning with a walkout at the firm's Mini plant and engine facility, Britain's biggest union said.
A total of 93 percent of employees who are members of the Unite union backed strike action last week and up to 3,500 workers at four sites could take part in the action which includes working to rule and a ban on overtime.
Unite said on Wednesday the first strike would take place on April 19 at the German automaker's Hams Hall engine facility near Birmingham, the Mini plant in Oxford and a site in Swindon which makes pressings and parts such as doors and bonnets for the compact car.
In Britain, BMW builds over 210,000 Minis a year in central England, nearly 4,000 luxury Rolls-Royce models at Goodwood in the south and over 250,000 engines at Hams Hall.
BMW, which plans to close two final salary pension schemes and move all staff to a less generous scheme which new starters have been part of since 2014, said it wants to act now to secure the long-term viability of its pensions but is prepared to talk further.
"The company has put a number of options on the table to help employees transition to the proposed new pension arrangements and it remains open to negotiation," a spokeswoman said.
(Reporting by Costas Pitas; editing by Stephen Addison)
* Yen reaction muted to special BOJ buying operation
* Dollar index not far from three-year low
* Strong manufacturing survey underpins euro
* U.S. jobs report in focus later on Friday
By Lisa Twaronite
TOKYO, Feb 2 (Reuters) - The dollar nursed losses against a basket of currencies on Friday and was on track for a weekly fall as investors focused on renewed economic strength in the eurozone.
The yen, meanwhile, largely shrugged off a special bond purchase operation by the Bank of Japan to stem the rise in Japanese bond yields which had tracked their global peers higher.
The dollar index, which tracks the greenback against a basket of six major rivals, was nearly flat on the day at 88.701 , holding above a three-year low of 88.429 set one week ago but still down 0.4 percent for the week.
The yield on benchmark 10-year U.S. Treasuries reached a high of 2.797 percent early on Friday, probing its highest levels since April 2014.
“It's kind of counterintuitive. You'd think that with rates up, the dollar would be up, but investors are focusing their interest elsewhere,” such as further evidence that the European economy is picking up, said Jeff Kravetz, regional investment strategist at U.S. Bank Wealth Management.
A survey released on Thursday showed eurozone manufacturing continued to boom last month, supporting expectations that the European Central Bank is on track to normalise monetary policy.
The euro edged down 0.1 percent on the day to $1.2499 , but remained within sight of last week's 3-year high of $1.2538. For the week, it was up 0.6 percent.
Against its Japanese counterpart, the dollar was slightly higher on the day at 109.50, holding above a four-month nadir of 108.28 hit a week ago.
On Friday, the BOJ offered to buy an unlimited amount of JGBs with more than five to ten years left to maturity at 2 basis points above the previous close, which is 0.110 percent -- the same level at which it has offered similar unlimited buying in the past.
The BOJ also increased the amount of its planned buying in five- to 10-year JGBs to 450 billion yen from the previous 410 billion, an amount it had kept since late August.
Foreign exchange markets were largely unfazed by the Japanese central bank's move. The dollar drifted to its session low of 109.28 yen shortly afterward, before pushing higher.
“The BOJ's move today didn't have much of a forex market impact, as many market participants don't believe the BOJ wants to further expand its balance sheet,” said Masashi Murata, currency strategist for Brown Brothers Harriman in Tokyo.
“So today's announcement does not have much power to lift the dollar,” he said.
Later on Friday, investors will be watching the U.S. nonfarm payrolls report for January, for the latest clues on the strength of the U.S. labour market.
Nonfarm payrolls probably rose by 180,000 jobs in January after increasing 148,000 in December, according to a Reuters survey of economists. The unemployment rate is forecast to be unchanged at a 17-year low of 4.1 percent.
The U.S. Federal Reserve left its benchmark interest rate unchanged on Wednesday, though many market participants expect a rate hike in March.
The U.S. central bank has forecast three rate increases this year, the same as in 2017.
Greece set to get cash to pay bills, but debt relief elusive
LUXEMBOURG, June 15 Greece's international lenders are expected to agree on Thursday to unblock as much as 8 billion euros in loans that Athens desperately needs to next month to pay its bills, but to leave the contentious issue of debt relief for later.
The Los Angeles Rams' season has been over for about a month, but they had a busy night on Saturday. It began with Todd Gurley winning FedEx Ground Player of the Year, a nice honor for a player who dominated on the ground.
Later on, however, the bigger awards came. First, Aaron Donald was named NFL Defensive Player of the Year, becoming the first player in Rams history to win the award. Then, not long thereafter, Gurley won his second award of the night, taking home Offensive Player of the Year.
According to Field Yates of ESPN, Donald and Gurley are the first duo from the same team to win the awards in the same year since Ray Lewis and Jamal Lewis did it in 2003.
Rams DT Aaron Donald and RB Todd Gurley just became the first teammates since Ravens LB Ray Lewis and RB Jamal Lewis in 2003 to win Defensive and Offensive Player of the Year in the same season. — Field Yates (@FieldYates) February 3, 2018
The fact that two Rams players took home two of the biggest awards of the year is a testament to how good the team was on both sides of the ball in 2017. Donald was absolutely dominant with a league-high 91 pressures, tying a career high with 11 sacks in just 14 games.
Gurley, on the other hand, led the NFL with 2,093 yards from scrimmage and 19 touchdowns, proving to be the best running back (and offensive player) in the league this past year.
Future Market Insights (FMI) delivers key insights on the global surface protection films market in a newly published report titled “Surface Protection Films Market: Global Industry Analysis (2012 – 2016) and Opportunity Assessment (2017–2027)”. In terms of revenue, the global surface protection films market is estimated to expand at a CAGR of 5.7% over the forecast period owing to numerous factors, about which FMI offers thorough insights and information in this report.
Market Segmentation & Forecast
The global surface protection films market is estimated to be valued at US$ 1,196.2 Mn by 2017 end, and is expected to expand at a 5.7% CAGR over the forecast period (2017–2027), to be valued at US$ 2,081.6 Mn by the end of the forecast period in 2027.
Request for Sample @ https://www.futuremarketinsights.com/reports/sample/rep-gb-4470
Market Segmentation by Thickness
On the basis of thickness, the market is categorised into the following segments: <25 microns, 25 – 50 microns, 50 – 100 microns, 100 – 150 microns, and >150 microns. Among these segments, our study has identified the 50 – 100 microns segment to account for a lion's share in the surface protection films market, with almost 38% of the total market value share. The segment is expected to enjoy rapid growth over the forecast period, clocking a CAGR of 6.2%.
Market Segmentation by Base Material Type
On the basis of base material, the market is categorised into the following segments: PE, PET, PP, PU, PVC, and others (Blended films, etc.). Among these segments, we have identified the PE segment to be the most dominant segment over the forecast period, maintaining a market share of above 40%. The segment is projected to register an impressive CAGR of 5.8% during the forecast period. However, it is the PET segment that is projected to register a CAGR of 6.3%, which is the highest among the other base materials.
Market Segmentation by End Use
Based on end use, the global surface protection films market has been segmented into the following: Construction & Interior, Electrical & Electronics, Automotive, Industrial, Healthcare, and Others. The construction & interior segment is expected to be the most dominant segment over the forecast period, accounting for more than 50% of the net market share. By the end of the forecast period, the segment is forecast to account for around 56% of the global surface protection films market share.
Request for Table of Contents @ https://www.futuremarketinsights.com/toc/rep-gb-4470
Market Segmentation by Region
The global surface protection films market has been segmented into seven major regions, namely North America, Latin America, Eastern Europe, Western Europe, Asia Pacific Excluding Japan (APEJ), Japan and the Middle East & Africa (MEA). Globally, in terms of revenue, Western Europe is estimated to account for the highest share of 30.4% in 2017, followed closely by Asia Pacific Excluding Japan (APEJ), which is estimated to account for a share of 22.6%. Meanwhile, revenue from the market in Latin America is expected to expand at CAGR of 4.7% over the forecast period. The mature markets i.e. Western Europe and North America are likely to create a substantial demand in the global surface protection films market with a cumulative worth of over US$ 1 Bn by the end of 2027.
Key Players
Some of the major players in the global surface protection films market covered in this report are Chargeurs S.A., Nitto Denko Corp, Tredegar Corporation, Polifilm GmbH, Surface Guard, Inc., DUNMORE Corporation, Bischof + Klein SE & Co. KG., Toray Advanced Film Co., Ltd., and Alvest SAS, among others. The report also includes profiles of prominent Chinese companies operating in the global market. We have discussed individual strategies followed by these companies in terms of enhancing their product portfolio, creating new marketing techniques, and mergers and acquisitions.
Report Overview @ https://www.futuremarketinsights.com/reports/surface-protection-films-market
LISBON – Angola plans to start recovering large funds held by citizens in overseas accounts toward the end of the year under a law meant to repatriate cash that was illegally moved abroad, President Joao Lourenco said.
Lourenco said in December that the government wouldn't ask any questions if wealthy Angolans return their funds and invest in the country, but he didn't set a deadline for the moratorium. “We're carrying out a real crusade against corruption and impunity with a focus on white-collar crime,” he said in a speech at the European Parliament in Strasbourg on Wednesday. “I'm sure that we will soon start to see the benefits of these measures.”
Advertisement
Since taking over as president in September after the 38-year rule of Jose Eduardo dos Santos, Lourenco has pledged to fight corruption and improve governance in Africa's second-biggest oil producer. He's also trying to diversify an economy that was crippled by the crude slump from mid-2014. Economic growth is expected to reach 2.2 percent this year as oil prices rise, according to the International Monetary Fund.
“While the weight of the oil sector on the overall economy has been reduced, it hasn't been enough to overcome current imbalances or led to the diversification of the economy,” he said.
Advertisement
During the 15-minute speech, which was broadcast on the parliament's website, Lourenco reiterated plans to sell stakes in state-owned companies and improve transparency in a range of sectors, including the diamond industry. Popularly known as “the terminator,” the 64-year-old is one of several African leaders who have put fighting graft at the center stage of their policies, pledging to dismantle corrupt business networks that have undermined state revenue.
PRESS DIGEST-Canada - June 15
June 15 The following are the top stories from selected Canadian newspapers. Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy.
April 5 Bebe Stores Inc
* Bebe Stores Inc - On March 28, 2017, Bebe Stores, Inc. committed to close 21 Bebe Store locations - SEC Filing
* Continuing to explore options with respect to its remaining stores
* Bebe Stores - Co to incur impairment charge related to closed stores of about $2.0 million, will make termination payment to landlord of about $7.4 million Source text: [bit.ly/2oEpW8I] Further company coverage:
Get daily updates directly to your inbox
+ Subscribe
Thank you for subscribing!
Could not subscribe, try again later
Invalid Email
The duo of Kwan Shing Dee and Neil Uy combined for 160 Stableford points to emerge as the overall champion in the 40th Jose Yulo Memorial Tournament last January 27 and 28 at the Canlubang Golf and Country Club in Canlubang, Laguna.
The tandem of Christopher Yam and Jerboa Go finished second with 157 points while Tommy Sliman and Joe Sullivan finished third with 154.
Mari Hechanova and Jun Jun Plana, meanwhile, bagged the team lowest gross plum after scoring 297.
Individual low gross winners Aniceto Mandanas and Jonas Magcalayo had 142 and 144 points to finish first and second, respectively.
Jr Brillantes, on the other hand, sizzled with 133 net points to snare the individual low net title followed by Paul Shenck at second with 135.
The daily winners on North course were Toshikatsu Oka and Yuji Tokunaga (77- first day), and Rupert Manhit and Bert Dela Rama (80- second day). Finishing second at the same course were Kazuaki Omi and Masahito Nonaka (76- first day), and Rolly Viray and Kristine Torralba (77- second day).
In the South course, the top golfers were the tandem of Rudy Fulo and Jaime Bautista (82), and Chie-Fu Yeh and Robert Yao (82) while Shoichi Hoshi and Koji Yasuma (81), and Dave Hernandez and Mark Viray (81) placed second and third, respectively.
Antonio Oliver won a brand new Mitsubishi Mirage in the raffle draw during the awarding ceremonies.
The tournament was held in honor of former Supreme Court Chief Justice and late businessman Jose Yulo, who acquired Canlubang together with the Sugar Estate in 1948.
A majority of Americans believe a “deep state” that operates outside the democratic system exists within the US government and is secretly controlling national policy, according to a new survey.
Some 74 percent of respondents stated they believed the so-called deep state, a term used for a group of unelected government and military officials who allegedly manipulate the government behind the scenes, exists, according to the Monmouth Poll released Monday.
Most respondents did not know what the term meant at first, but when told stated they believed it to be real. Just 20 percent said a deep state likely did not exist.
“This is a worrisome finding. The strength of our government relies on public faith in protecting our freedoms, which is not particularly robust. And it's not a Democratic or Republican issue. These concerns span the political spectrum,” director of the independent Monmouth University Polling Institute Patrick Murray said in a statement.
The poll also found that eight in 10 Americans think the US government is actively spying on its citizens. Just 14 percent of Americans believe the US government is not spying on citizens at all.
The term “deep state” entered into the political discourse during the 2016 US presidential election.
US President Donald Trump, a Republican, has often directly used the term to attack government agencies he thinks did not fully investigate his presidential opponent, Democrat Hillary Clinton.
Since Trump's election, the term has been used by political commentators who argue that a deep state, involving the US Justice Department, former President Barack Obama and Hillary Clinton, is aiming to delegitimize the Trump presidency and thwart its policy goals.
In January, Trump accused the Justice Department of being part of the deep state. “Crooked Hillary Clinton's top aid, Huma Abedin, has been accused of disregarding basic security protocols,” Trump tweeted. “Jail! Deep State Justice Dept must finally act,” he added
Anti-corruption legislation which includes recommendations from a tribunal which investigated bribes to politicians has been passed by the Seanad.
The Criminal Justice (Corruption Offences) Bill, which had previously been passed by the Dáil, introduces new offences and tough penalties for corruption.
The legislation also gives effect to six recommendations from the Mahon tribunal which investigated alleged bribery of politicians in return for planning rezoning favours.
These include a new offence of giving a gift, consideration or advantage knowing that it will be used to commit corruption. It also presumes a donation to be corrupt where it is not disclosed, or returned in certain circumstances.
And it provides for an unlimited for companies where an individual connected with the company is found guilty of corruption.
The Bill repeals and replaces seven previous anti-corruption Acts and provides for the seizure of bribes.
Minister for Justice Charlie Flanagan described the Bill as a “robust piece of legislation with very strong penalties”.
He said that “for conviction on indictment the penalties for most offences are imprisonment for up to ten years, an unlimited fine, forfeiture of any bribe, possible forfeiture of office for public servants and elected officials and possible prohibition on seeking public office for up to ten years”.
The Minister said the legislation “represents a complete modernisation of our anti-corruption laws. It repeals Acts dating as far back as the Public Bodies Corrupt Practices Act 1889. Providing one modern statute will make the law more accessible.
“It introduces new offences for the first time such as trading in influence and a corporate liability offence whereby a body corporate may be guilty of an offence if anyone acting on behalf of that body is found guilty of a corruption offence.”
The Minister added that the Bill included many recommendations made to the State by the OECD, the EU, the Council of Europe and the United Nations monitoring bodies.
Mr Flanagan added: “In the past, corruption was often viewed as an issue of individual morality or lack of it. In more recent decades, it has been viewed as representing a systemic failure for a company, an economy or for a nation state.
“The European Commission estimates that corruption amounts to 5 per cent of global GDP. Having strong anti-corruption laws in place is essential to tackle this deep-rooted problem.”
The Bill now goes to the President for consideration.
Soccer-Di Francesco promises to bring attacking philosophy to Roma
ROME, June 14 Eusebio Di Francesco promised to bring his attacking philosophy to AS Roma as he was officially presented as their new coach on Wednesday.
Traders work on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) shortly after the opening bell in New York, U.S., March 22, 2017. REUTERS/Lucas Jackson
NEW YORK U.S. stocks turned negative and the dollar slipped on Wednesday after minutes from the Federal Reserve showed planned changes in its bond investment policy, reversing a rally spurred by a strong jobs report earlier in the day.
Most Fed policy-makers think the central bank should take steps to begin trimming its $4.5 trillion balance sheet later this year as long as U.S. economic data holds up, minutes on Tuesday showed.
"A little bit of the optimism has ebbed out of the market," said Chris Zaccarelli, chief investment officer at Cornerstone Financial Partners in Huntersville, North Carolina.
Wall Street turned negative after the minutes from the Fed's policy-setting meeting of March 14-15.
An earlier stocks rally was driven by a report from payrolls processor ADP, which showed the most workers were added in March since December 2014, pointing to further tightening of the labour market.
"It may be a bit of negative for equities and that's put in a bid for Treasuries," said Alex Manzara, vice president at R.J. O'Brien and Associates in Chicago.
The Dow Jones Industrial Average fell 41.02 points, or 0.2 percent, to 20,648.22, the S&P 500 lost 7.25 points, or 0.31 percent, to 2,352.91 and the Nasdaq Composite dropped 34.13 points, or 0.58 percent, to 5,864.48. MSCI's gauge of stocks across the globe shed 0.1 percent.
European stocks rose on the ADP report but pared gains to close flat. The pan-European FTSEurofirst 300 index fell 0.01 percent to close at a provisional 1,497.68, while the STOXX Europe 600 Index, a broad mix of companies from 17 regional countries, rose 0.02 percent.
The U.S. dollar index, which had gained after the ADP labour report, turned lower and was last down 0.1 percent.
Oil prices rose on an outage at the largest UK North Sea oil field, but gains were tempered by a surprise increase in U.S. crude inventories to a record high.
Prices rose early and then seesawed after the U.S. government reported a weekly rise in crude inventories of 1.6 million barrels. Analysts had expected a decrease of 435,000 barrels, and the build reported by the Energy Information Administration came as a double surprise after an industry group had reported a draw. U.S. crude rose 12 cents to settle at $51.15 a barrel while Brent settled up 19 cents at $54.53.
The ADP data came ahead of the Labor Department's monthly non-farm payrolls report on Friday, which includes both public and private-sector employment. Economists polled by Reuters expect the report to show U.S. employers added 180,000 jobs in March.
Benchmark 10-year notes last rose 4/32 in price to yield 2.3354 percent, down from 2.35 percent late Tuesday.
(Reporting by Herbert Lash; Editing by Richard Chang and Nick Zieminski)
BRASILIA, March 29 The Brazilian government on Wednesday announced a larger-than-expected spending freeze while opting for smaller tax breaks to meet its fiscal deficit goal.
Finance Minister Henrique Meirelles said the government will freeze 42 billion reais ($13.45 billion) in spending as tax revenues continue to disappoint as the economy slowly emerges from its worst recession in a century.
He said the freeze was larger because the government decided to temporarily drop plans to correct the calculation of debts owed by the federal government. ($1 = 3.1225 reais) (Reporting by Alonso Soto; Editing by Leslie Adler)
BRIEF-China Science Publishing & Media says dividend payment date on June 22
* Says it will pay a cash dividend of 0.033 yuan per share(before tax) for 2016 to shareholders of record on June 21
LAS VEGAS (AP) — Warner Bros. Pictures brought out the big names for its CinemaCon presentation Tuesday, from stars like Sandra Bullock to movies like "Wonder Woman 2," but it was Bradley Cooper's "A Star is Born" that stole the show.
Cooper showed the emotional first trailer for the film to conference attendees in Las Vegas to some hearty, and rare, applause from the crowd of theater owners and exhibitors.
It's the directorial debut for Cooper, who also stars in the film alongside Lady Gaga, who plays the aspiring singer. This marks the third remake of "A Star is Born," which has classic versions with Judy Garland and Barbra Streisand in the role of the ingénue Lady Gaga is playing.
"It's a big swing this movie, I totally get that," Cooper said. "But you can't control what moves you. And I always wanted to tell a love story."
Advertisement
He added that Lady Gaga is "kind of revelation in this movie."
The film is three years in the making, and features live-singing on real stages at festivals like Glastonbury and Coachella. It hits theaters on Oct. 5.
Warner Bros. teased a massive slate of films Tuesday, stressing the diversity of their lineup, of "event films, DC tent-poles, animation, first class dramas, elevated horrors and comedies."
"We love making all times of movies for all types of audiences," said Warner Bros. Pictures Group chair Toby Emmerich.
Actor Will Arnett moderated the lively presentation, riffing with "Aquaman" star Jason Momoa about whether or not the famously ripped star will "ever do a movie with his shirt on" and other stars like the women of "Ocean's 8" and the cast of "Crazy Rich Asians."
The studio showed new, and unfinished footage from James Wan's "Aquaman" and also teased new details about a few anticipated sequels in video segments featuring "Wonder Woman" director Patty Jenkins, who says the sequel will be set in the 1980s and shows Wonder Woman struggling with the "temptations of our world," and "It" director Andy Muschietti, who says "Chapter 2" will be scarier and "more intense."
"So bring your adult diapers to the theater," Muschietti said.
___
Follow AP Film Writer Lindsey Bahr on Twitter: www.twitter.com/ldbahr
Contact
TA Cook
Kerry Lenihan
***@tacook.com TA CookKerry Lenihan
End
-- The International SAP Conference for Utilities is SAP's flagship global utility industry conference. Bringing together SAP executives, solution experts, users, prospective users, partners, and more, this event is they must attend event in 2017 for business and IT professionals in the utilities industry.Co-located with the International SAP Conference for Oil and Gas – creating a global hub of over 1000 energy industry professionals – our 3 day agenda has been built to offer attendees a unique mix of in-depth learning, benchmarking, interaction and networking.Highlights will include:• An extensive array of deep-dive preconference workshops on 28 March• Keynote presentations from the Portuguese Secretary of State of Energy, Blockchain expert Professor Jens Strüker, European Commission, SAP's Peter Maier and more• Customer case studies from a range of global utilities – why did they choose SAP, what business benefits are they realizing, how have they overcome challenges?• A vibrant exhibition showcasing SAP and partner innovation• Meet the expert sessions, microforums, demos, and numerous opportunities to interact and learn• Opportunities to meet privately with SAP's executives and solution experts• Evening networking event at the beautiful Convento do Beato…. and much moreDon't miss the opportunity to join us in the beautiful city of Lisbon and truly understand how innovation from SAP is powering the next generatio utility.For further information please visit www.tacook.com/saputilities
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
BirminghamLive readers have given their wholehearted support to the army veteran granddad denied a passport by Home Office bureaucrats.
They were responding to the remarkable case of Tadeusz Polanski who came to Britain via Africa in 1951 and went on to serve six years with the Grenadier Guards - he wore the famous red jacket and bearskin hat for the trooping of the colour.
His parents had fled Poland as Second World War refugees and settled in South Rhodesia where Taduesz was born in 1944. Like those caught up in the Windrush scandal he moved to the UK while Rhodesia was still a British colony.
After his army service he settled in Birmingham, married and raised his three children and worked. He ran Haby's pet supplies shop in Kings Heath for 33 years before retiring a few months ago.
But he has been refused a British passport and told to apply to Zimbabwe and his case has been taken up by Northfield MP Richard Burden.
Now readers have joined those calling for the Home Office to hand him citizenship and a passport.
(Image: Birmingham Mail)
On Twitter, Dave Tubby said: "This is shocking. What I find so distressing about this and Windrush is that people who are citizens are essentially being told they don't matter to the UK, and that we don't owe them anything. The reality is the absolute opposite.
Daud Chow, writing on facebook, said: "He served our army, protected our elders. This man deserves a UK passport for sure."
Also posting on facebook were:
Stuart Harris, who said: "Some jobsworth in the Home Office needs the sack. This is outrageous. No doubt he has paid income tax all his working life? Stupidity reigns in Whitehall."
Anne Marie Gallagher said: "No one is safe under this gov unless they have millions - then it seems it does not matter where you were born or where you come from or how you got that money."
(Image: Birmingham Mail)
Stephanie Valentine added: "People that have been here for years worked or been in the armed forces should be allowed to stay. What May should be doing is stopping more an more people staying for good. There is not enough housing."
Alison Clarke said: "If he was in our British Army he fought for our country then he should stay and he has been paying tax. There are people that should not be in this country, look for them."
FORMER first lady Grace Mugabe's controversial University of Zimbabwe (UZ) Doctor of Philosophy degree, which was finally published last week almost four years after graduation, has been described as a mere compilation of plagiarised text and quotations, making it the biggest academic fraud of the century.
The 226-page thesis, titled The Changing Social Structures and Functions of the Family: The Case of Children's Homes in Zimbabwe, was published on the UZ website under her maiden name “Ntombizodwa G. Marufu”. Grace married Mugabe in 1996.
The online publication of Grace's research follows a petition by Sociology Department academic staff last month. The lecturers described the awarding of the doctorate as “scandalous”, saying it violated the established procedures and policies of the country's oldest university.
The Sociology Department, in a petition delivered to the Zimbabwe Anti-Corruption Commission (Zacc), said Grace's degree did not go through processes that other candidates are subjected to, thus describing it as “very suspicious”.
However, in a curious reversal, Zacc said it was no longer investigating Grace's degree amid indications of deep divisions among commissioners over the issue.
The inordinately long period it took the university to publish the thesis on its website raised eyebrows, with questions of impropriety swirling around.
Social Commentator Maxwell Saungweme described Grace's PhD as the biggest academic fraud of the century.
“It's not a PhD thesis but a mere compilation of plagiarised text and quotations from grey literature, newspaper articles, television and radio programmes. It does not contribute original ideas to knowledge. It also cites prominently very old sources such as 1978 and 1985 works. A lot of scientific reviews have been done to this literature, and academic work must cite recent scientific journals and books,” Saungweme said.
“At universities I studied in South Africa you won't be allowed to submit a master's thesis with several sources that are older than five years. Even her literature review was not comprehensive enough. Where she cited the latest sources, they were sources published after the date she supposedly submitted her thesis. In short, her supposed thesis is just a jumble of hurriedly put together sentences done to conceal academic theft. Even then, the similarity index was at over 40%. This is criminal and she must be sued for breaching copyright laws.”
He said Grace's “jumbled up” piece would not even meet the standards of an undergraduate submission.
“This scandal in itself is a disgrace to the Sociology Department, UZ and Zimbabwe,” Saungweme said.
A Rhodes University sociologist, Professor Kirk Helliker, in an article published by South African newspaper the Mail & Guardian, said Grace's thesis does not meet the minimum standard for a PhD.
“Having done a deep read of the thesis, it seems that the thesis does not meet the minimum standard for a PhD thesis, based on examiners. For a PhD thesis, some kind of original contribution needs to be made to prevailing academic knowledge. Thus, examiners ask: ‘What new knowledge has been created (theory/method/policy/practice)?',” Helliker said.
“A contribution, or new knowledge, can take on different forms, including a theoretical contribution, a contribution which enriches research methodology, or even in-depth and innovative (empirical) accounts of understudied events and people in the past or present (or policy or practice, according to the examiners — though I have doubts about the significance of this for an academic thesis).”
Helliker said while every PhD thesis has its own strengths and weaknesses, such that there may be only one main contribution, it is vital to realise that PhD theses are expected to reach a minimum standard in relation to theory, research methodology (and methods) and empirical discussions.
“One important way of evaluating the Grace Mugabe thesis is with reference to originality and, for me, it is the most insightful way. Of course, other issues are pertinent such as plagiarism. A sophisticated software programme is not necessary to check plagiarism, though it is able to quantify it: copying and pasting discussions from the thesis onto Google, and checking what comes up, is an easy alternative. I did that once, and it was illuminating,” Helliker said.
“The second point arises from the list of academic references at the end of the thesis. There are approximately 140 references listed, but only about ten of them are dated post-1999. The fact that four of the post-1999 references refer to work written by the supervisor of the thesis may or may not have any significance. The fact that a few of the 140 or so references are widely known as Sociology I textbooks is however significant.”
Political analyst Pedzisai Ruhanya, commenting on social media, criticised Grace's PhD thesis and questioned why there are citations from the years 2016 and 2017 yet, scandalously, Grace graduated in 2014. Zimbabwe Independent
Should parents be banned from posting photos of other children on social media?
An Auckland school has asked parents not to post photos of other children taken at school events without permission.
PARIS Spanish infrastructure firm Abertis (ABE.MC) is prepared to invest 4 billion euros (£3.4 billion) in its motorway network in France in return for an extension to its concessions, its chief executive said in an interview published on Monday.
Abertis, which owns 90 percent of French motorway operator Sanef, said in January it would invest 147 million euros in an investment plan put forward by the French transport ministry.
"We have identified potential investment needs relating to our network and are working on a number of proposals that represent a total of close to 4 billion euros," CEO Francisco Reynes told French newspaper Les Echos.
Reynes said the investments would be in exchange for "reasonable consideration," with the most preferable option being an extension to the concessions granted to motorway operators.
The investments would be concentrated in the region of Ile-de-France, he said.
(Reporting by Gwénaëlle Barzic; Writing by Angus Berwick; Editing by Louise Heavens)
Deals of the day-Mergers and acquisitions
June 14 The following bids, mergers, acquisitions and disposals were reported by 2000 GMT on Wednesday:
OAKLAND — Don't ask Gary Payton to wade in on the LeBron James vs. Michael Jordan debate.
“Me, I think Wilt Chamberlain and Kareem (Abdul-Jabbar) are the two best basketball players ever,” Payton said Wednesday during NBA Finals media day. “Wilt Chamberlain, by far, is my best basketball player. Best athlete ever.”
Chamberlain averaged a record 50.4 points per game in 1961-62, and Abdul-Jabbar remains the NBA's career scoring leader.
Payton said James' performances stand on their own and don't need to be measured against what Jordan achieved.
“I don't compare them — different eras. He has his era, Michael had his era. You've got two players who dominated their eras,” said the Hall of Fame guard, whose defensive prowess earned him the nickname, “The Glove.”
“LeBron is making a case for himself to be one of the greatest players to ever play,” Payton said. “People are going to say he only won three championships. Michael won six. So what? Eight straight Finals is really good.”
Payton believes the Warriors will win in four or five games, unless Cleveland's supporting players step up big.
“If the other guys don't make shots, it might be a quick series,” he said. “The pressure is on the other guys to make plays. They've got to be aggressive and they've got to perform.”
A native of Oakland who attended Skyline High School, Payton takes special pride in seeing his hometown team on this stage.
“Every year to come see (the NBA Finals) in Oakland, it just makes my city better,” Payton said.
April 20 Digital Bros SpA:
* Unit 505 Games signs agreement with Wanxin Media assigning exclusive rights to publish and distribute in Greater China market through local digital PC marketplaces Brothers - A Tale of Two Sons, Virginia and Quarantine
* The agreement provides for 50 pct royalty of net revenues to the group Source text: bit.ly/2pWijrh Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
BRIEF-Novartis says Cosentyx helped arthritis patients at 3 years
* Says Cosentyx shows sustained improvements in signs and symptoms for both active ankylosing spondylitis and psoriatic arthritis in up to 80 percent of patients at 3 years Source text for Eikon: [ID:file:///C:/Users/g195632/AppData/Local/Fastwire/Download/-67 1638335/Body.Html] Further company coverage: (Reporting By Zurich newsroom)
His nomination in peril, Veterans Affairs nominee Ronny Jackson fought Tuesday to convince lawmakers of his leadership abilities as more details of accusations against him emerged, ranging from repeated drunkenness to a toxic work environment as he served as a top White House doctor.
President Donald Trump sent mixed signals about his choice to lead the sprawling veterans' agency, suggesting during a White House news conference that Jackson may want to withdraw because of unfair scrutiny. But the president privately urged his nominee to keep fighting to win Senate confirmation, and Jackson showed few signs of backing down.
A watchdog report requested in 2012 and reviewed by The Associated Press found that Jackson and a rival physician exhibited "unprofessional behaviors" as they engaged in a power struggle over the White House medical unit. The six-page report by the Navy's Medical Inspector General found a lack of trust in the leadership and low morale among staff members, who described the working environment as "being caught between parents going through a bitter divorce."
"There is a severe and pervasive lack of trust in the leadership that has deteriorated to the point that staff walk on 'eggshells,'" the assessment found.
SIGN UP
Help us deliver journalism that makes a difference in our community. Our journalism takes a lot of time, effort, and hard work to produce. If you read and enjoy our journalism, please consider subscribing today. SUBSCRIBE TODAY
The inspector general report reviewed by The AP included no references to improper prescribing of drugs or the use of alcohol, separate allegations revealed by a Senate committee.
Jackson declined to answer reporters' questions about those allegations and gave no indication he would withdraw. The White House disputed that he had improperly administered medication, saying the medical unit passed regular audits by the Controlled Substance Inventory Board.
The audit appeared to contradict public statements from Jackson, who denied the existence of any inspector general report detailing troubling behavior.
After the Senate Veterans Affairs Committee abruptly postponed his confirmation hearing, which had been set for Wednesday, Jackson visited lawmakers to assure them he was fit to lead the VA.
"I'm looking forward to getting it rescheduled and answering everybody's questions," he said in video captured by MSNBC, referring to his hearing.
During a White House news conference, Trump insisted he would stand behind Jackson, calling the White House doctor "one of the finest people that I have met." But he questioned why Jackson would want to put himself through the confirmation fight, which he characterized as unfair.
"I wouldn't do it," Trump said in the East Room, standing next to French President Emmanuel Macron.
"What does he need it for? What do you need this for? To be abused by a bunch of politicians that aren't thinking nicely about our country?" Trump asked.
Trump said Jackson, who has been a White House physician since 2006, would make a decision soon. Jackson met privately with Trump Tuesday afternoon in the Oval Office and the president urged him to keep fighting to win confirmation, according to a White House official briefed on the meeting. The official, who spoke on condition of anonymity to describe internal discussions, said Jackson denied the allegations.
Digging in, the White House released handwritten reports from Trump and former President Barack Obama praising Jackson's leadership and medical care, and recommending him for promotion.
Obama wrote in one report, "Promote to Rear Admiral now." Trump wrote last year that Jackson is "A GREAT DOCTOR + LEADER - '2 STAR MATERIAL.'"
A doomed VA nomination would be a political blow to the White House, which has faced criticism for sloppy vetting of Cabinet nominees and tough confirmation battles in a Senate where Republicans hold a slim 51-49 majority.
Prior to Jackson's nomination, Trump had told aides and outside advisers that he was fond of Jackson personally and was said to be particularly impressed with Jackson's performance at the White House press room podium in January, when he offered a glowing report on the president's physical and mental well-being.
Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer, D-N.Y., said the American people were the losers in a shaky nomination effort. The Trump Cabinet, he said, "is turning into a sad game of musical chairs."
Trump tapped Jackson last month after firing former Obama administration official David Shulkin following an ethics scandal and mounting rebellion within the agency. But Jackson has faced numerous questions from Republican and Democratic lawmakers, as well as veterans groups, about whether he has the experience to manage the massive department of 360,000 employees serving 9 million veterans.
Allegations began surfacing late last week involving Jackson's workplace practices, including claims of inappropriate behavior and over-prescribing prescription drugs, according to two aides granted anonymity to discuss the situation. The complaints the White House heard include that he oversaw a poor work environment and that he had drunk alcohol on the job, according to an administration official who demanded anonymity to speak on a sensitive personnel matter.
The Senate Veterans Affairs Committee said it would postpone indefinitely Jackson's hearing to give it more time to sort through the allegations.
Detailing the allegations to NPR, Sen. Jon Tester of Montana, the committee's top Democrat, said more than 20 current and retired military personnel had made complaints to the committee about Jackson. They included claims that Jackson was "repeatedly drunk" while on travel with Obama and that on overseas trips he excessively handed out prescription drugs to help travelers sleep and wake up.
Tester later told CNN that Jackson was known inside the White House as "the candy man," because he would hand out prescription drugs "like candy."
Jackson is also accused of creating a "toxic work environment," Tester said on NPR.
"He is the physician for the president, and in the previous administration we were told the stories he was repeatedly drunk while on duty, where his main job was to take care of the most powerful man in the world. That's not acceptable," Tester said.
Asked if Jackson's nomination is still viable, the committee chairman, Sen. Johnny Isakson, R-Ga., responded, "We'll see."
The two lawmakers sent a letter to Trump on Tuesday requesting additional information about Jackson. It demands any communication between the Pentagon and the White House for the last 12 years regarding "allegations or incidents" involving him.
The 2012 assessment reviewed by the AP suggested the White House consider replacing Jackson or Dr. Jeffrey Kuhlman — or both. Kuhlman was the physician to Obama at the time, and had previously held the role occupied by Jackson: director of the White House medical unit.
According to the report, Jackson admitted he had failed to shield the White House medical unit from the leadership drama. He is quoted saying he was willing to do what was necessary to straighten out the command, even if it "meant finding a new position in Navy Medicine."
The report stated that the "vast majority" of those interviewed said Kuhlman had "irrevocably damaged his ability to effectively lead." It added that "many also believe that CAPT Jackson has exhibited poor leadership," but attributed those failures to the relationship with Kuhlman.
The report quoted unnamed members of the White House medical unit who, while participating in a focus group, used phrases like "Worst command ever," ''No one trusts anyone" and "The leaders are child-like." Jackson was named physician to the President in 2013, after Kuhlman left the unit entirely.
Still, a follow-up assessment was done in 2013, and found that the climate in the office had improved a great deal, according to an official familiar with the report. At that point, Jackson was still in the office, but Kuhlman had left.
Turkish foreign minister heads to Kuwait in Qatar crisis - sources
ISTANBUL, June 14 Turkish Foreign Minister Mevlut Cavusoglu was to travel to Kuwait on Wednesday evening after completing a visit to Qatar, foreign ministry sources said, in his quest to broker an end to a dispute betweeen the Gulf state and other Arab countries.
Gardaí reviewing the “Kerry babies” case have uncovered new information and gathered DNA samples from several people living in the south of the county.
The samples are being used to try to identify the parents of Baby John, who was just days old when he was found dead on White Strand, Cahersiveen on April 14th, 1984. He had been stabbed a number of times and the person responsible for the killing was never found.
In January gardaí said they had obtained “a viable DNA profile” of the baby from a sample taken in the course of the original investigation.
This profile did not link the child to Joanne Hayes, the woman wrongly suspected of being the baby's mother. The force and the Taoiseach issued apologies to Ms Hayes for the stress she had endured as a result of the case.
Supt Flor Murphy, of Killarney Garda station, who is leading the investigation, said DNA samples had been taken from a number of people and the process was continuing. He said the numbers involved were “in the double figures”.
“We are sampling people as a result of the investigation and that process will continue and is continuing,” Supt Murphy said.
Selective sampling
The sampling to determine the parentage of the child is selective and people are being approached as a result of information available to investigators. Others have also come forward in an attempt to rule themselves out.
Analysis of the samples, which have been taken voluntarily, takes a number of weeks and a number of people have so far been deemed not to be linked to the baby. While mass sampling can take place under the provisions of the Criminal Justice (Forensic Evidence and DNA Database System) Act, gardaí say this has not been employed in this case.
Supt Walter O'Sullivan, part of the serious crime review team, said gardaí would not be looking outside the Iveragh peninsula in Co Kerry for answers in the case. “The truth lies in south Kerry, in Iveragh,” he said, adding that DNA would be crucial in the case.
Supt Murphy agreed it was possible that one or both of Baby John's parents may no longer be alive or could have moved from the area. However, he said DNA from relatives, siblings, aunts, uncles and grandparents could pinpoint the boy's parentage.
Chief Supt Tom Myers, who last Friday updated the county's Joint Policing Committee on the inquiry, said investigators had interviewed “numerous people” and were acting on material from the original investigation as well as new information.
Pregnant
Ms Hayes, then 24, was charged on May 1st, 1984 with the murder of the Cahersiveen baby after gardaí arrested and questioned her. They did so when they learned she had been pregnant with a near full-term baby which had been born prior to her admission on April 14th, 1984, to Tralee General Hospital.
She had denied to hospital staff that she had had a baby and refused to tell them what had become of the baby. It later emerged that Ms Hayes had given birth on April 13th, 1984 in a field near her family's home in Abbeydorney to a baby boy who did not survive. His body was placed in a bag and left in an area near her home.
Under Garda questioning, Ms Hayes signed a statement saying she had killed her baby in the house. Other members of the family signed statements about dumping the baby's body in the sea off the Dingle peninsula, which the family later said were made under pressure.
Gardaí strenuously denied allegations by the Hayes family that they were coerced into making the statements. However, the force issued an apology for their treatment in the case more than 33 years later.
By Johnbosco Agbakwuru
ABUJA – THE Presidency Monday replied former President Goodluck Jonathan on his claims that his administration handed over to the President Muhammadu Buhari-led All Progressives Congress government a robust economy, saying what the present government met was a battered, mismanaged and corrupt economy.
The presidency also alleges that the Jonathan presided over a government that was the most monumental and tragic economic mismanagement recorded in our national history.
Former President Jonathan had at the Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, non elective convention at the Eagle Square Abuja, Saturday was quoted to have said that corruption in Nigeria is worse under the current administration of President Muhammadu Buhari against the claims by the current government that corruption was at its peak while he ( Jonathan) was in government.
Jonathan according to reports said that his government had better economic policies than the current government of President Buhari and that his government put in place structures that reduced corruption to its barest minimum and as well left behind a robust economy for the Buhari administration in 2015.
But the Senior Special Assistant to the President on Media and Publicity, Garba Shehu in a statement he entitled, “Your Excellency Dr Jonathan, this is the economy you left behind, in case you have forgotten.”, said under the previous administration, there was a boom in the oil sector with the oil prices as high as US$ 120 and relative peace in the Niger Delta.
The statement read, “With due respects to the former President Dr. Goodluck Jonathan, these are the facts about the economy you left behind, in case you have forgotten.
“I hope this will help to erase the wrong statement credited to you at your party, the PDP Convention at the Eagle Square last weekend that you handed to President Buhari a robustly healthy economy.
“To the same extent, this should also help to erase yet another false statement by Senator Ahmed Mohammed Makarfi, the Caretaker Chairman of the party, to the effect that under the previous administration there was money but now things are very hard.
“Let me start by reasserting an obvious statement, which is that the President Muhammadu Buhari administration was handed an economy ravaged by years of mismanagement and corruption.
“It is understandable that Dr Jonathon kept his comments short, because a cursory look at any sector clearly indicated that he and his Government presided over the most monumental and tragic economic mismanagement recorded in our national history.
“The oil sector boomed under his tenure, with oil prices as high as US$ 120 and peace in the Nigeria Delta. Nigeria earned unprecedented dollar revenues. Sadly,that is where the story turns sour. There is nothing to show for the revenues earned, no major capital project was completed, neither power generation, road development, rail or agriculture benefitted from the windfall earnings.
“Rather the administration presided over the diversion of oil revenues on a such a massive scale, that even without the protection now accorded to Whistle blowers, the then Central Bank Governor blew not only a whistle but a trumpet. He was hurriedly shown the door.
“Meanwhile, the acquisition by public officers and their cohorts of private jets, luxury yachts and the accumulation of expensive property portfolios world-wide continued unabated. Indeed the President once celebrated having the largest number of private jets, whilst our youth languished without jobs, our fields stood idle and our factories began the lay off of workers.
“Government simply reticulated oil revenue through personal spending by corrupt leaders, wasteful expenses and salaries. This was done rather than investing in what would grow the economy. Economies grow due to capital investment in assets like seaports, airports, power plants, railways, roads and housing. Nigeria can not record a single major infrastructural project in the last 10 years. In short the money was mismanaged.
“Such was the looting that even the goose that was laying the golden egg was being systematically starved. The direct contractual costs of oil produced, in the form of cash calls, remained unpaid. The incoming, President Buhari's welcome from the oil majors included demand for US$6Bn owed by Nigeria for oil that had already been sold or stolen.”
Continuing, Shehu said, “At the inception of the current administration, 21 States were unable to meet their salary bills and the spectre of workers arrears had commenced. The PDP solution was the raid the Ecological Fund and selectively grants N2Bn each to the PDP States.
“It was only aggressive borrowing by the Ministry of Finance under Dr Okonjo- Iweala that prevented Federal Government from also owing salaries. The economic wisdom of borrowing to pay recurrent bills is a questionable one, particularly as those paid would have included over 45,000 that have subsequently been removed by the Buhari led administration as ghost workers.
“It also included the lavish costs of chartering private jets, first class travel and other wasteful acts that have been eliminated under this administration.
“To compound the problem the government was borrowing heavily and owed contractors, and international oil companies. When this government took over we had accumulated debt back to the level it was before the Paris Club Debt Forgiveness.
“All these factors were building up to Nigeria heading for a major crisis if the price of oil fell. Nigeria did not have fiscal buffers to withstand an oil shock.
“The oil shock should and could have been foreseen. When Islamic State of Iraq and Syria, ISIS crisis started, it was clear that the United States of America wanted to cut off funds to terror groups by crashing the price of oil. When America granted permission for exploration of oil on land (Shale) the warning signs were evident, but these were ignored by Nigeria's economic managers.
“Such was the looting that even the goose that was laying the golden egg was being systematically starved. The direct contractual costs of oil produced, in the form of cash calls, remained unpaid. The incoming President Buhari's welcome from the oil majors included demand for US$6Bn owed by Nigeria for oil that had already been sold or stolen.
“At the inception of the Buhari administration, 21 States were unable to meet their salary bills and the spectre of workers arrears had commenced. The PDP solution was to raid the Ecological Fund and selectively grant N2Bn each to the PDP States.
“It was only aggressive borrowing by the Ministry of Finance that prevented Federal Government from also owing salaries. The economic wisdom of borrowing to pay recurrent bills is a questionable one, particularly as those paid would have included over 45,000 that have subsequently been removed by the Buhari led administration as ghost workers.
“It also included the lavish costs of chartering private jets, first class travel and other wasteful acts that have been eliminated under this administration.
“In summary Nigeria earned a lot of money when oil prices were high but there is nothing to show for it. Now oil prices have fallen we are suffering.”
Asking rhetorically what the previous administration could have done differently, he said, “They could have begun doing the very things that the Muhammadu Buhari administration is doing so painfully now.
“Fight corruption; sanitise the huge salary bill by eliminating payroll fraud, reduce wasteful expenses like First Class Travel and Private jets and encourage State Governments to reform their spending and build savings or investments.”
Others he said included, “Increase spending on capital projects especially on infrastructure needed to make Nigerian businesses competitive and create jobs, block the leakages that allowed government revenues to be siphoned into private hands and focus on key sectors ( apart from oil) that can create jobs and or generate revenue such as Agriculture, Solid Minerals and Manufacturing.
“If these things had been done when the oil price was as high as US$120 per barrel, Nigeria would not be in the current predicament.
“We would not be suffering now if we had no cash reserves but we had power, or a rail system, or good roads, or good housing. But we don't have money and we don't have the projects either.
“Now that the oil has fallen below those levels, it is very difficult to do what is needed but they must be done to save Nigeria. There is no other way if we want to be honest.
“If PDP were still in power they would have continued deceiving people, by borrowing to fund stealing and wastage and the problem would have simply been postponed for future generations to face.
“One of former President Jonathon's specific boasts is that dollar under him was N180 compared to today. With such a line of argument it is clear why we are where we are. With oil prices as high as $120 the average inflow of dollars each month was high, making it easy to support cheap dollars.
“However with oil price plummeting as low as $28, the fundamental laws of supply and demand dictated that the currency would need to adjust, since oil was the sole export. It is instructive to note that virtually every major oil exporter has witnessed currency adjustments with the fall in oil price.
“The Buhari administration has taken a long term strategic view of supporting a stable naira on both the supply and demand sides. President Buhari has driven Import substitution to reduce demand for dollars to buy things we can produce thereby creating thousands of rural jobs in rice and other staples.
“In addition, there is a credible plan to diversity our revenue sources away from oil, with focus on export crops as well as solid minerals, with the release of US$100M fund to develop solid mineral extraction.
“President Muhammdu Buhari has a positive and prosperous vision for Nigeria. A nation in which the natural talent and hard work of the people is being supported by an enabling environment of infrastructural development and policy reforms that will develop a firm future for our nation.
“Nigerians are looking forward and the PDP's lurking in the economic rear view mirror only underscores the resolve of Nigerians, that as far as the economy is concerned it is ‘'never again.”
REDONDO BEACH, CA--(Marketwired - Feb 15, 2017) - SECFilings.com, a leading financial news and information portal offering free real time public company filing alerts, announces the publication of an article discussing AXIM® Biotechnologies Inc.'s ( OTCQB : AXIM) recently expanded drug development pipeline.
The cannabis industry is expected to surpass $50 billion in size over the coming years, with the bio-pharmaceuticals space being among the most attractive industry subsets. The best opportunities in the bio-pharma space have broad clinical pipelines that help diversify risk and proprietary technologies that offer advantages over the competition.
AXIM Biotech has developed one of the industry's most diverse clinical pipelines with nine clinical programs in development (several have been recently added). According to its website, the company plans to launch the first of its pharmaceutical products by 2018/2019 with Phase IIA clinical data expected this year and next year.
In late-January, the company announced that it began clinical trials at Wageningen University in the Netherlands for the treatment of Irritable Bowel Syndrome (IBS) with its CanChew Plus CBD gum. The company's other clinical programs target everything from Multiple Sclerosis to Crohn's Disease using the same delivery system. These programs help diversify risk for investors and ensure the highest risk-adjusted returns over time.
Please follow the link to read the full article: http://analysis.secfilings.com/articles/151-axim-biotech-offers-the-broadest-pipeline-in-the-cannabis-industry
About SECFilings.com
Founded in 2004, SECFilings.com provides free real time filing alerts to over 600,000 registered members and offers services to help public companies grow their audience of interested investors.
Disclaimer:
Except for the historical information presented herein, matters discussed in this release contain forward-looking statements that are subject to certain risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from any future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by such statements. Emerging Growth LLC, which owns SECFilings.com, is not registered with any financial or securities regulatory authority, and does not provide nor claims to provide investment advice or recommendations to readers of this release. Emerging Growth LLC may from time to time have a position in the securities mentioned herein and may increase or decrease such positions without notice. For making specific investment decisions, readers should seek their own advice. Emerging Growth LLC may be compensated for its services in the form of cash-based compensation or equity securities in the companies it writes about, or a combination of the two. For full disclosure please visit: http://secfilings.com/Disclaimer.aspx.
Importandexports currently facilitates businesses in more than 200 countries and in multiple categories. Organisations can find manufacturers, suppliers, traders, importers, service providers etc.
importandexports 2
Media Contact
importandexports.com
7187820140
***@importandexports.com importandexports.com7187820140
End
-- Every country develops policies to foster small and medium sized enterprises. Since everyone knows their significant role in a country's growth, innovations in technology have been adopted by countries and businesses to increase the growth while sustaining the success for a long time. Among many technological advances and innovations, Online B2B Directory has come to aid and still fostering the sales, brand image and much more. Businesses from every noon and corner of the world are looking for quality products/services as well as within competitive range.India and Indian SMEs could easily fulfill such widely demands due to great quality and low prices. The considerable advantages lead high scope for business in India that attracts foreign investment in India market. In such scenarios, there is a renowned and well established B2B directory helping SMEs achieve their business goals. "importsandexport.com"is one such B2B marketplace that comes as an easy escape from traditional business processes that called resource squeezing and time consuming activities. This online directory not only offer global visibility to enterprises, but also help them develop and implement evolving technology and new business strategy to exhibit the core competence in domestic and international market. That's where, the use of the online tools provided by this leading "importers database directory" make sense.Avail benefits of vivid tools online, including product specific database searchers, business trade leads (buy/sell), sector specific classification, separate promotion of the best companies in buying/selling and many others to help in acquiring better business opportunities. Since the website makes available all the information related to companies who have potential and expertise to serve the growing demand of the global market with their quality products and prompt services. Importersandexport.com is successfully managed to create a feasible ecosystem by helping a number of suppliers turned into a buyer and vice-versa. Get your business registered today at this prominent and fastest growing Indian B2B directory. readmore @ http://www.importandexports.com/ Buyer/getbuyers
FILE PHOTO: A vehicle has its emissions tested at a smog testing facility in Oceanside, California, U.S. on September 29, 2015. REUTERS/Mike Blake/File Photo
NEW YORK A trade group for automakers said on Tuesday it hopes to reach a deal with California and the Trump administration over vehicle fuel efficiency standards.
Mitch Bainwol, chief executive of the Alliance of Automobile Manufacturers, a trade group representing General Motors Co (GM.N), Toyota Motor Corp (7203.T), Volkswagen AG (VOWG_p.DE) and others, said at a forum ahead of the New York auto show that automakers were not seeking a rollback of existing standards.
“What we want is rational, predictable, stable policy," he said. Automakers hope "that over time responsible parties will come together and have an honest conversation about what the data is."
In March, President Donald Trump ordered a review of U.S. vehicle fuel-efficiency standards from 2022-2025 put in place by the Obama administration, saying they were too tough on the auto industry.
But California opposed weakening the rules, threatened to pursue tougher standards unilaterally and could mount a legal challenge. New York has also threatened a fight.
The White House plans to hold negotiations with car companies and California. A deal would remove uncertainty for automakers, who need years of lead time to engineer future models and want uniform rules across all 50 states.
The Obama administration's rules, negotiated with automakers in 2011, were aimed at doubling average fleet-wide fuel efficiency to 54.5 miles per gallon by 2025. Under the 2011 deal, the 2022-2025 model year rules must be finalized by April 2018.
"The talk the of rollback is fallacious. What we are talking here is the nature of the slope," Bainwol said. "We will get to the Obama numbers (54.5 mpg). We will get beyond the Obama numbers. The question is when and how."
Without a deal, automakers could be forced to meet one set of standards in California and about a dozen states that have adopted its rules and other rules in the rest of the country.
Environmentalists say the rules are saving consumers billions of dollars in fuel. Dave Cooke, a vehicle analyst at the Union of Concerned Scientists, said in a blog that "fuel economy regulations have been critical in moving the needle towards energy efficiency — the auto industry is historically resistant to change, pushing back on safety improvements like airbags and seat belts."
In 2011, Obama said the rules would save motorists $1.7 trillion in fuel costs over the life of the vehicles, but cost the auto industry about $200 billion over 13 years.
(Reporting by David Shepardson; Editing by Cynthia Osterman)
April 13 Beteiligungen im Baltikum AG:
* Management board, as Beteiligungen im Baltikum is the largest shareholder in Valora Effekten Handel AG, decided to participate in AGM of Valora Effekten Handel AG on 22.05.2017 and intends to receive at least one supervisory board mandate at this annual general meeting Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Famous Dave's Of America Inc:
* PW PARTNERS LLC SAYS ON JAN 29, FAMOUS DAVE'S ENTERED STANDBY PURCHASE AGREEMENT WITH PW PARTNERS REGARDING PROPOSED NON-TRANSFERABLE RIGHTS OFFERING Source text: (bit.ly/2EyNn8W) Further company coverage:
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Click to play Tap to play
Get What's On updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Pineapples have been banned from this year's Reading and Leeds Festivals.
The fruit appears on a list of barred items including weapons, drones and fireworks.
They will not be allowed into either the arena or the campsite when the music event takes place later this month.
It is thought to be because organisers are worried that fans of the band Glass Animals could take pineapples to see them perform.
(Image: Yui Mok/PA Wire)
The group's song Pork Soda mentions "pineapples in my head".
And fans have previously carried the fruit to their gigs.
Reading and Leeds Festivals take place across the August Bank Holiday weekend .
Acts including Muse, Eminem, Kasabian and Major Lazer are on the bill.
TULSA, Okla. (AP) — A Delta Air Lines flight from Portland, Oregon, to Atlanta was diverted to Tulsa, Oklahoma, Wednesday because of an onboard disturbance involving a passenger.
Tulsa International Airport spokeswoman Alexis Higgins said Delta flight 1156 landed about 11:30 a.m. and that the passenger was removed to be questioned by the FBI.
Higgins said she did not know the nature of the disturbance and a Delta spokesman did not immediately return a phone call seeking comment.
FBI spokeswoman Andrea Anderson in Oklahoma City confirmed the agency is investigating but referred questions to the U.S. Attorney's office in Tulsa. A phone call seeking comment was not immediately returned.
Advertisement
In a statement, Delta said the flight was diverted because of an "unruly passenger" but that it landed without incident. The airline apologized to other passengers were inconvenienced because of the delay.
Higgins said the aircraft refueled and resumed the flight to Atlanta about 1:35 p.m.
March 28 Suven Life Sciences Ltd
* Says Suven Life Sciences secures a product patent in New Zealand
* Says patent is valid through 2033
* Grant of 1 product patent for new chemical entities for the treatment of disorders associated with neurodegenerative diseases Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
NEW YORK (Reuters) - Surging shale oil production in Texas and North Dakota is being felt on trading desks in Chicago, Houston and New York, where a brisk business in West Texas Intermediate crude futures is far outpacing contracts for London-based Brent crude.
As the United States approaches a record 10.04 million barrels of daily production, trading volumes of so-called “WTI” futures exceeded volumes of Brent crude in 2017 by the largest margin in at least seven years.
A decade ago, falling domestic production and a U.S. ban on exports meant that WTI served mostly as a proxy for U.S. inventory levels.
“There was a time when the U.S. was disconnected from the global market,” said Greg Sharenow, portfolio manager at PIMCO, who co-manages more than $15 billion in commodity assets.
Two changes drove the resurgence of the U.S. benchmark. One was the boom in shale production, which spawned a multitude of small producers that sought to hedge profits by trading futures contracts. Then two years ago, the United States ended its 40-year ban on crude exports, making WTI more useful to global traders and shippers.
(For an interactive graphic detailing the global impacts of the U.S. shale revolution, see: tmsnrt.rs/2EtJgen)
U.S. exports averaged 1.1 million barrels a day through November 2017, rising to an average 1.6 million bpd in the final three months. That compares to just 590,000 bpd in 2016.
As U.S. production and exports grow, global firms that increasingly buy U.S. oil are offsetting their exposure by trading in U.S. financial markets. That also gives U.S. shale producers more opportunity to lock in profits on their own production.
RIVAL EXCHANGES, SHIFTING PROFITS
The U.S. boom has reignited a competition over oil trading that began in the 1980s between two of the world's biggest exchange operators - Intercontinental Exchange, and the New York Mercantile Exchange, or NYMEX, which was acquired by Chicago-based CME Group in 2008.
For ICE and CME, energy represents the second-biggest source of revenue, trailing only stocks and interest rate trading, respectively. ICE is based in Atlanta, but is known for its European contracts after it bought London's International Petroleum Exchange and its Brent futures contract in 2001.
About 310 million U.S. crude futures contracts - worth about $16 trillion in oil - changed hands on CME's New York Mercantile Exchange (NYMEX) in 2017, far more than the about 242 million contracts in Intercontinental Exchange's Brent crude futures.
Energy products including WTI brought in $790 million in revenue for CME in 2016, the latest annual data available. Brent crude futures and options alone contributed nearly $300 million to ICE's revenues in 2016.
Since 2011, trading volumes in WTI futures have risen by about 135 million contracts, compared to an increase of about 109 million in Brent, according to exchange data.
CME has said there is a “clear trend” that the U.S. benchmark is being used more globally, in part because of growing production there and relatively stagnant output of the North Sea crude grades that underpin Brent trading.
That makes investors more likely to trade in WTI than Brent, said Owain Johnson, managing director of energy research and product development at CME.
“You know more about what WTI will look like in the next five years,” he said.
FILE PHOTO: An oil pump is seen operating in the Permian Basin near Midland, Texas, U.S. on May 3, 2017. REUTERS/Ernest Scheyder/File Photo
Jeffrey Sprecher, chief executive at ICE, dismissed the notion that WTI's global influence is rising versus Brent, calling it “a red herring.”
EXPORT SURGE LURES BUYERS
The increasing liquidity in U.S. oil futures stems partly from the surge in hedging by domestic shale producers but also from growing overseas interest, which pushed outstanding contracts to new records in 2017.
Average daily volumes in WTI futures from outside the U.S. jumped nearly 40 percent in 2017 over 2016, according to CME Group data. Foreign participation in WTI now represents about 30 percent of CME's average daily volume.
“The U.S. is reclaiming the title of being arguably the world's most relevant crude oil benchmark” because of rising U.S. exports and production, said Michael Tran, director of energy strategy at RBC Capital Markets in New York.
Purchasers worldwide say the U.S. contract may have to change, however, to reflect the price at export hubs such as Houston. Currently, WTI contracts are tied to oil deliverable at the landlocked storage hub in Cushing, Oklahoma.
More supply is coming to Gulf Coast ports from Texas, where production is now near 4 million barrels a day.
“We need a new benchmark for pricing American crude oil for export to Asia and other areas,” said Chen Bo, president of Chinese state oil trader Unipec, at an industry event in Houston in November.
Unipec is the trading arm of refiner Sinopec and the largest buyer of U.S. oil in Asia; Chinese firms bought an average of 220,000 barrels a day of U.S. crude last year.
Sources with two major trading firms said CME has approached them to gauge demand for a benchmark futures contract that would have Houston as its delivery point.
In December 2017, the NYMEX introduced a new contract aimed at the growing market of Asian buyers importing U.S. crude, such as China, the second biggest importer in 2017. The contract prices the spread between WTI and Middle-East benchmark Dubai.
The contract allows Asian refiners to better evaluate the economics of U.S. crude compared to oil elsewhere, Chen said.
The dominance of Europe's Brent and America's WTI crude futures comes despite Asia's growing share of global oil consumption, up from 27 percent in 2000 to almost 40 percent today. Europe's and North America's share of demand has declined.
A key reason for the Middle East's and Asia's failure to create an oil futures benchmark is that financial commodity trading is not well established in either region.
Middle Eastern producers are largely state-owned, and while the Dubai Mercantile Exchange (DME) was set up in 2007 to establish a new benchmark, it has so far not managed to attract enough liquidity to dominate the region.
In China, a long-delayed futures contract is expected to be launched by Shanghai's INE exchange this year, with the stated goal of becoming Asia's benchmark. But wrangling over details has undermined INE's credibility, analysts say.
That's left the United States, with its established commodity markets, operating as “the Wal-Mart of the oil market,” Tran said.
Unipol ready to support Veneto banks' rescue if everyone else does
MILAN, June 15 Italy's Unipol is ready to contribute to a state bailout of ailing regional banks Popolare di Vicenza and Veneto Banca if other financial institutions do the same, the head of the insurance group said on Thursday.
Rail passengers are being advised that services may be delayed, altered or cancelled today (Monday December 11) due to a variety of ongoing incidents.
Disruption to Gatwick Express, Southern and Thameslink services is expected until 4pm.
The various issues include:
- A broken down train outside London Bridge.
- A passenger taken ill on a train at Clapham Junction.
- Wet and snowy weather - this means for safety reasons, drivers need to travel at reduced speeds.
- A shortage of available train crew.
- A signal fault at Swanwick on the South West coast.
- Various train faults.
Southern say that on busy routes, where trains need to run to a very tight schedule, problems like these can cause knock-on delays on both the main route where the problem has arisen and on the routes that connect to it that can continue for hours afterwards.
Immigration police yesterday raided two rental homes in Phnom Penh and arrested 121 Chinese in connection with online gambling and Voice over Internet Protocol scams. Lt. Gen. Uk Haiseila, head of investigations at the General Department of Immigration, said that 121 Chinese suspects, including 19 women, were operating illegal online gambling and extorting money from the people in China via the use of VoIP in Cambodia. Heiseila said that the Chinese were arrested at about 5:30 p.m. yesterday in two rental homes in Sen Sok and Tuol Kork districts after police received reports from the Chinese Interpol. He said that according to a report by Chinese Interpol, the suspects posed as Chinese police, judges, prosecutors or bankers in China and made phone calls to extort money from people in China. Haiseila said that the arrested were Chinese mafias hiding in Cambodia. They are temporarily detained for questioning at the Immigration Department and face deportation to their country this week.
KHMER TIMES
People gather as they prepare to attend the trial of officials and ministers of the former leader of Burkina Faso, Blaise Compaore, during the first day of their trial at the justice palace of Ouagadougou, Burkina Faso April 27, 2017. REUTERS/Bonaventure Pare
REUTERS/Bonaventure Pare FOR EDITORIAL USE ONLY. NO RESALES. NO ARCHIVES
Officials and ministers of the former leader of Burkina Faso, Blaise Compaore, stand during the first day of their trial at the justice palace, in Ouagadougou, Burkina Faso April 27, 2017. REUTERS/Bonaventure Pare FOR EDITORIAL USE ONLY. NO RESALES. NO ARCHIVES
Officials and ministers of the former leader of Burkina Faso, Blaise Compaore, stand during the first day of their trial at the justice palace, in Ouagadougou, Burkina Faso April 27, 2017. REUTERS/Bonaventure Pare
Officials and ministers of the former leader of Burkina Faso, Blaise Compaore, arrive for the first day of their trial at the justice palace, in Ouagadougou, Burkina Faso April 27, 2017. REUTERS/Bonaventure Pare
Luc Adolphe Tiao (R) the last prime minister of the former leader of Burkina Faso, Blaise Compaore, looks on as he sits with other officials during the first day of their trial at the justice palace, in Ouagadougou, Burkina Faso April 27, 2017. REUTERS/Bonaventure Pare
Luc Adolphe Tiao, the last prime minister of the former leader of Burkina Faso, Blaise Compaore sits with other officials during the first day of their trial at the justice palace, in Ouagadougou, Burkina Faso April 27, 2017. REUTERS/Bonaventure Pare
Djibril Bassole, the last minister of foreign affairs of the former leader of Burkina Faso, Blaise Compaore, sits with other officials during the first day of their trial at the justice palace, in Ouagadougou, Burkina Faso April 27, 2017. REUTERS/Bonaventure Pare
OUAGADOUGOU On the eve of the trial of Burkina Faso's ousted leader Blaise Compaore, many of the people that overthrew him in a popular revolt more two years ago are dismayed by his absence - just one example, they say, of how the new era has disappointed them.
Bullets grazed Marcel Tankoano as he and other activists stormed parliament in October 2014, sending MPs dashing for the exits as they prepared to vote a measure to allow Compaore to extend his 27-year-rule.
"This trial belongs to us and it is a huge disappointment that he (Compaore) is not here," said Tankoana, head of civil society group M21. "We want him back with his arms cuffed."
Like many Burkinabes, Tankoana is proud of the role he played in the poor West African country's uprising which cost the lives of 24 protesters and stands as a rare triumph of ordinary Africans over a loathed and entrenched ruler.
More than 30 ministers face murder charges for allegedly authorising the use of deadly force against unarmed protesters in the case due to open in Ouagadougou on Thursday.
But Compaore remains in neighbouring Ivory Coast where he fled as the protests gained momentum and later acquired Ivorian citizenship. Abidjan, a staunch Compaore ally, has declined to extradite him.
Many key figures in Burkina Faso's new leadership, including President Roch Marc Kabore, were once among Compaore's closest allies, breeding concern that those ties are dampening the will to investigate past crimes.
National Assembly Vice-President Ouesseni Tamboura rejects such criticism and said the trial would be a "an important step towards cohesion". But many are sceptical.
"It's the same gang who were in power before and they won't make our lives any better," said Tiemtore Issa, sitting at the stand where he sells clothing on the streets of the capital Ouagadougou.
Emblazoned across a nearby wall as a fading reminder of the days of revolution a patch of graffiti reads: "Blaise get lost!"
LOOMING LARGE
Compaore, a protégé of Libyan leader Muammar Gaddafi, ran afoul of the international community during the brutal civil wars in Liberia and Sierra Leone, where he was accused of supporting and arming rebels responsible for mass atrocities.
By the early 2000s, however, he was seeking to give his image a makeover and rehabilitate his relations with the United States. He has denied meddling in the affairs of his neighbours.
Though he has maintained a low profile in exile, Compaore still looms large over Burkina Faso.
His spy chief attempted a coup in 2015, a year after Compaore fled, and his political party came third in legislative elections later that year.
An investigation into the death of former President Thomas Sankara, a popular leader killed in 1987 during the coup that brought Compaore to power, has yet to go to trial.
"The new rulers want to use justice when it serves them but they don't want to sink their own ship," said International Crisis Group's West Africa Analyst Cynthia Ohayon.
Little progress has yet been made on asset recovery.
"The economy was basically privatised (by Compaore's entourage)," said Luc Marius Ibriga, head of the anti-corruption body charged with investigating assets of the former government. "But the cell has not been granted the means to probe," he said, referring to the unit in his organisation running the investigation.
The economy is projected to grow by 6.1 percent this year, helped by higher gold prices. Yet blackouts and water cuts remain common.
Security, meanwhile, has deteriorated with the spread of an Islamist insurgency from neighbouring Mali.
A 2016 al Qaeda attack on a hotel in Ouagadougou killed dozens and recent months have seen an increase in rural attacks claimed by a new home-grown group called Ansar-ul Islam.
"Things are 'mouta mouta' here," said Tankoano, using an expression in the local Mossi language meaning "at a standstill".
"This is not why we risked our lives in 2014."
(Writing by Emma Farge; Editing by Joe Bavier and Andrew Heavens)
The Upper Tribunal Court has upheld a ruling in favour of Sports Direct and against HMRC's position that the retail company owed millions in EU VAT.
Typically companies selling goods to EU customers would have to adhere to the VAT rate of the buyer's country. VAT varies quite drastically across the EU – the 20% rate in Britain comes out middle of the pack, and it reaches 27% for Hungary, 25% for Denmark, Sweden and Croatia, and down to 17% for Luxembourg.
Sports Direct found a way to circumvent paying varying amounts of VAT by setting up a separate delivery company, Etail Services Ltd, which operated outside of its VAT group. When a non-UK customer purchased goods online, Etail would purchase the goods from Sports Direct, then make the delivery and charge the customer inclusive UK VAT. The retail company used this structure between 2010-2015.
While initially approved by HMRC, the structure was called into question in 2015, when HMRC requested non-binding guidance from the European Commission's VAT Committee on the arrangement. The VAT Committee found that such structures were in violation of Articles 32 to 34 of the EU VAT Directive, which led to HMRC declaring Sports Direct had wrongfully charged Etail UK VAT which it could not reclaim until it had paid any outstanding foreign VAT.
In 2016 Sports Direct took the case to the First Tier Tribunal (FTT) to challenge HMRC's position, and the FTT ultimately ruled in Sports Direct's favour, and suggested referral to the European Court of Justice (ECJ).
HMRC appealed the ruling and took the case to the Upper Tribunal Court, who upheld the FTT's ruling in favour of Sports Direct, although did not support a referral to the ECJ.
HMRC recently announced the appointment of two new director generals.
She said "plants, trees and flowers have been a source of pleasure throughout my life".
The Queen has admitted that she is “not any sort of expert on gardening” as she shared a special message to mark the 70th anniversary of BBC Radio 4 show Gardeners' Question Time.
The special-edition programme on Friday featured an item on traditional royal residence Frogmore House and Garden, in Windsor.
In a pre-recorded speech, she told listeners: “I very much hope you have enjoyed visiting Frogmore House and Garden, which holds a special place in my family's affection.
In case you missed it on @BBCGQT, here's the message The Queen recorded about Frogmore House and Gardens. pic.twitter.com/Hf55GVEJmn — The Royal Family (@RoyalFamily) October 6, 2017
“Indeed, I would echo the sentiments of Queen Victoria who, 150 years ago, rode to this dear lovely garden, where all is peace and quiet and you only hear the hum of the bees, the singing of the birds.
“These days, there is more noise from the air than in 1867, but Frogmore remains a wonderfully relaxing environment.”
She continued: “I'm not any sort of expert on gardening, but plants, trees and flowers have been a source of pleasure throughout my life.
“I have an early memory of my mother, Queen Elizabeth, being a hands-on gardener – a tradition that has been followed by other members of my family, and I know this passion is shared by your listeners, and many other people besides.
A landmark moment in the history of this programme – thanks to @RoyalFamily The Queen for hosting us at Frogmore House and gardens. pic.twitter.com/78sgGUBxyM — BBC Radio 4's GQT (@BBCGQT) October 6, 2017
“As you mark the programme's 70th anniversary, I send my congratulations, and wish you continued success.”
The programme also included interviews with the keeper of the garden and the deputy surveyor of the Queen's art by presenter Peter Gibbs.
While the house is now mostly used for entertaining, it was made popular by Queen Charlotte, consort of George III, in the 1700s.
The house contains a whole room dedicated to works of art by 18th-century flower painter Mary Moser, and the garden features a tea house later installed by Queen Victoria.
© Press Association 2017
By Nurudeen Obalola (Photo by Ganiyu Yusuf) in Uyo:
Super Eagles coach Gernot Rohr has listed the factors that will determine his starting team for Saturday's Russia 2018 World Cup qualifier against Zambia here in Uyo, Completesportsnigeria.com reports.
Rohr has a bit of a selection headache with all the 23 players he invited fit for the match in which a win for Nigeria will secure passage to the World Cup.
“The players are all ready for the Zambia challenge and will support whoever we pick to start on Saturday,” Rohr said here in Uyo.
“We'll consider each player's fitness and what happened in our last games against Cameroon when we decide on the starting 11. It's also easy these days to monitor players' performances for their clubs as there is internet.
“We also monitor the players and follow their progress with our scouting team. We will try to find the best 11 on Saturday.”
Rohr admitted that Zambia will be a tough team, but he has huge confidence in his side's abilities.
“We have a focused group of players and we all want to qualify for the World Cup. It's in our hands and we want to get the job done,” he added.
Nigeria lead African qualifying Group B with 10 points from four games and a win over their only surviving challengers will seal their spot in Russia.
Attachments area.
REVERSE ERECTILE DYSFUNCTION Within 3Days And Make Her Happy Again!! Guaranteed!!! All NATURAL! No Side-Effects! Click Here!now.
Uncover how I make $750 weekly on Facebook using never been revealed Social Media tools.
The World Film Fair is coming to New York on the 26th-31st October, 2018 and welcomes film schools, universities and students to be a part of it.
The World Film Fair is a week-long event where filmmakers and scriptwriters can meet with and show their work to companies from all areas of the film industry. There will be production companies, distributors and investors in attendance, all looking for films and projects to finance, help produce or distribute.
The World Film Fair's School and Universities Films Production Center aims to showcase emerging talent by presenting top student films and works from all over the world. Over 50 schools and universities are taking part in this competition, where winners will have an opportunity to screen their work at some of the best festivals in the world. More information about this sector can be found on the World Film Fair website at: https://worldfilmfair.com/Schools_and_Universities_Films_Production_Center
World Film Fair invites universities, schools, students and children to submit their films, concepts and projects. Students are encouraged to bring their friends and family to the Fair.
With over a thousand film production related courses in the world, the opportunities to show student work to wide audiences on a big screen are often limited. World Film Fair offers such an opportunity. All submitted works will be reviewed by the World Film Fair judging panel to ensure that only the highest standard of work is showcased.
If you are a university or film school and are interested in submitting some of your student's work to the World Film Fair for screening, please send details about the films to info@worldfilmfair.com
Universities and schools are invited to put forward what they feel are the best works from their students and recommend them to the World Film Fair.
Make the most of this fantastic opportunity and give your students the chance to see their films showcased on a big screen to all those in attendance.
BEIJING (AP) — Chinese Premier Li Keqiang appealed to Washington on Tuesday to "act rationally" and avoid disrupting trade over steel, technology and other disputes, promising that Beijing will "open even wider" to imports and investment.
"No one will emerge a winner from a trade war," said Li, the No. 2 Chinese leader, at a news conference held during the meeting of China's ceremonial legislature.
Li made no mention of a possible Chinese response in the event U.S. President Donald Trump raises import barriers over trade complaints against Beijing, but other officials say President Xi Jinping's government is ready to act.
Trump's government already has raised import duties on Chinese-made washing machines and other goods to offset what it says are improper subsidies and is investigating whether Beijing pressures foreign companies to hand over technology, which might lead to trade penalties. That has prompted fears of Chinese retaliation.
Advertisement
"What we hope is for us to act rationally rather than being led by emotions," said Li. "We don't want to see a trade war."
Commerce Minister Zhong Shan said on March 11 that China will "resolutely defend" its interests. He gave no details but business groups say Beijing might target U.S. exports of jetliners, soybeans and other goods for which China is a major market.
Asked whether Beijing might use its large holdings of U.S. government debt as leverage, the premier said its investments are based on market principles and "China will remain a responsible long-term investor."
Li promised more market-opening and other reforms as Xi's government tries to make its cooling, state-dominated economy more productive. He said Beijing will make it easier to start a business and will open more industries to foreign and private competition.
The ruling Communist Party promised in 2013 to give a bigger role to market forces and entrepreneurs who generate most of China's new jobs and wealth.
Reform advocates complain they are moving too slowly, but hope Xi, who took power in 2012, might accelerate changes after focusing during his first five-year term as party leader on cementing his status as China's most dominant figure since at least the 1980s.
"If there is one thing that will be different from the past, that will be that China will open even wider," said Li.
Beijing plans to "further bring down overall tariffs," with "zero tariffs for drugs, especially much-needed anti-cancer drugs," the premier said.
Li repeated a promise he made March 5 at the opening of the legislature to "fully open the manufacturing sector" to foreign competitors.
"We will also fully open the manufacturing sector," the premier said. "There will be no mandatory requirement for technology transfers and intellectual property rights will be better protected."
The government has yet to say how that might change conditions for automakers and other manufacturers that are required to work through Chinese partners, which requires them to give technology to potential competitors.
In a sign of Li's reduced status as President Xi Jinping amasses power, the premier was flanked by eight newly promoted economic officials, in contrast to previous years when he appeared alone at the annual news conference.
They included Liu He, a Harvard-trained Xi adviser who was named a vice premier Monday and has told foreign businesspeople he will oversee economic reform. Neither Liu nor any of the other officials spoke at the event.
The premier traditionally is China's top economic official but Xi has stripped Li of his most prominent duties by appointing himself to lead ruling party bodies that oversee economic reform and finance policy.
Each year FLY Racing develops, tests, and improves its products in a never-ending pursuit of the perfect racewear. The first to integrate The Boa® System, FLY racewear offers the unmatched comfort, performance and durability that make it an industry leader in technical racewear. For 2018 they've created their lightest, most comfortable and durable gear yet. Gear that lasts and gear that performs—ride after ride, race after race. Prepare, perform, and progress with FLY racing.
The Fly Racing Racer X Podcast comes in with Monster Energy/Pro Circuit Kawasaki's Adam Cianciarulo taking me through his 10 favorite songs of all-time and why they resonate with him.
Click HERE to listen to the show or get it from iTunes under Steve Matthes Show. If you have a smartphone, get it from the Stitcher or Pulpmx Apps.
The 2017 WDB Awards were presented by the Workforce Development Board (WDB) of Ventura County at its annual meeting June 8. The annual awards program recognizes individuals, employers, organizations and partnerships in Ventura County.
Contact
Diane Rumbaugh
***@agency2.com Diane Rumbaugh
End
-- The 2017 WDB Awards were presented by the Workforce Development Board (WDB) of Ventura County at its annual meeting June 8 at the Ventura County Office of Education. The annual awards program recognizes individuals, employers, organizations and partnerships for their extraordinary efforts to advance workforce development in the Ventura County region."This year's winners are all excellent examples of how business, government, and education successfully come together to prepare young people for well-paying careers and to strengthen the overall workforce," says Brian Gabler, Director of Economic Development/Assistant City Manager of the City of Simi Valley and Workforce Development Board member and Outreach Committee chair. "The community and our economy reap the benefits of these collaborations."Each of the four winners were recipients of the WDB Collaborative Action Award, which highlights partnerships that help to meet employer workforce needs, improves education/workforce training or supports business expansion or retention in Ventura County.The first winner is JR Bookkeeping, Inc. in Ventura. During 2016 and 2017, the company actively recruited, educated, trained and retained three job-training candidates under the Workforce Innovation and Opportunity Act (WIOA). "I was unemployed myself before starting JR Bookkeeping"says Juliana Ramirez, President and CEO. "Being able to create jobs for others and taking them through the training journey whom in return provide outstanding service to our clients, has been greatly satisfying."The second winner is the Oxnard Chamber of Commerce. The chamber's "Direct Path to Success" program was funded under a WDB Accelerator 3.0 grant. It provides expanded opportunities for businesses to interact with youth. The program created much-needed career education experiences including a Young Entrepreneurs Academy, an Intern Bootcamp for 11th and 12th graders and a Girls in STEM day for middle schoolers.The third winner is the Ventura County Civic Alliance. This collaboration of business, education, and government leaders came together to develop and construct the TECH (Test and Evaluation Collaboration Hub) center in Camarillo that helps prepare middle and high school students for a range of private industry, government, civilian and military careers aligned with engineering and aviation. "I want to acknowledge the important role the TECH center has played throughout Ventura County and the impact it is having on students who are pursuing careers in technical education," said California State Senator Hannah-Beth Jackson and Alliance member in a video message. "Future generations will be well equipped with the necessary skills they will need to advance future technologies to move our country forward."The final winner is Biodico, which specializes in clean alternative energy solutions. Its corporate offices are in Ventura with a research and development center at Naval Base Ventura County. Biodico works with WDB to create multiple on-the-job WIOA training opportunities for job seekers. "Renewable energy is a new and growing industry. There aren't training programs in academia for the type of jobs we're looking to fill including resource collection and renewable energy production and manufacturing,"says Trey Teall, Biodico vice president of operations. "It's essential that we have programs such as those with the WDB so we can train individuals to meet the increasing labor demand in the sector."Members of the WDB are appointed by the Ventura County Board of Supervisors and include leaders from business, economic development, education, labor, government and community-based organizations.###About the Workforce Development Board of Ventura CountyThe Workforce Development Board administers federal funds that help to support American Job Center locations and other free adult, youth, and employer programs and services in Ventura County. For more information, call 800-500-7705 or visit http://ventura.org/ portal/page/ portal/WIB
A Dublin man has gone on trial accused of breaking into an elderly farmer's home with two others and beating the victim with bats for a small sum of money.
Adam Marlowe (23) of Walkinstown Drive, Walkinstown, has pleaded not guilty to aggravated burglary and assaulting Malachy Turley causing him harm at Kettles Lane, Kinsealy, Dublin, on July 29, 2016.
He has also pleaded not guilty at Dublin Circuit Criminal Court to robbing €50 from the then 81-year-old complainant on the same date.
Antonia Boyle, prosecuting, read Mr Turley's Garda statement to the jury, in which he described how three men wearing homemade balaclavas broke into the man's home and attacked him. Ms Boyle explained that a witness statement can be read into the court record and taken as direct evidence when agreed by prosecution and defence.
In the statement, Mr Turley said he had been living alone at his family home since 1986 after his mother's death and rarely left the premises or received any visitors.
He said he had retired from farming a few years previously and allowed people to keep horses on his land for €100 a month.
Mr Turley described how he had woken up in the early hours of July 29th, as was usual, to have a cup of tea and a slice of apple tart.
He said he went back to bed after a half hour and was roused again from his sleep to find a man standing in his bedroom doorway.
The complainant said he grabbed his walking stick to defend himself but then saw two other “fit lads”. He told gardaí­ the men wore homemade balaclavas and carried bats, a small blade and a firearm that looked like an imitation gun.
Mr Turley said the three intruders pushed him onto his bed and beat him as they screamed: “Where's the safe, where's the safe?” He said they called him by his first name during the attack.
The complainant stated that one of the men had a “Dublin suburbs” accent and kept hitting him and demanding money while the two other attackers left the room.
“I was just lying there and taking the beating, not thinking ahead”, Mr Turley told gardaí.
He said he went unconscious at one point during the beating and that when the two intruders re-entered his room, he was pulled to the floor and his mattress thrown on top of him.
He said he heard the gang pull his bedroom apart, get hold of keys and walk out of his room. He described lying under his mattress for up to 30 minutes before he emerged.
Mr Turley said he put his mattress back on his bed with difficulty due to his bad hip and fell asleep for a time. He said he recalled thinking that if the intruders had taken his phone and car that he would be “badly stuck”.
He stated that he couldn't remember feeling pain but thought it was because he was in shock. When he got up, he found his house ransacked, €50 missing from his wallet and two small bags of coins taken from his bookshelf.
He revealed that he waited a while to ring his brother because he didn't want to disturb him so early.
Mr Turley said he received five stitches to his hand, suffered bruising to his body and was prescribed painkillers. He told gardaí that his “main concern was that this incident could have been worse” and that he didn't want anyone else to go through his ordeal.
Earlier, Ms Boyle told the jury in her opening address that Garda forensics recovered a piece of blue material in Mr Turley's bedroom and that DNA recovered from this matched the accused.
She said it was the State's case that Mr Marlowe was one of the three men who entered the complainant's house, attacked him and robbed him.
The trial continues before Judge Melanie Greally and a jury of eight men and four women.
According to a report, US President Donald Trump asked aides last year if he could invade Venezuela. Picture: Getty Images/AP
According to a report, US President Donald Trump asked aides last year if he could invade Venezuela. Picture: Getty Images/AP
US PRESIDENT Donald Trump pressed his top military aides about whether he could invade Venezuela during an Oval Office discussion last year.
His inquiry came during a discussion about imposing sanctions on the South American country as it was roiled by political and economic crises, according to a report on Wednesday.
​According to the New York Post, the suggestion stunned the aides, including Secretary of State Rex Tillerson and national security adviser H.R. McMaster - both of whom are no longer with the Trump administration - and sparked a heated debate for about five minutes last August, the Associated Press reported.
Donald Trump asked his military advisers about invading Trump asked about invading Venezuela. Picture: AP
​
General McMaster was among the advisers who explained that any military action could backfire and threaten the support the US built up with other Latin American governments to punish President Nicolas Maduro for jailing opponents and consolidating power in an effort to establish a dictatorship.
Despite the arguments against, Mr Trump persisted and brought up the successful use of the US military to invade Panama and Grenada in the 1980s.
Although the US President gave no indication he was about to call up the military, the idea appeared to remain in his head.
The next day, on August 11, Mr Trump floated the idea that he would use a "military option" to solve the escalating unrest in Venezuela that threatened security in the area.
"We are all over the world and we have troops all over the world in places that are very, very far away," the president said. "Venezuela is not very far away and the people are suffering, and they are dying. We have many options for Venezuela, including a possible military option if necessary."
Mr Trump also mentioned the proposal with Colombian President Juan Manuel Santos, the AP reported, and in September spoke to leaders of four Latin American countries at the United Nations General Assembly about it.
Eventually, Gen. McMaster was able to persuade Mr Trump of how dangerous an invasion would be.
​The White House declined comment, the AP reported, but a spokesman for the National Security Council said the US will consider all options to restore Venezuela's democracy.
The US, Canada and the European Union have slapped sanctions on Maduro and dozens of Venezuela officials over allegations of corruption, drug trafficking and human rights abuses.
This article first appeared in the New York Post and is republished with permission.
UPDATE 7-UPS shooting leaves four dead, including gunman, in San Francisco
SAN FRANCISCO, June 14 A UPS driver armed with a handgun opened fire at a United Parcel Service Inc package-sorting center in San Francisco on Wednesday, killing three people before fatally shooting himself as officers closed in.
March 28 Pacific Premier Bancorp Inc:
* Pacific Premier Bancorp announces receipt of stockholder approval and anticipated closing date for acquisition of Heritage Oaks Bancorp
* Pacific Premier Bancorp announces receipt of stockholder approval and anticipated closing date for acquisition of Heritage Oaks Bancorp
* Pacific Premier Bancorp Inc - transaction currently is expected to be consummated effective as of April 1, 2017 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
A Londonderry man has launched an online campaign to force a TV network to stop removing the Republic of Ireland from a graphic used in its coverage of the English football Premier League.
The image from the NBC network shows a map of England, Wales, Scotland and Northern Ireland – but has sea where the Republic should be.
Paul McMenamin is from Londonderry but is living in Boston, USA.
On the webpage he created on the site www.change.org, called “Ask NBC to restore the full map of Ireland on their Premier League Football coverage”, he wrote: “Ireland is an island of 32 counties. Creating a map that deletes 26 of those counties from the image is confusing and offensive to Irish people everywhere.”
“It is ridiculous,” wrote one person. “You can't delete a land mass.”
They added that either the Republic should be restored to the graphic, or Northern Ireland, Scotland and Wales should be cut.
Feb 2 (Reuters) - CREVAL:
* CREVAL SAYS COMMERZBANK AND JEFFERIES AND KEEFE, BRUYETTE & WOODS AND EQUITA SIM , JOINED UNDERWRITING SYNDICATE FOR SHARE CAPITAL INCREASE
* CREDITO VALTELLINESE - SENIOR BOOKRUNNERS, BOOKRUNNERS JOINED UNDERWRITING SYNDICATE FOR SHARE CAPITAL INCREASE OF CREVAL GROUP FOR EURO 700 MILLION​ Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
British Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson gestures during a joint press conference with Greek Foreign Minister Nikos Kotzias (not pictured) following their meeting at the Foreign Ministry in Athens, Greece, April 6, 2017. REUTERS/Alkis Konstantinidis
British Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson and Greek Foreign Minister Nikos Kotzias gesture to each other during a press conference, following their meeting at the Foreign Ministry in Athens, Greece, April 6, 2017. REUTERS/Alkis Konstantinidis
British Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson answers a question during a joint press conference with Greek Foreign Minister Nikos Kotzias (not pictured) following their meeting at the Foreign Ministry in Athens, Greece, April 6, 2017. REUTERS/Alkis Konstantinidis
British Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson looks on during a joint press conference with Greek Foreign Minister Nikos Kotzias (not pictured) following their meeting at the Foreign Ministry in Athens, Greece, April 6, 2017. REUTERS/Alkis Konstantinidis
British Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson answers a question during a joint press conference with Greek Foreign Minister Nikos Kotzias (not pictured) following their meeting at the Foreign Ministry in Athens, Greece, April 6, 2017. REUTERS/Alkis Konstantinidis
ATHENS Britain could allow free movement of people from the European Union during an implementation phase after Brexit to allow the economy to attract talented people, Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson said on Thursday.
When asked by Reuters TV if Britain would accept full free movement of people during an implementation phase, Johnson said this was possible, and could be agreed before Britain left the EU in two years' time.
"Ideally I think it could be done, what with goodwill and imagination it could be done as fast as – I think it can be done in two years," Johnson told reporters in Athens. "In the last 10 years I have been one of the few British politicians to speak up on the benefits of immigration," he said.
Johnson added that he did not want to discourage talented people from coming to Britain, but said the government wanted control over flows.
"We don't want to close the doors. We simply want to have a system that is balanced," he said.
The comments from Johnson are more explicit than a suggestion from Prime Minister Theresa May that free movement be continued during a phase after Brexit when Britain and the EU implement their divorce accord.
Concern over immigration from the European Union was a major reason behind Britain's vote to leave, and May has said she will respect those fears by not seeking membership of Europe's single market which would mean allowing freedom of movement of people.
(Reporting by Renee Maltezou, writing by Michele Kambas and Guy Faulconbridge, editing by David Milliken)
Canadian mining company NGEx has announced that it will conduct a prefeasibility study (PFS) on the Josemaría copper project, in San Juan, Argentina, evaluating the potential to develop an openpit mine and process plant.
The deposit is currently part of the company's Project Constellation preliminary economic assessment, which evaluated a combined project starting with an openpit mine at Josemaría, followed by underground development of the company's nearby Los Helados deposit.
Advertisement
The Constellation PEA remains one potential development scenario for NGEx's projects, the company said on Tuesday, but it noted in a statement that the PFS was expected to highlight the full potential of the Josemaría project.
The PFS will target mining all the Josemaría resource, rather than the 37% contemplated by Project Constellation.
Advertisement
Josemaría contains an indicated resource of 150-million tonnes at 0.56% copper and 0.38 g/t gold for a copper equivalent grade of 0.76%. It has the potential to produce an average of 185 000 t/y of copper, 345 000 oz/y of gold and 1.2-million ounces a year of silver in the first five years of production.
NGEx CEO Wojtek Wodzicki stated that the PFS economics were expected to benefit from the recently proposed decrease in the Argentine corporate tax rate from the 35% used in the Constellation PEA to 25% starting January 1, 2020. Further, NGEx's attributable share of the net present value of the PFS project will be 100% compared with 60% of the Constellation PEA project following the company's buyout of its Japanese partner's interest in Josemaría in 2017.
“The quality of the existing data means that the PFS can be fast-tracked and we expect to present the results of the study by early 2019. Once the PFS is complete, we intend to move the project forward as quickly as possible towards permitting and development," Wodzicki said.
The Dubai Duty Free Irish Open teed off with its pro-am tournament in Ballyliffin, Co. Donegal on Wednesday.
To launch our special Irish Open gallery of 42 photos click on the square icon in the bottom left corner of the image above or, click on the link, also above.
This year's Irish Open will see defending champion John Rahm compete with the likes of Rory McIlroy and Graeme McDowell for a share of the $7m prize fund.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Tamworth Borough Council has been forced to suspend bin collections across the town due to the snow and icy conditions.
The council says it aims to organise collections for “as soon as possible” but that it won't be today (Monday).
An update reads: “Bin collections suspended in Tamworth today due to icy conditions. We will aim to get back asap but please ensure your bin is back out tomorrow in case we are able to return. Thank you.”
North Warwickshire Borough Council has also been forced to cancel its collections, saying: "Due to the adverse weather conditions, bin collections will not take place today MONDAY.
"We apologise for any inconvenience caused and thank you for your patience. For regular service updates visit northwarks.gov.uk/severeweather."
Meanwhile Staffordshire County Council's fleet of gritters have been working to fight snow and ice.
Helen Fisher, Staffordshire County Council's cabinet support member for Highways and Transport, said: “The snow flurries lingered longer than expected, so we carried on ploughing as necessary, as well as gritting across the network.
“The day shift reported at 6am today and will carry on as necessary to keep the roads running today and tonight, but people should take care and drive appropriately for the conditions.
“The gritting crews have been working round the clock since Friday, in very difficult conditions, and I'm grateful for all their hard work.”
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
John Cena's made this huge declaration of love about Nikki Bella before shock split
Just months before calling off his wedding to Nikki Bella, John Cena told Heart that he couldn't imagine his life without her - and that she had "soothed the savage beast within" him.
WWE fans were shocked last week when the wrestling couple cancelled their May 5 wedding just weeks ahead of the big day.
While no official reason for the wrestling pair going their separate ways has been given, it was reported in the US that Nikki, 34, called things off as she felt she was dragging her action star fiancé, 40, down the aisle.
A source told People: "He was making it abundantly clear that he was going into this gritting his teeth the whole way.
“Nikki is an amazing, talented, strong, one-of-a-kind woman. Anyone would be lucky to have her in their life — yet John acted more and more like he was doing her a favor by somehow conceding to go ahead and marry her.
Fans were surprised the couple called it quits (Image: Getty)
“[Nikki] doesn't need a pity proposal, a pity wedding, a pity husband. She's a phenomenal, tremendous woman."
However, when Trainwreck star John visited Heart in December 2017, he appeared to be anything but reluctant to tie the knot.
He explained that getting engaged to Nikki in the ring at Wrestlemania 33 was his favourite moment of 2017, and that saying 'I Do' would be his stand out moment this year.
Elaborating on the WWE Superstars' relationship, he also explained how he had gone from being unsure about marriage to being head over heels in love with Nikki, real name Nicole Garcia-Colace.
John said: "We had talked and she had a very different stance to me.
"I was thoroughly against it. What a difference time and a relationship can make.
"It wasn't just nagging reminders it was a very genuine sense of Nicole's commitment to family and how she views relationships in general.
"This was all brand new to me, she sort of soothed the savage beast, if you will, and I can't imagine my life without her. I can't see why we shouldn't do this. It's a fantastic time in both our lives and I can't live without her."
John, who was previously married to Elizabeth Huberdeau from 2009 to 2012, also explained to Heart that he had a very negative attitude to relationships and romance, something which played out on Nikki and her twin sister Brie's reality show Total Divas.
He said: "My life has been a series of challenges and a lot of failures, and with every failure I've developed this never give up attitude, which is genuine.
"You dust yourself off and get back in the game. For a while I had the longest feeling like that about relationships like that they weren't built to last."
But meeting Nikki changed his mind - and his life. And although viewers of the twins' reality show were horrified to see him hand his then girlfriend a 75 page contract before she moved in to his house, he seemed to have finally relaxed in to being in a committed relationship.
He said: "It's weird and so cliche and so Hallmark that everyone says ‘when you find the right one you just know' , and then boom I'm hit smack in the face by the right one.
"I'm not afraid to say that I'm in love.
"I think when you get to a point where you go through your daily routine and you wish you shared moments wth this person as you're worlds apart, and when you're with the person you can't imagine your existence without that person, that's a life changing situation.
"I'm glad to have experienced it."
Rising application scope in dietary supplements and food & beverages industry due to its benefits associated with immune system and cardiovascular health will stimulate global market size growth. Offering antioxidation in the body by deactivating free radicals is among the key trending factors fueling product penetration in consumer diet.
Carotenoids Market size is set to exceed USD 300 million by 2024; according to a new research report by Global Market Insights, Inc.
Easy availability and comparatively less production cost makes the synthetic carotenoids market size a dominant industry segment. However, rising health consciousness pertaining to synthetic ingredients in food and personal care products will continue strengthening the drive for natural ingredients.
Get Sample Copy of This Report @ https://www.gminsights.com/request-sample/detail/855
Animal feed applications accounted for over 30% of the global demand in 2015. Increasing palatability, high nutrient content, and animal sense organs enhancement has fueled product demand in this segment. Growing consumer demand for healthy appearance meat and standardized coloring in chicken, eggs, and salmons will foster industry growth.
Latin America, led by Argentina and Brazil carotenoid market will witness significant gains. LATAM accounted for over 4% of the global industry share in 2015. Income upliftment in middle class population, changing lifestyle, well-informed & more demanding consumers are driving products demand in Peru and Chile as well. Brazil is foreseen to be an attractive market in terms of raw material availability and strong supply chain network in the U.S.
Beta-carotene market size generated over USD 40 million in sales for 2015, and the product is foreseen to witness 4% growth. Maintaining eye & skin health, curing cardiovascular disease with addition to the product in diet will fuel product demand.
Health risks pertaining to increase in creatine, lessening in vertical flight execution, and a skeletal muscle breakdown indicators are key factors driving industry towards more specific regulatory compliances and labelling guidelines. Natural carotenoids market size may see over 4% gains up to 2024. Germany, France, UK, and the U.S. are key contributing countries favouring bio ingredients industry expansion.
Germany beta carotene market size was over USD 4 million in 2015. Positive indicators from medical industry for curing macular degeneration, cataracts, and preventing heart diseases fueled beta carotene demand. Healthcare industry expansion along with rise in consumer affordability have positively influenced regional growth in this segment.
Asia Pacific market share will witness significant gains in cosmetics application increasing at 5% CAGR. Technological advancement, increasing application scope in nutraceuticals and cosmetics is driving overall regional demand.
Browse Full Report Details @ https://www.gminsights.com/industry-analysis/carotenoids-market
Lycopene market was worth over USD 15 million in 2015. Strong application scope in pharmaceuticals and cosmetics owing to properties including preventing diabetes, age-related macular degeneration and protection from sunburn has enhanced product demand.
Middle East & Africa nutraceuticals market has witnessed notable growth. GCC countries dominates the industry, increase in the geriatric population will propel the product demand for health supplements.
Global market is fragmented in nature and dominated by DSM and BASF holding about 50% of global capacity.
In terms of geographic presence other major companies include, Allied Biotech, Chr. Hansen, Brenntag, Carotech, Cyanotech, Divis Laboratories, Naturex SA, D.D. Williamson, and LycoRed.
Contact Us:
Arun Hegde
Corporate Sales, USA
Global Market Insights, Inc.
Phone: 1-302-846-7766
Toll Free: 1-888-689-0688
Email: sales@gminsights.com
Web: https://www.gminsights.com
Explore Our Blog @ http://algosonline.com/news
Germany's Merkel says EU ready to negotiate Brexit, no change seen
MESEBERG, Germany, June 14 German Chancellor Angela Merkel said on Wednesday the European Union was ready to start negotiating with Britain about its exit from the EU on June 19, as planned, saying she assumed that the talks would proceed despite last week's parliamentary election in Britain.
Global Telemedicine Market is expected to grow at a CAGR of 16.8% and reach USD 56,738.3 by 2023. Increasing adoption of Electronic Health Record (EHR)/ Electronic Medical Record (EMR), rising prevalence of chronic diseases like diabetes, cancer, besides others followed by a dearth of physicians in the presence of increasing healthcare services demands drives the Global Telemedicine Market. However, the high cost of implementing telemedicine systems and the need for training along with stringent government regulations is estimated to restraint the market growth during the projected period.
To Explore More, Get PDF Sample Copy @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/sample_request/2216 .
Key Players for Global Telemedicine Market
The key players for the Global Telemedicine Market are AMD Global Telemedicine, Inc., CardioNet, CareClix, Cerner Corporation, Cisco, GENERAL ELECTRIC, IBM Corporation, Intel Corporation, Iris Telehealth, Koninklijke Philips N.V., Medtronic, SHL Telemedicine, TeleVital, Aerotel Medical Systems, Allscripts Healthcare Solutions, Cardiocom, Honeywell Lifesciences, Tunstall Healthcare, Care Innovations, Medvivo Group Ltd., Aerotel Medical Systems Ltd., and others.
Segments for Global Telemedicine Market
The Global Telemedicine Market is segmented on the basis of service type, component, deployment, application, and end user.
On the basis of the service type, the market is segmented into telenursing, telepharmacy, teleradiology, teledermatology, tele-oncology, others. On the basis of the component, the market is categorized into software and hardware. The software segment is sub-segmented into integrated software and standalone software. The hardware segment is sub-segmented into monitors and medical peripheral devices. On the basis of the deployment, the market is segmented into cloud-based and on premises. On the basis of the application, the market is segmented into cardiology, ophthalmology, psychiatry, radiology, dermatology, and others. On the basis of the end user, the market is segmented into hospitals, clinics, home care.
Regional Analysis for Global Telemedicine Market
The Americas dominate the Global Telemedicine Market due to the presence of a well-developed healthcare sector, increasing adoption of healthcare IT. According to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention in 2017, approximately 86.9% of the office-based physicians used EMR/EHR system
Europe stands second in the Global Telemedicine Market owing to increasing adoption of new technologies in the healthcare sector and increasing government support to address the healthcare demands. According to the Parliamentary Office of Science and Technology in 2016, the Integrated Digital Care Fund awarded approximately 63 million to NHS Trusts for facilitating the adoption of electronic health records.
Asia Pacific is estimated to be the fastest growing region due to a huge patient pool and growing telemedicine sector. Moreover, the presence of continuously developing economies like India, China and Australia within the region fuels the market growth. According to the Indian Brand Equity Foundation in 2017, telemedicine sector was estimated to be a fast emerging sector in India. The Indian Telemedicine Market is estimated to reach USD 32 million by 2020.
The Middle East & Africa has the least share in the Global Telemedicine Market due to the presence of poor economies, lack of healthcare services and stringent government policies, especially within the Africa region. It is estimated that a majority of the market of the Middle East & Africa is held by the Middle East.
Get Prime Discount on Report @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/check-discount/2216 .
Some Brief Table of Contents of Report
Chapter 1. Report Prologue
Chapter 2. Market Introduction
2.1 Definition
2.2 Scope Of The Study
2.2.1 Research Objective
2.2.2 Assumptions
2.2.3 Limitations
Chapter 3. Research Methodology
3.1 Introduction
3.2 Primary Research
3.3 Secondary Research
3.4 Market Size Estimation
Chapter 4. Market Dynamics
4.1 Drivers
4.2 Restrains
4.3 Opportunities
4.4 Challenges
4.5 Macroeconomic Indicators
4.6 Technology Trends & Assessment
Chapter 5. Market Factor Analysis
5.1 Porters Five Forces Analysis
5.1.1 Bargaining Power Of Suppliers
TOC Continued…
LIST OF TABLES
TABLE 1 GLOBAL TELEMEDICINE MARKET, BY SERVICE TYPE 2014-2023 (USD MILLION) 44
TABLE 2 GLOBAL TELEMEDICINE MARKET, FOR TELE-NURSING 2014-2023 (USD MILLION) 45
TABLE 3 GLOBAL TELEMEDICINE MARKET, FOR TELE-PHARMACY 2014-2023 (USD MILLION) 45
TABLE 4 GLOBAL TELEMEDICINE MARKET, FOR TELE- RADIOLOGY 2014-2023 (USD MILLION) 45
TABLE 5 GLOBAL TELEMEDICINE MARKET, FOR TELE-DERMATOLOGY 2014-2023 (USD MILLION) 46
TABLE 6 GLOBAL TELEMEDICINE MARKET, FOR TELE-ONCOLOGY 2014-2023 (USD MILLION) 46
TABLE 7 GLOBAL TELEMEDICINE MARKET, BY COMPONENT 2014-2023 (USD MILLION) 48
TABLE 8 GLOBAL TELEMEDICINE MARKET, FOR SOFTWARE 2014-2023 (USD MILLION) 49
TABLE 9 GLOBAL TELEMEDICINE MARKET, FOR HARDWARE 2014-2023 (USD MILLION) 49
Continued..
LIST OF FIGURES
FIGURE 1 RESEARCH PROCESS 20
FIGURE 2 PORTER'S FIVE FORCES ANALYSIS: GLOBAL TELEMEDICINE MARKET 30
FIGURE 3 VALUE CHAIN ANALYSIS: TELEMEDICINE MARKET 32
FIGURE 4 GLOBAL TELEMEDICINE MARKET, BY SERVICE TYPE 2016 & 2023 (USD MILLION) 44
FIGURE 5 GLOBAL TELEMEDICINE MARKET, BY COMPONENT 2016 & 2023 (USD MILLION) 48
FIGURE 6 GLOBAL TELEMEDICINE MARKET, BY DEPLOYMENT 2016 & 2023 (USD MILLION) 51
FIGURE 7 GLOBAL TELEMEDICINE MARKET, BY APPLICATION 2016 & 2023 (USD MILLION) 54
Continued…
Get Complete Access of Report @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/reports/telemedicine-market-2216 .
About Market Research Future:
At Market Research Future (MRFR), we enable our customers to unravel the complexity of various industries through our Cooked Research Report (CRR), Half-Cooked Research Reports (HCRR), Statistical Report, Continuous-Feed Research (CFR), and Market Research & Consulting Services.
Contact Us:
Market Research Future
Hadapsar, Pune – 411028
Maharashtra, India
Phone: +1 646 845 9312
The competitive retro gaming scene has been rocked by scandal once again. Less than a week after Todd Rogers was stripped of his world record time in the Atari 2600 game Dragster over claims that his score of 5.51 seconds was technically impossible (the record had stood for 35 years), the spotlight has turned to a far more prominent figure in the competitive gaming community.
Billy Mitchell, an arcade legend and one of the most polarizing characters in the 2007 documentary The King of Kong: A Fistful of Quarters, is now under the microscope over claims that some of his high scores in Donkey Kong were generated in MAME – an open-source arcade emulator – and not on original arcade hardware.
Allegations and evidence (lots of animated GIFs) against Mitchell were recently published on the Twin Galaxies forum by user Xelnia, whose real name is Jeremy Young. Xelnia's case largely boils down to the technical differences in how the game is rendered on screen on an original hardware cabinet and through the MAME emulator.
The use of MAME isn't forbidden with regard to Donkey Kong world record scores; the issue seems to be that Mitchell allegedly tried passing off runs conducted in MAME as having been done on original hardware (MAME runs go through a different approval process).
For a full technical breakdown of Xelnia's claim (and the community's response), please do check out his post on Twin Galaxies.
Xelnia also happens to be the moderator of Donkey Kong Forum and has removed Mitchell's score of 1,062,800 from the Donkey Kong Forum high score list. What many in the community are waiting to see, however, is how Twin Galaxies will approach the matter.
The organization's stance as of press time is as follows:
"Twin Galaxies is in the process of fully-reviewing the compelling evidence provided by Jeremy Young to support his current score dispute case against Bily Mitchell's Donkey Kong score. We will do this thoroughly and impartially. In the meantime we will continue to observe this discussion by experts in the community and will also examine any further evidence that may be provided during this review period."
Young director's critically-acclaimed film a labor of passion, dedication
While most young adults his age are still trying to figure out who they are and what they want, 25-year-old Mikhail Red is already out in the world to promote his movie masterpiece “Birdshot,” which Variety called “gripping” and “impressive“ among a long list of praises.
Even more admirably, Red was only 22 years old when he filmed his coming-of-age thriller and only 24 when the film made its world debut and bagged the Best Picture award in the Asian Future Film section of the 29th Tokyo International Film Festival.
Fifteen international film festivals later, Birdshot came home for its Philippine premier, and as the official opening film of the 2017 Cinemalaya Independent Film Festival. The movie-going public will have its chance to catch the masterpiece beginning tomorrow as it is one of the featured films of the first Pista ng Pelikulang Pilipino (PPP).
The long route
Birdshot tells the story of Maya (Mary Joy Apostol), a young Filipino teenage girl who lives in an isolated countryside with his father Diego (Ku Aquino). Wanting her to be able to fend for herself, Diego teaches Maya how to hunt and shoot but consequently warns her never to cross the border. Unfortunately, Maya wanders into the boundaries of a Philippine reservation forest and mistakenly shoots and kills a critically endangered Philippine Eagle.
As local authorities, led by a new and idealistic policeman Domingo (Arnold Reyes) and his veteran superior Mendoza (John Arcilla), begin a manhunt to track down the poacher of the national bird, their investigation leads them to an even more horrific discovery.
Red's inspiration was a news article that he had come across in 2013 about a farmer who mistakenly shot, cooked and ate an endangered Philippine Eagle. The farmer reasoned that he did not know the act he committed was illegal. For Red, uncertain situations like this and moral ambiguity are his fuel to go explore a story.
“I like morally ambiguous situations where there's no real protagonist and antagonist, it's just people in these complex situations where they are forced to make these very gray decisions just to survive. I like plots like that because it's more dramatic, more emotional—you don't know who to root for, what's going to happen next and who's the victor in the end, cause there's no real protagonist,” Red shared in an interview after his film's exclusive preview.
Red had the concept and produced an “ambitious” script he co-wrote with his cousin Rae in 2014 with an acknowledgement that he would need a sizeable amount of resources to produce the film according to his standards.
With that, Red submitted his film to the Doha Film Institute which grants international film funding. Luckily, Birdshot got the seed money and opened the door for Red and his team to attract more investors for their film, including TBA Studio's Fernando Ortigas and E.A. Rocha of “Heneral Luna” fame and CJ Entertainment of South Korea. In total, Birdshot was made out of a P14-million budget.
For 23 days, Red and his team of creatives and actors shot the film in Isabela—where the isolated cornfield and lone kubo were built from scratch—Rizal, Fairview and Davao.
Moreover, the young filmmaker knew from the onset that he wanted to showcase the Philippine countryside, where previous internationally-acclaimed movies were set.
“I wanted to show that we have a beautiful country, I wanted to take it out of the gritty city to show our beautiful landscape, the countryside. That's one part of Birdshot, showing two sides of the coin: we have beautiful environment but there's a sort of darkness within that society,” Red told The Manila Times on the sidelines of the movie preview.
As such, Red was also precise with his vision for the movie that besides the location, he was proud to reveal that every aspect of the movie—including color, tone and texture—was deliberate and calculated to complement the genre-bender film.
Hybrid film
All these elements intact, Red—a second generation filmmaker, having award-winning Raymond Red for a father—proudly declared his masterpiece as a hybrid film.
“In Birdshot, I made sure that my philosophy as a filmmaker is present so there's a multiple layer to it. On the surface layer it's a genre movie, a mystery thriller with suspense, action, with people dying and people being chased. But as you go deeper, you'll see the other subtexts and layers that have social relevance and are important especially in our society nowadays,” Red expounded.
“Sometimes you even earn that through multiple viewings where you will see things that you haven't seen and paid attention to before,” the young filmmaker, who started making short films as a teenager, added.
With its multi-layered story, Red believes that Birdshot has something for every audience—even the general movie-going public who will flock PPP for the next seven days—and that it can “cover all bases.”
Finally, the director also admitted that it's a very risky film to make, especially in the age where romantic comedy and horror genre rule the box office.
“It's very rare to find a mystery-thriller film nowadays but I think we need to make films like this to diversify the cinema. If filmmakers like me who make risky films didn't exist you only have one choice all the time, one genre to look at. I am the minority that's why I hope people can watch and support films like this,” Red ended, almost hopefully.
Sodium Dodecylbenzenesulfonate Market: Overview
The primary function of sodium dodecylbenzenesulfonate is to act as a surfactant in a detergent. It falls under the class of alkyl benzene sulfonates and is one of the commonly used synthetic anionic surfactants in detergent powders and formulations. The class of alkyl benzene sulfonates is sometimes known as detergent alkylate.
Read Report Overview @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sodium-dodecylbenzenesulfonate-market.html
Sodium dodecylbenzenesulfonate is an anionic surfactant; therefore, it possesses negatively charged hydrophilic group. Anionic surfactants are the widely used type of surfactants in shampoos and laundering and dishwashing liquids. They are preferred especially because of their property of keeping the dirt away from fabrics once it is removed.
Sodium dodecylbenzenesulfonates are the type of anions that can exist in six isomers (with the exception of optical isomers). This property is contributed by the carbon of dodecyl chain that is attached at the fourth position on the benzene sulfonate group. Sodium dodecylbenzenesulfonates are generally produced as a mixture of these related sulfonates.
Sodium dodecylbenzenesulfonate, with chemical formula C12H25C6H4SO3Na, is colorless salt. It is a sodium salt of dodecylbenzene sulfonic acid. The commonly implemented method for production of sodium dodecylbenzenesulfonate is as follows: First, benzene is alkylated by dodecene (a long chain monoalkene) with the help of catalyst hydrogen fluoride. Then, the purified dodecylbenzenes (and related derivatives that are formed) are sulfonated with sulfur trioxide to produce sulfonic acid. This sulfonic acid is afterward neutralized with sodium hydroxide.
Request Report Brochure @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=B&rep_id=20924
Sodium Dodecylbenzenesulfonate Market Trends
Most sodium dodecylbenzenesulfonates belong to the lineal alkyl benzene sulfonates group, which means that the dodecyl group (C12H25) is unbranched. There exists linear as well as branched isomers. However, branched isomers take more time to biodegrade in comparison to the linear ones. This trend is supported by studies that propose that biodegradability is influenced by the isomerization (branching). It is found that the salts formed by linear isomers are more toxic than branched ones, but the former compounds are able to biodegrade far more rapidly than the latter, which makes them a safer choice over time.
About Us
Transparency Market Research (TMR) is a global market intelligence company providing business information reports and services. The company's exclusive blend of quantitative forecasting and trend analysis provides forward-looking insight for thousands of decision makers. TMR's experienced team of analysts, researchers, and consultants use proprietary data sources and various tools and techniques to gather and analyze information.
TMR's data repository is continuously updated and revised by a team of research experts so that it always reflects the latest trends and information. With extensive research and analysis capabilities, Transparency Market Research employs rigorous primary and secondary research techniques to develop distinctive data sets and research material for business reports.
Contact
Transparency Market Research
State Tower,
90 State Street,
Suite 700,
Albany NY – 12207
United States
Tel: +1-518-618-1030
USA – Canada Toll Free: 866-552-3453
Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com
Website: http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com
The market research highlights fundamental frameworks on Global Automotive Pop-up Sunroof Market gives the exhaustive affiliation between past and current market trends to predict future market values and tendencies of the market. The report is a well-defined and in-depth research of market along with the market status, growth rate, and trends. The market report comprises historical, current, and projected revenues for each sector, segment, end-user segment, and region. The key manufactures/business entities covered in the report Webasto, Inalfa, Inteva, Yachiyo, Mobitech, Aisin Seiki, Wanchao, Mingfang Automotive Parts, Johnson Manufacturing, Motiontec, Shenghua Wave Group, Donghee, Jincheng, DeFuLai.
The report begins with introducing the global Automotive Pop-up Sunroof market and segmentation analysis such as depend on the most significant dynamics containing drivers of the market, constraints, risks, opportunities, current trending factors, PEST and PROTER'S Five Forces survey, applications, topographical region markets, and competitive landscape. Macroeconomic and microeconomic features that currently overcome and also those that are witnessed to appear are involved in Automotive Pop-up Sunroof report. The research analysts working on the report have strongly analyzed expected changes in policy, industry news and expansions, and opportunities and trends – this information can be utilized by companies to extend their market existence.
Request for Sample Report @ https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-automotive-pop-up-sunroof-market/5905/#requestforsample
The report is actually made up of a combination of the important and the pertinent info of the worldwide market, for instance, key things responsible for the variation of demand with its services and products. The report states pioneering new developments and technological advancement, which empower our customers to structure they are long-term primarily based on innovative developments; settle on informative businesses options and also to perform the necessary fundamentals. The report provides the main region, market conditions with the product price, profit, capacity, production, supply, demand, and market growth rate and forecast etc. This report also Present new project SWOT analysis, investment feasibility analysis, and investment return analysis.
Geographically, this report is portioned into a few key Regions, with generation, utilization, income (million USD), piece of the pie and development rate in these areas, from 2018 to 2025 (gauge), covering United States, China, Europe, Japan, Southeast Asia, India and Rest of World.
Automotive Pop-up Sunroof Market Analysis by Product Type Segmentation: Power Sunroof, Manual Sunroof.
Automotive Pop-up Sunroof Market Analysis by Application Segmentation: SUV, Sedan & Hatchback, Other Vehicle.
Key points in the Automotive Pop-up Sunroof Market Report:
1) To gain insightful analyses of the Market and have a comprehensive understanding of the global market and its commercial landscape
2) Assess the production processes, major issues, and solutions.
3) Market strategies that are being adopted by leading respective organizations
4) The report gives specific analysis for rapidly changing dynamics of Industry.
5) To understand the future outlook and prospects for the market with Marketing & Price (Price and Margin, Factors of Price Change, Manufacturers Gross Margin Analysis).
Inquiry for Buying Report @ https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-automotive-pop-up-sunroof-market/5905/#inquiry
From all of this Automotive Pop-up Sunroof market information, the report serves guidance and strategies to the following Automotive Pop-up Sunroof market players: New players, stakeholders, marketing unit, administrative authorities and Automotive Pop-up Sunroof distributors/manufacturers. The market research analysis has been structured using vital data from industry expertize. Further, the comprehensive primary and secondary research information with which the report has been prepared helps provide the key statistic forecasts data, in both terms revenue and volume. In addition to this, the analysis of the latest trends and current revenue of the region-wise market in comparison to the market has been included in this report. This will provide a clear view of the readers that how the market will progress globally over the forecast period 2018-2023.
About Us
Index Markets Research conduct market research and publish reports. You can find more than 35,000 research reports in our web store, which covers global industry and the regional markets. All the worldwide marketing data you need is at your fingertips.
Contact Us
Mark Irwin
Sales Manager
Email Id: sales@indexmarketsresearch.com
Phone: +1 202 888 3519
Web: https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/
High Performance Sport NZ has confirmed today it is launching an investigation into the departure of former coach Anthony Peden after accusations of inappropriate behaviour surfaced.
1 NEWS revealed exclusively last night that Peden has been accused by cyclists and those close to the team of inappropriate behaviour, with more than 20 staff leaving Cycling New Zealand since the 2016 Olympics due to the toxic environment within the team.
High Performance Sport NZ chief executive Michael Scott told 1 NEWS in a statement today more could have been done at their end.
"While I don't yet have all the facts it is clear that we could and should have done more with the information we had," he said.
"I will be commissioning an investigation so that we get to the bottom of this and learn from our mistakes.
"Integrity and ethics are fundamentals of sport."
Former staff told 1 NEWS they tried to raise the issue of Peden's behaviour with Cycling NZ on numerous occasions over the past four years.
Three former employees have detailed to 1 NEWS at least seven separate times where during formal debriefs or informal discussions they raised concern about Peden's behaviour.
These discussions included issues with bullying, his relationship with an athlete and his drinking while representing New Zealand abroad, but they say nothing was done.
Despite all this, it's understood Cycling NZ treated the behaviour as a "rumour" until a formal complaint was finally laid this month, after which Peden resigned.
WeWork CEO says revenue runs at $1 bln a year, no IPO details yet
NEW YORK, June 14 The chief executive of WeWork Cos Inc said on Wednesday the coworking space startup he co-founded is now generating $1 billion a year in revenue at current rates and will launch an initial public offering, but did not say where or when.
'We can't do it alone' - Jacinda Ardern promises a partnership with Maori on problems they face
The PM says the Government can only make the gains it wants if it works in partnership with Maori.
The global LED downlight market has witnessed a growth in recent years.
Contact
Kanika Sharma
***@imarcgroup.com Kanika Sharma
End
-- The latest report by IMARC Group titled, "", provides an in-depth analysis of the global LED downlight market. LED downlights were initially designed to be used as directional spotlights. However, these lights are now being used at a number of places such as hallways, offices, kitchens, bathrooms, malls, showrooms, etc. This has highly been influenced by the wide availability of a large variety of these lights in the market. Additionally, LED downlight are ecologically friendly as these lights are 100% recyclable which helps in reducing carbon footprints to a large extent.The market is gaining momentum as a result of the benefits offered by LED downlight lights over the traditional sources of lighting. These lights can withstand rough conditions such as external shocks and vibrations; exposure to extreme weather conditions; traffic related public exposure, etc. due to which these are preferred for outdoor lighting systems. Apart from this, LED downlights emit lesser amounts of UV rays and heat. As a result of this, these lights are suitable for places where highly sensitive material is kept such as museums and art galleries. Owing to these factors, the market is expected to witness a positive growth in the coming years.The market has been segmented on the basis of key application areas. Some of the major sectors using LED downlight are offices and conference rooms; residential blocks showrooms and malls; hospitals and laboratories;and hotels and restaurants. The market is also segmented on the basis of key regions which include India, China, Europe, United States, Japan, Brazil and Russia. An analysis of the competitive landscape provides the details of the key players operating in the market. Some of the major players are Nichia, Osram, Samsung Electronics, Everlight Electronics and LG Innotek.The report provides a techno-commercial roadmap for setting up an LED downlight manufacturing plant. The study covers all the requisite aspects of the LED downlight market. This ranges from macro overview of the market to micro details of the industry performance, processing and manufacturing requirements, project cost, project funding, project economics including expected returns on investment, profit margins, etc. This report is a must-read for entrepreneurs, investors, researchers, consultants, business strategists, and all those who have any kind of stake or are planning to foray into the LED downlight market in any manner.Offices and Conference RoomsResidential BlocksShowrooms and MallsHospitals and LaboratoriesHotels and RestaurantsIndiaChinaEuropeUnited StatesJapanBrazilRussiaNichiaOsramSamsung ElectronicsEverlight ElectronicsLG Innotekhttp://www.imarcgroup.com/categories/technology-market-reportsIMARC Group is a leading market research company that offers management strategy and market research worldwide. We partner with clients in all sectors and regions to identify their highest-value opportunities, address their most critical challenges, and transform their businesses.IMARC's information products include major market, scientific, economic and technological developments for business leaders in pharmaceutical, industrial, and high technology organizations. Market forecasts and industry analysis for biotechnology, advanced materials, pharmaceuticals, food and beverage, travel and tourism, nanotechnology and novel processing methods are at the top of the company's expertise.+1-631-791-1145sales@imarcgroup.comhttp://www.imarcgroup.com@imarcglobal
April 20 TrackX Holdings Inc-
* TrackX arranges $3.5 million bought deal private placement
* TrackX Holdings Inc - private placement of 9.2 million units of TrackX , at a price of $0.38 per unit
* TrackX Holdings Inc - proceeds from offering will be used for company's growth initiatives, potential merger and acquisitions Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
More than a century ago Norwegian playwright Henrik Ibsen created a repressed young woman who cruelly fought for power, influence and purpose.
Remarkably the dark themes of Hedda Gabler, written in 1890, remain starkly relevant as a striking performance at Royal & Derngate demonstrated last night (Nov 28).
Updated by Patrick Marber for the National Theatre the modern version bristles with desire and regret as the eponymous twenty-something grapples boredom and hysteria in her new marital home.
Married to a dull, aspiring academic, Hedda pushes against convention and riles at the thought of child rearing.
Yet she is trapped within the high walls of a sparse apartment which are the perfect representation of her barren state of mind.
As the proud daughter of a general she longs for status and money to demonstrate her power and significance but instead must settle for controlling others through manipulation and lies.
The angular Lizzy Watts plays the beautiful, alluring Hedda with the required amount of wicked humour and demonic bitterness leaving the audience unsure of whether to love or loathe her.
The supporting cast is equally impressive, with Adam Best a standout performance as the lustful, menacing judge Brack who recognises Hedda's power plays for what they are.
Meanwhile Hedda's husband Tesman, former lover Lovborg and female nemesis Mrs Elvsted are played with conviction and poise throughout.
It is notable that the only two characters who remain on stage throughout the production are Hedda and her dour maid Berte, played by TV regular Madlena Nedeva.
At first Berte appears to be little more than a stage prop but gradually it becomes alarmingly apparent that she is the shadow of Hedda's future self - irrelevant and ignored.
The oppressive stage is perfectly suited to Derngate's high auditorium and is complemented by the atmospheric but understated use of sound and music during key plot points.
The contemporary language, staging and costumes of this historic play appear to place it within a mid to late 20th century period, prior to mobile technology and the internet.
And yet the themes are universal and play out powerfully in 2017. In a modern world where we believe we can do and have everything, we are left we an existential crisis where creativity can only be found in chaos and destruction, something Hedda knows only too well.
Hedda Gabler runs at Royal and Derngate until Saturday December 2. They can be booked by visiting www.royalandderngate.co.uk or 01604 624811.
Home staging is a growing field, with 38 percent of sellers' agents saying that they stage all sellers' homes before listing them for sale. For those sellers or realtors that don't want to do the work themselves, that's where professional home stagers come in.
This industry can be a particularly attractive one for design savvy individuals. It doesn't take a huge upfront investment compared to some other business models. And there's plenty of room for growth in the industry. So if you're interested in starting your own home staging business, here are some tips to get you started.
How to Start a Home Staging Business
Research the Local Housing Market
Before you even set up your business, you need to understand the needs of your potential customers. If you live in a fairly affluent area, then you need to be willing to invest in items that fall into a fairly high price point. If you're in more of a moderate income level area, then you have to be able to make homes look more appealing without spending so much that you get priced out of the market and don't deliver any significant ROI. It can also help to understand the architectural styles and design trends that are popular in the area so you can accentuate them in your designs.
Name and License Your Business
Make it official. Choose a name that communicates your service and appeals to your target customers. Then get licensed to do business in your local community.
Choose a Specific Target Market
Aside from just serving any local homeowners, you could choose a specific target to focus on with your marketing efforts. For example, you might build a network of local flippers who you work with on investment properties. You could work with apartment building owners who want to get their units rented quickly. You could even work with those who own offices or commercial spaces.
Create a Pricing Structure
Determining your prices can be a difficult but important step. Consider your own monetary investments, the time each job is willing to take and other factors that might prove difficult, like moving furniture into upstairs units. Ideally, you'll create a formula that lets you just plug in all of that information for each job so you can easily and quickly come up with quotes.
Formulate Client Contracts
A sound contract is key for any working agreement. Find templates online or consult with an attorney to create verbiage that fits with your specific situation.
Invest in Liability Insurance
It's also a good idea to have some liability coverage in case you break or damage something in a client's home. You don't want to end up in a legal dispute or forced to pay for some expensive home repairs.
Connect with Area Realtors
One of the best and fastest ways to connect with home sellers is through their real estate agents. These realtors are equally motivated to have their houses sell quickly and at a premium price. So network with them and share your contact info so they can refer sellers to you when the opportunity arises.
Find Discount Home Decor Suppliers
Some sellers completely empty out their homes before listing them, while others could just use a little more style. Either way, you will probably need to bring in some extra decor items to fill in the spaces and make it especially attractive to potential buyers. So attend some local auctions and check out discount furniture and decor retailers in your area to build up your supplies without spending a ton of money.
Invest in Storage Space
If you purchase any large furniture pieces or even build up your collection of smaller decor pieces over time, you'll likely need to purchase some outside storage space so that you can keep and easily access all of those pieces for future jobs.
Look into Furniture Rental Options
For jobs that require a lot of furniture, you can also look into rental options. This can be especially attractive for large homes that need pieces that don't fit in your storage unit or trendy items that you won't be able to use for a ton of future staging jobs.
Create a Website
Having an online presence is important for any business. But it's especially important for a visual and emerging field like home staging. It allows potential customers to really see what you can do and understand the value you provide.
Optimize for Local Search
Customers also need to be able to actually find your website. So take care to focus on SEO and name your service area specifically throughout your website so relevant customers can find you.
Brand Your Business Carefully
Design is such an important concept for home stagers. So you need to make sure that your branding and the design of your website and marketing materials is consistent with your style and professional looking. If you're trying to convince customers that you can make their home look elegant but you have a thrown-together look on your website, they aren't likely to trust your design skills.
Formulate a Quick Pitch for Marketing Materials
Home staging is gaining popularity, but it still isn't accepted by all. So make sure you have a solid pitch in your marketing materials that explains the value for customers. Consider including how fast the homes you've staged have sold or what type of price increase they lead to.
Create a Portfolio of Homes You've Staged
You also need to be able to show examples of what you can create visually. Take photos of all your work and compile it in a portfolio on your website or even in a traditional booklet format so you can show off your style potential customers.
Collect Testimonials
Another way to provide some social proof is by collecting testimonials from past customers and including them on your website and in other marketing materials.
Create an Online Content Strategy
It can also be beneficial to create an online content marketing strategy where you blog or post on social media about design, tips for selling a home and other topics that your target customers might be interested in. You can even get creative with a YouTube channel or podcast.
Do Some Local Advertising
Since your customers are probably based mainly in one geographic area, it can also be a good idea to invest in some local marketing, perhaps in a local newspaper or on some outdoor signage. You can even sponsor local events or sports teams to build some brand recognition and network with other community members.
Gather Design Inspiration
Throughout the course of running your business, design trends and the preferences of buyers are likely to change. So your style should shift along with it, since your ultimate goal is to appeal to those buyers. For that reason, it's important to continue researching and getting inspired by new trends on Pinterest or in decor magazines.
Continue to Shop for Affordable Decor
By that same token, you also need to continue to grow your collection of decor items so that it appeals to modern homeowners. Consider hosting sales periodically so you can recycle the old and use the funds to get started with a new collection.
Online-Devices is pleased to announce the new Intelligent-Appliance Ethernet Relay controller, IA-3118-E, designed to Monitor and Control high power, high voltage tasks.
IA-3118-E: High Power High Voltage Monitoring And Control
Contact
Gale
***@online-devices.com Gale
End
-- This new device features 16 optically isolated digital inputs, set to monitor AC voltage in the range of 90CAC to 277VAC, and a DC voltage of 24VDC.All inputs are isolated both between the input point to the internal circuits, and between the different input sources themselves. There is an additional version of the IA-3118-E device that is designed to handle DC input voltage in the range of 5VDC to 48VDC.In addition to the isolation, all inputs include an adjustable digital filter, to allow device operation in an extremely noisy environment.The new IA-3118-E includes 16 SPDT power relays, with a contact rating of 16Amp and Voltage Suppressors on each, in order to prevent electromagnetic noise and to extend the relays' lifespan.The new device has an Ethernet interface with an IP address enabling both local and Internet networking, as well as local expansion, allowing sharing other devices with the same IP address.Another IA-3118 device version, includes an isolated USB interface (instead of an Ethernet interface), and may be used as local expansion devices. The isolated interface ensures that the host computer is isolated from the production floor, thus improves performance both in terms of noise resistance and ground-loop prevention.The new device features two Watchdog circuit levels. The basic level, ensures an operation under exceptional noise environment, while the system level circuit, allows the user to configure the device behavior following an extreme case, such as Host or Communication failure. A recurring cycle is possible too, defined and configured by the user.The IA-3118-E software support includes a DLL for the Microsoft development environment, dot.net, instant launch and check-in routines including tracking of ports, simple mouse operation, and a command line operation, allowing users to familiarize themselves with the device's set of commands, and open-source examples for immediate operation in the development environment.for more information, visit us at : http://www.online- devices.com
Gov. Jerry Brown's administration has a "weak justification" for the short and sweet tentative contract offer it struck with the state's union for correctional officers, a new report from the Legislative Analyst's Office says.
Brown is offering a 5 percent raise to the California Correctional Peace Officers Association, which would be the best wage increase for the 27,000 employees it represents since 2006.
The analyst says that "large" wage increase might be unnecessary.
"We see no evidence of recruitment or retention issues to justify the large pay increase. In fact, we find that (CCPOA-represented workers) compensation levels likely are sufficient to allow correctional facilities to meet personnel needs at the present time," the report says.
SIGN UP
Help us deliver journalism that makes a difference in our community. Our journalism takes a lot of time, effort, and hard work to produce. If you read and enjoy our journalism, please consider subscribing today. SUBSCRIBE TODAY
CCPOA members should have received ballots asking whether they want to approve the contract. They'll be voting over the next few weeks.
The Legislature also must approve the contract, and the report from the Legislative Analyst's Office is intended to help lawmakers decide how to vote.
The analyst compared the contract to a recent group of labor agreements that also included base wage increases of 5 percent for state workers. State attorneys, engineers and scientists all got those deals over the past few years.
They're smaller unions, and the Brown administration characterized those raises as necessary to address recruiting and retention challenges within those job classifications.
Separately, Brown last year struck contracts with other unions that included base wage increases of 3.5 to 4 percent. Subsets of employees within those units received larger raises, particularly if they worked in jobs with recruiting and retention issues. For instance, doctors working at a group of remote prisons received a 15 percent retention incentive.
The legislative analyst reported that the state does not appear to be having trouble finding people to work as correctional officers.
It reported that:
- The number of correctional officers with zero to four years of experiences has increased from 3,800 in in 2004 to 6,100 today, suggesting that the California Department of Corrections and Rehabilitation is able to recruit entry-level officers.
- The departments proportion of mid-career correctional officers with 10 to 19 years of experience has held steady. They make up 41 percent of the workforce.
- Correctional officers have fewer opportunities to pursue their careers outside of state government. The Bureau of Labor Statistics projects that the number of jobs for correctional officers will decline by about 8 percent between 2016 and 2026.
- Wage increases for state correctional officers have exceeded inflation since 2001. If the contract is approved, the analyst estimates that wages for correctional officers will be 67 percent greater than they were in 2001-02.
The Brown administration estimates that contract will cost about $338 million over the next two years. The legislative analyst warns that it could be more expensive, particularly because of overtime and increased pension contributions.
Last year, workers represented by the correctional union earned $361 million in overtime, the analyst reported. The new contract could increase that sum by $6 million to $20 million.
The one-year contract Brown offered is a simpler agreement than his administration's previous contracts with the union. The two most recent multi-year contracts offered less generous health benefits, initiated a new paycheck deduction that funds retiree health benefits and reduced pension benefits for future workers.
PARIS, April 20 French spirits maker Pernod Ricard said on Thursday that sales growth slowed slightly in the third quarter, reflecting weakness in India and the earlier timing of the Chinese New year.
Pernod, the world's second-biggest spirits group after Britain's Diageo, kept its profit outlook unchanged and achieved some robust quarterly growth in the United States and in Europe.
Pernod Ricard posted sales of 1.987 billion euros ($2.13 billion) in the three months to March 31, up 3 percent on a like-for-like basis, compared with 4 percent growth in the second quarter.
This was, however, above the average of analysts' estimates for 1 percent growth in a company-compiled consensus.
The owner of Mumm champagne, Absolut vodka and Martell cognac kept its forecast for underlying operating profit growth of between 2 percent and 4 percent in the full year to June 30.
In India, which accounts for about 10 percent of Pernod Ricard group revenue, a government ban on high-value banknotes held back local consumption. There has also been a ban on alcohol sales near highways in India since April 1.
($1 = 0.9327 euros) (Reporting by Dominique Vidalon; Editing by Sudip Kar-Gupta)
The search to find a Te Reo speaking Moana ends today, as director Rachel House continues to review auditions for the hit Disney film to be dubbed into Maori.
It is hoped dubbing of the film into Te Reo will be finished in time for Maori Language week in September.
"It promotes our language in a really big way I think, and it's already been so popular with our kids so it's going to be fantastic to now implement Te Reo into that," House said.
Members of the Iraqi Federal Police walk towards positions to fight the Islamic State as they pass next to the train station of Mosul, Iraq, March 30, 2017. REUTERS/Andres Martinez Casares
Two members of the Iraqi Federal Police walk towards positions to fight the Islamic State as they pass next to the train station of Mosul, Iraq, March 30, 2017. REUTERS/Andres Martinez Casares
Debris lies on the floor at the railway station of Mosul, Iraq, April 5, 2017. REUTERS/Andres Martinez Casares
Smoke rises up from buildings as train cars are seen in the railway station in Mosul, Iraq, April 5, 2017. REUTERS/Andres Martinez Casares
MOSUL, Iraq The freight train cars have been waiting idle in Mosul since Islamic State fighters stormed in more than two years ago - and with the main station bombed and tracks pulled up they won't be going anywhere soon.
In one corner of the wrecked site, Iraqi soldiers take cover from sniper fire behind piles of sand - the only activity in what is left of a station planned as part of a historic German-Ottoman rail project to link Baghdad with Berlin.
Old pictures show yellow taxis and buses bringing passengers to the two-storey station, built in 1938, with its two wings stretching along the track.
The roof is now collapsed, the main building hit in the battle raging for weeks between advancing Iraqi forces and Islamic State militants holed up in the nearby Old City.
Just one small structure survives nearby marked with an Iraqi railway emblem. The soldiers do their best to ignore the stench from a dead body lying inside.
Further along the track, Iraqi federal police check storage sheds for booby traps left by the Sunni Muslim militants, known to their opponents as "Daesh".
HISTORIC HUB
The bombing brought a final halt to what was once a bustling transport hub.
Mosul was part of a German-Ottoman plan called Bagdadbahn to link Berlin with Baghdad and the Gulf port of Kuwait, both then part of the Ottoman empire - a scheme that rivalled the scale of the Orient Express.
But the collapse of that empire following World War One interrupted the project and the tracks between Istanbul and Baghdad only got completed around 1940.
Mosul later turned into a gateway for cargo and passenger trains from Syria and Turkey to Baghdad and Basra in the south.
Traffic thinned during the 1990s when Iraq was under U.N. sanctions after Saddam Hussein's Kuwait invasion, as little was spent on maintenance.
Since 2012 the rail services from Mosul had stopped due to deteriorating security situation. Authorities were preparing to restart regular trains to Turkey and Baghdad when lslamic State arrived in June 2014.
During the fight-back against the militants, that started building up in October, Iraqi forces used helicopters and artillery to support ground forces.
Not every strike hit its militant target. Entire blocks were destroyed in western Mosul.
"Air strikes every block. There were no Islamic State fighters or whatever," said Aly Ibrahim Eissa who fled after air strikes in his street. "A whole block was destroyed from top to bottom by coalition planes."
The city's airport was also reduced to rubble in the fighting. The militants blew up the runway, and destroyed buildings and infrastructure as they retreated, according to residents.
"They removed most tracks to build rockets or other weapons, "said Abdulllah Ahmed, a Mosul engineer. "There were no trains under Daesh."
(Additional reporting by Salih Elias; Editing by Andrew Heavens)
April 21 The following are the top stories in the Financial Times. Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy.
Headlines
* Farage rules out 8th attempt to stand for parliament. on.ft.com/2pX6XDm
* Carney adviser joins exodus of women from Bank of England. on.ft.com/2pWmWSm
* Policeman killed in central Paris terrorism attack. on.ft.com/2pXgHNP
Overview
* Former UKIP leader Nigel Farage said he will not be standing in Britain's 2017 election, in an opinion piece for the Daily Telegraph.
* The director for communications at Bank of England, Jenny Scott, has left the bank according to an internal memo sent to the bank's staff on Wednesday.
* A French policeman was shot dead and two others were wounded in central Paris on Thursday night in an attack carried out days before presidential elections and quickly claimed by the Islamic State group.
(Compiled by Parikshit Mishra in Bengluru; Editing by Sandra Maler)
The sun is scorching, temperatures are soaring and everywhere, people seem to be shedding their clothes to the barest minimum layer that decency would allow. To quote a popular summer anthem, the Heat Is On! And all are left to cope with it as we deem necessary.
Those who can, hide away to their happy places—whether it's the beach, a mountain hideaway, or your friendly neighborhood mall—for a respite from the sweltering heat. But those who are looking for a more lasting reprieve, however, are likely to have one thing in mind: air-conditioning.
A necessary investment
With temperatures soaring above the 30s, acquiring an air conditioning unit is no longer a luxury these days. In fact, for some (especially those living in urban centers where smoke and pollution have become constant companions), ACs have become an inescapable part of the landscape; and were it not for the consequential increase in electric bills, we bet more Filipinos would be turning up the chill factor at home.
But since AC units are slowly becoming a necessity rather than a luxury, their products have been amped up to be cost and energy-efficient without sacrificing the quality it provides to its users. Most people would visit appliance stores and look for the cheapest unit they could find, assuming they have saved a couple more pesos, but actually end up having an insanely stratospheric electricity bill.
In order to prevent this unfortunate event, think of buying an AC unit as an investment that you can control.
Some tips
Identify how long and how frequent the use of the AC unit will be to somehow manipulate your electricity bill and keep it from going above your budget. Fortunately, there are a myriad of air conditioning options for different needs. The next thing to do is to familiarize yourself with the Energy Efficient Ratio (EER), which indicates how effective an air conditioner is in terms of cooling the space.
A higher EER denotes lower power consumption while a lower EER may mean the unit takes some time before it fully cools the room to the set temperature. Naturally, choosing the higher EER is the best choice for cutting back costs when it comes to buying and using an AC unit.
Choose your fighter
There is a wide variety of air conditioning units users can choose from in order to suit their needs or preferences—whether you're choosing on the basis of size, cooling capacity, etc.
Types of air conditions include window, split, centralized and portable, each with their own specifications.
Window types, as suggested by the name, are placed in a window or hole in the wall. They are best used for small rooms and are inexpensive compared to the other types.
Split systems on the other hand have two components: one is the indoor unit which contains the cooling fan and evaporator coil while the outdoor unit houses the condenser coil and the compressor. Split types are suited for larger rooms because they are more powerful and efficient than the window type. Additionally, split types are usually simple and sleek, contributing to the minimalist design of a room.
For larger spaces such as malls, mansions, buildings, theaters and the likes, the best option is a centralized air conditioning unit. This type seems to be an expensive option but is actually more practical than having several single units installed about the building. Furthermore, centralized ACs offer an unobtrusive design because they are practically invisible.
Lastly, portable AC units aren't as portable as the name denotes. It's similar to a window type AC in specifications but differs in its placement. Instead of being placed through a hole, the entire portable AC unit is inside the room with its hose positioned outdoors to exhaust the hot air out of the room.
It is important to identify the size of the room to know the appropriate AC unit for it. One mistake consumers commit is buying an AC unit with a low or high cooling capacity, measured by British Thermal Unit (BTU), which leaves the room either too hot or too cold. This leaves a jaw-dropping impact on one's electricity bill and not because it helped cut corners while keeping the room at the desired temperature.
There is no definite formula because it varies with every room or space. However, to get a rough estimate, it helps to measure the room's floor area.
A room measuring 100 to 150 sq. ft. needs a cooling capacity of 5,000 BTU while larger rooms measuring 38 to 43 sqm need a cooling capacity of 10,000 BTU for maximum efficiency.
Trusted brands
And just in time for the summer, Fujidenzo, the trusted brand for home and commercial appliances, recently launched its complete line of HD Premium Inverter air conditioners.
The heavy duty, or HD, Premium Inverter air conditioner is equipped with an energy-efficient compressor along with golden fin, a type of anti-corrosive coating, condensers and evaporators that are highly resistant to rust. Fujidenzo's newly launched product line stands out from the rest by using a specially-designed inverter module that helps its users have up to 60 percent savings in their electricity bill.
Marketing Director of Fujidenzo Adrian Jasper Sioco shares that the HD Premium Inverter AC units are fitted with both heavy-duty quality materials and an energy-efficient inverter compressor to meet the company's goal of giving their customers the highest level of satisfaction.
On the other hand, Markes Inverter air conditioner, which is exclusively distributed by Continental Sales Inc., boasts of its intelligent, healthy and energy saving features that are beneficial health-wise as well as practical.
The new Markes Inverter AC unit is assembled with an inverter compressor with Tombarthite mineral composition that increases its durability while greatly reducing friction to achieve low power consumption up to 50 percent.
Markes Inverter AC also has additional functions like its self-diagnosis function that monitors the whole operation of the unit. When an error or malfunction occurs, the system will automatically switch off the AC and afterwards the system will show the error or protection code on the display for easy troubleshooting.
It has other functions like the Hydrophilic Aluminum Fin, which accelerates between fins and increases cooling efficiency, Golden fin, an anti-corrosive coating that can withstand the elements, an air blade and louver that can swing vertically and horizontally to help improve air distribution with a distance of up to 15 meters, and a trapeziform inner groove copper piping that helps the refrigerant to flow much faster to increase heat exchange by 20 to 30 percent as well as enhance cooling efficiency by 10 to 20 percent.
Despite being equipped with interesting features, Markes appliances ensure its products are still affordable for its Filipino customers.
As for going all out in battling the heat, Sharp J-Tech Inverter air conditioner allows the user to set the temperature at the lowest setting possible in the industry—14 degrees Celsius, while it turns precisely controlled power consumption into energy savings and energy-efficient operation.
Going green
As most parts of the country become more urbanized, the negative side effect is the increase in pollutants in the environment. In September 2017, the Department of Environmental and Natural Resources (DENR) along with the World Health Organization (WHO) highlighted that air pollution is an environmental health risk worldwide with about 92 percent of the world's population exposed to polluted air, both indoor and outdoor, whose levels exceed WHO's quality guidelines on air quality.
According to WHO, the safe level is 10 micrograms per cubic meter of air in a year. However, in Manila, the annual average of air pollutants is at 17 micrograms per cubic meter—exceeding the recommended safety level.
Fortunately, Markes Inverter air conditioner unit offers a dehumidification function that reduces the level of humidity in the air, helps get rid of musty odor and prevent the growth of mildew. It also has an anti-fungus function that prevents fungi and bacteria from proliferating the air to keep the room fresh and healthy.
Markes also has a self-cleaning process that keeps the indoor unit dry and bacteria-free.
Meanwhile, Fujidenzo's HD Premium Inverter AC units boast of features that are environment friendly. With the use of R32 and R410A refrigerants, the Fujidenzo's newly launched AC units operate quietly for a peaceful atmosphere. It also provides health benefits with its built-in three-in-one Clean Air filter that produces vitamin C, silver ions, and cold catalyst ions to help purify the air.
“Quality has always been our number one priority in developing Fujidenzo appliances. The HD Premium Inverter air conditioners boast of innovative features that are beneficial to all our customers…with continuous innovation and market research, Fujidenzo is committed to its promise to always give Quality Above All,” Sioco adds.
On the other hand, Sharp J-Tech air conditioner is equipped with Plasmacluster Ion Technology that deactivates airborne bacteria, mold, and other contaminants that can be found inside homes. With Sharp J-Tech Inverter air conditioner, customers are not just protected from the heat but also from airborne bacteria and contaminants that can cause health risks.
More than an AC unit
As technology advances, more and more features have been added to today's air conditioning units to help maintain their foothold in the market.
Some of these new features include:
1. Hassle-free controls—Remote-controlled air conditioners aren't new. These types of ACs are very convenient because the settings can be modified according to preference without having to stand up from the comforts of the bed or workspace. Some manufacturers have even incorporated Wi-Fi in their AC units so users can control the unit using their smartphones.
2. Inverter—This AC feature aims to cool the room as fast and efficiently as it can once be started and later detects when cooling the room is no longer necessary, allowing it to slow down its compressor and maintain the right temperature. This technology can help save up to 50 percent on electricity bills. Inverter-type ACs are more
expensive, but are more cost-efficient, thereby saving customers money in the long run.
3. Energy-efficient—Air conditioners with saving elements such as a timer, automatic restart, discreet mode, and the like are best at making the most of energy without breaking the bank. Some companies vary in their approach when it comes to energy saving technology so make sure to do some research before making a final decision on the purchase.
4. Air filter—Modernization comes at a cost as pollution is also hazardous to human health. Fortunately, there are AC units equipped with air filtering systems to emit breathable air to its users and prevent health issues like asthma, breathing problems and even allergies.
5. Air distribution—Look for AC units with a smart air distribution feature that will consistently cool every space of the area. Avoid those that only cool some parts of a room.
Additional factors and features
Aside from the size, type, cooling capacity features, and the cost and energy efficiency, customers should also pay attention to the unit's performance as well as its durability and reliability to get the most out of their AC.
In the Philippines, equipment is prone to damage because of unpredictable weather, as well as power fluctuations. According to an article from comfort-pro.com, air conditioning units should last on the average, 15 to 18 years even without maintenance. In order to find a unit that will last a decade or so, consumers need to be specific with the AC's unit condenser. Inspect if it uses a strong coating that protects the condenser from rust and corrosion. This will help prolong the AC unit's life for up to 20 years. But keep in mind that AC units need proper maintenance as well for them to work efficiently and last longer.
The broker has expanded its list of trading instruments to include BTC/USD following increased demand from clients.
Spread the Word
Listed Under Tag:
* Forex Industry:
* Finance Location:
* limassol - limassol - Cyprus Subject:
* Features
Media Contact
Rosemary Barnes
00357 25 245750
rosemary.barnes@ hycm.com Rosemary Barnes00357 25 245750
End
-- HYCM, a multi-regulated global leader in online capital markets trading, has announced the launch of Bitcoin trading, adding BTC/USD to its expanding list of trading instruments.As well as having access to a wide range of tradable assets including currencies, commodities, metals, shares and indices, clients now have the option to speculate on the price of Bitcoin against the US Dollar on HYCM's cutting-edge trading platform.Bitcoin, the world's first cryptocurrency has seen a massive growth in popularity in recent times and is highly attractive to traders. Its highly volatile nature makes it ideal for CFD trading and an excellent choice for a financial trading portfolio as it can provide many opportunities to trade. HYCM offers Bitcoin CFD trades with up to 100:1 leverage and it is possible to start trading from as little as $100.According to HYCM, the decision to offer bitcoin follows the impressive returns it has recently generated, which has in turn generated a lot of interest from clients. BTC/USD trading has its own specific technical and fundamental factors and therefore presents new opportunities to currency traders. HYCM is one of the leading brokers offering this exciting cryptocurrency as part of its range of assets.Interest in cryptocurrencies has soared this year with with most blockchain assets traded across the globe up considerably. Bitcoin recently surpassed a historic $2,000 price level and now has a market cap of approximately $34 billion.As more and more people get to grips with how the technology works and real-world uses are rolled-out universally, the appeal of trading Bitcoin is expected to grow even further. HYCM has acknowledged its increasing importance and has decided to offer its clients this highly attractive trading option with the addition of the BTC/USD pair.HYCMNotes to editors:HYCM is a leading provider of online FX and CFD trading services to retail and institutional investors. With a 40 year operational history and a strong focus on client satisfaction and technological advancement, HYCM has become the online broker of choice for investors across the globe, providing access to a range of asset classes including currencies, commodities, metals, shares and indices.HYCM offers clients a complete trading solution together with all the trading tools and analysis needed to make informed trading decisions. Backed by its state-of-the-art trading platforms, including mobile app enabling clients to trade while on the go, HYCM has secured a strong industry reputation for delivering a trading experience that is second to none.HYCM is part of the Henyep Capital Markets Group, an international conglomerate with businesses in financial services, property, education and charity and is multi-regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority of the UK (FCA), the Cyprus Securities and Exchange Commission (CySEC) and the Dubai Financial Service Authority (DFSA).The company is represented globally with offices in the United Kingdom, Hong Kong, Cyprus and Dubai.Media Contact:Rosemary BarnesEmail: rosemary.barnes@hycm.comTelephone: +357 25 24 5750
CLEMSON, S.C. — Clemson's starting backcourt of Marquise Reed and Shelton Mitchell is returning for one more season.
Reed, the Tigers leading scoring last season, and Mitchell both announced they have withdrawn from the NBA draft and will play one more year with the Tigers.
Reed averaged 15.8 points while Mitchell had a career-best 12.2 points a game this past season in helping Clemson (25-10) reach the Sweet 16 of the NCAA Tournament. It was the Tigers first NCAA trips since 2011.
Reed and Mitchell, Clemson's point guard, both entered the draft last month. Neither hired an agent making them eligible to return. It also means the core of this year's NCAA team is back with the guards joining forward Elijah Thomas next season.
Graziano Pelle scored his first goal of the season on Sunday but his side Shandong Luneng missed the chance to move back into second place in the Chinese Super League as they were held to a 1-1 draw by Chongqing Lifan.
Fernandinho gave Chongqing the lead in the 28th minute before Pelle equalised eight minutes from time as Shandong picked up a point that leaves them in fourth, three points behind leaders Guangzhou R&F and level with Shanghai SIPG and defending champions Guangzhou Evergrande.
Manager Felix Magath rued Shandong's missed chances, saying: "We didn't create enough good opportunities, especially in the first half, we were the better side but we were also unlucky.
"In the second half, we did much better and put lots of pressure on our opponents and created lots of chances. Unfortunately, out of so many chances we only scored one. I have to say we lost two points today."
R&F retained pole position in the standings as Dragan Stojkovic's team defeated struggling Jiangsu Suning 2-1 on Friday to continue their unbeaten start to the season with 16 points from their opening six games.
Israel international Eran Zahavi scored twice in 15 second-half minutes to cancel out Alex Teixeira's opener for Jiangsu as R&F ended the weekend three points clear.
"If we continue doing what we are doing now, everything is possible," said Stojkovic.
"Jiangsu are a strong team with expensive players so I hoped my players would go in without any pressure and enjoy the game."
SIPG inflicted the first defeat of the season on Manuel Pellegrini's Hebei CFFC with a 3-0 win at Shanghai Stadium to move into second while Beijing Guoan and Tianjin Quanjian drew 1-1.
Guangzhou Evergrande picked up their second win in a row as goals from Gao Lin and Ricardo Goulart saw off Liaoning Whowin despite Wang Shangyuan's sending-off with a quarter of the game remaining for Luiz Felipe Scolari's side, who are now in third.
Tianjin Teda ran out comfortable 3-1 winners over Yanbian Funde while Fredy Guarin and Obafemi Martins scored against Guizhou Zhicheng as Shanghai Shenhua shook off the absence of Carlos Tevez to pick up a 2-1 win.
Changchun Yatai moved off the bottom of the standings when Tan Long scored the only goal of their 1-0 win over Henan Jianye.
(Reporting by Michael Church in Hong Kong; Editing by Clare Fallon)
A lucky Christchurch resident is counting the ways they can spend their money after pocketing $20.2 million in what is the fourth largest lottery win in the South Island.
Source: 1 NEWS
The person took home the Powerball First Division on Saturday night after buying their ticket from the Hornby Mall Lotto.
They are the first big Powerball winner in the new year after 19 people won Powerball in 2017.
Four other lucky Lotto players also shared in the prizes on Saturday.
Kerry 1-15 Mayo 2-9
Sometimes it's good to stir the hornets net. Kerry's youngsters came to Castlebar, shot the lights out, bullied venerable Mayo names, had two men sent-off on yellow cards with a full 20 minutes left, almost combusted and finally won. What a result for the Kingdom. If the teenagers brought their ID's, they'd deserve a night out on the tiles around Linenhall Street.
Mayo contributed to their demise by misfiring with a series of frees against a stretched Kerry defence and the night could have turned but for a vital intervention when Shane Enright came from nowhere to catch a Colm Boyle shot on the goal line in the 57th minute.
This was a jagged-edged match with something beyond February rancour at the heart of it. Kerry needed to stand up and be counted and weren't found wanting. If Mayo have one genuine grievance, it's that Aidan O'Shea was hauled and dragged into coughing up the possession which led to Kerry's 37th minute goal.
But the big midfielder stood and raised his arms in protest while his marker, Gavin Crowley, stormed up-field and took a pass from Barry John Keane to land a terrific goal. It summed up Kerry's attitude: positive, impudent and fearless. They deserved the spoils and it felt like a match that was worth a month of training to them. 11,639 showed up: most of them were packed into the MacHale Park bar to watch Jonny Sexton's drop goal before racing across to the stadium for what was a gripping league match.
Mayo's Shane Nally with Kerry's Paul Geaney and Sean O'Shea. Photograph; John McVitty/Inpho
Kerry pulverised Mayo everywhere except the scoreboard in the first half. They looked ravenous for work all over the field and once in position they were brilliantly businesslike in getting the ball into a scintillating full forward line of David Clifford, Paul Geaney and Barry John Keane. Clifford clipped a point and created a goal chance before hobbling off after just 20 minutes, hopefully not a harbinger of the demands being placed on his young frame.
But the Kingdom front line was buzzing with adventure and confidence: five of the six starters had delivered quick, clean points from play in the first half and Keane was a model of efficiency. The Kerins man is one of the more intriguing characters of the present set-up; practically a veteran in comparison to some of the new faces and maybe ready to move on from enigmatic role actor to leading man this season.
They fired 0-10 from play in the first half. In addition, Sean O'Shea had a penalty brilliantly saved by David Clarke, they turned four good scoring chances wide and dropped a ball short. They could have been out of sight. And they weren't resting on their laurels either, aggressively closing down the short options for Clarke's restarts.
At the other end of the field, Enright set the tone for an uncompromisingly tight defensive effort: the fear of getting turned which had stalked Kerry's defence in recent years didn't exist here. Yes, it's early February; the night hazy and the ground soft but the Kerry defenders backed themselves one-on-one. The result was just a single point from play, from midfielder Barry Moran. And they didn't flinch in the face of up-front tackling from Mayo's forwards. The exchanges were tough and often and you can bet it warmed Eamonn Fitzmaurice's heart to see the youngsters standing up to this.
Mayo's Brendan Harrison with Kerry's Paul Geaney. Photograph; John McVitty/Inpho
But what a head-scratcher for them to find themselves just a point up at the break! They paid for two lapses: Aidan O'Shea won a throw-ball on the edge of the D and found Diarmuid O'Connor looping around the ball-watching defence. His finish, in the 13th minute, was clean and low.
And Mayo needed that goal: they were still stuck on 1-2 in the 34th minute and looked all at sea. Then a big, piercing run up the middle by Paddy Durcan sent Neil Douglas through and the Mitchels man was dragged down. O'Connor stepped up to revive hopes from the penalty spot and Jason Doherty added a well-struck free to leave themselves perfectly placed on the board despite being bossed in so many sectors.
But the second half rally never quite materialised for Mayo despite the appearance of the Howitzers - Boyle, Moran and O'Connor. Kerry held off for a big win that will stand to them in the summer and Kingdom rang out when referee Derek O'Mahoney blew it up in the 74th minute. It's never dull between these two.
Mayo: 1 D Clarke, 2 B Harrison, 3 G Cafferkey, 4 E O'Donoghue; 6 S Coen, 9 S Nally, 7 P Durcan; 8 J Gibbons, 21 B Moran (0-1), 10 K McLoughlin, 11 S O'Shea, 12 D O'Connor (2-0, 1 pen); 13 N Douglas, 25 J Doherty (0-1 free), 14 E Regan (0-1 free). Substitutes: 19 C Crowe for 3 G Cafferkey (23 mins inj), 22 C O'Connor for 14 E Regan (45 mins inj), 15 A Moran for 13 N Douglas (53 mins), 5 C Boyle for 9 S Nally (53 mins), 24 F Boland for 21 B Moran (63 mins), 23 C Loftus for J Doherty (73 mins).
Kerry: 1 S Murphy; 7 R Shanahan, 3 J Foley, 4 S Enright, 5 P Murphy 2 B O' Beaglaoich, 6 R G Crowley; 8 J Berry, 9 B O'Sullivan (0-1), 10 M Burns (0-2), 11 S O'Shea (0-2), 12 S O'Brien, 13 D Clifford (0-1), 14 P Geaney (0-1), 15 BJ Keane (0-3). Substitutes: 19 J Savage for 13 D Clifford (20 mins inj), 17 B O'Sullivan for 12 S O'Brien (43 mins), 25 A Barry for 15 BJ Keane (53 mins), 21 M Flaherty for 11 S O'Shea (55 mins), 26 E O'Conchuir for 10 M Burns (59 mins), 18 C Coffey for 2 B O'Beaglaoich (65 mins black card).
Referee: Derek O'Mahoney (Tipperary).
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
It's official, Wellington homes are too cold.
University of Otago researchers based in the capital have looked at 49 homes in Wellington City Council housing and confirmed they are too cold to be healthy.
The research was done before council began carrying out a 20-year programme to upgrade its social housing, with one of the aims being to make housing warmer and drier.
"Before the upgrade, housing was colder and more humid than is recommended for tenants' health," says PhD candidate Lara Rangiwhetu.
Advertisement
Now, researchers are calling for standards to bring all New Zealand housing up to the World Health Organization (WHO) minimum standard, which recommends indoor temperature of 18C.
The study, led by Rangiwhetu, found the temperature in the monitored houses were lower than 16C two thirds of the time. This is the temperature at which resistance to respiratory disease is diminished.
For 9 per cent of the time, dwelling temperatures were below 12C. When temperatures get to this level, they are associated with an increased risk of cardiovascular disease.
Lara Rangiwhetu says two thirds of the time, the monitored houses were below 16C. Photo / Supplied
An average mean indoor living room temperature of 14.9C also appears to be colder than found in the latest national studies, with average living room temperatures for the Southern North Island recorded as 16.1C in the 1999, 2002-2004 Household Energy End-Use Project, and 16.6C in the 1971/72 Household Electricity Survey.
"This means that for a lot of the time these council houses were uncomfortably and unhealthily cold," Rangiwhetu said.
"Unfortunately, we know this is not uncommon for New Zealand housing. But what is positive is that Wellington City Council has been investing in their housing."
As part of their advocacy for healthier homes, the researchers are supportive of a number of concerted measures that council and the central Government are carrying out, including free home energy assessments for Wellington ratepayers, a voluntary WOF scheme for Wellington landlords, insulation subsidies and winter energy payments to eligible New Zealanders, and policy changes under the newly passed Healthy Homes Guarantee Act.
Other temperate countries, such as the United Kingdom, have seen a documented increase in indoor temperature, with average temperatures above the recommended minimum, so there is no reason for New Zealand not to be also achieving these temperatures in homes, Rangiwhetu said.
Councillor Brian Dawson said council had already upgraded about half its properties and wants to invest more in social housing in the coming years.
The study has been published in the journal Policy Quarterly.
The Catalan referendum had taken place “in an illegal context” and therefore it is “completely unprecedented,” Russel Foster said in an interview with Radio Sputnik.
The expert compared the Catalan vote with the referendum on Brexit and came to a conclusion that the events are completely different in their nature.
“We have to remember that while the European Union was unhappy with the Brexit vote, Brexit went to a formal, legal proceeding. Everyone knew that the referendum was going to take place and all factions agreed that they would respect the outcome of the referendum…. The Catalan referendum had taken place outside of Spanish law,” the expert said.
“What also makes it a bigger threat, is that with Brexit we have the same country that joined the European Union in 1973. But with the Catalan vote, there is a desire for a completely new country which never joined the EU to withdraw from it,” Foster added.
In Foster's opinion, Catalonia's possible breakaway would cause a severe crisis in Spain.
Catalonia is one of the most economically powerful regions in Spain, and its possible secession “would create a serious economic and financial crisis for the
Spanish state in addition to all political and constitutional problems,” the expert believes.
According to the analyst, the consequences of such a scenario would be “nothing less than catastrophic” and lead to “a crisis that Europe has not seen since WWII.”
“Since 1955 the mantra has been: more Europe, more integration. And the only way to deal with the emerging problems — especially in this century of globalization, climate change, terrorism, migration — is for countries to cooperate and form large regional powers,” Foster said.
According to him, if Catalonia breaks away, this will be a symbolic statement of a return to ethnic nationalism and small nation-states, which are totally incapable of dealing with the problems of the 21st century.
“So, Catalonia's independence will be a disaster for Spain, a disaster for Europe and, particularly, for the Catalonian people,” the expert concluded.
On Sunday, Catalonia held an independence referendum, in which around 90 percent of the voters supported the secession from Spain. While Catalan authorities claim the plebiscite was valid, Madrid refuses to recognize the vote and hold negotiations with the region.
© Sputnik/ Alexey Vitvitsky
Sputnik News
South Africa Today – World News – Europe
When neighbours noticed 43-year-old former Eastenders actress Sian Blake and her young sons packing black bags into the boot of a car outside her home in south-east London on Sunday December 13, 2015, they had no idea that would be the last sighting they'd ever have of the family alive.
Three days later, on December 16, 2015, Sian and her two sons - eight-year-old Zachary and Amon, four - were reported missing. By early January, when Sian's car was found in Bethnal Green, east London, their disappearance became a murder investigation, and the Homicide and Major Crime Command took over.
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Sian Blake had played Frankie Pierre in Eastenders in the 90s. Rex
What police didn't know at the time was that Sian and her children's bodies lay buried in the garden of their own home. And while there had also been concerns about the welfare of the actress' partner and the father of her two children, Arthur Simpson-Kent - who hadn't been seen since December 16 - it was actually he who was culpable for their deaths.
Missing
Sian Blake - who starred as singer Frankie Pierre in Eastenders throughout 1996 and 1997, and had maintained a career in acting and voiceover artistry ever since - first met Arthur Simpson-Kent through work. After a brief relationship, they split and Simpson-Kent went to live in France. When he returned in 2005, the couple reignited their relationship and moved in together before having their two children, Zachary and Amon.
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Sian suffered from a degenerative motor neurone disease, and it was later revealed in court that she had planned to move back in with her mother, Lindell Blake. The court was told Arthur and Sian had an "unhealthy" relationship, and that the move would not have included her partner.
After visiting her mother and sister in Leyton, east London on December 13 2015 - in which she further discussed plans to move in with them - Sian went missing. Her disappearance was not reported to police until three days later, however, when the boys didn't turn up to school and a text was sent from Sian's phone to her sister, Ava Blake, saying she and the children needed to get away for a while.
Arthur Simpson-Kent with one of the sons he later killed. Rex
Police immediately went to Sian's house where they were greeted by Simpson-Kent, who told officers his partner and their two sons had gone to see a friend in Cambridge. Four hours later, when police returned to the house in Erith, south-east London at 8pm, they found the property in complete darkness, empty and locked up.
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
An escape
Arthur Simpson-Kent had taken off in Sian's car, and was nowhere to be seen. After initial concerns about his whereabouts, the then-48-year-old soon became high on the police's list of people to speak to.
It later emerged that Simpson-Kent was thousands of miles away. Having ditched Sian's car in London, he travelled to Glasgow and flew from there to Ghana - his country of birth - after using a friend's card to book the £900 flight.
Police launched appeals with the public for any information about the family, and they labelled Sian Blake a high-risk missing person due to her terminal illness. A neighbour of the family, Sandra Metzgen, spoke at the time about how worried she was for her: "Sian has motor neurone disease and I think it has got worse," she told the Sun. "No-one knows where she is. She was looking very thin and frail and I think her mum was worried about that. She was in hospital for quite a while and whether her condition has progressed I don't know."
"I am growing increasingly concerned for their welfare", DCI Graeme Gwyn said in the first public appeal on January 1, 2016.
A discovery
When Sian's car, a silver/beige Renault Scenic, was found 16 miles away in Bethnal Green, the police hunt intensified with a specific focus on Sian's home. On Tuesday January 5, 2016, a large police presence was visible at the Erith property, and the Metropolitan Police announced that afternoon that they had discovered three bodies buried in shallow graves in the garden.
Forensic police found Sian Blake's body along with those of her sons buried in the back garden of their home. Getty
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
The bodies had not been formally identified, but it was clear they belonged to Sian, Zacary and Amon. Sian's family were faced with the devastating realisation that she and her sons had been murdered, and that the messages sent from Sian's phone following her last sighting had not been sent by Sian herself. Police immediately focussed their attention on discovering Arthur Simpson-Kent's whereabouts, and when it was revealed he had fled to Ghana, police travelled to the African country with an arrest warrant to bring him home.
Simpson-Kent was eventually tracked down by local police officers at a beach in his native Ghana, where he was drinking from a coconut at the time of his arrest. A London-born cafe owner in the area at the time, Karole Ainoo, had recognised him and informed Scotland Yard of her sighting.
Deputy Detective Superintendent Hansen Gove, from the Ghanaian police, said at the time he was "incredibly proud to have brought in a fugitive so quickly and calmly, without injury to anyone".
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
In February 2016, Arthur Simpson-Kent was extradited to the UK, where he was later charged with the killings and forced to stand trial.
Why?
In April 2016, Simpson-Kent admitted to killing his partner Sian and their two children. In June, he pleaded guilty to all three counts of murder in court. Prosecuting lawyer Mark Heywood QC, said: "The evidence suggests, and this much is not disputed, that, on the night of December 14, 2015, the defendant killed each of them in turn with heavy, deliberate, repeated blows with a blunt instrument not since recovered, and then by cutting and stabbing them with a bladed weapon in a way that ensured their deaths."
Arthur Simpson-Kent was held in Accra, Ghana, after he fled to the country and was subsequently arrested. Getty
But why did he do it? Despite claims that Arthur Simpson-Kent had been a "controlling" and "abusive" partner to Sian, he insists he carried out the brutal murders because of Sian's motor neurone disease.
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
In a text message sent to his mother shortly after his extradition to the UK, Simpson-Kent wrote:
"Sorry for the attention I have brought to your life. Why? For months we discussed her options because of her illness and she told me if it got to a certain point she would like to die. And it got to that point.
"Why the children? Because the agreement without their parents there was no one qualified to raise them in the way they were accustomed to. Society was not an option neither was her family. So the final promise was we all go.”
"Why Ghana? I wanted to die in the place I was born and now is the time."
The Mirror reports his mother replied: "Arthur please don't kill yourself. We love you."
Arthur Simpson-Kent was sentenced to life imprisonment by a judge who said he had "no doubt" the defendant should receive the most severe punishment possible as a result of the "truly horrific" murder of his family.
In her impact statement, Sian's mother Lindell Blake said: "We live knowing that Sian and the children would have been scared, terrified before that monster slaughtered them in their home, a place they should have felt safe and secure.
"Sian was unable to protect her precious children. Little Zachary fighting back trying to protect his mother, himself or his little brother from his own father. Our nights are now sleepless despite our constant tiredness and extreme sadness which never leaves us."
Getty
Sian's sister Ava Blake also shared her devastation. Of the man who was found guilty of her sister and nephews' murders, she said: "I want him to face justice. It's my nephews more than anything. My brother is angry. My cousins are angry. They are angry about Sian, but the boys have devastated us. We have lost a generation.
"We can never replace them."
Follow Cat on Twitter.
PARIS, March 30 Below are company-related news and stories from French and Benelux media which could have an impact on the region's markets or individual stocks.
French CAC futures were flat by 0623 GMT.
FRENCH POLITICS:
Former Prime Minister Manuel Valls said on Wednesday he would vote for Emmanuel Macron in France's presidential election, becoming the biggest Socialist Party name to turn his back on its official candidate and support the centrist instead.
JCDECAUX
The French outdoor advertising company said German subsidiary WALL GmbH entered into short-term extension of Berlin advertising bus-shelter contract until end 2018.
PSA/ TOTAL
The French carmaker and the French oil and gas group renewed their partnership that comprises joint marketing initiatives and the recommendation of Total automotive lubricants to customers in PSA's networks.
SOITEC
The French semiconductor materials maker said it had ended a patent dispute with U.S. company Silicon Genesis Corp.
VIVENDI
The French media group is considering proposing its CEO Arnaud de Puyfontaine as Telecom Italia's next chairman, four sources close to the matter said.
Pan-European market data: European Equities speed guide................... FTSE Eurotop 300 index.............................. DJ STOXX index...................................... Top 10 STOXX sectors........................... Top 10 EUROSTOXX sectors...................... Top 10 Eurotop 300 sectors..................... Top 25 European pct gainers....................... Top 25 European pct losers........................ Main stock markets: Dow Jones............... Wall Street report ..... Nikkei 225............. Tokyo report............ FTSE 100............... London report........... Xetra DAX............. Frankfurt items......... CAC-40................. Paris items............ World Indices..................................... Reuters survey of world bourse outlook......... European Asset Allocation........................ Reuters News at a glance: Top News............. Equities.............. Main oil report........... Main currency report.....
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Click to play Tap to play
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Derby County moved back into the Sky Bet Championship play-off places tonight with a 3-1 win over Cardiff City.
That victory moved the Rams back above Millwall and into sixth, with two games remaining, while Cardiff are now just a point clear of third-placed Fulham in the race for the automatic promotion.
Callum Patterson gave the visitors a first-half lead, before Cameron Jerome drew Derby level in the second half.
Substitute Matej Vydra then made it 2-1, before Jerome added his second of the night to wrap up all three points.
Derby Telegraph chief football writer Steve Nicholson was at Pride Park tonight to give his player ratings.
timeline Derby County player ratings v Cardiff City Scott Carson - 6 Beaten by Paterson's volley Richard Keogh - 7 Sheer determination and desire to drag Derby back into the game Curtis Davies - 7 Strong performance against tough opponents Craig Forsyth - 6 Struggled first halves, looked nervous but improved second half Andre Wisdom - 7 Powerful display and his persitence set up Vydra's goal Tom Huddlestone - 7 Much better from him than we saw on Saturday Bradley Johnson - 7 Battling performance and credit to him given it was his second game in four days after being out injured Marcus Olsson - 5 Did not really offer a great deal at wing back for a second game Andreas Weimann - 7 Brought in for Vydra and was lively Tom Lawrence - 7 Worked tirelessly and his form in recent weeks has been good Cameron Jerome - 8 He needed a big performance and delivered one with a strong second half and two goals
SUBS
Matej Vydra (for Olsson, 60) - 7
Left out but came on to put Derby 2-1 up with a thumping finish
Jamie Hanson (for Lawrence, 88) N/A
Alex Pearce (for Weimann, 88) N/A
Contact
Whirlwind Media
***@whirlwind- media.com Whirlwind Media
End
-- KeepTruckin, the leading Electronic Logging Device (ELD) provider, today announced a partnership with the leading software solutions and service provider for the downstream petroleum industry, FireStream Worldwide.The addition of KeepTruckin to FireStream's fuel transport management application offers fuel wholesale distribution fleets the ability to integrate the affordable KeepTruckin ELD systems into their operations. Registered with the Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration (FMCSA) as a compliant solution, the KeepTruckin platform is the #1 rated ELD system for iOS and Android.With KeepTruckin's modern technology, FireStream's customers can access a platform that helps them reduce Hours of Service (HOS) violations, save time filling out and auditing paper logs, track vehicles in real-time, view vehicle breadcrumb location history for any day in the past, automate IFTA miles by jurisdiction, assess driver performance, actively monitor vehicle diagnostics, and allows geofencing, messaging and more."We're excited to partner with FireStream, an industry leader that shares our commitment to meeting fleets' pressing needs through a progressive, proactive and personalized customer experience,"said KeepTruckin Head of Partnerships John Verdon. "Additionally, KeepTruckin's ease-of-use will help FireStream's customers reduce administrative hours, streamline operations and create opportunities for driving business efficiencies.""As the petroleum industry anticipates the impending federal ELD mandate, our clients are looking for a cost-efficient option that ensures compliance without creating additional processes. Our integration with KeepTruckin enables us to provide this and a whole lot more." said Matthew Mossotti, Vice President of Sales & Marketing, FireStream Worldwide."KeepTruckin's iOS and Android functionality make it an ideal fit for an integration with DeliveryStream, FireStream's fuel delivery tablet application for transport truck drivers. Our strategic partnership with KeepTruckin allows us to provide our clients with a solution that integrates with their current fuel delivery platform to put actionable information from the truck engine at their fingertips."About KeepTruckinKeepTruckin was started with the singular mission to build a modern, smartphone based electronic logs and fleet management platform for the trucking industry. With financial backing from Google Ventures and Index Ventures, and the best software and hardware engineering team in the telematics business, KeepTruckin has established itself as the leading iPhone and Android Electronic Logging Device (ELD) and fleet management system in the market. To learn more about KeepTruckin, visit keeptruckin.com or call 855-434-ELOG.About FireStream WorldwideFireStream WorldWide works with elite petroleum wholesalers, retailers, and distributors in all 50 States and throughout Canada, providing end-to-end automated software and technology solutions to streamline efficiency and enhance profitability. From ERP back office software systems to truck technology and fuel inventory monitoring, FireStream's robust development capabilities provide cutting edge products that perpetually meet the always-changing needs of the evolving industry, giving customers a distinctive edge in the marketplace. For more information, visit www.firestream.com or call 1-800-886-2460 (tel:(800)%20886-2460).
ZAMBOANGA CITY: Unidentified gunmen strafed a motorized boat on Tuesday and wounded at least four people off the restive pro­vince of Basilan.
Police said the attackers, who were also on a boat, opened fire on the victims who came from the town of
Lantawan in Basilan and were on their way to the neighboring province of Sulu. Both Basilan and Sulu are part of the Autonomous Region in Muslim Mindanao.
The victims were rescued and brought to Zamboanga City for emergency medical treatment.
Police are investigating the motive of the attack as no individual or group has claimed responsibility for the incident.
Last week, gunmen also sprayed bullets on a house in the town of Ungkaya Pukan, Basilan and killed four of its occupants, one of them a former village chieftain. Police said it arrested one of the suspects.
It was unclear whether the attack was an offshoot of a clan war or political violence since village elections are coming up.
Political violence is notorious in the autonomous region where various rebel groups are actively operating and clan wars always play a part in the polls where opposing or feuding candidates are hotly contesting elective positions.
Allen Maintenance, Inc. wants to help Metro Detroit area businesses stay clean.
Allen Maintenance, Inc
Contact
Kim McKinney
313.383.4840
amc54@comcast.net Kim McKinney313.383.4840
End
-- Commercial cleaning services help local Michigan businesses maintain control over the spread of germs and bacteria. But, Allen Maintenance, Inc. thrives to make a bigger impact around Metro Detroit, by providing services with a quality of customer service that matters.In fact, Gerald Allen, founder of the Lincoln Park, MI. corporation, seeks to diminish the ideal that hiring commercial cleaning service providers is a waste of money. After all, businesses attract consumers and clients from all over Metro Detroit areas; providing easy gateways for germs and bacteria to spread.Allen Maintenance, Inc. thrives to combat the spread of germs and bacteria, with the support of its quality control team of trained employees, who pride their daily responsibilities of making sure all clients' commercial cleaning needs are met; and germs and bacteria are removed.Services provided, includes: daily removal of trash, sweeping, mopping, and vacuuming of all floors; sanitation of restrooms (i.e., sinks, mirrors, urinals, walls, and door handles). Specialty services are provided upon request.Free estimates and consultations are provided, as well as friendly responses to any questions, your business may have about services provided by Allen Maintenance, Inc.To learn more about, Allen Maintenance, Inc. log on to their Web site at http://www.allenmaintenancejanitorial.com Or, call their office Monday-Friday from 9am-3pm at 313.383.4840.You can also log on to the Allen Maintenance, Inc. Blog at ( http://www.allenmaintenancejanitorial.blogspot.com ) and learn about this A+ accredited Better Business Bureau commercial cleaning service provider; an active member of the ISSA Worldwide Cleaning Association.
MEMPHIS: Pilgrims come all day every day, filing past in silence, fighting back tears as they place mementos at Elvis Presley's gravesite, pausing to reflect, take pictures or say a prayer.
More than 600,000 fans visit each year, paying tribute to the icon of popular culture, the once rebellious sex symbol turned family entertainer of whom John Lennon said “before Elvis there was nothing.”
Forty years after his tragic death aged 42, floral tributes from around the world still line the Meditation Garden, where the king of rock ‘n' roll is buried at his Graceland home in Memphis.
On Tuesday thousands, if not tens of thousands, are expected to attend this year's candle-light vigil to mark the anniversary of Elvis' death.
Lisa Bseiso will be one of them. She had what she calls a “very spiritual, deep encounter” with Presley's spirit when she first visited Graceland with her husband in August 2014.
“He was sitting in a chair,” remembers the 36-year-old daughter of a Palestinian father and Colombian mother, born and raised in Qatar.
“He had tears coming down his eyes and he said ‘Don't forget me, spread my legacy in your part of the world,'” she recalls.
So she went home and set up The Official Elvis Presley Fan Club of Qatar, which she now plans to expand to Dubai, Bahrain and Kuwait.
‘Quasi-messianic'
“He's a gift from God to all of us,” she tells Agence France-Presse at Graceland, where she is visiting with her Palestinian-Jordanian husband, Colombian mother and friends.
“God took him back home, but he's still here.”
A life-long fan, listening to his music helped her recover from a car accident in 1999 that left her in a coma for two weeks, she says.
The idea that Presley's spirit lives on is central to his fans of all ages, from all countries, who find his music soothing in times of trouble and are moved by his rags-to-riches story and legendary generosity.
Presley is far more than just another poster child for the American dream or even a man whose looks matched the Greek definition of classical beauty, says British author Ted Harrison.
“The Elvis known today is not the real Elvis, but a mythological figure millions can relate to in their own way,” says the author of “The Death and Resurrection of Elvis Presley.”
“For some fans he also now fills a spiritual and religious vacuum in modern secular society. He is given a semi-divine, quasi-messianic status and mystical stories are told about his life.”
Thousands have shrines to Presley in their homes, consider visits to Graceland a pilgrimage, write prayers on the wall outside and some even go so far as to confuse him with Jesus, Harrison says.
‘God stamped him'
Bseiso does not elevate Presley to the status of prophet or Biblical figure, but has found in him a higher calling as she seeks to spread his music and challenge stereotypes about Arabs or the Middle East.
“I think when he was born God stamped him to be able to influence people and touch people,” she said. “His music talks to you… it has a spiritual meaning in his words.”
A 10-minute drive from Graceland, the guide at Sun Studio tells fans they are on “sacred and hallowed” ground in the basement studio where Presley recorded his first song “That's All Right” in 1954.
Ecstatic fans jostle to stand on the exact spot where he stood, and cradle and croon into the microphone he used, manically snapping photographs and tingling with delight.
“It's heaven!” sighs Daniela Soto-Cuadra, a 42-year-old lawyer and mother of two from Chile, getting married at Graceland on Monday to a man she's been dating only a month.
“I actually have goose bumps,” says Tessa Bruns, 40, an anesthetist from Wisconsin bursting with happiness under her baseball cap.
“Being a somewhat religious person and a Catholic,” she says, “I would say Elvis is a religion, the blues, the rhythm, his legacy.”
So what would she have told Presley had she ever met him? “I would say I think I worship the ground you walk on.” AFP
AFP/CC
Western Digital expects ruling on injunction request by mid-July -source
TOKYO, June 15 Western Digital Corp expects a ruling on its request for a court injunction to stop the sale of Toshiba Corp's chip unit by mid-July, a source familiar with the situation said on Thursday. The California-based firm presented a revised offer for the chip unit that met Toshiba's requests on Wednesday but did not receive a positive response, a separate source said.
April 20 Marcato Capital Management:
* Marcato Capital Management says urges Buffalo Wild Wings shareholders to vote for its slate of nominees to co's board - SEC filing
* Proposing Scott Bergren, Richard McGuire Iii, Sam Rovit and Emil Lee Sanders be elected as directors of Buffalo Wild Wings Source text: (bit.ly/2oOiyaj) Further company coverage: (Bengaluru Newsroom: +91 806 749 1136)
NYmag reports:
The tech, known as ChameleonMask, “uses a real human as a surrogate for another remote user. To do this, a surrogate user wears a mask-shaped display that shows a remote user's live face, and a voice channel transmits a remote user's voice.” It looks, to be sure, extremely natural and not unsettling.
“Human Uber,” developed in Japan, provides a way to attend events remotely using another person's body. “It's surprisingly natural” says its inventor, Jin Rekimoto of Sony #emtechasia pic.twitter.com/WZHPVcZ6M0 — will knight (@willknight) January 30, 2018
According to Rekimoto, “Our pilot study confirmed that people could regard the masked person as a right person.” The developers also tested cosplaying as an anime character in real life.
Learn more below:
Also On 93.9 WKYS:
Sixteen year old learner Thandeka Mdlalose, left rural KwaZulu Natal at 4am so that she could make it to Pretoria in time to lend her voice to a protest for scholar transport outside the Department of Education. The protest was organised by activists from Equal Education. Mdlalose was joined by other learners from KwaZulu Natal as well as Gauteng who together numbered about 200. They picketed outside the main entrance to the Department of Education head office.
The grade ten student is just one of thousands of South African school pupils who have to walk long distances to get to school daily. Mdlalose said that she has to walk about 5 to 7km to an area where she then has to take a taxi to get to school. She has to get up extra early to make sure she can cover the distance in time and the taxi fare adds another R350 to her family's monthly expenses. Much of the time she has to make the walk alone. On rural roads her uniform and shoes gets dusty and she feels unsafe.
She also talked of the poor state of the taxis that transports her and other learners to school. They are overloaded, unroadworthy and often in accidents; sometimes learners are killed in them.
Mdlalose said she was taking part in the protest to put pressure on the Minister of Basic Education, Angie Motshekga, to fast track a conditional grant for scholar transport. “Schools in rural areas like ours are in desperate need of safe, reliable transport to and from school. After walking for hours and sitting in those taxis I am tired when I reach home and this has a negative effect on my studies,” she said.
Samukelisiwe Kunene is an Equal Education activist who works with students in the Nquthu region in KwaZulu Natal. Kunene says that almost every learner from this area has to walk to school. “Some of these kids have to wake up about 4am everyday just so that they can leave their home by 5am because it takes them about 2 hours to get to their school. The routes are dangerous with some having to cross rivers,” said Kunene. Female learners are at a significantly higher risk of harm said Kunene. Learners have reported cases of sexual harassment and rape while making their way to school, she said.
In May Minister Motshekga announced plans to allocate ring-fenced funds to be utilized only for scholar transport. According to Luyolo Mazwembe, Equal Education's Head of National Organising, the purpose of the protest was to remind the minister of her commitments and to push the department for concrete deadlines and update the public with on progress.
Equal Education has been advocating for scholar transport since 2014 and claims that there are over one million learners who are in need of it. Among the demands contained in a memorandum handed over to the department was that the conditional grant for scholar transport be made available in the 2018/2019 financial year. Protesters also demanded that the department, by 30 October, provide a written explanation of its engagement with National Treasury on the grant.
The memorandum was received by Granville Whittle the deputy director general of the Department of Education and the man responsible for scholar transport. He said that he would hand over the memorandum to Motshekga and would ensure that a response was communicated by the 30 October deadline. Whittle said that the minister could not receive the memorandum in person as she had prior commitments. “The national treasury is responsible for conditional grants so at the moment we are engaging with them and as soon as we receive some feedback from them we will make an announcement,” he said. He stressed that no decision on the grant had been made yet and that discussions with the relevant departments were ongoing.
About 200 learners took part in the protest. Photo: Ihsaan Haffejee
By Ihsaan Haffejee
This story first appeared on GroundUp
South Africa Today – South Africa News
© 2017 GroundUp.
This article is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NoDerivatives 4.0 International License.
You may republish this article, so long as you credit the authors and GroundUp, and do not change the text. Please include a link back to the original article.
JERSEYVILLE — Authorities suspect a person whose body was found Friday in a burned-out car drove into an embankment and was uable to get out as grass under the engine caught fire.
The Illinois State Police Crime Scene Investigation Office and Illinois State Fire Marshal's Office have not made a final determination on what caused the fire on Phils Creek Road, a dead-end road near Jerseyville.
The car belonged to Betty A. Short, 85, of Carrollton. She had been missing for several days.
DNA tests are being conducted to confirm it was Short who was found inside the car. Coroner Larry Alexander said identification could not be made visually, which is why the DNA test is necessary.
Short disappeared from her home last week and a family member found her car Friday morning in rural Jersey County.
“We performed an autopsy on Sunday and we are waiting for some test results to get back before establishing a cause of death,” Alexander said.
Sheriff John Wimmersberg said the car was the Chevrolet Impala that Short had been driving.
“We have no reason to believe it isn't Betty Short,” Wimmersberg said.
While a specific time of the fire has not been determined, Wimmersberg said he believes the fire likely took place during the night or early morning hours.
“A fire like that would have had thick, black smoke billowing up,” Wimmersberg said. “There was nothing reported, so we believe it would have taken place at night, when you wouldn't have seen the smoke.”
The area around the accident scene is fairly isolated, but Wimmersberg said there are a few residents who could have seen the smoke if the fire had been during the day. Because the area is low-lying, Wimmersberg said it would have been difficult to see the glow of a fire from any of the nearby houses.
Greene County Sheriff Rob McMillen said he spoke with a Jerseyville resident who said Short had pulled into her driveway late Tuesday.
The location of the accident was south of the house where Short stopped and in the opposite direction of where Short told the resident she was going.
“[She] told the woman that she was lost and trying to find her sister, who lives in Carrollton,” McMillen said. “The lady said she left and said she knew where she was going and was heading back to town.”
McMillen said this is the first time Short had been missing.
“Her family said she had been getting a little forgetful, but nothing extreme,” McMillen said. “It was likely old age. She drove into town the day before she went missing and picked up her medication.”
http://myjournalcourier.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/02/web1_web-art.jpg
Samantha McDaniel-Ogletree can be reached at 217-245-6121, ext. 1233, or on Twitter @JCNews_samantha.
Samantha McDaniel-Ogletree can be reached at 217-245-6121, ext. 1233, or on Twitter @JCNews_samantha.
NEW YORK (AP) " Tracy K. Smith, the country's new poet laureate, would like to start a conversation.
"A poem asks you to let go many of your assumptions, move away from your own certainties and to listen," says Smith, 45, a Pulitzer Prize winner whose appointment to a one-year term was announced Wednesday by the Library of Congress.
Smith, who succeeds Juan Felipe Herrera, won the Pulitzer in 2012 for her poetry collection "Life on Mars" and was a National Book Award finalist for nonfiction three years later for her memoir "Ordinary Light." She has been praised for her command of language and emotions, for a vision that encompasses everything from space exploration to the death of her father, and her gift for both social commentary and personal reflection.
"Smith shows herself to be a poet of extraordinary range and ambition," poet Joel Brouwer, reviewing "Life on Mars," wrote in The New York Times in 2011. "As all the best poetry does, 'Life on Mars' first sends us out into the magnificent chill of the imagination and then returns us to ourselves, both changed and consoled."
Advertisement
Librarian of Congress Carla Hayden said in a statement that Smith "shows us through these poems how to think and feel our way through these big ideas. It's wonderful that her poetry can be so big and sprawling in its themes, and at the same time laser-focused in its words."
The laureate's responsibilities are few, allowing appointees to establish individual projects and priorities, such as the workshops for women organized by Maxine Kumin. The job's official title is the lofty "Poet Laureate Consultant in Poetry," with a more grounded stipend of $35,000. The laureate "serves as the nation's official lightning rod for the poetic impulse of Americans," according to the library, and "seeks to raise the national consciousness to a greater appreciation of the reading and writing of poetry."
Other previous laureates include Robert Pinsky, Rita Dove and Natasha Trethewey.
Smith's goals at this point are to use poetry as a bridge for people of different backgrounds and viewpoints. She accepts the job at a uniquely divided moment, serving during the administration of Donald Trump, a reliable villain at poetry readings. Poets laureate have little interaction with the president and have rarely been drawn into political conflict. An exception happened in 2003, during the administration of George W. Bush. Poet laureate Billy Collins stated he was opposed to war in Iraq and defended anti-war poets who led the White House to cancel a planned symposium with first lady Laura Bush.
"If political protest is urgent, I don't think it needs to wait for an appropriate scene and setting and should be as disruptive as it wants to be," Collins said at the time.
In April, Smith contributed to a "Resistance" series organized by the liberal publication Mother Jones, which asked "authors and creative types to name books that bring solace or understanding in this age of rancor." Smith's suggestions included "The Collected Poems of Lucille Clifton" and Solmaz Sharif's "Look," praised by Smith for calling "attention to the ways that official language has been employed in ways designed to deaden it (and us) of human feeling."
During her recent interview, Smith said she didn't see her new job as a "platform" for her own politics and called the laureate's job "beautifully remote from any kind of political obligation." She said any resistance will be to "pre-fabricated language," the kind absorbed through advertising or "clickbait on the internet."
"That resistance really resonates with me," she says. "I feel like books I highlighted (in the "Resistance" series) were a way of saying, 'Let's look at what language is doing, what it enables us to get away with, but also how it invites exploring what might be needed.'"
WASHINGTON (AP) — The Trump administration on Monday banned all use by Americans of Venezuelan cryptocurrency, saying that its introduction is intended to skirt U.S. sanctions.
In an executive order issued on Monday that took effect immediately, President Donald Trump declared illegal all transactions related to Venezuelan digital currencies, coins or tokens. The prohibition applies to all people and companies subject to U.S. jurisdiction. The move follows the introduction last month of a Venezuelan cryptocurrency known as the "petro," for which the government says it has received investment commitments of $5 billion.
In the executive order, Trump said it was an "attempt to circumvent U.S. sanctions" imposed for democratic backsliding.
The Treasury had said in January that the petro appeared to be an extension of credit to Venezuela and warned that transactions in it may violate U.S. sanctions.
Advertisement
In February, cash-strapped Venezuela became the first country to launch its own version of bitcoin, the petro, in a move that President Nicolas Maduro celebrated as putting his country on the world's technological forefront.
The petro is backed by Venezuela's crude oil reserves, the largest in the world, yet it has arrived on the market as the socialist country sinks deeper into an economic crisis marked by soaring inflation and food shortages that put residents in lines for hours to buy common products.
Maduro had announced late last year that he was creating the digital currency to outmaneuver U.S. sanctions preventing Venezuela from issuing new debt.
Bitcoin and other digital tokens are already widely used in Venezuela as a hedge against hyperinflation and an easy-to-use mechanism for paying for everything from doctor visits to honeymoons in a country where obtaining hard currency requires transactions in the illegal black market.
The government has promised that Venezuelans will be able to use the $60 coins to pay taxes and for public services. But with the Venezuelan minimum wage hovering around $3 a month, it's unlikely citizens will buy in large amounts.
U.S. President Donald Trump meets with Saudi Deputy Crown Prince and Minister of Defense Mohammed bin Salman in the Oval Office of the White House in Washington, U.S., March 14, 2017. REUTERS/Kevin Lamarque/File Photo
Saudi Deputy Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman waves as he meets with Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte in Riyadh, Saudi Arabia, April 11, 2017. Bandar Algaloud/Courtesy of Saudi Royal Court/Handout via REUTERS
DUBAI/CAIRO Saudi Arabia's powerful deputy crown prince ruled out on Tuesday any dialogue with arch rival Iran and pledged to protect his conservative kingdom from what he called Tehran's efforts to dominate the Muslim world.
In unusually blunt remarks, Prince Mohammed bin Salman said any struggle for influence between the Sunni Muslim kingdom and the revolutionary Shi'ite theocracy ought to take place "inside Iran, not in Saudi Arabia". He did not elaborate.
Prince Mohammed, also defence minister and a son of King Salman, also said in a nationally televised interview that Riyadh had the resources to crush Iran-aligned Houthi fighters in Yemen, where Saudi forces head an opposing coalition of Arab states, but that the cost would be heavy on both sides.
Saudi Arabia and Iran compete for influence in the Middle East, also supporting rival groups in Syria's civil war.
In Yemen, Iran denies Saudi accusations that it provides financial and military support to the Houthis who are fighting government forces allied with Saudi Arabia.
Asked if Saudi Arabia was ready to open a direct dialogue with Tehran, Mohammed said it was impossible to talk with a power that was planning for the return of the Imam Mahdi - who Shi'ites believe was a descendent of the Prophet who went into hiding 1,000 years ago and will return to establish global Islamic rule before the end of the world.
IDEOLOGY
"How do you have a dialogue with a regime built on an extremist ideology ... that they must control the land of Muslims and spread their Twelver Jaafari sect in the Muslim world," Mohammed said in the interview with MBC television, which was also broadcast on Saudi state television.
He was referring to the leader of Iran's 1979 Islamic revolution, Ayatollah Ruhollah Khomeini, who overthrew the monarchy.
He said that Iran's ideology was based on belief that "the Imam Mahdi will come and they must prepare the fertile environment for (his) arrival ... and they must control the Muslim world."
"We know that the aim of the Iranian regime is to reach the focal point of Muslims (Mecca) and we will not wait until the fight is inside Saudi Arabia and we will work so that the battle is on their side, inside Iran, not in Saudi Arabia."
Under Iran's constitution since the 1979 revolution, the country's supreme leader is the earthly representative of the Imam until his return.
CASUALTIES
Asked to respond to reports that after two years of war and Saudi's military intervention the Houthis, aligned to ex-Yemeni president Ali Abdullah Saleh, still control large swathes of Yemen and large quantities of weapons, Prince Mohammed said:
"We can uproot the Houthis and Saleh in a matter of days. We can mobilise Saudi land forces alone in days but the casualties in our forces will be in the thousands and the other result will be Yemeni civilian casualties in high numbers."
He said that time was on the Saudi side and the better choice was to exhaust the other side and choke off their supplies.
The two-year-old war has killed more than 10,000 people, according to United Nations figures, half of them civilians, and displaced more than three million.
(Additional reporting by Omar Fahmy in Cairo, writing by Sami Aboudi anhd William Maclean, Editing by Robin Pomeroy and John Stonestreet)
* Euro near multi-year peaks on yen, dollar
* Bond yields spike as inflation expectations flare
* BOJ offers to buy unlimited bonds to stop yields rising
* Bitcoin tumbles further from December's record high
* European shares seen dipping up to 0.4 pct
By Swati Pandey
SYDNEY, Feb 2 (Reuters) - The euro neared multi-year peaks on Friday as talk of policy tightening in Europe and expectations that inflation is set to gear up boosted borrowing costs globally, a move that sparked a sell-off in Asian equities.
European shares are seen soft, with spread-betters expecting up to a 0.4 percent fall in Germany's Dax, and smaller dips in France's Cac, Britain's FTSE.
Yields on 10-year U.S. Treasuries jumped to a near four-year peak, markedly steepening the curve and squeezing out investors who had feverishly bet on a tighter spread between longer-dated and short-dated yields.
Global central banks have recently struck a more hawkish tone with impressive economic data and buoyant oil prices driving up long-term inflation expectations.
The European Central Bank, for one, is widely expected to end its asset-purchase programme as early as September. That has pushed five-year German Bund yields above zero for the first time since 2015. UK gilt prices also cheapened significantly.
Investors reacted by bidding the euro broadly higher. The single currency stood near a 2-1/2 year top on the yen and a three-year peak on the dollar at $1.2500.
Yet rising U.S. yields have failed to prop up the dollar index, which paused around a three-year trough.
“The trade weighted dollar continued to weaken very broadly in 2018 with the two key pillars being growth strengthening elsewhere in the world, supporting emerging market forex... and central bank divergence narrowing, supporting euro, yen and British pound,” JP Morgan analyst Charles Perrin wrote in a note to clients.
“The currency was also dragged by U.S. politics.”
The United States is witnessing deep partisan political divisions and intra-party squabbles with lawmakers unable to find common ground on most issues. The federal government shut down last month for three days when Republicans and Democrats failed to strike a deal to fund public operations.
The dollar is not far off a 4-1/2 month low against the yen .
The Bank of Japan did its best to stem the rise in borrowing costs, stepping into the market on Friday with a promise to buy as many bonds as it would take to keep yields low.
Investors now await Januray's U.S. nonfarm payrolls repor for clues on the strength of the labour market.
Nonfarm payrolls probably rose by 180,000 jobs last month after increasing 148,000 in December, according to a Reuters survey of economists. The unemployment rate is forecast to be unchanged at a 17-year low of 4.1 percent.
Bitcoin, the world's biggest cryptocurrency, continued to tumble after hitting a record high $19,666 in December on the Bitstamp exchange. It was last down 3.4 percent at a more than two-month trough of $8,690.
The digital coin had skidded to its lowest since November, as a Facebook ban on cryptocurrency adverts and a growing regulatory backlash against the nascent market frightened investors.
UNEASE IN EQUITIES
Asian shares stumbled, with Korean and Japanese benchmark indices falling 1.7 percent and 0.9 percent respectively. .
MSCI's broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan slipped 0.3 percent and away from a record high.
Wall Street saw a mixed closing on Thursday with the Dow up 0.1 percent, the S&P 500 marginally off and Nasdaq down 0.35 percent.
High-profile tech companies reported after the closing bell on Wall Street, with Amazon.com surging 6 percent as it reported the largest profit in its history.
Alphabet was down nearly 3 percent in extended trade after its earnings missed estimates and Apple bounced more than 3 percent.
In commodities, gold hovered near a six-month peak at $1,348.9 an ounce.
Oil rose after a survey showed strong compliance with output cuts by OPEC and others including Russia, offsetting concerns about surging U.S. production.
U.S. crude rose 33 cents to $66.13 per barrel and Brent edged 18 cents higher to $69.83.
No one was injured late Monday night in a smokey fire at a multi-story senior housing apartment building, according to the Santa Maria Fire Department.
Firefighters were called out at about 10:45 p.m. to Union Plaza, 120 N. Broadway, and found fire alarms ringing and four smoke detectors activated on the third floor, Battalion Chief Scott Johnson said.
“Fire crews were assigned to the second, third, and forth floors to assist with locating the fire, removing occupants and sheltering in place,” Johnson said. “Fire crews were able to locate the source of smoke, which was burnt food in one of the occupancies.”
Firefighters ventilated the smoke from the third floor, and all the residents were allowed to return to their units, Johnson said.
There was no damage to the structure, Johnson said.
— Noozhawk executive editor Tom Bolton can be reached at .(JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address) . Follow Noozhawk on Twitter: @noozhawk, @NoozhawkNews and @NoozhawkBiz. Connect with Noozhawk on Facebook.
More Videos
3:01 Michael Bennett on why he sat during national anthem at Seahawks' preseason opener
5:40 Gregg Bell on Michael Bennett's anthem sit, backup QBs shining and more from preseason opener
2:09 Ex-UW WR Kasen Williams on his fave of 4 circus grabs in Seahawks' preseason opener
2:23 Coach Pete Carroll on Paul Richardson's injury, more from Seahawks preseason opener
0:57 Seahawks rookie CB Shaquill Griffin all smiles after starting in his 1st NFL game
3:27 Gregg Bell from California on what to expect from Seahawks' preseason opener
4:03 Seahawks DE Cliff Avril after receiving foundation donation from United Way
4:21 Pete Carroll on Eddie Lacy, Thomas Rawls, Seahawks preseason opener
2:25 Russell Wilson on his passing, Rawls, Carson, more from Seahawks camp
5:20 Gregg Bell on what he saw, heard and thought of day 9 in Seahawks training camp
2:53 Rookie Amara Darboh jokes with Michael Bennett, talks being a Seahawks WR
April 28 Daito Trust Construction Co Ltd
* Says it will repurchase up to 1.6 million shares, representing 2.1 percent of outstanding
* Says share repurchase price at up to 24.7 billion yen in total
* Says repurchase period from May 1 to March 30, 2018
Source text in Japanese:goo.gl/19O3aO
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
PARIS (AP) " Paris Saint-Germain's front trio of striker Edinson Cavani flanked by wingers Angel Di Maria and Julian Draxler has the makings of a stunning attacking combination.
Barcelona will testify to that, after the five-time European champion was swept aside 4-0 by PSG in the first leg of their Champions League Round of 16 match on Tuesday. Di Maria scored twice, with Cavani and Draxler getting one goal each " quite an impact in their first European match together.
Soccer fans know all about Barça's world famous attacking trio of Lionel Messi, Luis Suarez and Neymar " known as the MSN. They led Barcelona to the Spanish league and cup double and the Champions League in 2015 and continue as constant threat in attack.
Now European defenses have the CDD combination to worry about. If Cavani, Di Maria and Draxler continue like this, PSG can be a Champions League contender. At least the secret's out ahead of the return leg in Barcelona on March 8.
The fact Barcelona failed to deal with the CDD can partly be explained by the simple fact there was no way of knowing what they would produce together.
It is well known how the MSN operate. Stopping them is a different matter " although the information is there because countless videos of their matches are available.
However, there was precious little Barça coach Luis Enrique could work with in terms of researching the CDD trio as a front three.
For while they are established internationals in their own right" Cavani with Uruguay, Di Maria with Argentina and Draxler with Germany " they had previously started only one league game together.
Draxler only joined in January; and since his arrival PSG coach Unai Emery has preferred Brazilian Lucas as his other winger, rather than Di Maria. Surprisingly, Emery dropped Lucas and selected Di Maria, despite his disappointing performances for most of the campaign.
Continued below.
Related Content Basketball: Steven Adams posts double-double, but Thunder lose to Spurs Scheifele, Trouba score as Jets beat Blues 5-3 NBA Capsules: Spurs beat Thunder while Wizards defeat Knicks
It proved an inspired move, with the rejuvenated Di Maria paying Emery back with an outstanding performance.
There was an element of surprise in PSG's favor, too, with Barcelona's back four unsure how to defend against the trio. They seemed concerned about pushing up and leaving space behind. But when they sat back, PSG's wingers switched flanks and pulled Barça's defenders out of position.
Each of PSG's three forwards offers something different, and they complimented each other well.
Cavani is a direct player, whose early runs are easily picked out by his quick-thinking wingers " who are both accurate passers. Cavani already has 34 goals this season, just four shorts of his career best set with former club Napoli.
The 23-year-old Draxler is a quick and athletic player who reads the game well. He has excellent technique and an eye for goal, having scored five in nine games since joining after a frustrating spell with German club Wolfsburg, where he failed to score in 14 games this season.
Di Maria likes to drift around and his tendency to crave space makes him less disciplined than Draxler, but Di Maria is more intuitive.
"They are world-class players," Luis Enrique said of PSG's front three. "They have a big attacking potential, work hard in defense and are incredible on the ball."
PSG has been desperate to join Europe's top clubs since Qatari owners QSI took over nearly six years ago.
In the last four years, PSG went out in the quarterfinals and last year's elimination led to coach Laurent Blanc being fired.
PSG president Nasser Al-Khelaifi liked what he saw in Emery, who guided Sevilla to three straight Europa League titles, and Blanc made way.
"This was the best performance I've been part of since coming to PSG," said midfielder Blaise Matuidi, one of QSI's first signings after its takeover in June, 2011.
The win over Barcelona sent out a warning to the rest of Europe that PSG " and its CDD " mean serious business.
Children's social work is becoming an increasingly pressing issue. In fact, there is a record number of children in care in the UK according to figures published in March 2017, and at least half a million children in England don't have a safe or stable home. In 2013, Frontline was established by Josh McAlister, an alumnus of the University of Edinburgh. Frontline is a charity devoted to dealing with the difficulties we are facing within the social work system.
Frontline recruits and trains high-achieving graduates in order for them to become life-changing child protection workers. Offering a two-year leadership development programme, Frontline's scheme includes fully-funded, in-practice training, a postgraduate diploma, and eventually a masters degree in social-work. Although the programme's popularity and application numbers have increased year after year since its founding, one issue that Frontline is trying to tackle is the perception of social work as a gendered profession.
Frontline are looking to dispel various stigmas and stereotypes that surround a career in social work. By recruiting people from a variety of genders and backgrounds, Frontline hopes to produce a field of professionals that is representative of the society we live in. In doing so this will assist Frontline in their mission to transform the lives of vulnerable children.
Having the chance to interview Nick Roberts, another alumnus of the University of Edinburgh who is currently part of the 2016 cohort of the Frontline programme in Sunderland, revealed how the programme is both challenging and diverse. He stated that every day is different and followed on by giving us an example of one of his home visits that led to him having to unexpectedly take a mother and child from their home, due to the safety risks they faced in their current environment. Inspired to join the programme after being a brand manager at the University of Edinburgh and volunteering at a number of different third-sector organisations, he wanted to be involved in a life-changing career.
One of his main talking points was discussing the very small percentage of male colleagues he had in his cohort, and what he felt could be done to improve these statistics. He believed that more could be done earlier on in a student's career at school or university in order to alter their perceptions of social work. This, he noted, could be achieved through having more male brand ambassadors at universities and also through more gender-neutral marketing materials.
Speaking to Josh McAlister, founder of Frontline, also provided valuable insight into the importance of organisations such as Frontline and The Student was able to ask him some questions:
Can you tell us a bit about your background here at Edinburgh?
I studied a degree in politics and social policy and was honoured to be student president between 2007 and 2008.
What was it that inspired you to create Frontline?
After graduating from the University of Edinburgh, I joined Teach First where I had the chance to teach at a secondary school in Manchester. Here I worked first-hand with children who had social-workers involved in their home lives and I was able to see the incredible difference social workers could make to a young person that needed some help and support. It was never a career myself or my friends had considered, but I also saw that improvements could be made within the profession. Considering how important social work is, something needed to be done.
When you founded Frontline, I understand that some people were critical of the ‘fast-track' nature of the programme. How did you deal with this? Have you found that the response has changed now Frontline is clearly established?
There was an independent evaluation published in 2016 that found that despite being a fast-track scheme, the skills that Frontline graduates possessed were of a higher quality than many other social workers who qualified through other roots, data which came from a Cardiff University study. This shows that it is not down to the duration of time spent training, but how that time is spent. I understand that sometimes new initiatives disrupt tradition and so some scepticism can be expected. A total of 1,000 people will have been recruited by Frontline after this year and now people can see that these are great and talented professionals who are ready to join the great work that social workers already do.
Why do you think that social work is predominantly female? How can we change this?
There are some old fashioned stereotypes that are often applied to professions associated with care roles and these stereotypes need to be challenged. When people hear about what social work actually involves – it is challenging and rewarding – then is attractive to both men and women in equal measures. We want the next cohort of successful applicants to Frontline not only to be the biggest ever, but also the most diverse every in terms of BAME, men, women and graduates from different subject backgrounds too.
Where do you see yourself in 10 years' time?
What I love doing is disrupting things and making change happen. I know that's where I get my energy and satisfaction from – as long as I'm doing that I'll be happy.
Finally, what is your favourite memory from your time as a student at the University of Edinburgh?
It was great to hang out in Edinburgh during the festival season and being able to sneak into Teviot to enjoy the shows. It's incredible to see the city when it's doubled in population.
While applications for Frontline's leadership development programme, aimed at graduates and career changers, are currently closed, Frontline offers both student and graduate internships as well as on-campus roles as brand managers throughout the academic year.
For information on Frontline's student and graduate opportunities, visit their website: https://thefrontline.org.uk/home/our-programmes/opportunities/.
Image: Frontline
* Big U.S. hi-tech shares all hitting record high
* North Korea concerns ease a tad after Trump comments
* China, U.S. factory readings show slower but still solid growth
* U.S. 30-yr yield above 3 pct after Mnuchin's bond remarks
* European shares seen rising 0.2-0.3 pct
By Hideyuki Sano
TOKYO, May 2 Asian shares rose to near two-year highs on Tuesday as growing optimism over tech industry earnings and easing concerns over North Korea offset softer-than-expected factory readings in China and the United States.
MSCI's broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan gained 0.5 percent to its highest level since June 2015, as many of the region's markets reopened after a long holiday weekend. Japan's Nikkei rose 0.7 percent.
European shares are seen rising after a market holiday on Monday, with spread-betters expecting Britain's FTSE to rise 0.3 percent and Germany's DAX 0.2 percent.
On Wall Street on Monday, the S&P 500 gained 0.17 percent and the Nasdaq Composite added 0.73 percent to a record closing high, although the Dow Jones Industrial Average fell 0.13 percent.
Notably, the world's five largest companies by market capitalisation -- Apple, Alphabet, Microsoft , Amazon and Facebook -- all hit intraday or closing highs.
"For those large shares to rally to record highs at the same time, you really need a big amount of money flowing in. It is fair to assume the money that was once staying in the bond markets is now going to hi-tech shares on back of their strong earnings," said Norihiro Fujito, senior investment strategist at Mitsubishi UFJ Morgan Stanley Securities.
The gains in hi-tech shares accelerated after strong earnings from Google, Amazon and Microsoft last week. Apple is due to report its results on Tuesday and Facebook on Wednesday.
In Asia, Samsung Electronics gained as much as 2.0 percent at one point, helping to lift Kospi index 0.7 percent to within reach of its all-time high marked in 2011.
Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Co (TSMC) hit a record high, rising as much as 2.3 percent.
"The memory and the DRAM sector has seen huge consolidation globally. What that has meant is stronger pricing power," said Andrew Gillan, head of Asia ex-Japan equities at Henderson Global Investors.
"Earnings have been much stronger than expected in the memory sector."
In Hong Kong, Tencent gained 1.3 percent at most, hitting record highs.
Strong demand for various products related to the so-called Internet of Things (IoT), in which regular products are connected to networks, are supporting hi-tech demand, said Yukino Yamada, senior strategist at Daiwa Securities.
Worries about tensions over the Korean peninsula also eased slightly after U.S. President Donald Trump on Monday opened the door to meeting North Korea's Kim Jong-un, saying he would be honoured to meet the young leader under the right circumstances.
The CBOE Volatility Index, a barometer of expected near-term stock market volatility, closed at its lowest level since Feb 2007, suggesting investors' fears were easing.
In the foreign exchange market, diminishing risk aversion is helping the dollar to gain a foothold at one-month high of 112 yen.
The euro was little moved at $1.0911, stuck in a well-worn range ahead of the second round of the French presidential election on Sunday.
The Australian dollar rose 0.2 percent to $0.7537, as Australia's central bank held rates steady for a ninth straight month in a widely expected decision.
The currency showed limited reaction to a private sector survey that showed growth in Chinese factory activity slowed to its weakest pace in seven months.
The factory survey echoed findings from China's official readings at the weekend which also showed the pace of growth was easing, but still solid. Most analysts attributed the softening to weaker prices for raw materials such as iron ore.
U.S. economic data announced on Monday also fell short of expectations. U.S. factory activity slowed in April, with ISM manufacturing activity index falling to 54.8 from 57.2 in March, an unexpectedly large retreat.
"Given that reading for March was really strong, you can say that it has become 'strong' from 'super-strong'," said Mitsubishi UFJ's Fujito.
U.S. consumer spending was unchanged in March and a key inflation measure recorded its first monthly drop since 2001.
Still economists expect the Federal Reserve to raise interest rates in June as the labour market seems to be tightening.
Money market futures are pricing in about 70 percent chance in June. Virtually no one expects a rate hike in its upcoming meeting on May 2-3.
In the U.S. bond market, the 30-year U.S. Treasuries yield rose above 3 percent for the first time since April 10 after U.S. Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin said the government is looking into the issuance of ultra long-term bonds, or those with maturities beyond 30 years.
Fear of more issues in those maturities lifted the yield spread between 10- and 30-year bonds to 0.69 percentage point, its highest since early December.
The 10-year yield stood at 2.327 percent, below a two-week high of 2.350 percent set on April 26.
Oil prices were under pressure as rising crude output on Libya and the United States outweighed OPEC-led production cuts aimed at clearing a supply glut.
Brent futures stood at $51.38 per barrel, down 14 cent, or 0.3 percent. (Additional reporting by Nichola Saminather in Singapore; Editing by Kim Coghill and Sam Holmes)
Justin Sullivan/Getty Images
GREENBRAE, CA - MAY 02: The Chevron logo is displayed at a Chevron gas station on May 2, 2014 in Greenbrae, California. Chevron Corp. reported a 27 percent plunge in first quarter profits with earnings of $4.51 billion, or $2.36 a share, compare to $6.18 billion, or $3.18 a share, one year ago. (Photo by Justin Sullivan/Getty Images)
BERLIN German unemployment fell more than expected in April, data showed on Wednesday, in a further sign that the robust labour market will continue to boost domestic demand and support growth in Europe's largest economy.
The seasonally adjusted jobless total fell by 15,000 to 2.543 million, the Federal Labour Office said. That was more than the predicted fall of 12,000 in a Reuters poll.
The adjusted unemployment rate remained at 5.8 percent, the lowest level since German reunification in 1990.
"With the continuing spring recovery, the number of unemployed people again fell significantly in April," Detlef Scheele, head of the Federal Labour Office, said in a statement. "The positive development on the labour market continues."
(Reporting by Joseph Nasr; Editing by Madeline Chambers)
Photo by Theo Welling
Foxing performed a sold-out show at the Firebird to celebrate the release of Dealer in December 2015.
19. Foxing – Dealer (Triple Crown, 2015)
Foxing's debut The Albatross felt like a literal shock to the system, a defibrillator for broken hearts. Relief doesn't come much more immediate than screaming, “SO WHHYYYYYYYYYYYYY don't you love me back” at Conor Murphy, to say nothing of “I'M NOT WAVING, I'M DROWNING” or “SHE SAYS ‘YOU DON'T LOVE ME YOU JUST LOVE SEX.'” But while the crowds got to go home and move on, Foxing had to relive this stuff nearly every single night for two years. Dealer certainly seemed like it went out of its way to preemptively deny such easy catharsis—drums would go silent for long stretches, the lyrics and arrangements were far more ornate and dense, there's about nine total minutes of instrumental string interludes and all of it was given a cool, sapphire polish by post-rock maven Matt Bayles. Yet Dealer managed to be even more raw and vulnerable than The Albatross, working with the kind of dark matter excavated after years of therapeutic process rather than a night of heavy drinking: the psychosexual trauma of Catholic upbringings, survivor's guilt, abortion, the emotional toll of reliving your darkest secrets night after night and bassist/songwriter Josh Coll's PTSD from serving in Afghanistan. While The Albatross was way too over-the-top for some, thankfully the five members of Foxing were the only ones who said, “not emo enough” and dug deeper.
9. Foxing – The Albatross (Count Your Lucky Stars, 2013)
As a concept album, The Albatross is burdensome and brimming with guilt, anguish and cogent references to water. Conor Murphy's vocals have the desperation of someone drowning, and the backbone of someone refusing to let themselves be submerged. Foxing's debut is bolstered by a single song that embodies the genre fusion that the band does best: “Rory” is all screaming melodrama and unrequited love, but a proud trumpet and a haunting piano melody mold it into something transcendent. The Albatross is littered with similar instrumental and stylistic ticks—the Broadway-ready arrangement on “Bloodhound,” the divine harmonies of “Quietus”—for a result that, much like the sea, can't be contained.
Yesterday,magazine published its list of the "30 Best Emo Revival Albums," celebrating the relatively recent resurgence (2013 or so is when the music world at large finally noticed, though the genre never really went away) of the punk-damaged, heart-on-the-sleeve art form. Some 26 bands from across the map saw their albums celebrated.Only a small handful, however, had multiple albums appear on the list. St. Louis' Foxing is one of those bands, with 2015'slanding at 19 and 2013'scoming in at number 9. Only three other bands — Joyce Manor, Hotelier, and The World is a Beautiful Place and I Am No Longer Afraid to Die — saw more than one of their albums make the cut.Let's see whathad to say. Here's what writer Ian Cohen wrote aboutSolid praise! Now how about? Briana Younger writes:readers have been hip to Foxing for some time — the band was named a "Heavy Hitter" in this week's inaugural STL-77 issue , won an RFT Music Award in 2014 for "Best Emo/Post-Hardcore" and was the subject of a cover story in late 2015 around the release of. It is good that the larger music world is taking notice of its considerable impact as well.According to its social media accounts, Foxing is currently working on material for a new album. The band says it is working under "no real timframe," but as of May 10 it announced that "new songs are slowly taking shape."Could Fox threepeat? Time will tell — but if past success is any indication, the odds are certainly in the band's favor.
“The two greatest tragedies in our country” are “slavery and abortion,” claimed John Kenneth Bush in one of his Facebook posts.
President Donald Trump nominated a Louisville lawyer, infamous for racially-charged comments, for judgeship.
John Kenneth Bush, a Sixth Circuit nominee from Kentucky, is a right-wing blogger who is reportedly against civil rights. He has published several controversial opinions under a pseudonym and is now running to become a judge on a powerful federal appeals court.
Bush's controversial opinions were on full display at his confirmation hearing, which turned into a mess. The lawyer had a hard time defending his previous statements, such as the one in which he compared abortion to slavery.
Bush has also endorsed birtherism. During the hearing, Sen. Al Franken (D-MN) mentioned a racist blog post where the nominee heavily relied on World Net Daily - a conservative site famous for selling conspiracy theories such as the birther libel against former President Barack Obama.
In the post—titled, “‘Brother's Keeper'—As In, Keep That Anti-Obama Reporter In Jail!” —Bush publicized a World Net Daily story that claimed one of the publication's reporters was being held by immigration officials in Kenya after the reporter went there to investigate Obama's Kenyan half-brother. The post also accused Obama of being responsible for the reporter being detained without any evidence whatsoever.
Fast forward to the hearing, Bush acted as if he didn't know who he was writing for. “I was certainly not intending to endorse any views of another group, as far as birtherism goes,” he said referencing that particular blog post.
In another post, published in 2008, “The Legacy from Dr. King's Dream That Liberals Ignore,” wrote “slavery and abortion” are the “two greatest tragedies in our country.
When Sen. Dianne Feinstein (D-CA) inquired if he still holds the same views about abortion, Bush attempted to paint his views on Roe v. Wade as relatively harmless. “I believe that [Roe] is a tragedy,” he said, “in the sense that it divided our country.”
Roe v. Wade was a law that made assisting women in getting an abortion a crime.
Furthermore, the controversial lawyer dismissively referred to the brutal 1993 beating of Rodney King by Los Angeles police officers as a “police encounter,” in his Senate questionnaire.
Bush also believes a landmark Supreme Court ruling protecting the freedom of the press was wrongly decided, a view that is consistent Trump's draconian take on mainstream media.
Like a lot of other Trump picks, Bush also doesn't seem to fit the role he is being appointed for.
April 13 Guangzhou Lingnan Group Holdings Co Ltd :
* Sees Q1 FY 2017 net profit to increase by 390 percent to 436 percent compared with the results before restructure, or to be 32 million yuan to 35 million yuan
* Says Q1 FY 2016 net profit was 6.5 million yuan (before restructure), or 32.7 million yuan (after restructure)
Source text in Chinese: goo.gl/E7BSYb
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
Thousands packed into the Kelmarsh estate over Easter weekend to enjoy an array of stunts, country pursuits and fine foods.
Among those attending the Kelmarsh Country Show this year were Europe's number one stunt and trick riding team, Devil's Horsemen, who performed breath-taking displays before the crowds.
Kelmarsh Country Show 2017 NNL-170418-091919009
The Essex Dog Display Team and falconry expert Terry Large were also among those giving demonstrations alongside Chris ‘The Countryman' Green who dispensed tips on bird nesting, rabbit catching, pigeon shooting and all there is to know about fishing. And on the subject of angling, Hywel Morgan, son of the late TV legend Moc Morgan, returned for the 2017 show this Easter, for some practical demonstrations in fly-fishing.
Elsewhere at the Kelmarsh Country Show this Easter, visitors enjoyed dedicated village housing everything to do with shooting and conservation, hot air balloons, a survival camp and both craft and antiques fairs.
Download our app by clicking here to download from Google Play or clicking here to download from Apple's App Store.
Kelmarsh Country Show 2017 NNL-170418-092050009
Kelmarsh Country Show 2017 Ferruginous Hawk NNL-170418-091932009
Kelmarsh Country Show 2017 The Bifrost Guard living history encampment NNL-170418-092222009
Kelmarsh Country Show 2017 NNL-170418-092130009
Kelmarsh Country Show 2017 The Bifrost Guard living history encampment NNL-170418-092116009
Kelmarsh Country Show 2017 Ashy Faced Owl NNL-170418-092103009
CARRANGLAN, Nueva Ecija: Twenty six passengers were confirmed dead and scores of others were injured after an Ilocos-bound bus fell into a deep ravine Tuesday in Barangay Capintalan, Carranglan, Nueva Ecija.
The Leomarick bus was negotiating the Cagayan Valley-Nueva Ecija highway when it fell into the 100-meter ravine.
Police Provincial director Senior Supt. Antonio Yarra said rescue operations continue.
Five persons died and 30 others were injured when a Victory Liner bus fell into the same ravine on July 12, 2016. CELSO M. CAJUCOM
Jacinda Ardern and Government welcomed on to Karetu Marae
The sound of warriors welcoming the Prime Minister onto Kelvin Davis' marae sent a booming echo across the valley at Karetu.
CHICAGO (AP) — The Latest on Michigan State University ties to a Chicago-area coach accused of sexual abuse (all times local):
1:00 p.m.
A lawyer for a prominent Chicago-area volleyball coach accused of raping six underage girls he trained says his client has never sexually abused anyone and that he isn't affiliated with Michigan State University.
Danielle D'Ambrose says in a statement that the allegations against Rick Butler are "absolutely false."
Advertisement
Three women publicly accused him in 1995 of raping them in the 1980s. A 1995 report from an Illinois state agency found no evidence to support Butler's contention that the women were lying.
Letters obtained by The Associated Press reveal that Michigan State has been under pressure to sever any ties to Butler. The university recruited players he trained and played exhibition games at his suburban Chicago facilities. Other colleges have done the same.
The statement issued Tuesday says Butler has "no affiliation" with the school. Michigan State similarly says Butler isn't affiliated with the university.
__
12:01 a.m.
Michigan State University has maintained ties to a prominent volleyball coach for decades after he was publicly accused in 1995 of sexually abusing and raping six underage girls he trained.
Letters obtained by The Associated Press from accusers' advocates reveal the school has been pressured for at least a year to sever its relationship with Rick Butler.
Butler runs suburban Chicago training facilities that have been a pipeline for top recruits, including to MSU.
MSU has been reeling from the scandal involving a gymnastics doctor, Larry Nassar, who molested young athletes.
The university said in a Monday statement that Butler is currently "not affiliated with MSU." But it didn't address other questions put to it, including when any affiliation might have ended.
Butler was never criminally charged. He denies sexually abusing anyone.
Hong Kong stocks end at 3-week low as rates rise
June 15 Hong Kong stocks fell to a three-week low on Thursday, led by the property sector, as borrowing costs in the city looked set to rise after a U.S. interest rate hike.
During an interview for Fox News, a host shamed former congressman Newt Gingrich for blaming the GOP baseball shooting on democrats.
The tragic shooting at the Republican baseball practice in Alexandria, Virginia, remains in the spotlight as more information about the shooter is revealed. Still, until a full investigation is completed, it's hard to pinpoint exactly what motivated the attacker.
Former House Speaker Newt Gingrich, however, wasn't down with waiting, as he seemed to have it all figured out promptly after the first reports hit the news, according to Raw Story.
Thankfully, even some Fox News hosts seem to have a better grasp of the situation than the former congressman.
“The intensity on the left is very real,” Gingrich said while talking to Fox News. “Whether it's a so-called comedian holding up the president's head in blood, or it's right here, in New York City, a play that shows the president being assassinated. Or it's Democratic leading national politicians who are so angry they have to use vulgarity because they can't find any common language.”
Instead of blaming the shooter, Gingrich decided to blame anyone whose political views may not align with his own saying that left-wing “hysteria” is the cause.
Taking on the sane perspective, Fox's Melissa Francis interjected, asking whether the former congressman should be blaming Democrats who are vocal about their dislike for President Donald Trump for this attack.
“With respect, though, even if everything you're saying is true, to talk about it in those kinds of terms, in left and right, right now in the wake of it, does that make sense?” she added.
Gingrich didn't take the bait. Instead, he doubled down, stating that people on the left using aggressive terms to describe the president have been somehow to blame for provoking this type of behavior.
Newt Gingrich shamed for blaming GOP baseball shooting on Democrats using 'vulgar' language https://t.co/rcgES4dl37 — mike humphrey (@ontopofit1974) June 14, 2017
It seems as if, to some conservatives, the attacker is the only one to blame when they display characteristics that may peg them as right-leaning, but when an assailant shows left-leaning tendencies, then the country as a whole is to blame. We see what you did there, former congressman — and it stinks.
The government should use a $100 million fund to get cracking helping those with mental health issues, rather than parking the cash until an inquiry is finished, the opposition says
National Party Mental Health Spokesperson Matt Doocey said the new government last week admitted it had inherited $100m - set aside by National when in power - to fund 17 health initiatives.
They included a pilot program that would have support workers joining police and ambulance in responding to 111 calls requiring a mental health intervention, and another aiming to improve the wellbeing of Northland children.
These were already backed by the government's own chief science advisors and aimed to provide mental health treatment as well as wraparound and prevention services, Mr Doocey said.
Despite this, the new government was yet to commit to the measures.
"These initiatives would have been making a real difference to peoples' lives and there is no good reason why they aren't already," he said.
Prime Minister Jacinda Ardern instead launched a mental health inquiry as a key election promise and top priority of her Labour-led government's 100-day.
It would attempt to identify unmet needs in mental health and addiction services - along with which groups were most affected - before making recommendations about improvements and which bodies should carry them out.
Chaired by health law Professor Ron Paterson, it would be expected to report back to the government by October 31.
LONDON, April 5 European shares gained slightly on Wednesday as higher oil prices and deals boosted energy stocks, with investors cheering improved synergies from an oil services takeover.
The pan-European STOXX 600 index was up 0.1 percent by 0720 GMT.
Oil & gas stocks were the second best sectoral gainers, up 1 percent, while basic resources gained 1.3 percent. Crude prices rose to a near one-month high on signs of a gradual tightening in global oil inventories.
Oil services groups Wood Group and Amec Foster Wheeler were the top European gainers, up 3 and 2.7 percent respectively, after Wood Group said it expected about 36 percent more cost savings from its deal to buy Amec for 2.2 billion pounds ($2.7 billion).
British miner BHP Billiton was also a top gainer, up 2.9 percent after it became the fourth miner to declare force majeure on Australian coal mines disrupted by Cyclone Debbie, pushing up coking coal futures.
Outdoor advertising company JCDecaux was among the biggest fallers, down 3.6 percent after JP Morgan cut its shares to 'neutral' from 'overweight', saying contract losses such as the Velib Paris bicycles contract, and a slow recovery to profitability for major contracts suggested limited earnings upside.
Autos stocks were again the worst-performing sector, down 0.5 percent.
Finnish utility Fortum and Swedish engineering company Skanska were top fallers after going ex-dividend.
(Reporting by Helen Reid, editing by Kit Rees)
May 3 Bunge Ltd:
* Bunge reports first quarter 2017 results
* Q1 GAAP earnings per share $0.31
* Q1 earnings per share view $0.70 -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* Q1 net sales $11,121 million versus $8,916 million
* Expect solid earnings growth in 2017
* Agribusiness impacted by delayed farmer selling in quarter
* Qtrly adjusted earnings per share from continuing operations $0.35
* In agribusiness, expect improvement in 2017 from last year's results
* Slow pace of farmer selling in South America "compressed margins" in agribusiness and led to a lower than expected Q1
* Q1 revenue view $8.90 billion -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* "In oilseeds, product demand is strong and in line with our long term projections"
* In food & ingredients, expect edible oils to continue to show strong year-over-year improvement in 2017 on higher volumes and margins
* Sees year-over-year earnings growth in 2017, although below company's prior expectations
* In fertilizer, expect 2017 EBIT of approximately $25 million
* Delivered $22 million of cost savings in q1 and are on track to achieve $100 million of benefits in 2017
* Have reduced expected capex spend by $50 million to a range of $700 million to $750 million in 2017
* Higher oilseed processing results in China, due to improved margins and volumes, offset lower crush results in U.S. for agribusiness in quarter
* Adjusting full-year 2017 EBIT range for agribusiness to $800 million to $925 million, weighted to second half of year Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
MC Financial, Inc., to begin implementation and transition of mortgage origination and operations to the digital platform
Contact
Phil Treem
MC Financial, Onc.
***@mcfinc.com Phil TreemMC Financial, Onc.
End
-- MC Financial, Inc. announced today their plan to transition to a digital mortgage platform to improve the mortgage ecosystem for clients, partners, and staff. In connection with the recent announcement on the adherence to Fannie Mae's Day 1 Certainty, the mortgage origination process was next in the upgrade process. An internal testing phase will begin in early September with the incorporation of usability testing and Loan Origination System (LOS) integration among other vendor integration tests.MC Financial, Inc. already offers one of the finest communications platforms in the mortgage industry to its clients and real estate agents, providing transparency and automation to all participants within a mortgage transaction. The digital mortgage platform further enhances the upfront application experience for our clients providing a seamless real-time experience. It will allow our clients to reach Loan Originators in real-time while completing applications and ask any question via chat, email or phone."Although it is a significant investment both financially and operationally, this is just another step in our journey to dominate and disrupt the stale mortgage industry. I'm one who is always in favor of technological advances that can improve interactions with our borrowers and referral partners", said Ray P. Cruz, Managing Partner with MC Financial, Inc.ABOUT MC FINANCIAL, INC.MC Financial, Inc., a full-service mortgage lender offers expertise in every area of retail mortgage lending from home purchase, home refinance to new construction lending. Founded in October 2013, the co-founders Ray P. Cruz and Amir Guerami, built MC Financial, Inc. with one goal in mind and that is to make a positive contribution to homeowners. Built with integrity and passion, MC Financial, Inc. offers transparency into the mortgage process for the homeowner and real estate professional. For more information, please visit https://www.mcfinc.com
This story was first published on Wednesday May 30
A contestant on Britain's Got Talent had the crowd holding their breath along with him as he came close to drowning himself on stage in a stunt that nearly went horribly wrong.
The paramedics were on standby after illusionist Matt Johnson went past his self alloted "safe time" of one minute and 45 seconds to free his head from a chained glass box full of water.
Johnson started his semi-final trick wearing handcuffs and a metal straight jacket that he had to remove before getting to the water filled box on his head.
The illusionist seemed to be visibly panicked as the time ticked on and he still remained with his head submerged underwater.
The crowd looked on in horror as Johnson struggled for breath, his eyes bulging wide while he undid the locks holding him in place.
Eventually he freed himself from the water filled box in two minutes and 20 seconds, gasping for air as he did.
"The second I panic it's over," he had told the judges before performing his act, saying the stunt was going to be "hell on earth".
People watching the show at home took to Twitter to speak about their experience watching Johnson.
"I had a good time appearing on 'Ballers.' I have nothing but respect for Dwayne Johnson and the full cast of 'Ballers'," says Bigg Marv.
Big Marv
Media Contact
AWJ Platinum PR
***@awjplatinum.com AWJ Platinum PR
End
-- MC Hammer's cousin, Bigg Marv, best known for his co-starring role on the hit A&E series,"Hammertime,"will appear on HBO's "Ballers" scheduled to air on Sunday, August 13. In addition to his appearance on the show, Bigg Marv is a solid fan of the HBO series. "Ballers" stars Dwayne "The Rock" Johnson, Andy Garcia and Robb Corddry."I had a good time appearing on 'Ballers.' I have nothing but respect for Dwayne Johnson and the full cast of 'Ballers'," says Bigg Marv.As a television actor and comedian, Bigg Marv has been busy on the set this year working on various projects. Marv has been working in production and in one of the starring roles of a new series in development, "Let Me Ride," a reality show about car shows. The reality show is produced by Evenflow Productions and Street Low Productions.In addition to television projects, Marv has been working with military bases performing for the troops and hosting events at various military bases including Ft. Hamilton military base with Mission One Voice. His live military shows have included appearances with R&B singer Ne-Yo, R&B singer Estelle (American Boy) and rock legend Eddie Money.For more information, please visit Bigg Marv on Twitter:
US Mint began issuing the first ever PINK coin on Thursday in support of breast cancer awareness with the ultimate goal of raising $8 Million for cancer research. The coins are $5 each and the US Mint has already sold over 6200 of them! It's Today's “Good Feeling Story of the Day!
Hear Chet's “Good Feeling Story of the Day” weekdays at 7:20am
Soccer-Capello targets survival and cup run for new club Jiangsu
HONG KONG, June 15 Fabio Capello has set his sights on steering new employers Jiangsu Suning away from the Chinese Super League (CSL) relegation zone and success in the Chinese FA Cup as the Italian prepares for the latest chapter of his long coaching career.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Click to play Tap to play
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Derby County have had a bid of £1.5m rejected for Brentford forward Florian Jozefzoon, it is being reported.
Sky Sports say the offer falls short of Brentford's valuation of the 27-year-old, who has a year left to run on his contract.
Leeds United are also understood to be keen on the player.
Jozefzoon, who can play wide or through the middle, joined Brentford in January 2017 from Dutch club PSV Eindhoven.
He has played 62 games for the Bees and scored eight goals. He made 43 appearances last season, scoring seven times.
Jozefzoon is a product of the Ajax Academy and has represented Holland at under-19 and under-21 levels.
Derby sold forward Andreas Weimann to Bristol City yesterday for an undisclosed fee believed to be £2m plus add ons.
Weimann was used as a wide attacking player in a 4-2-3-1 formation last season.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
He doesn't miss writing much, Philip Roth recently told The New York Times in an extensive interview. His 2012 announcement, that he planed to retire from the field that had made him famous, shocked the literary world.
To mark the occasion, Roth taped a Post-it note to his computer with the phrase: "The struggle with writing is over." In an interview at the time, he described it as a personal affirmation. "I look at that note every morning, and it gives me such strength," he told the NYT.
Read more: Salman Rushdie's new novel 'Golden House' ponders the tragedy of our times
It has been six years since Roth, who turns 85 on March 19, officially left writing behind. And he regrets nothing. "That's because the conditions that prompted me to stop writing fiction…haven't changed," he told the NYT. At the time, Roth realized his most creative years were over. "I was by this time no longer in possession of the mental vitality or the verbal energy or the physical fitness needed to mount and sustain a large creative attack on any duration on a complex structure as demanding as a novel…Every talent has its terms — its nature, its scope, its force; also its term, a tenure, a life span."
In 2011, Roth was awarded the National Humanities Medal by former President Barack Obama
Trump: '21st-century catastrophe'
Roth lives in New York's trendy Upper West Side, but still spends some of his time at a summer home in Connecticut. After retiring from writing, he now has more time for other things, especially for reading — mainly nonfiction. He also enjoys meeting with friends, attending concerts and going to the movies. But he still has time for literary pursuits, working on a novella with the young daughter of a former girlfriend and writing notes for a biography with US author Blake Bailey.
David Simon, creator of acclaimed TV series "The Wire," is adapting Roth's prize-winning 2004 novel "The Plot Against America" into a six-part miniseries. The book is set in an alternate universe in which Franklin Delano Roosevelt is defeated in the presidential election of 1940 by Charles Lindbergh, leading to a treaty with Nazi Germany and rising anti-Semitism in the US.
Roth keeps abreast of current political developments. In the NYT, he admits he never thought a politician like Donald Trump could be elected in the US. "No one I know of has foreseen an America like the one we live in today," he said. "[Almost] no one … could have imagined that the 21st-century catastrophe to befall the US, the most debasing of disasters, would appear not, say, in the terrifying guise of an Orwellian Big Brother but in the ominously ridiculous commedia dell'arte figure of the boastful buffoon."
The German version of "Nemesis"
Prolific and creative
The much acclaimed author, that many critics thought might one day win the Nobel Prize for literature, was born in 1933 in the working class Newark district of Weequahic into a family of Jewish immigrants.
Roth has written almost three dozen books in the course of his career; some are full of humor and sarcasm, while others are rather melancholic.
Many of his novels are set in Newark at the time of his youth. Among his best-sellers are the Zuckerman Bound trilogy, which consists of "The Ghost Writer", "Zuckerman Unbound" and "The Anatomy Lesson." Other best-sellers are "Sabbath's Theater," "American Pastoral," "I Married a Communist," "The Human Stain," "Deception" and "Exit Ghost." His latest work, "Nemesis," was published in 2010 and is likely to remain his last.
9 must-read books to face the Trump era '1984' George Orwell's "1984" pops up repeatedly on lists, with the literary classic opening a window into authoritarian regimes. The dystopian novel delves into what it means to live in a state of tyranny, including omnipresent government surveillance and public manipulation. Pictured here is a film still from the 1956 movie adaptation of the novel.
9 must-read books to face the Trump era 'The Origins of Totalitarianism' Hannah Arendt's essay "The Origins of Totalitarianism," originally published in English in 1951, has also garnered considerable attention. Arendt (1906-1975), who fled Nazi Germany, was one of the first political theorists to analyze how totalitarian political movements rose in the early 20th century. A few weeks ago, online bookseller Amazon briefly ran out of the work.
9 must-read books to face the Trump era 'Brave New World' What college student, or high school student for that matter, hasn't read Aldous Huxley's novel "Brave New World"? The 1932 novel looks at how society is kept in line through psychological manipulation and conditioning.
9 must-read books to face the Trump era 'The Handmaid's Tale' Margaret Atwood's feminist dystopia "The Handmaid's Tale" has resurfaced on the nightstands of women participating in political protests, such as at the massive Women's March in Washington in January. The 1985 novel, set in a futuristic New England, looks at the oppression of women in a totalitarian theocracy after the overthrow of the US government. Natasha Richardson starred in a 1990 film.
9 must-read books to face the Trump era 'The Man in the High Castle' In 1962, Philip K. Dick's novel "The Man in the High Castle" envisioned how life could have looked in the United States under totalitarian rule by the victorious Nazi Reich and Japanese Empire. A TV series loosely based on the novel was released in 2015. As part of its advertising campaign, a New York subway was controversially covered in the imagery of the show, seen here.
9 must-read books to face the Trump era 'The United States of Fear' Tom Engelhardt's "The United States of Fear," published in 2011, looks at how fear has fueled massive US investment in the military and national security, only to ultimately gridlock the country.
9 must-read books to face the Trump era 'Things That Can and Cannot Be Said' "Things That Can and Cannot Be Said" is a collection of essays and conversations by Arundhati Roy and John Cusack, who reflect on their talks with NSA whistle-blower Edward Snowden in Moscow in 2014. Surveillance and the nature of the state take center stage in these dialogues and texts, as well as the role of symbols, such as flags, amid patriotism.
9 must-read books to face the Trump era 'The Power of the Powerless' Vaclav Havel's 1978 essay "The Power of the Powerless" offers a compelling alternative to the current gloom-and-doom outlook. The Czech writer and former president expands on methods of resistance among ordinary citizens and how totalitarian regimes can give birth to dissidents.
9 must-read books to face the Trump era 'The Captive Mind' Polish poet and Nobel Prize laureate Czeslaw Milosz (1911-2004) became an American citizen in 1970. His non-fiction "The Captive Mind" drew on his experiences as a dissident writer in the Eastern Bloc. It is an intellectual reckoning with the allure of Stalinism and the deadening of the mind through Western consumerism. Author: Louisa Schaefer
sd, ad/cmk (dpa/New York Times)
Images: Readers share their stunning photos of the Port Hills fire
1 Newsreaders have sent in some incredible photos of the fire, which can be seen from almost every part of Christchurch.
(Reuters) - A broad low pressure area over the Caribbean Sea has an 80-percent chance of developing into a cyclone, the U.S. National Hurricane Center said on Saturday.
The Miami-based center said the showers and thunderstorms area, currently located some 250 miles (400 km) northeast of the Turks and Caicos Islands, was expected to form into a tropical depression later on Saturday.
BRIEF-Wells Fargo Bank increases prime rate to 4.25 percent
* Says ‍increasing its prime rate to 4.25 percent from 4.00 percent, effective tomorrow, June 15, 2017​ Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
"If you want to get involved with the assisted living centers that we have, we have people coming in to play bingo and things like that. Or we're working on getting our daycare into being intergenerational so having more grandmas and grandpas coming in and read or just doing some fun activities. If you have any interest in that, just give us a call."
Seattle Mariners third baseman Kyle Seager drove in the go-ahead run with a hard, two out single in the sixth inning and said this was the best he's felt at the plate recently. The Mariners beat the Rangers, 2-1, on May 28 to improve to 33-20.
March 28 Aurobindo Pharma Ltd:
* Says co gets USFDA approval for Meropenem injection
* Meropenem injection is a generic equivalent of Astrazeneca Pharma's Merrem injection
* Drug indicated to treat complicated skin & skin structure infections, complicated intra-abdominal infections & bacterial meningitis Source text: bit.ly/2o0nsRF Further company coverage:
This town in California's Central Valley has long functioned as a display case for wrenching troubles afflicting American life: The housing bust that turned Stockton into an epicenter of a national foreclosure disaster and plunged the city into bankruptcy. The homeless people clustered in tents along the railroad tracks. Boarded-up storefronts on cracked sidewalks. Gang violence.
Now, Stockton hopes to make itself an exhibition ground for elevated fortunes through a simple yet unorthodox experiment. It is readying plans to deliver $500 a month in donated cash to perhaps 100 local families, no strings attached. The trial could start as soon as the fall and continue for about two years.
Shay Holliman, who grew up in poverty in Stockton, California. Holliman rejected talk that Stockton's experiments with universal basic income would prompt people to ditch work. Source: ©2018 THE NEW YORK TIMES
As the first U.S. city to test so-called universal basic income, Stockton will watch what happens next. So will governments and social scientists around the world as they explore how to share the bounty of capitalism more broadly at a time of rising economic inequality.
Will single mothers use their cash to pay for child care so they can attend college? Will people confronting choices between buying school supplies or paying their electric bills gain a measure of security? Will families add healthier food to their diets?
Basic income is a term that gets thrown around loosely, but the gist is that the government distributes cash universally. As the logic runs, if everyone gets money — rich and poor, the employed and the jobless — it removes the stigma of traditional welfare schemes while ensuring sustenance for all.
That a city in California has made itself a venue for the idea seems no accident. The state has long tried fresh approaches to governance. Ahead of the state's political primaries in June, much of the conversation has centered on concerns about economic inequality.
The concept of basic income has been gaining adherents from Europe to Africa to North America as a potential stabilizer in the face of a populist insurrection tearing at the post-World War II liberal economic order. It is being embraced by social thinkers seeking to reimagine capitalism to more justly distribute its gains, and by technologists concerned about the job-destroying power of their creations.
In various guises, the idea has captivated activists and intellectuals for centuries. In the 1500s, Thomas More's novel “Utopia” advanced the suggestion that thieves would be better deterred by public assistance than fear of a death sentence.
In more modern times, Milton Friedman, darling of laissez-faire economics, embraced the idea of negative income taxes that put cash in the hands of the poorest people. The Rev. Martin Luther King Jr. advocated “the guaranteed income.”
King's legacy has currency in Stockton, which is now led by a history-making mayor, Michael Tubbs. At 27, he is the youngest mayor of a sizable U.S. city, and the first African-American to hold the job here.
Tubbs grew up in South Stockton, where payday lenders and pawn shops exploit the desperation of working poor people. His father was in prison for gang-related crime. His mother worked in medical customer service and struggled to pay bills, relying on welfare and food stamps.
His mother kept him inside, his nose in his school books, fearful of the pitfalls beyond the door.
He recalls standing at the mailbox tearing open a college acceptance letter while police cars massed down the block, lights flashing, as a neighbor's son was arrested for dealing drugs.
Many of the adults around him were juggling multiple jobs, yet still living under the tyranny of unpaid bills.
“People were working themselves to death,” Tubbs said. “Not working to live a good life, but working just to survive.”
He enrolled at Stanford University. In his high school yearbook, friends scribbled congratulations on his having “made it from here.”
He was an intern in President Barack Obama's White House. After graduating from college in 2012, he taught ethnic studies, government and society at a charter high school while serving on the Stockton City Council.
On the same day that President Donald Trump was elected, voters in this city of 300,000 people put Tubbs in charge.
Working but struggling
Forged as a supply hub during the Gold Rush of the 19th century, Stockton evolved into a center for migrant workers who toil on the fruit and vegetable farms of California's Central Valley.
By the new millennium, it had become a bedroom community offering affordable homes for people who worked in unaffordable places like San Francisco and Silicon Valley, as far as two hours away.
The crash in housing prices played out savagely here. The local unemployment rate reached 19 percent in early 2011. Stockton descended into bankruptcy.
As Tubbs took office, nearly 1 in 4 local residents was officially poor. The median household income was about $46,000 — roughly one-fourth below the national level. Only 17 percent of adults 25 and older had graduated from college. People were perpetually vulnerable to mundane calamities like auto troubles that kept them from getting to work.
“Poverty is the biggest issue,” the mayor said. “Everything we deal with stems from that. There's so many people working incredibly hard, and if life happens, there's no bottom.”
Once he took office, his staff recommended basic income as a potential means of attacking poverty, one that was starting to gain traction around the world.
In contrast to government programs that stipulate how money must be spent, basic income is supposed to deliver regular payments without restrictions. It amounts to a bet that poor people know the most appropriate use for a dollar better than bureaucrats. Rather than filling out forms and waiting to see caseworkers, people can devote their effort to looking for work, gaining skills or spending time with their children.
On the other side of the world, Finland was starting a pilot project. Just down the freeway in Oakland, the startup incubator Y Combinator was conducting a trial. The Canadian province of Ontario was preparing for an experiment. A nonprofit organization, GiveDirectly, was giving cash grants to poor people in rural Kenya.
All of these trials confronted various forms of skepticism, bringing warnings that unconditional cash would replace paychecks with the dole. Finland recently opted not to expand its basic income experiment.
In the United States, a program supplying $10,000 a year to every American would cost $3 trillion. Even some proponents of expanding the social safety net oppose the idea, fearing it would siphon money from existing programs.
Still, as the traditional promise of work breaks down, unconventional ideas are emerging from the political margins to gain a serious airing.
At a conference in San Francisco last spring, Tubbs was introduced to Natalie Foster, a co-founder of the Economic Security Project, an advocacy group formed to advance the concept of universal basic income. The project included Chris Hughes, a Facebook co-founder.
Within the Silicon Valley crowd, basic income had become a fashionable idea for addressing collective angst over the social consequences of technology. The masters of innovation were becoming stupendously rich via creations poised to make working people poor, replacing human labor with robots. Basic income was posited as compensation.
The Economic Security Project was keen to demonstrate another aspect of basic income — its potential to help communities facing problems in the here and now. It was shopping for a city that could serve as staging ground.
“It's important that people see this as possible,” Foster said. “Cities are laboratories of democracy.”
Stockton was diverse, with more than 40 percent of its residents Hispanic, some 20 percent Asian, and 14 percent African-American. More than half of the working-age people in surrounding San Joaquin County earned the minimum wage. The city was in the hands of a social media-savvy mayor who could help spread the word.
Foster's group agreed to deliver $1 million for a new project — SEED, for Stockton Economic Empowerment Demonstration.
The sum was nowhere near enough to finance universal anything. It would not cover the basics of any critical need.
Still, it could produce a glimpse of what a guaranteed cash program might look like.
The city commissioned artists to paint murals in the center of town, celebrating basic income as the next phase of the civil rights struggle advanced by King.
Who Deserves A Hand?
As city leaders formulate the details of the project, they are wrestling with a foundational question: Are they running a legitimate social science experiment or engineering a demonstration of basic income's virtues?
The answer directs how they distribute the cash.
If it is primarily a display, then only the most responsible people should be given cash. But if it is about science, the money must be dispensed more randomly, with the likelihood that some people will waste it on drugs.
At a meeting at City Hall, SEED project manager Lori Ospina urged that the program be designed to yield valid scientific data. That involves choosing participants on the basis of narrow demographic criteria — perhaps their age, their race, their income.
But that approach could expose the city to charges that the program is not inclusive enough. “The trolls I've been dealing with on social media and in real life have very racialized views of how this is going to work,” Tubbs said. “As the first black mayor of this city, it would be very dangerous if the only people to get this were black.”
He wants to select participants who are most likely to spend their money wisely, generating stories of working poor people lifted by extra cash.
People like Shay Holliman.
As a child, her mother was incarcerated. She was raised by her grandmother, along with nine other children. They crammed into apartments full of cockroaches, moving from state to stay ahead of the bill collectors.
She had a baby. She worked at McDonald's, but she lacked reliable child care, making the job impossible. She could not pay rent on her $600 a month welfare check.
One night, she found herself walking the Stockton streets, her infant daughter in a carrier against her chest, pulling two suitcases full of everything she owned.
Taking shelter with a sister consumed by drug addiction, she fell into a vortex of violence. She served 11 years in prison for killing a man who she said had attacked her sister.
She emerged with a problem that confronts many people in Stockton: She was eager to work, yet she was vulnerable to criminal background checks that deny jobs to felons.
She worked inside commercial freezers and as a driver. Recently, she took a job at a nonprofit that helps people released from prison set up lives on the outside.
“I'm finally living my dream,” she said.
In some quarters, the basic income experiment has provoked talk that free money will prompt people to ditch work.
“Oh, my,” said Holliman, who still carries credit card debt of more than $500 and does not earn enough money to regularly buy fresh fruit. “When you're struggling, you're going to rush and pay your bills.”
Stockton's trial is meant to deliver examples of that sentiment, challenging the notion that people needing help have not tried hard enough.
A fixture of the London landscape and soundscape, Big Ben, is falling silent for four years. The bell will cease its regular tolling while extensive repairs are made to the famous clock tower that looms over the Palace of Westminster, the home of the British Parliament.
The massive bell will mark the hour for the last time at noon on Aug. 21 and then pause for four years while the Elizabeth Tower, which houses the Great Clock and the Great Bell, aka Big Ben, is restored. A larger restoration of the Parliament buildings is likely to begin in the early 2020s, according to a Parliament website.
Quieting Big Ben's mighty bongs will help preserve the hearing of workers involved in the project.
The keeper of the Great Clock, Steve Jaggs, said in a statement that the pause "is a significant milestone in this crucial conservation project." If you're in London next Monday you may want to accept Jaggs' invitation to gather in Parliament Square "to hear Big Ben's final bongs until they return in 2021." However, Big Ben will still bong for important national events such as New Year's Eve and Remembrance Sunday.
The Great Bell has chimed nearly every hour for the past 157 years. It has had previous breaks in service for maintenance and conservation in 2007, in 1983-1985 and in 1976. The 13.7-ton bell, which was forged in the 1850s, is accompanied by smaller chimes that ring out each quarter hour.
The Great Clock has a Victorian-era clockwork mechanism that triggers the bell and chimes. That mechanism and the clock's four faces will also get refurbished, which will require the faces to be covered.
To make sure Londoners don't get completely disoriented and lose track of the correct time, Jaggs says at least one clock face will remain visible. It will keep time with the aid of a modern electric motor, while the Victorian mechanism is being repaired.
Gain a global perspective on the US and go beyond with curated news and analysis from 600 journalists in 50+ countries covering politics, business, innovation, trends and more.
May 2 Industrivarden
* Says Net Asset Value was SEK 227 per share at April 30 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Stockholm Newsroom)
CHARLOTTE, North Carolina, Aug 12 (Reuters) - Graham DeLaet bookended back-to-back eagles with a pair of birdies in a stunning four-hole stretch to charge into contention at the PGA Championship on Saturday.
After a birdie at the par-three 13th, the Canadian then went eagle, eagle, birdie -- six-under-par for the four holes -- en route to a three-under 68 at Quail Hollow.
DeLaet, two-under for the tournament and five shots adrift of leader Kevin Kisner, was as surprised as anyone by the run, which came after what had been a mediocre round up until that point.
He had even needed a pep talk from his caddie after being "bummed out" by a double-bogey at the 11th.
“It's fun to do that at a regular tour event but at a PGA Championship that's pretty cool,” said the world number 117.
"It's something I'll probably always remember. And the nice thing about it was it put me in a position where something really special tomorrow can (happen).
"Probably gonna take a special round, but you never know."
DeLaet's run started when he almost made a hole-in-one with a six-iron at the 13th, his ball stopping on the edge of the cup. He almost aced the 301-yard par-four 14th as well, his tee shot with a three-wood running over the hole before stopping eight feet beyond, from where he sank the eagle putt.
“I almost had three (eagles) in a row because I hit it to an inch the hole before," he said.
"I left that ball hanging on the lip (at the 13th and then I) hit the hole on the next one, the par-four.
"That's where I turned to (my caddie) and said, 'Man, I could have just gone one, one,' but going two, two is pretty good on those holes too."
DeLaet's charge continued with a 12-foot eagle putt at the par-five 15th before he sank a 45-footer for birdie at the par-four 16th.
“That was just a bonus, are you kidding me?” he said of the 16th. "When that putt went in, you shake your head and it was pretty unreal."
The 35-year-old is still seeking his first victory on Tour, and a major would not be a bad way to start.
Afflicted with a chronically bad back, he underwent microdiscectomy surgery in 2011, the same procedure Tiger Woods has undergone, and is health is a day-to-day issue.
“I've been on the (treatment) table a lot this week,” he said. “I haven't done any practising. Today was the best that it felt.
"It was painful with every swing but it didn't affect me for the first time this week, so that was nice." (Additional reporting by Larry Fine; Editing by Peter Rutherford; )
County Recorder Adrian Fontes minimized the significance of not having a voter ID, saying that all individuals could vote using other forms of identification.
Polls open in 1 hour!!
CD8 Special General Election
Find out where to vote!
(And other information)https://t.co/VDTd2qjQup — Adrian Fontes (@Adrian_Fontes) April 24, 2018
Thousands of voters in Arizona's Maricopa County may not have received their voter identification cards prior to Tuesday's special congressional election due to a printer error, and some may not know they are eligible to vote.
Voters are supposed to receive a particular ID card after registering. But problems with the company employed to print voter ID cards have delayed their distribution.
The Arizona Republic reported on Friday that 60,000 identifications had been sent, but another 140,000 had not been mailed to voters.
Tuesday's election is between Democrat Hiral Tipirneni and Republican Debbie Lasko to replace Republican Trent Franks in the state's 8th Congressional District.
Read More GOP Lawmaker Wants To Restrict College Students' Voting Rights
County Recorder Adrian Fontes, a Democrat, said that all individuals would be able to vote even without an ID card.
“They would have gotten a sample ballot in the mail if they voted in a precinct, or they would have gotten their ballot by mail. All they have to do is be registered on time,” Fontes said.
Fontes claimed that his office had addressed much of the backlog over the weekend and that voters would be able to cast ballots as long as they had other forms of ID.
AZ passed a voter ID law that included special ID cards for people w/o driver's licenses. But Maricopa Co hasn't sent out 140k IDs ahead of tomorrow's special - https://t.co/LWQsfUTNq6 — Reid Wilson (@PoliticsReid) April 23, 2018
“It's another black eye for this Recorder's Office. You've got people registering to vote, some of them for the first time in their lives. It's the duty of the Recorder to send them a voter ID card,” Mesa voter Larry Smith said.
State Republicans raised other concerns about the election, alleging that Democrats would allow unregistered individuals to vote in the contest.
Voter ID check is live
Monitoring every check-in, and every pollworker's ballot issue as it happens.
Never so accountable, never so secure. — Adrian Fontes (@Adrian_Fontes) April 24, 2018
The chairman of the Arizona Republican Party sent an email Monday stating, “We have received alarming reports that the [Democratic] official who runs elections in Maricopa County has systematically failed to enforce the voter ID law in recent elections. As a result, your help is vital in making sure the upcoming election is free and fair.”
Newsweek reported that despite saying voters needed to help ensure free elections, “the email said constituents should not take matters into their own hands by approaching a fraudulent voter, photographing the polling place or staying at the polls after voting.”
Democrats pushed backed against Republican claims.
“It's false. It's absolutely untrue. The system is more secure and accountable than ever before. This is the same tired line that the Republican Party always uses to try to scare voters and undermine elections,” the Democratic county chairman said.
The failure to send out the ID cards seems to contradict the campaign platform of Fontes, who promoted himself as someone who would fight voter suppression in a county that was previously investigated by the Department of Justice due to long voting lines.
Although Fontes has changed the voting process to accomplish his proclaimed goals — most notably by allowing all voters to send their votes through the mail — the failure to distribute IDs in a timely manner could potentially affect voter turnout if people think they aren't allowed to vote.
Ensuring all voters have proper voter ID would expedite the process of casting a ballot and minimize the possibility of voter suppression.
Banner/Thumbnail Image Credit: Flickr, Gage Skidmore
Garrison Collection is thrilled to be exhibiting in the upcoming NeoCon Expo taking place at The Mart in Chicago from June 11 - 13 of 2018.
Spread the Word
Listed Under Tags:
* Hardwood
* Flooring
* Design Industry:
* Construction Location:
* Chicago - Illinois - US Subject:
* Events
End
-- During the three-day event, Garrison Collection will be exhibiting their best-selling, most innovative products in an ideally located booth. In addition to their engineered hardwood flooring product lines, Garrison will also be exhibiting their vinyl flooring products and wall coverings. At the center of attention will be their AquaBlue WPC product, a new waterproof flooring line which repels moisture and bacteria. This flooring is extremely resistant to water damage and optimal for commercial projects.Attendees of NeoCon can request samples, meet Garrison service representatives, and discuss upcoming project goals. Garrison Collection hopes to build long-lasting connections with leaders in the commercial, design, and architecture industry. If you are looking for a high-end, affordable flooring solution for your next project,About Garrison Collection:Based out of Los Angeles, Garrison Collection started as a small, family-owned business in 1956. It has successfully grown as a family-owned business by maintaining a consistent mindset with a commitment to excellence and innovation. The company offers a wide range of flooring and moulding products, from the modern and cutting edge to the classic and vintage-inspired. Regardless of whether you are looking for a luxurious hardwood or affordable vinyl floor, Garrison has over 200 unique products to suit your needs.About NeoCon:Held every June at The Mart in Chicago since 1969, Neocon serves as the commercial design industry's launch pad for innovation—offering ideas and introductions that shape the built environment today and into the future.Over the last 50 years, Neocon has evolved into an international hub that brings together more than 50,000 professionals for networking opportunities as well as dynamic and diverse learning experiences.Monday, June 11 9:00 am – 5:00 pmTuesday, June 12 9:00 am – 5:00 pmWednesday, June 13 9:00 am – 3:00 pm
You wanna piece of me? I may be a father, but thanks to my son, you'll have the mother of all battles if you try to touch me
She: The Los Angeles Times reported last week that fatherhood lowers men's testosterone levels.
Z: Yes, dear.
She: Are you listening? There's scientific evidence that becoming a parent makes men less manly.
Z: Of course, dear. May I refresh your iced tea for you?
She: Did you hear me? First, Koss took away our disposable income, then he took away our sleep, and now scientists say Koss took away your machismo. Aren't you going to respond to this?
Z: Did you need your pillow fluffed?
She: Seriously?
Z: Shh. I'm trying to watch the ballet here.
She: The L.A. Times reported on a study at Northwestern University that found that, hormonally speaking, becoming a father makes you less of a man.
Z: Yeah. Right. That's who has the key to the building with the sub-basement with the safe where my balls are.
She: Excuse me?
Z: My testosterone was first reported missing March 12, 1998. It was on a milk carton.
She: That's our wedding day. Should I be offended by that?
Z: I'm pretty sure I get massive points just for remembering our anniversary.
She: That's not what I mean.
Z: I recall many nights of you gloating to our friends about how much more sensitive you made me since we got together.
She: I think what I really said was something along the lines of, “he's much less of a jerk when we're alone.” Only I may have used a synonym for the word, “jerk.”
Z: I know. I'm just trying to be sensitive to the delicate sensibilities of our readers.
She: Like I taught you.
Z: Exactly.
She: Honestly I think that I did make you more sensitive when we first got together. Then Koss came along and dudified you again, perhaps even more so.
Z: Are you saying I was never much of a dude? There are plenty of manly men who have done drag shows and like to sing Broadway songs.
She: Not our son. He watches sports on TV and hates the romantic comedies. That was never you.
Z: I always liked the Olympics. Especially the diving and the gymnastics. That's manly, right?
She: And the burping and farting contests, you didn't do any of that before either.
Z: Only because you're no competition.
She: Thinking about it, I'm not all that impressed by this new scientific study. I think Koss has made you more manly, not less manly.
Z: I'll just be over here quietly flexing.
She: I'm spending most of the energy I used to put trying to make you into a sensitive man into trying to make Koss into a sensitive man.
Z: Does that mean I get the keys back to the building with the sub-basement with the safe?
She: Nah. I've just redirected my energies for a few years. Once he's out of the house you'll be back on my front burner again.
Z: Maybe we should have some more children?
She: I'm guessing that the more kids you have, the more likely this study is to be true.
Z: That would certainly explain Michele Bachmann's husband.
She: Remember what I said about being sensitive to things that might offend our readers?
Z: Oops. Sorry about that. May I paint your nails?
She: Yes, dear.
— Tell She and Z what you think by emailing .(JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address) . Click here for previous She Said, Z Said columns. Follow Leslie Dinaberg on Twitter.
MOSCOW, March 31 Cash reserves of Russia's third-largest oil producer Surgutneftegaz declined by 14 percent to 2.08 trillion roubles ($37.1 billion) in rouble terms in 2016, according to Reuters calculations based on company's regulatory filing.
In U.S. dollar terms, the reserves were up from $35.8 billion in 2015 thanks to a strengthened rouble.
The company also said on Friday it swung to a net loss under Russian Accounting Standards of 104.8 billion roubles in 2016 from a net income of 751.4 billion roubles in 2015.
($1 = 56.0825 roubles) (Reporting by Vladimir Soldatkin; editing by Polina Devitt)
Be a part of the Most interesting 13th International Conference & exhibition on Metabolomics
on May 23-24, 2018, in New York, USA and meet the leading scientists, experts, delegates, doctors, researchers for metabolomics
Content
Theme: Metabolomics – An emerging tool for precision medicine
The Johnson City Fire Department is marking Fire Prevention Week with visits to local schools to teach students fire safety through puppet shows.
The department has been putting on puppet shows for nearly 40 years, and plan to visit the Handicapped Children's Association, Johnson City Intermediate School, and St. James Church.
The show teaches students basic fire safety tips like “stop, drop and roll” and the importance of smoke alarms.
“Three out of five deaths that occurred in fires since 2009 happened in homes that didn't have present smoke alarms or operating smoke alarms, and because a lot of materials are synthetic now, oil based, fires burn a lot hotter and a lot faster than they did 20 years ago.” - Bob Blakeslee, Lieutenant and Fire Prevention Officer
Fire Prevention Week starts Sunday and runs through Saturday.
For fire safety tips and activities throughout the week, visit JCFD.org.
WASHINGTON -
Just six days into his presidency, Donald Trump was informed his national security adviser had misled his vice-president about contacts with Russia. Trump kept his No. 2 in the dark and waited nearly three weeks before ousting the aide, Michael Flynn, citing a slow but steady erosion of trust, White House officials said.
Flynn was interviewed by the FBI about his telephone conversations with Russia's ambassador to the U.S., a sign his ties to Russia had caught the attention of law enforcement officials.
But in the White House's retelling of Flynn's stunning downfall, his error was not that he discussed U.S. sanctions with the Russian before the inauguration — a potential violation of a rarely enforced law — but the fact that he denied it for weeks, apparently misleading Vice-President Mike Pence and other senior Trump aides about the nature of the conversations. White House officials said they conducted a thorough review of Flynn's interactions, including transcripts of calls secretly recorded by U.S. intelligence officials, but found nothing illegal.
Pence, who had vouched for Flynn in a televised interview, is said to have been angry and deeply frustrated.
And Trump lashed out at the news media Wednesday morning, sending out a tweet berating some news organizations for focusing on “This Russian connection non-sense.” In a post on his verified Twitter account, Trump said, “The fake news media is going crazy with their conspiracy theories and blind hatred.” He added that the news reporting was “merely an attempt to cover up the many mistakes made in Hillary Clinton's losing campaign.”
Trump also asserted in a tweet: “Information is being illegally given to the failing @nytimes & @washingtonpost by the intelligence community (NSA and FBI?). Just like Russia.”
At the White House Tuesday, press secretary Sean Spicer told reporters: “The evolving and eroding level of trust as a result of this situation and a series of other questionable incidents is what led the president to ask General Flynn for his resignation.”
Flynn, in an interview with The Daily Caller News Foundation, said Monday “there were no lines crossed” in his conversations with Russian Ambassador Sergey Kislyak.
The explanation of the episode left many questions unanswered, including why Trump didn't alert Pence to the matter and why Trump allowed Flynn to keep accessing classified information and taking part in the president's discussions with world leaders up until the day he was fired.
White House officials also struggled to explain why Trump counsellor Kellyanne Conway had declared the president retained “full confidence” in Flynn just hours before the adviser had to submit his letter of resignation.
Later Tuesday, The New York Times reported that U.S. agencies had intercepted phone calls last year between Russian intelligence officials and members of Donald Trump's 2016 campaign team. Current and former U.S. officials who spoke to the Times anonymously said they found no evidence that the Trump campaign was working with the Russians on hacking or other efforts to influence the election.
Flynn's firing heightened questions about the president's friendly posture toward Russia. Democrats called for investigations into Flynn's contacts, and Republican Sen. Lindsey Graham said Congress needed to know whether he had been acting with direction from the president or others.
Trump initially thought Flynn could survive the controversy, according to a person with direct knowledge of the president's views, but a pair of explosive stories in The Washington Post in recent days made the situation untenable. As early as last week, he and aides began making contingency plans for Flynn's dismissal, a senior administration official said. While the president was said to be upset with Flynn, he also expressed anger with other aides for “losing control” of the story and making his young administration look bad.
Pence spokesman Marc Lotter said Pence became aware that he had received “incomplete information” from Flynn only after the first Washington Post report Thursday night. Pence learned about the Justice Department warnings to the White House around the same time.
The officials and others with knowledge of the situation were not authorized to discuss the matter publicly and requested anonymity.
Ahead of the Jan. 20 inauguration, Pence and other officials insisted publicly that Flynn had not discussed sanctions in his talks with Russian Ambassador Sergey Kislyak. On Jan. 26, Acting Attorney General Sally Yates contacted White House counsel Don McGahn to raise concerns about discrepancies between the public accounting and what intelligence officials knew to be true about the contacts based on routine recordings of communications with foreign officials who are in the U.S.
The Justice Department warned the White House that the inconsistencies would leave the president's top national security aide vulnerable to blackmail from Russia, according to a person with knowledge of the discussion. The president was informed of the warnings the same day, Spicer said.
Flynn was interviewed by the FBI around the same time, according to a U.S. official who was briefed on the investigation.
It was not immediately known what questions the FBI asked of Flynn or what he told law enforcement officials.
McGahn, along with chief of staff Reince Priebus and strategist Steve Bannon, also questioned Flynn multiple times in the ensuing weeks, a White House official said. Top aides also reviewed transcripts of Flynn's contacts with the ambassador, according to a person with knowledge of the review process.
At the same time, the official said Trump aides began taking steps to put some distance between the president and Flynn. CIA Director Mike Pompeo and retired Lt. Gen. Keith Kellogg, a top Flynn aide, started taking part in Trump's daily security briefings.
Before resigning Monday night, Flynn told the investigative news non-profit affiliated with the website The Daily Caller that he and Kislyak spoke only generally about the Russian diplomats expelled by President Barack Obama as part of the previous administration's response to Moscow's interference in the U.S. presidential election.
“It wasn't about sanctions. It was about the 35 guys who were thrown out,” Flynn said. “It was basically: 'Look, I know this happened. We'll review everything.' I never said anything such as, 'We're going to review sanctions,' or anything like that.”
———
Associated Press writers Jonathan Lemire, Eric Tucker, Ken Thomas, Jill Colvin, Erica Werner and Catherine Lucey contributed to this report.
Mattel plays with digital toys to triple China business
June 14 Mattel Inc expects to grow three to four times in the more than $31 billion toys and games market in China by 2020 through digitally connected toys, as it intensifies its efforts to take on LEGO Group and Hasbro Inc in the country.
PARIS (AP) " Paris Saint-Germain is dreaming big, just like its motto says.
The French club, desperate to join Europe's elite since Qatari owners QSI took over six years ago, made an eye-catching breakthrough in the Champions League on Tuesday, routing Barcelona 4-0 in the first leg of the last 16.
"This was the best performance I've been part of since coming to PSG," said midfielder Blaise Matuidi, one of QSI's first signings after its takeover in June 2011.
In the years since the new ownership came in, PSG has pumped hundreds of millions of euros (dollars) into acquiring big-name coaches and big-name players, including Thiago Silva, Edinson Cavani, Angel Di Maria and Julian Draxler.
QSI also launched an advertising campaign with the motto "Revons Plus Grand," French for "Let's Dream Bigger."
It hasn't always worked out, though.
In the past four seasons, PSG has dominated in France but has failed to reach even the semifinals of the Champions League. Twice the team lost to Barcelona, in 2013 and '15, in the quarterfinals and then again last year to Manchester City.
The result of European frustration has led to swift and ruthless change, with coach Laurent Blanc fired in the offseason despite winning back-to-back domestic trebles.
His successor, Unai Emery, was hand-picked by PSG president Nasser Al-Khelaifi, who liked what he saw in the Sevilla side that Emery guided to three straight Europa League titles.
That team played with passion, total commitment and relentless energy, and the Spanish coach has allied those qualities to a PSG team with considerably more individual talent than Sevilla.
After a difficult start, his methods are working well.
Continued below.
Related Content England win toss and opt to bowl in 3rd T20 Zenit signs defender Ivanovic from Chelsea O'Shea makes 5 changes to Italy for opener against Wales
___
NO IBRA, MORE TEAMWORK
Zlatan Ibrahimovic's departure to Manchester United before the season left a huge void " one that PSG has filled with more teamwork.
When Ibrahimovic played, everything revolved around him. He was given such freedom by then-coach Carlo Ancelotti and by Blanc that he roamed wherever he wanted.
While the Swede was a prolific scorer, the loose way he played often unbalanced PSG and made the side predictable against better European opposition.
With the unselfish Edinson Cavani as the main striker, PSG is much harder working. And Cavani has stepped up with 34 goals this season.
Ibrahimovic also hardly ever defended, while Cavani tracks back to support his teammates.
___
EMERY'S TACTICS
The team Emery picked against Barcelona was brave and innovative.
He dropped Brazilian winger Lucas, one of his best players, and recalled the inconsistent Angel Di Maria " who scored twice.
But it was Emery's midfield formation that really caught the eye and earmarked him as a clever strategist.
Switching from the 4-3-3 formation he usually deploys, Emery went for a 4-2-3-1 with Adrien Rabiot and Marco Verratti as the holding pair and with Blaise Matuidi pushing up almost as a playmaker.
Matuidi is usually either a holding or a wide midfielder, but Emery used him as a thrusting spearhead where his relentless energy and ability to time late runs behind the defense caused havoc.
___
HOMEGROWN TALENT
As the final whistle blew at Parc des Princes, three homegrown PSG players joined in the celebrations.
Center back Presnel Kimpembe had marked Barcelona star Lionel Messi out of the game and Adrien Rabiot had won his midfield battle against Sergio Busquets. Midfielder Christopher Nkunku came on for the last 20 minutes.
Kempembe and Rabiot are both 21, while Nkunku is 19. All three grew up in the Paris region and came through the club's youth ranks.
While Ancelotti and Blanc rarely trusted homegrown players, offloading central defender Mamadou Sakho to Liverpool and winger Kingsley Coman to Juventus, Emery has great faith in them.
Kimpembe is an athletic defender who reads the game well and is strong in the air. The graceful Rabiot has great composure on the ball, a dangerous shot from outside the box and is a perceptive passer.
Homegrown players also give the club a stronger local identity because fans feel like they're watching one of their own, rather than only imported stars.
___
KEEPING VERRATTI
The diminutive Marco Verratti is the heartbeat of the side and PSG has done well to keep him, despite interest from Real Madrid.
The 24-year-old Italy midfielder is a great organizer and sets the tempo for PSG's game with quick-thinking and crisp passing.
He has an excellent passing range, whether short or long, and he regularly creates chances with his defense-splitting passes.
All he needs to add now is goals, with only five in 185 games since joining from Italian side Pescara five years ago.
FILE PHOTO: Soccer Football - Club America v Real Madrid - FIFA Club World Cup Semi Final - International Stadium Yokohama - 15/12/16 General view of a part of the video refereeing system before the match Reuters / Kim Kyung-Hoon
As football's lawmaking body forges ahead on how best to implement key rule changes through the use of video referees, European powerhouse Spain fears being left behind through a lack of domestic cooperation.
David Elleray, the technical director of the International Football Association Board (IFAB), said video assistant referees could help bring modifications to the handball rule to make the game fairer with the introduction of penalty goals being mooted.
The former referee said incidents like Luis Suarez's handball on the line during Uruguay's 2010 World Cup tie against Ghana was discussed. The African side missed the resulting penalty and a chance to advance to the semi-finals.
"The IFAB is looking at 25 areas of the game aiming to make it fairer and handball is one of those," the 62-year-old Briton told the Times on Thursday.
"One of those areas we are discussing is incidents similar to the handball by Luis Suárez in the 2010 World Cup. A lot of people have said in this kind of incidents 'why can't you give that as a goal if it is clearly going in?'."
Video assistance, which is being tested ahead of the 2018 World Cup, played a key role earlier this week when it led to a disallowed goal from France striker Antoine Griezmann for offside in a friendly against Spain.
However, La Liga president Javier Tebas said the benefactors of that decision were far behind other countries in implementing video technology due to insufficient assistance from Angel Maria Villar, the president of the national football federation (RFEF).
"We've been working with FIFA on the matter and the Federation haven't come to a single meeting," Tebas was quoted as saying in Thursday's edition of Spanish daily Marca.
"The fact we aren't working on it now is damaging our league, as we need to train our referees, get our stadiums ready."
The Spanish top flight is the only one of Europe's leading five leagues not to utilise goal-line technology.
The issue came under the spotlight in January when Barcelona drew 1-1 at Real Betis after failing to have a goal awarded when the ball had clearly crossed the line.
Tebas said at the time that goal-line technology was too expensive to be implemented in Spain but added that he was in favour of a video assistant referee, which he said would be in operation in Spain by July 2018.
(Reporting by Hardik Vyas in Bengaluru; Additional reporting by Richard Martin in Barcelona; Editing by John O'Brien)
The chief of the Forestry Association of Kampong Trach, Ken Sam An (left); Neang Thy, a herpetologist at the Cambodian Ministry of Environment; and Lorn Sokchan, a Cambodian entomology researcher, explore the interior of a cave known as the Bat Cave. Omar Havana/The New York Times.
Racing to record rare plant species
Millions of years ago, a cluster of coral reefs stood firm here as the water receded, leaving them surrounded by the marshy, mangrove-studded Mekong Delta.
Today, these reefs have been carved by the wind and rain into spiky limestone cliffs known as karsts that stand stark against the Cambodian landscape, even as the lowland rainforest around them has been denuded by centuries of intensive rice cultivation and logging.
The karsts are full of nooks and crannies that have nurtured highly specialised plants and animals found nowhere else. They are also important to humans, studded with small altars and temples that are thought to be homes to neak ta, landscape spirits in the local animist pantheon.
Soon, they will be gone.
A small group of scientists is now racing to document rare plant life in these limestone karsts before local companies quarry them to dust and grind them up for production of the cement that is fuelling this country's building boom.
Most of the wood in mainland Southeast Asia has already been logged to support the region's rapid economic growth and its relentless appetite for luxury hardwood. (Nearly all the forest cover in neighbouring Thailand is gone and Cambodia is now experiencing the fastest acceleration of forest loss in the world, despite a putative ban on logging.)
Cement and concrete are also in high demand, so the karsts are next in line.
“They are the last refuges of what made it to the Mekong Delta, natural harbours for a specialised kind of vegetation that has very little timber value, sanctuaries of rare species,” said J Andrew McDonald, a botany professor at the University of Texas Rio Grande Valley, who is spearheading the plant-collection project with support from the International Union for Conservation of Nature.
The limestone habitats can act as “arks” of biodiversity that replenish surrounding areas after ecological damage. But they are so complex that, once destroyed, they can never themselves be recreated.
They have scant access to water for six months of the year, creating a harsh, alkaline environment that has led to the evolution of desertlike flora in the middle of a hot, wet country. McDonald calls them “Dr Seuss-type plants”, ones that look and behave like cactuses and succulent desert flora, but are related to the local tropical foliage.
There are fat, succulent grapevines, fig trees with thick, waxy leaves, and false cactuses as spiky and segmented as those that grow in the American desert, but actually members of the poinsettia family that evolved independently. Perhaps most unusual are the large, phallic flowers known as Amorphophallus, which look like a cross between an orchid and a Muppet's nose.
The toughest and most determined plants nestle themselves into the fissures and cracks atop the karsts, or cling to the razor-sharp outcroppings exposed to the wind and sun. More delicate tropical flowers feathery orchids and little white touch-me-nots – make homes in the grottoes within, sucking up the water that drips through the limestone. At the bottom, the karsts are like Swiss cheese, full of water-carved pockets that open up into large underground lakes where rare bats feed and mushrooms grow.
Over four days in January, armed with rice sacks and pruning shears, McDonald and several colleagues and students pored over two linked karsts, Phnom Kampong Trach and Phnom Domrei, climbing atop their jagged surfaces and passing all the way through them in a network of caves.
McDonald, 62, is a plain-spoken Texan with a mystical streak who spends his spare time working on a 1,000-page manuscript on the religious iconography of the lotus. He can clamber up and down the slippery, precipitous karsts like one of the mountain goats that live here (another anomaly in flat Cambodia).
“Fruits! Flowers! Fruits! Flowers! Eyes on the prize!” he chanted, trying to urge the group to collect specimens. Among the group was a pair of technophilic Vietnamese botanists lugging huge cameras who kept falling behind to take close-up shots of the foliage.
At first glance, McDonald was excited by a novel-looking parasitic Balanaflora with droopy, bulbous male flowers (“they latch onto this tree and have sex there”) and a huge, feathery white blossom at the edge of a grotto. It was an unusual variant of dogbane, a nocturnal plant with a dangling structure that dusts the underside of a visiting moth or bat with pollen.
“I've never seen an Apocynaceae with an irregular flower like that!” he exclaimed, before gingerly tossing the specimens, one by one, across a huge fissure to the safe hands of a waiting colleague.
Ultimately, over the course of two botanical excursions, the group found more than 130 species of vascular plants native to this patch of limestone, a comparatively rich assortment, including some thought to be new to science: an Amorphophallus and another related flower, a new type of jasmine, and a member of the coffee family.
Along with discovering these rare species, the scientists wanted to document the karsts' biodiversity and the ways in which different parts of the habitat work together before it is gone. Ultimately, they hope to persuade the government to make these two karsts a protected area and declare them off-limits to future cement quarrying.
The team was accompanied by a representative of the Ministry of Environment who was to report back to his superiors on the merits of the protection proposal. The ministry is bereft of plant experts, so they sent Neang Thy, the country's leading herpetologist, instead.
“The vegetation you see here, you may not see anywhere else,” he said. “If it is destroyed, that is a problem.”
Cambodia has almost no botanists and the study of plants in the country came to a standstill from 1970 to 1992 during an extended period of war and unrest punctuated by the trauma of the Khmer Rouge takeover from 1975 to 1979.
J Andrew McDonald, a researcher at the University of Texas Rio Grande Valley, holding an unknown flower specimen that he found on the Kampot Karst. Omar Havana/the new york times
The country's main herbarium is a single room at the Royal University of Phnom Penh. It houses about 12,000 specimens, many of which have not been inventoried and are simply piling up on shelves. They are meant to be kept cool and dry by two air-conditioners, but one air-conditioner is broken and there is no money to fix it.
“You talk about a herbarium in another country and it should be very big, but this is just one room,” said Ith Saveng, who runs the university's Center for Biodiversity Conservation. “We hope to expand to another room within the next two years.”
Rare plants found in karsts have to be shipped to Vietnam so better-trained scientists can do the precise work of matching species to species.
In Kampot, the scientists were led through some of the more treacherous cave networks by Ken Sam An, a 61-year-old native of a village just below the Phnom Kampong Trach karst. He knows more about these caves than just about anyone else.
As a teenager, he watched as the Viet Cong hid in the caves, resulting in retaliatory bombing campaigns by the United States that drove the population to flee. Soon, ultra-Communist rebels swept into the area and he was conscripted into a Khmer Rouge youth unit.
Whatever scientific research apparatus still existed was totally dismantled by the victorious Khmer Rouge government, which declared higher education anathema and sent city-dwellers back to the land to work as rice farmers and dam builders. Although Sam An possesses vast botanical knowledge, he has not attended school since the sixth grade.
After the fall of the Khmer Rouge in 1979, Sam An spent year working for a limestone quarrying company. But now he serves on a local committee that tries to preserve the karsts, urging local residents to stop stripping them and chopping off rocks to sell.
“I tell them, ‘If you break the mountain, it's not good for the environment, and if you work in tourism you can come and sell things to the tourists instead of breaking rocks.'”
A far bigger risk is large-scale limestone quarrying by companies producing cement. Kampot (K) Cement, a joint venture between the well-connected local company Khaou Chuly Group and the Thai cement manufacturer Siam Cement, has claim to large karsts in the area. The site is churning out 1 million tonnes of cement a year.
Another local company, Chip Mong, formed a partnership with a different Thai firm and started building a $262 million factory in the area last year, with the goal of producing 1.5 million tonnes a year. This is still not enough to slake Cambodia's growing thirst for cement, expected to reach 5 million tonnes this year.
The cement firms have also spawned a mini-land boom in Kampot, where prices have risen thirtyfold in the last decade, according to locals. In interviews, the inhabitants complained that rocks being blasted off the mountains were falling on their homes and angering the local neak ta, who had to be propitiated with offerings of roast pigs.
Tony Whitten, the international regional director for Fauna and Flora International's Asia-Pacific division said he had tried for years, fruitlessly, to determine whether environmental impact assessments had been carried out before cement companies were given permission to dynamite the karsts.
The Ministry of Mines and Energy, which is responsible for granting and regulating concessions for limestone quarrying, declined to comment.
Even when environmental assessments are conducted, they often focus on large mammals, overlooking plants and small species that are highly endemic to certain caves. The slimy, squishy invertebrates and strange plants that live in karsts can be a hard sell to donors, who prefer what are known as “charismatic megafauna” cute, easy-to-anthropomorphise animals like elephants, tigers and dolphins that appeal to the public.
“It takes a botanist to appreciate the charisma of a plant,” McDonald said.
The karsts his group wants to protect have the advantage of already being a minor tourist attraction, with a Buddhist pagoda sprawling out at their feet, small shrines nestled into the caves and a set of stone steps leading down to an underground pond where monks bathe.
“They are linked together – people come to pray at the pagoda and then they always go to the cave,” Sam An said. It is also common for him and his neighbours to make offerings to the spirits believed to inhabit the karsts, going to different caves on different holy days. Each one is believed to be the domain of a different neak ta.
Sam An can rattle off their names as if they are members of his extended family: “There's the Red Neck spirit, the Eight Heads spirit, the spirit of the 100 Rice Fields, the spirit of the Monk Who Lives in the Jungle, the White Elephant spirit, the Dragon's Mouth spirit, the Magic Boy spirit, the Reincarnated Grandmother spirit and the Magic Mushroom spirit.”
Altogether, the caves are thought by locals to be chambers in the stomach of a dragon that beached here when an ancient sea receded thousands of years ago – a tale not entirely different from the stories told by geologists and botanists.
“This is what we lose when they take out a mountain,” McDonald said.
The New York Times
The head of the State's debt office has said that the steady performance of Irish government bonds in the face of recent market turbulence sparked by Italy's political crisis is evidence that investors have “reclassified” the nation's creditworthiness.
The market interest rate, or yield, on Italy's 10-year bonds spiked on Tuesday at 3.44 per cent, their highest level since 2014 and having surged by more than 90 per cent in four weeks, as investors feared the country was hurtling towards fresh elections that would become a referendum on its continuation in the euro zone.
This prompted a sell-off across a range of assets internationally, particularly Spanish and Portuguese bonds. However, the yield on Ireland's 10-year bonds has remained within a tight range around 1 per cent for the past month, close to their 12-month average.
Strong economic growth
“Unlike previous periods of euro zone uncertainty, it seems that investors have in effect reclassified Ireland as much closer to the euro-zone core than to the periphery,” said Conor O'Kelly, chief executive of the National Treasury Management Agency, said in a statement on Wednesday evening in response to questions from The Irish Times.
“The feedback we get from investors suggests they are looking favourable on Ireland's strong economic growth, our stable political environment and our favourable funding profile.”
Ireland's creditworthiness had been rated “junk” at the height of the financial crisis by Moody's, but it has since been restored to an A-grade across the three main ratings firms.
Meanwhile, Italian and other peripheral bonds rallied on Wednesday on hopes that a political stalemate could be overcome and government could be formed. Italian president Sergio Mattarella said on Wednesday evening that he would give two populist parties – League and Five Star – more time for talks to form an administration.
Italy successfully sold five- and 10-year debt at an auction on Wednesday, bringing some relief to jittery markets following this week's meltdown in the nation's bonds.
Budgetary restraints
It also emerged on Wednesday that the European Commission will propose a €30 billion plan for countries hit by economic shocks, as it responds to French calls for a euro zone crisis-fighting budget.
The European Investment Stabilisation Function is far less ambitious than ideas put forward by France president Emmanuel Macron, who last year called for a fund amounting to several percentage points of euro zone gross domestic product.
But the commission will argue that its plan to be presented on Thursday is a “first step”, saying differences among euro zone governments and European Union budgetary restraints prevent more ambitious proposals at this stage.
– Additional reporting, the Financial Times
New U.S. funds would mimic ADRs but cut currency risk -filing
NEW YORK, June 14 An investment company is planning to offer a novel kind of fund that would offer U.S. investors direct access to foreign stocks, while tamping down the risk of currency declines, regulatory filings showed on Wednesday.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
同意 AGREE
如果您繼續閱讀，視同您同意我們隱私條款。This website uses cookies to improve user experience. By clicking agree you consent to all cookies in accordance with our Cookie Policy..
Royal Bank of Scotland's finance chief quit unexpectedly on Wednesday and cast doubt on the timing of a possible sale of some of the British government's controlling stake.
Former investment banker Ewen Stevenson declined to say where he was going or exactly when at the bank's agm.
“You'll know when there is news to tell,” he told reporters at RBS's headquarters in Edinburgh, where the meeting was held, while RBS said a leaving date would be confirmed in due course.
Asked about reports the government could start selling down its more than 70 per cent RBS stake this week, Mr Stevenson said a sell-off in bank stocks sparked by nervousness over political developments in Italy and Spain made this unlikely.
“I'd be surprised if now was an optimal time to sell,” the 52-year-old New Zealander who became CFO in 2014, said.
Dismissed speculation
RBS was rescued in a £45.5 billion (€52 billion) bailout by the British government during the 2008 financial crisis and has spent the last decade shedding trillions of dollars of assets and dealing with the legal and regulatory hangover from an unfettered pre-2008 global expansion.
Mr Stevenson joined RBS in May 2014 after 25 years at Credit Suisse and has led turnaround efforts with the bank's chief executive Ross McEwan, who arrived six months earlier.
Mr McEwan, who has dismissed speculation about his own departure, told reporters at the agm he had only heard of Mr Stevenson's plan to depart in the last 24 hours.
“I'm sad to lose Ewen, he's done a fantastic job,” Mr McEwan, a fellow New Zealander said.
The bank's shares, which have gained about 2.8 per cent since the bank's full-year results in February, were down 1.4 per cent to 276p in afternoon trading.
– Reuters
Renault is a standout midfield performer so far in 2017.
That is the view of Bob Fernley, the deputy boss at Force India.
Last year, Force India was the fourth force in F1, and the Silverstone based team remains fourth in the 2017 standings after three races.
But although Renault's results are not yet flowing in, Fernley said he is impressed with how Renault is going.
"Yes, I think they are progressing very quickly," he said. "Certainly more quickly than I would have expected.
"Before testing, I thought we would have a rivalry with Williams, Toro Rosso and McLaren, but McLaren clearly has a problem and Renault has made a significant step forward," Fernley added.
"Right now, two teams are in a fierce battle for first place, but behind them there are many teams and that's great."
* Traders see Fed sticking to gradual pace of rate hikes * 3-, 5-year yields hit more than five-week lows * Yields initially rise on Fed balance sheet discussion (Updates prices, adds comments) By Sam Forgione NEW YORK, April 5 U.S. Treasury yields fell on Wednesday, with three- and five-year yields touching more than five-week lows after traders viewed the latest Federal Reserve meeting minutes as indicating the central bank was maintaining an outlook for a gradual pace of interest rate increases. Yields initially shot higher after the Fed minutes, which also showed most of the central bank's policymakers think it should take steps to begin trimming its $4.5 trillion balance sheet later this year as long as the economic data holds up. Longer-dated yields in particular surged on that view within the central bank, since halting or phasing out reinvestments would remove a considerable source of demand for longer-dated Treasuries, analysts said. The Fed bought Treasury and mortgage-backed bonds on an unprecedented scale in the wake of the financial crisis to help keep interest rates low to spur hiring and growth. Both longer- and shorter-dated yields reversed course, however, in what analysts said was a realization among traders that the Fed was maintaining its "dovish" pace of rate increases. Shorter-dated yields are considered most vulnerable to Fed rate hikes. Yields on Treasuries maturing in three and five years fell the most on the day and hit their lowest levels since Feb. 27 of 1.426 percent and 1.837 percent respectively. "The market is anticipating a more hawkish stance than they actually get," said Lou Brien, a market strategist at DRW Trading in Chicago. He said the Fed's reinforcement of its gradual pace of rate hikes likely disappointed those expectations and led yields lower. Policymakers appeared to see upside risks to the economy, but there was still disagreement on how close the Fed was to meeting its 2 percent inflation goal this year. Despite reversing their initial rise, longer-dated yields still fell less than shorter-dated yields given the discussion of balance sheet tapering, analysts said. The details of the discussion "put the market on notice that (the Fed's) buying is not going to go on forever," said Collin Martin, director of fixed income at the Schwab Center for Financial Research in New York. "There are going to be some other buyers that will need to step in there and make those purchases." Benchmark 10-year Treasuries were last up 4/32 in price to yield 2.334 percent, from a yield of 2.350 percent late Tuesday, while 30-year yields were down 1 basis point at 2.981 percent. Wednesday, April 5 at 1603 EDT (2003 GMT): Price US T BONDS JUN7 151-31/32 0-10/32 10YR TNotes JUN7 125-60/256 0-52/256 Price Current Net Yield Change (pct) (bps) Three-month bills 0.79 0.8026 0.000 Six-month bills 0.9025 0.9192 0.000 Two-year note 100-10/256 1.23 -0.020 Three-year note 100-140/256 1.4343 -0.028 Five-year note 100-32/256 1.8486 -0.029 Seven-year note 99-236/256 2.1371 -0.024 10-year note 99-72/256 2.3319 -0.018 30-year bond 100-100/256 2.98 -0.012 DOLLAR SWAP SPREADS Last (bps) Net Change (bps) U.S. 2-year dollar swap 33.25 -0.75 spread U.S. 3-year dollar swap 28.75 -1.00 spread U.S. 5-year dollar swap 11.00 -0.50 spread U.S. 10-year dollar swap -2.75 -1.00 spread U.S. 30-year dollar swap -39.75 -1.00 spread (Reporting by Sam Forgione; Editing by Lisa Von Ahn and Chris Reese)
Close Track and cross country runner, Emma Driggers, wants to work at a museum so she can help connect people through history. Lauren Owens Track and cross country runner, Emma Driggers, wants to work at a museum so she can help connect people through history.
Close Modal Window Hang on for a minute...we're trying to find some more stories you might like.
Close
Close Modal Window Email This Story Sends email to this address
Enter Your Name
Add a comment here
Verification
Send Email Cancel
For one freshman track and cross country runner, FMU is a perfect fit.
Emma Driggers, a history and French double major, chose FMU because it provided her with all of the opportunities she was looking for in a school.
“Cross-country introduced me to the college,” Driggers said. “I'd never heard of it and had probably passed by on my way to Myrtle Beach thousands of times, but I'd never seen it or heard about it.”
Driggers said on one trip to the beach, her family made an impromptu stop by the school and met with cross-country coach Mark Bluman, and she was sold.
“The coach was telling me about all of the different scholarships the school had, all of the travel opportunities, that it's a small campus, it's affordable and all of these things that I'd been looking for just added up,” Driggers said. “I could travel, run, have a group of friends and not have a completely busy schedule all in one. That's everything I've ever wanted.”
Being on a team gave Driggers a group of friends at FMU. She said since teams train in the summer and come early for the semester, she had people she already knew in a brand-new place before she ever started classes.
Driggers said her goal for her time at FMU is to get her 5K time under 19 minutes. She said her goal in high school was to have her time under 20 minutes, and now she wants to beat that goal.
Having a goal for her college running career is important to Driggers because she said she wants it to shape her just as much as her high school experience did. Driggers said her high school coach taught her about perseverance, determination, motivation and what it means to have heart.
“You have to have talent to shoot a basketball or hit a golf ball or whatever else, but you have to have something deep inside of you to run,” Driggers said. “I want to be able to take that with me in whatever else I do, and I want to get that experience here.”
Even after she graduates, Driggers said she doesn't want to stop running.
“I'll keep running as long as I'm physically able,” Driggers said. “Running keeps me structured here, and I think it can keep me structured throughout life. I'd love to run the Paris Marathon or the Boston Marathon.”
Driggers said she'd like to find a running group. Having only ever run with teams, Driggers said she's looking forward to being exposed to people who don't run competitively.
When her time at FMU is over, Driggers said she wants to work as a museum curator at a large museum such as the Smithsonian after she earns her Master's degree.
“Ultimately, I just want to be able to travel and connect people through history and culture,” Driggers said. “If there was a job with that as the description, I would take that.”
Driggers said making those connections with people is what makes being a curator so appealing.
“We try to connect to people with politics or whatever,” Driggers said. “But we have to connect with people through things that we share, and that's our history.”
ESPN analyst and longtime NHL player and coach Barry Melrose talks Predators, Garth Brooks and ESPN's hockey coverage with The Post's Justin Terranova. Q: What is the biggest reason the...
March 30 Riber SA:
* FY net loss 1.1 million euros ($1.18 million) versus loss of 6.3 million euros year ago
* FY operating loss 1.1 million euros versus loss of 6.3 million euros year ago
* Riber is confirming its forecast for revenue growth of at least 30 pct compared with 2016 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: ($1 = 0.9325 euros) (Gdynia Newsroom)
DUBLIN (AP) — An Irish citizen recently acquitted after four years of being imprisoned in Egypt says he saw dozens of cellmates become radicalized and adopt views of the Islamic State group during his brutal captivity in overcrowded jails.
Ibrahim Halawa, 21, was arrested after security forces broke up a 2013 sit-in protesting the army's overthrow of an elected Islamist president, and was released in October after being held in a half-dozen detention centers. His experience provides a unique perspective on how conditions inside Egypt's notorious prisons have degenerated during an unprecedented crackdown on dissent.
Born in the Dublin suburb of Crumlin to parents of Egyptian descent, Halawa had faced death by hanging on charges that ranged from inciting violence to murder, and says regular beatings with bars and metal chains during captivity led him and others to the brink of despair.
"In the beginning, no one had even heard of Daesh, but by the time I left, maybe 20 percent were openly supporting their ideas," he said, using the Arabic acronym for IS. "It could have been just talk — many of them were engineers, students and doctors who just wanted to get home to their families — but after all those years of being in jail with no explanation, much wanted revenge."
Advertisement
The extremist group boasts a powerful affiliate in Egypt's northern Sinai that has stepped up attacks in recent years, killing hundreds of security forces and civilians and expanding its reach to the mainland. Last month gunmen waving the group's black flag killed 300 people at a Sinai mosque in the deadliest terror attack ever carried out in the country.
Authorities have meanwhile waged a sweeping crackdown on dissent. Human rights groups say as many as 60,000 political prisoners are being held in Egyptian jails, mainly Islamist supporters of ousted President Mohammed Morsi but also several prominent secular activists.
Halawa said prison officials routinely described him and his cellmates as "political prisoners," even writing it on cells that were built to hold 10 men but were packed with dozens. The Egyptian government, which has branded Morsi's Muslim Brotherhood group a terror organization, denies holding any political prisoners.
"The prisons were packed — originally there were many members of the Muslim Brotherhood and April 6 (secular youth movement) but new people were always coming in," he said. "Toward the end, the guards became really rough with us because they saw people who left were returning still politicized, posting their views on Facebook."
Halawa was detained in the summer of 2013, just a few days after the army cleared out mass protests against the overthrow of Morsi, whose awkward one-year rule divided the country. Hundreds of protesters were killed.
Halawa and his sisters travelled regularly to Egypt for vacation, and had arrived that summer, just after he finished secondary school exams.
"I had no clue what was going on in Egypt at the time. I went to a few protests, including anti-Morsi ones, but everyone did back then, and I wanted to see all sides," he said. Only after friends were killed by the military did he accept an invitation to speak on stage at the main sit-in, where he said organizers were inviting anyone to address the crowd.
"The place was full of lots of simple people who were just against military rule, like farmers who earned ($50) a month. And at the stage, they were desperate for speakers, especially foreigners," he said.
Halawa's Egyptian-born parents urged him and his sisters to avoid the demonstrations, but their curiosity got the better of them, he said. His father, Hussein, is the imam for Ireland's largest Muslim community, in Dublin, and both he and Ibrahim insist they have nothing to do with the Brotherhood.
"Our relatives in Egypt aren't political at all, and everyone knows this — even the prosecutors and police never accused us of being a pro-Brotherhood family. My sisters and I, by going to a simple protest, were the most politically involved in the family," he said. Authorities released his three sisters after three months' detention.
Halawa says he had a typical Irish childhood, even playing Gaelic sports like hurling. But as a devout Muslim of Egyptian descent who looks older than his age, he was seen by authorities as a threat. When they found him sheltering in a mosque during street clashes, it confirmed their suspicions.
Despite speaking only rudimentary Arabic at the start of his sentence, he was treated as an Egyptian in prison, beginning with the customary welcome beating guards referred to as "the party."
"The food was often rotten, although I luckily got packages from the Irish Embassy," he said. "It was pretty corrupt in there, the guards could accuse anyone of anything and the charges would stick." Prisoners were often punished when high-profile attacks were carried out against the state over the years, such as the assassination of the prosecutor-general in 2015.
"When that happened they gave us a thorough 'inspection,' dumping out all our things in the middle of the cell and throwing food and water on it," he said. "They also made us stand under the sun all day sometimes, but other times when they tried to get information they'd offer me extra food."
Human rights groups say torture and other abuses are rampant in Egyptian prisons. Egyptian officials deny any systematic abuse and say individuals are held accountable for any violations.
Toward the end of Halawa's imprisonment, the Brotherhood — previously known for organizing inmates in detention — had lost much of its pull inside jail, he said, with only die-hards sticking with the group.
"Most people wanted nothing to do with them after four years, they just wanted to get out so they'd avoid associating with them," he said.
Halawa's case — a collective trial with nearly 500 defendants — began to be resolved only in March of this year, the first time he was allowed to come before a judge to declare his innocence. While most of the accused received sentences of between five years and life imprisonment, Halawa and some 50 others were declared innocent. He was released on Oct. 18 and returned home.
Now he hopes to finally begin his studies in computer science and business, and get on with his life. Grateful for the sustained support of human rights organizations and the Irish government, he also wants to campaign for the unjustly detained, especially his countrymen.
"There are plenty of people out there imprisoned like I was for no reason, so I'd like to help."
___
Follow Brian Rohan on Twitter at www.twitter.com/Brian_Rohan
PRESIDENT Rodrigo Duterte's socioeconomic agenda was unveiled in his trip to the Middle East last week and will be called “Dutertenomics,” Trade Secretary Ramon Lopez said on Monday.
“Dutertenomics” aims to widen the gains of economic development, address inequality and uplift the quality of life of all Filipinos, the Cabinet official said in a statement.
Lopez said the President's visits to Saudi Arabia, Bahrain and Qatar significantly strengthened diplomatic relationships, resulting in stronger commitments to enhance bilateral trade and investments.
The government also made gains for overseas Filipino workers in the three countries, Lopez said, citing memoranda of understanding and agreements in the field of education, health, vocational and skills training; investments; and technical cooperation.
These initiatives, Lopez said, form part of “Dutertenomics” that would lead to more job and income opportunities and improved quality of life.
Duterte urged the oil-rich countries to buy more Philippine products to improve their trade balance with the Philippines. Saudi Arabia, Bahrain and Qatar are the main sources of oil and oil products imported by the Philippines.
Lopez also reported several initiatives to facilitate investments, including the Investment Protection and Promotion Agreement (IPPA) with Qatar, which should facilitate the flow of Qatar investments into the Philippines.
This agreement, negotiations for which started nine years ago, will make Philippines an eligible recipient of investment funds from the Qatar Sovereign Fund. The initial investment estimate was $1 billion.
Lopez said: “Qatar investors will be treated fairly and will not be disadvantaged.”
The government, he said, would “facilitate identification of opportunities and entry of investments.”
NEW YORK CITY (AP) — The Weinstein Co. filed for bankruptcy protection on Monday with a buyout offer in hand from a private equity firm, the latest twist in its efforts to survive the sexual misconduct scandal that brought down co-founder Harvey Weinstein, shook Hollywood and triggered a movement that spread out to convulse other industries.
The company also announced it was releasing any victims of or witnesses to Weinstein's alleged misconduct from non-disclosure agreements preventing them from speaking out. That step had long been sought by New York State Attorney General Eric Schneiderman, who filed a lawsuit against the company last month on behalf of its employees.
The Weinstein Co. said it has entered into a “stalking horse” agreement with an affiliate of Dallas-based Lantern Capital Partners as part of its bankruptcy protection filing in U.S. Bankruptcy Court in Delaware. That means Lantern has agreed to buy the company, subject to approval from the court.
The company made the filing about two weeks after negotiations to sell the company to a group of investors falls apart. Lantern, which had been one of those investors, has now offered to buy most of the assets of the company and keep on its employees, the Weinstein Co. said.
Other bidders also could emerge, particularly those interested in the company's lucrative 277-film library, which includes award-winning films from big-name directors like Quentin Tarantino and horror releases from its Dimension label. Free of liabilities, the company's assets could increase in value in a bankruptcy.
The movie and TV studio becomes the first high-profile company to be forced into bankruptcy in the nationwide outcry over workplace sexual misconduct. Dozens of prominent men in entertainment, media, finance, politics and other realms have seen their careers derailed, but no other company has seen its very survival as tightly intertwined with the fate of one man as the Weinstein Co.
In more fallout over the scandal, New York's governor directed the state attorney general to review the 2015 decision by the Manhattan district attorney's office not to prosecute a 2015 case involving an Italian model who said Weinstein groped her.
Weinstein, who was fired as CEO of his company in October, has denied any allegations of non-consensual sex.
Hanging in the balance is the fate of more than 100 employees and several lawsuits filed by Weinstein's accusers.
Under bankruptcy protection, those lawsuits will be halted and no new legal claims can be brought against the company. Secured creditors will get priority for payment over the women suing the company.
However, the lawsuit filed by Schneiderman's office will not be automatically halted because it was filed by a law enforcement agency.
The bankruptcy process also will bring the company's finances into public view, including the extent of its debt. Negotiations to sell the company to a group of investors led by businesswoman Maria Contreras-Sweet fell apart earlier this month after the buyers claimed they discovered up to $64 million in undisclosed liabilities, including $27 million in residuals and profit participation. Those liabilities come on top of $225 million in debt, which the buyers had said they would be prepared to take on as part of a $500 million acquisition deal.
The Weinstein Co. already had been struggling financially before the scandal erupted in October with a news story in The New York Times and The New Yorker. Brothers Harvey and Bob Weinstein started the company in 2005 after leaving Miramax, the company they founded in 1979 and which became a powerhouse in '90s indie film with hits like “Pulp Fiction.” After finding success with Oscar winners “The Artist” and “The King's Speech,” the Weinstein Co.'s output and relevance diminished in recent years. The company let go 50 employees in 2016 and continuously shuffled release dates while short of cash.
Several other executives and all but three members of the board of directors also have left the company. Last year, the studio sold distribution rights for the movie “Paddington 2” to Warner Bros. for more than $30 million.
BANGKOK, March 30 Mudman Pcl, which runs cafes and restaurants such as Au Bon Pain and Dunkin' Donuts in Thailand, plans to raise 1.1 billion baht ($32 million) in an initial public offering (IPO) to help repay debt and fund expansion.
The company plans to sell about 211 million new shares at 5.25 baht each, parent firm Sub Sri Thai (SST) said in a statement to the stock exchange on Thursday.
Of the total, up to 41.44 million shares will be offered to SST's existing shareholders on March 29-31 and the rest will be sold to the public on April 3-5, it said.
Maybank Kim Eng Securities (Thailand) is the IPO lead underwriter and Siam Commercial Bank is the financial adviser.
Mudman also runs the Baskin Robbins franchise in Thailand as well as its own brand Greyhound Cafe.
Overall, it has 439 branches of Au Bon Pain, Dunkin' Donuts, Baskin Robbins and Greyhound restaurants and cafes in Thailand and is planning to open its first Greyhound Cafe in London this year. ($1 = 34.4 baht) (Reporting by Wirat Buranakanokthanasan; writing by Orathai Sriring; editing by David Clarke)
BASE jumper sets new world record in Idaho Miles Daisher, international BASE jumper, set the world record for most unassisted BASE jumps in 24 hours in June 2017 at the Perrine Bridge in Twin Falls, Idaho. Miles Daisher via Instagram Aggregated by Kelsey Grey ×
crossOrigin="anonymous" SHARE COPY LINK Miles Daisher, international BASE jumper, set the world record for most unassisted BASE jumps in 24 hours in June 2017 at the Perrine Bridge in Twin Falls, Idaho. Miles Daisher via Instagram Aggregated by Kelsey Grey
Instagram is officially Kris Aquino's medium. In a series of posts, she has kept her fans and followers updated of what's going on with her Hollywood adventure.
Early Tuesday (Manila Time), the flamboyant TV host—who is definitely one of the Philippines' biggest and most controversial personalities—posted, “I am now being managed by East West Artists headquartered in Los Angeles … My entertainment career will be under the direct supervision of one of their partners, @agentchrislee. #NewBlessing #NewJourney.”
She followed it up with a greeting, “Good morning Philippines. #Grateful #BeBlessed.”
With another text that said, “Work hard in silence. Let your success be the noise,” she furthered, “Obeying the request of @agentchrislee, believing in the wisdom of @nix722, and for the peaceful hearts of my sisters. #challengeaccepted.”
The Queen of All Media flew to Los Angeles on Sunday to sign a contract for a Hollywood project, which she said she could not disclose the details yet as she signed a non-disclosure agreement, but shared she was excited to read the script with her name watermarked on every page.
Meanwhile, showbiz website Pep.ph reported that Aquino has landed a role in the movie adaptation of Kevin Kwan's hilarious bestselling novel Crazy Rich Asians.
Metropolitan Museum of Art Costume Institute Gala - Rei Kawakubo/Comme des Garcons: Art of the In-Between - Arrivals - New York City, U.S. - 01/05/17 - Model Karlie Kloss. REUTERS/Lucas Jackson
Metropolitan Museum of Art Costume Institute Gala - Rei Kawakubo/Comme des Garcons: Art of the In-Between - Arrivals - New York City, U.S. - 01/05/17 - (L-R) Actress Dakota Johnson, Gucci Creative Director Alessandro Michele, actress Salma Hayak and CEO of Kering Francois-Henri Pinault. REUTERS/Lucas Jackson
Metropolitan Museum of Art Costume Institute Gala - Rei Kawakubo/Comme des Garcons: Art of the In-Between - Arrivals - New York City, U.S. - 01/05/17 - Evan Rachel Wood. REUTERS/Lucas Jackson
Metropolitan Museum of Art Costume Institute Gala - Rei Kawakubo/Comme des Garcons: Art of the In-Between - Arrivals - New York City, U.S. - 01/05/17 - Actor and singer Donald Glover. REUTERS/Lucas Jackson
Metropolitan Museum of Art Costume Institute Gala - Rei Kawakubo/Comme des Garcons: Art of the In-Between - Arrivals - New York City, U.S. - 01/05/17 - Sasha Lane. REUTERS/Lucas Jackson
Metropolitan Museum of Art Costume Institute Gala - Rei Kawakubo/Comme des Garcons: Art of the In-Between - Arrivals - New York City, U.S. - 01/05/17 - Mary J. Blige. REUTERS/Lucas Jackson
Metropolitan Museum of Art Costume Institute Gala - Rei Kawakubo/Comme des Garcons: Art of the In-Between - Arrivals - New York City, U.S. - 01/05/17 - Actor Riz Ahmed. REUTERS/Lucas Jackson
Metropolitan Museum of Art Costume Institute Gala - Rei Kawakubo/Comme des Garcons: Art of the In-Between - Arrivals - New York City, U.S. - 01/05/17 - Socialite Kim Kardashian. REUTERS/Lucas Jackson
Metropolitan Museum of Art Costume Institute Gala - Rei Kawakubo/Comme des Garcons: Art of the In-Between - Arrivals - New York City, U.S. - 01/05/17 - Jennifer Lopez and Alex Rodriguez. REUTERS/Lucas Jackson
Metropolitan Museum of Art Costume Institute Gala - Rei Kawakubo/Comme des Garcons: Art of the In-Between - Arrivals - New York City, U.S. - 01/05/17 - Model Gigi Hadid. REUTERS/Lucas Jackson
Metropolitan Museum of Art Costume Institute Gala - Rei Kawakubo/Comme des Garcons: Art of the In-Between - Arrivals - New York City, U.S. - 01/05/17 - Singer Rihanna. REUTERS/Lucas Jackson
NEW YORK On a night when celebrities can let loose on their fashion choices, pop princesses and Hollywood actress took it up a notch in the avant-garde department at New York's Met Gala on Monday.
The 2017 Metropolitan Museum of Art's Costume Institute ball was themed "Rei Kawakubo/Comme des Garçons: Art of the In-Between," an homage to highly structured creations of the Japanese designer and her avant-garde label.
Pop singer Katy Perry, a co-chair of the ball, lived up to the theme's challenge with a custom Maison Margiela "Artisanal" ensemble by John Galliano, an imperial red tulle dress and a veil embroidered with the word "Witness."
Eric Wilson, fashion news director at InStyle, described this year's theme as "extremely challenging" compared to years past and agreed that Perry's outfit was courageously on point.
"I think she's without a doubt the hit of the night so far," Wilson said. "It's very brave to wear something that disguises who you are so much on the red carpet."
Rihanna was no slouch either, embodying Kawakubo's penchant for dramatic silhouettes in a custom Comme des Garçons floral dress with cutouts and oversized ruffles. The singer earned the most mentions on social media, said Kellan Terry, an analyst at the social media monitoring company Brandwatch.
"Happy" singer Pharrell Williams in jeans and leather jacket, and star couple Tom Brady and Gisele Bundchen in matching silver helped fashion maven and Vogue editor-in-chief Anna Wintour host the annual fundraising gala, which is sometimes referred to as "the Oscars of the East Coast."
Reality TV star Kim Kardashian went against the theme, sporting a white dress by Vivienne Westwood with no clutch, no jewelry and no Kanye West, her fashion-loving husband. Sister Kendall Jenner dared to be bare, wearing a sheer slip that left little to the imagination, both in front and back.
Donning a beige Ralph Lauren trench coat gown paired with big silver hoop earrings, actress Priyanka Chopra dropped jaws and turned heads. Tennis star Serena Williams also served up drama with a baby bump under her green Atelier Versace dress.
Actress Zoe Kravitz went with a strapless pink and black Oscar de la Renta gown with an off-the-shoulder train, receiving much praise on social media, where the hashtag #MetGala was top trending.
Wilson said an added plus to Kravitz's dress is that it "looks comfortable."
"Some of these pieces are gorgeous on the red carpet," Wilson said. "But I'm assuming that a lot of these celebrities are going to be changing once they get through that door and sit down to dinner."
(Reporting by Melissa Fares and Alicia Powell in New York; Editing by Mary Milliken)
Kicking off the 20/20 Shift Black Business Expo: HBCU Edition sponsored by Mastercard and Spotify on Saturday, April 22 in Greensboro,NC showcasing the best and brightest in Black business.
Black Business Expo
Contact
Deja C.
***@deluxepublicity.com Deja C.
End
-- Current students will get the chance to connect with local and nationally-recognized tech professionals, as well as meet entrepreneurs innovating their respective industries. As an entrepreneur, you'll have the opportunity to meet and connect with other entrepreneurs also contributing to the local economy.Event Agenda:• Opening remarks - 11 am• Shopping & networking - 11:15 am• Panel of entrepreneurs - 12:30 pm• Fireside chat with 2020 Shift Founder Ariel Lopez and Xavier Jernigan of Spotify - 1:30 pm• Keynote TBD - 2:00 pm• Shopping & networking - 2:30 pmFor students, it will be an excellent chance to connect with local companies for internships and other hiring efforts. Entrepreneurs will also meet and connect while hearing from community and business leaders, while sharing their tips for success from across industries. We'll also have a special tech startup pitch competition, food, drinks and much more.About 20/20Shift ( http://www.2020shift.com/ After experiencing the diversity issue first-hand, we created 2020Shift to help tech and digital media companies diversify their recruitment process, retain minority talent and provide leadership and skills-based training to the industry's next leaders. We've built amazing relationships with contemporary companies making waves in diversity and inclusion.
Australian celebrity chef Neil Perry prepares ingredients as he caters for guests during the 50 Best Restaurants awards in Melbourne, Australia April 5, 2017. REUTERS/Melanie Burton
Participants pose for a group picture during the 50 Best Restaurants awards in Melbourne, Australia April 5, 2017. REUTERS/Sonali Paul
Co-owners of the restaurant Eleven Madison Park Daniel Humm (L) and Will Guidara (C) talk at a press conference during the 50 Best Restaurants awards in Melbourne, Australia April 5, 2017. REUTERS/Sonali Paul
Co-owners of the restaurant Eleven Madison Park Daniel Humm (L) and Will Guidara (C) talk at a press conference during the 50 Best Restaurants awards in Melbourne, Australia April 5, 2017. REUTERS/Sonali Paul
MELBOURNE New York's Eleven Madison Park nabbed the top prize at the World's 50 Best Restaurants on Wednesday, only the second non-European restaurant to win the gong.
The restaurant overlooking Madison Square Park was praised for its sense of fun in blending a creative tasting menu with gracious hospitality. It rose from third place last year, overtaking Italy's Osteria Francescana and Spain's El Celler de Can Roca.
"We get to help people celebrate some of the most important moments in their lives or give them the grace to forget something for a moment," said co-owner Will Guidara on receiving the top gong with Swiss-born chef Daniel Humm.
The restaurant, where Humm's prized dish is celery root cooked in a pig's bladder, has just extended its lease for another 20 years and will close for three months for an overhaul.
"We're about to embark on a completely new journey," Guidara told reporters, calling the prize a fitting end to the first phase of Eleven Madisons journey.
Since the inception of the award in 2002, California's French Laundry is the only other non-European establishment to claim the top prize. It won in 2003 and 2004.
The top 10 included two Peruvian restaurants, Central, which slipped to no.5 from fourth place last year, and Maido which climbed to no. 8 from 13.
Peru is becoming a dining hot spot as the country has so many terrains at different altitudes for creative chefs to gather ingredients, one of the voters for the award, German food writer Christoph Teuner, told Reuters.
The only Asian restaurant in the top 10 was Bangkok's Gaggan, where owner-chef Gaggan Anand has created a modern take on his native Indian cuisine by deconstructing favorites like samosas and tikka masala.
Spain continued to dominate the line-up with three restaurants in the top 10, including Mugaritz, while France had only one in the top 10 - Mirazur in the south-eastern town of Menton.
Rounding out the top 10 was Vienna's Steirereck, housed in a glass cube, where freshwater mountain fish is cooked at the table in hot beeswax.
The list was created by William Reed Business Media, and the gongs are now as coveted as Michelin stars.
Danish restaurant Noma, in the top 10 for nine successive years and winner of the award four-times, dropped out of the list as chef Rene Redzepi has closed the restaurant while moving it to a new venue in Copenhagen.
There are no criteria for putting a restaurant on the list, which is based on a poll of more than 1,000 chefs, food critics and other industry insiders spread across 26 regions. Each member gets 10 votes and at least four of those votes have to be for restaurants outside their region.
(Reporting by Sonali Paul; Additional reporting by Melanie Burton, editing by Pritha Sarkar)
Saad Mohammed paints a copper vase at his studio in the town of Belqina, north of Cairo, Egypt April 26, 2017. REUTERS/Mohamed Abd El Ghany
Saad Mohammed paints a pottery vase at his studio in the town of Belqina, north of Cairo, Egypt April 26, 2017. REUTERS/Mohamed Abd El Ghany
Saad Mohammed, who's handwritten a 700-meter-long Koran which he hopes to submit to Guinness World Records, walks in his neighbourhood in the town of Belqina, north of Cairo, Egypt April 26, 2017. REUTERS/Mohamed Abd El Ghany
Saad Mohammed reads from another Koran that he's handwritten, at his studio in the town of Belqina, north of Cairo, Egypt, April 26, 2017. REUTERS/Mohamed Abd El Ghany
Saad Mohammed reads from another version of Koran that he's handwritten at his studio, in the town of Belqina, north of Cairo, Egypt April 26, 2017. REUTERS/Mohamed Abd El Ghany
Saad Mohammed turns the page of a book he's handwritten at his studio in the town of Belqina, north of Cairo, Egypt, April 26, 2017. REUTERS/Mohamed Abd El Ghany
Saad Mohammed rolls down what he says is the largest handwritten version of Koran in the world measuring around 700 meters long, the town of Belqina, north of Cairo, Egypt, April 26, 2017. REUTERS/Mohamed Abd El Ghany
A page of Saad Mohammed's 700-meter-long Koran, which he hopes to submit to Guinness World Records as the largest handwritten Koran in the world, is pictured at his studio in the town of Belqina, north of Cairo, Egypt April 26, 2017. Picture taken April 26, 2017. REUTERS/Mohamed Abd El Ghany
Saad Mohammed rolls down what he says is the largest handwritten version of Koran in the world measuring around 700 meters long, in the town of Belqina, north of Cairo, Egypt, April 26, 2017. REUTERS/Mohamed Abd El Ghany
Saad Mohammed rolls down what he says is the largest handwritten version of Koran in the world measuring around 700 meters long, in the town of Belqina, north of Cairo, Egypt, April 26, 2017. REUTERS/Mohamed Abd El Ghany
Saad Mohammed rolls down what he says is the largest handwritten version of Koran in the world measuring around 700 meters long, the town of Belqina, north of Cairo, Egypt, April 26, 2017. REUTERS/Mohamed Abd El Ghany
Saad Mohammed reads from another version of Koran that he's handwritten at his studio in the town of Belqina, north of Cairo, Egypt, April 26, 2017. REUTERS/Mohamed Abd El Ghany
Saad Mohammed writes as he sits on the floor of his studio, in the town of Belqina, north of Cairo, Egypt, April 26, 2017. REUTERS/Mohamed Abd El Ghany
Saad Mohammed turns the page of a book he's handwritten at his studio in the town of Belqina, north of Cairo, Egypt April 26, 2017. REUTERS/Mohamed Abd El Ghany
Saad Mohammed writes as he sits on the floor of his studio in the town of Belqina, north of Cairo, Egypt, April 26, 2017. REUTERS/Mohamed Abd El Ghany
Saad Mohammed turns the page of a book he's handwritten at his studio, in the town of Belqina, north of Cairo, Egypt April 26, 2017. REUTERS/Mohamed Abd El Ghany
BELQINA, Egypt An Egyptian artist who educated himself after dropping out of school has spent three years creating what he hopes is the world's biggest Koran.
Saad Mohammed, who has hand-painted Islamic motifs on the walls and ceilings of his home in the town of Belqina, north of Cairo, has reproduced the Muslim holy book on a paper scroll 700 meters long.
He displays the intricately decorated manuscript in a large wooden box with rollers at each end.
"This Koran is 700 meters long, and of course that's a large amount of paper," he told Reuters Television. "I self-funded this project for the past three years - and I'm an average person. I don't have assets or anything."
Mohammed wants to submit his Koran for inclusion in Guinness World Records. Guinness says that while there is a record for the world's biggest printed Koran, there is so far no record holder for the largest handwritten version.
Mohammed says he is hoping for help with the costs of applying to Guinness from the government or any other interested party.
(Writing by Giles Elgood; Editing by Angus MacSwan)
Soccer-De Biasi quits as Albania coach, says his cycle over
TIRANA, June 14 Albania coach Gianni De Biasi resigned on Wednesday after six years in charge during which he led them to Euro 2016, their first and only appearance at a major tournament.
Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world.
Is IoT turning into the 'internet of threats'?
During an industry announcement in KL, Michelle Ong suggested a way for Malaysian companies to tackle the rising rise of IoT attacks.
Image (GraphicStock) - Networks
During the announcement of an upgrade to an industry solution in Malaysia, a network cybersecurity specialist player noted the sharp rise of attacks linked to IoT (internet of things) devices.
Recent media reports of IoT-based attacks have spotlighted the massive scale of attacks made possible by weaponising billions of devices, which can be used to disrupt the digital economies of entire countries and millions of users.
These issues are compounded by the lack of basic security features and management capabilities in many IoT devices, said Michelle Ong, Fortinet's Malaysia country manager.
Ong said this represented "a major challenge for enterprises in Malaysia today whose data needs to remain secure as it traverses many types of devices and environments, from tablets to cloud applications."
"Malicious cyber actors have been increasingly targeting the billions of IoT devices online today, essentially turning the Internet of Things into an Internet of Threats," she added.
Visibility and control
Ong (pic below) pointed out that Malaysian companies were hampered by a lack of visibility and control. "Current point products and platform security solutions lack the visibility and wider network integration necessary to see, let alone secure, the IoT attack surface."
"It is critical that today's enterprises implement security solutions that can identify, understand, and protect their infrastructures from the massive attack surfaces created by IoT," she said.
Ong moved on to include the company's offering. "[Our] Security Fabric arms Malaysian enterprises with proven security capabilities today, while providing a foundation for the visibility and automation required to maintain an effective IoT cybersecurity posture in the future."
Why a security fabric? She said: "Malaysian enterprises need to consider three strategic network security capabilities to harden their infrastructure against IoT threats." These are:
1. Learn - Complete network visibility is critical to securely authenticate and classify IoT devices, build risk profiles, and then assign IoT device groups based on identified trustworthiness.
2. Segment - Enterprises need to be able to segment IoT devices and communications into policy-driven groups and grant baseline privileges suitable for the specific IoT risk profile.
3. Protect - A fabric solution, which is automated, provides the required capability to correlate IoT security incidents and threat intelligence to deliver a synchronised response to IoT threats. It also ensures that compromised IoT devices can be quarantined and remediated at multiple points within the network to contain threats and ensure that malicious traffic never reaches critical IT systems or enterprise data.
Ong said the company's security fabric was being used "by some of the largest enterprises and government organisations in the world to secure their critical IoT devices, spanning industrial applications and public utilities."
The first version of this article appeared on Computerworld Malaysa on 16 February 2017.
1
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Uber users in Birmingham are calling out the taxi-hailing app for its surge pricing model, which left one passenger with a charge of up to £149 from Harborne to Solihull today.
An anaesthetist on her way to care for patients undergoing cancer surgery slammed the service as the city faced travel and traffic chaos in the midst of an icy snow blast.
A 'snow bomb' caused as much as six inches of the white stuff to fall on Sunday, with flights, buses and trains all affected.
But medical professionals hoping to use Uber for their daily commute on Monday have slammed the service for its pricing model.
The surge pricing model - which is automatic - comes into effect during busy periods.
But, alarmingly, it has meant some passengers face having to fork out more than four times the normal rate.
(Image: Daily Mirror)
Dr Daman Mullhi shared details of a proposed route and service price on social media.
Staggeringly, it worked out at an astonishing £111 - £149, from Harbone to Solihull Hospital.
The NHS professional eventually used a local minicab firm which charged £30 for the same journey.
Dr Mullhi, who couldn't get a vehicle off the drive this morning, resorted to calling for an Uber alongside countless other Brummies.
The anaesthetist worker was left utterly outraged at the cost.
Dr Mullhi said: "Whilst I understand that taxi firms may charge some additional fees in adverse weather, I feel that the surcharge Uber were placing was ridiculous and quite mercenary."
It is not the first time Uber has come under fire for this model.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Earlier this year, Uber was branded "absolutely disgusting" after automatic surge pricing remained in place following the London Bridge terror attack before removing it.
Outraged customers accused the company of profiting from the horrifying attack that killed seven people and left 48 wounded.
The firm, which allows riders to hail cabs with their smartphones, said the surge was "automatic" adding in a statement: "As soon as we heard about the incident we immediately suspended dynamic pricing all around the area of the attacks."
A spokesman said the company would refund all rides that passed through the area in the wake of the attack.
An Uber spokesperson said: "Our app uses dynamic pricing which means that fares automatically increase when the demand for cars in a specific area is greater than the cars available. Bad weather meant that were many people looking to book a car but fewer cars on the road which caused prices to automatically rise. The higher fare encourages more drivers to come into the area so there are more cars for people who want one. Users always see a fare estimate in advance so they have the choice to book a car, share the trip with others or wait until fares decrease."
FIGHTING CANCER: Relay for Life's Graham Price, Evelyn Bury, Greg Bath,Trish Mears, Karen Bath and Angela Childs enjoy being a part of tea worthy cause.
RESIDENTS of Palm Lake Resort Bargara are showing that age has no boundaries when it comes to having fun, and raising money for a valuable cause.
Taking a leaf from Lewis Carol's book Alice's Adventures in Wonderland, attendees were limited only by their imaginations as they dressed up as a range of characters from the book for The Mad Hatters Tea Party.
Relay for Life Young at Heart co-ordinator Graham Price said this year's Relay for Life event to be held on August 12 and 13 had the theme At the Movies.
"The Young at Heart teams at Palm Lake regularly hold a morning tea to raise funds for the Cancer Council via Relay for Life and this year it was decided to use the movie Alice in Wonderland and in particular The Mad Hatters Tea Party and then carry this theme on to the relay weekend,” he said.
"We were proud to have over 200 people in attendance with the main characters featured including the Mad Hatter, Alice, White Rabbit, Red Queen, Dormouse and March Hare, however everyone who attended were encouraged to dress up in any character they wished.”
AT THE MOVIES: The Mad Hatters Tea Party was held ahead of this year's Relay for Life, which has the theme At the Movies.
Graham said that there were two very important results from the morning tea: the fact everyone had so much fun they are still talking about it and the $5135 raised.
"We were so impressed with the level of support from all the volunteers who helped run this event and also the donations received from business and individuals from both inside and outside the resort,” he said.
"From all of us a big thank you to all our wonderful residents who contributed in any way to the great success of the Mad Hatters Tea Party.
"Your gifts were given in many forms: there were those who gave of their time, those of their talents - whether craft, cooking, painting or organising, those who used their energy, and those who gave donations for the multi draw raffles.
"Every one of these was gratefully appreciated.”
The award on the day for the best costume was won by Ian Finnis while the maddest hat was taken out by Sandy Snowdon.
Palm Lake Resort Bargara definitely has a wealth of social functions ranging from socialising at the bar, being engaged in numerous organisations, bowls, golf, tennis, cards, bingo, dancing in various forms, card making, craft and more.
There are definitely plenty of highlights on the social calendar including the Octoberfest, sponsored bowls days, cabaret and even Melbourne Cup.
"Events like the Relay for Life really enable the members to have fun, while working together as a team to raise much needed funds for a worthwhile cause.
"There are currently three Relays for Life teams in the resort comprising of approximately 40 residents.
"We highly recommend to other resorts to foster this team spirit, to have fun together and at the same time raise funds for a charity such as The Cancer Council of Queensland.
"For us it is just so overwhelming residents support for us to continue this worthwhile charity work for Relay for Life and Cancer Council Queensland.”
May 2 Global Ship Lease Inc:
* Global Ship Lease reports results for the first quarter of 2017
* Q1 revenue $39.6 million
* Q1 earnings per share $0.14
* Global Ship Lease-with high levels of scrapping & minimal vessel ordering in year-to-date, seen significant improvement in spot market charter rates in last few weeks
* Global Ship Lease Inc - trend of improvement in spot market charter rates has been particularly pronounced for mid-sized & smaller vessel classes Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
A 27-year-old immigrant from Bangladesh detonated a homemade pipe bomb strapped to his body in a crowded New York subway passage during the morning rush hour on Monday (Tuesday in Manila), injuring three people and putting the city on edge just six weeks after a deadly truck attack.
Akayed Ullah told police investigators he wanted to avenge US airstrikes on the Islamic State group and was also inspired by Christmas terror plots in Europe, and chose the location for his attack by the Christmas posters on the subway walls, US media reported.
His bomb failed to detonate properly, leaving him the only one seriously injured in the incident.
President Donald Trump seized upon the attack to call for tougher US immigration rules, saying the current “lax” policy “allows far too many dangerous, inadequately vetted people to access our country.”
“Today's attempted mass murder attack in New York City—the second terror attack in New York in the last two months—once again highlights the urgent need for Congress to enact legislative reforms to protect the American people,” Trump said in a statement.
Bomb only partially detonated
The blast took place in the subway station at the Port Authority bus terminal, not far from the city's iconic Times Square, sparking commuter panic and travel disruptions.
A closed-circuit security video showed commuters scattering as the bomb exploded and one body—that of the bomber—on the ground after the smoke cleared.
Authorities attributed the minimal damage from the simple device attached to Ullah's chest to a malfunction.
The explosion left him with several burns to his torso and hands, and he was sent to a hospital in “serious” condition.
The other three injured people suffered ringing in the ears, headaches and other minor complaints, and there was no significant damage to the subway structure.
“Fortunately for us, the bomb partially detonated,” New York Governor Andrew Cuomo said. “It did not fully have the effect that he was hoping for.”
Cuomo said Ullah was not part of a “sophisticated network,” but appeared to have been “influenced” by the Islamic State or other extremist groups.
Christmas attacks threat
The attack came as the Christmas-New Year holiday season was moving into high gear, underscoring the possible threat that lone actors inspired by Islamic State or Al-Qaeda pose to festive crowds.
In Berlin last year, an IS-inspired Tunisian refugee drove a large truck into a crowd at a Christmas market, killing 12.
Islamic State supporters have made online threats and urged sympathizers to conduct attacks on Western targets during the holiday season.
New York was rocked on October 31, the Halloween holiday, when an immigrant from Uzbekistan drove a rented truck down a busy bike and pedestrian path, killing eight people and injuring 12.
In November, the US State Department issued an alert for travelers to Europe during the holiday season, reminding them of the Berlin attack as well as the assault on a New Year's Eve party in an Istanbul nightclub last year that left 39 people dead.
“US citizens should exercise caution at holiday festivals and events,” the State Department warned.
“Extremists continue to focus on tourist locations, transportation hubs, markets/shopping malls and local government facilities as viable targets.”
Cuomo said the latest bombing underscored that New York is a perennial target, 16 years after the 9/11 attacks.
“This is New York. The reality is that we are a target by many who would like to make a statement against democracy, against freedom,” he said.
A bomb in a subway station “is in many ways one of our worst nightmares,” Cuomo said.
Trump demands tighter immigration
Sayfullo Saipov, the Halloween attacker, had entered the country in 2101 under the “Diversity Immigrant Visa” program, by which the United States has sought to widen the sources of immigrants.
Ullah arrived seven years ago as the member of a family already in the United States, under what is known as “chain immigration.
Trump has called to eliminate both programs and move to a merit-based immigration policy.
As part of his crackdown on immigration, the president's administration has slashed refugee arrivals, blocked travelers from six Muslim-majority countries and pressed for tighter restrictions on all those seeking to legally move to the United States.
But Mayor Bill de Blasio, a strident critic of Trump's immigration policy, said the president's criticism was misplaced, stressing that Ullah had no criminal record and would not have been allowed into the country if his sponsors were not of “good standing.”
“We have to come back to American values…if someone does something which indicated there are threats, we act on it,” he told NY1 television. AFP
BRUSSELS A country's spending on development aid and on defence are separate items, NATO Secretary General Jens Stoltenberg said on Friday, responding to German comments about NATO's target for increasing military budgets.
German Foreign Minister Sigmar Gabriel had said on Thursday that it was not realistic for Germany to spend 2 percent of its economic output on defence and that other spending, such as development aid, should be taken into consideration.
"Diplomacy, development aid, economic cooperation can be important to help stabilise a region," Stoltenberg told a news conference in Brussels.
"We have international targets, guidelines, for development aid, 0.7 percent of GDP and then we have a NATO agreement on moving towards 2 percent. But those are two different things, even though both are important," he added.
"It is not either development or security, it is development and security and the foundation of development is to have peace and security."
(Reporting by Robert-Jan Bartunek; editing by Philip Blenkinsop)
WARSAW, April 5 Poland's inflation will likely stabilise at a "moderate" level in the coming quarters, the central bank said on Wednesday, explaining its decision to keep interest rates at an all-time low.
The bank also reiterated that the current level of borrowing costs, with the key rate at 1.50 percent since March 2015, has helped keep Poland on a path of balanced economic growth.
"The stabilisation of price growth in the coming quarters will be facilitated by a fading out of the effects of earlier rises in commodities prices on global markets," the bank said in a statement.
"The risk of exceeding the inflation target in a sustained way in the medium term is limited," the bank said. (Reporting by Pawel Sobczak and Bartosz Chmielewski; Writing by Marcin Goettig)
Contact
Dexter Kennedy
***@helpsavecolumbia.org Dexter Kennedy
End
-- Register Now! Help S.A.V.E. Columbia 2018 Summer Camps are now available for early registration!Help S.A.V.E. Columbia summer camp offers opportunities for students ages 5-15 to experience the joy of learning new things that will contribute to student individual goals. Help S.A.V.E Columbia Summer Camp encourages kids to be better learners, leaders, become more self disciplined, and creativeDuring this summer experience, each child will have an opportunity to realize their dream and engage in educational curriculum (English/Math), Self Defense, How to deal with Bullies and an opportunity to build lasting friendships;all while having fun. Our goal is to deliver a high quality program at a cost that keeps each family's financial burdens at a minimum.Our teachers specialize in helping improve our children's individual talents and strengths through focused fun learning, in an environment of creative collaboration. Help S.A.V.E. Columbia Summer Program begins June 11 - 22, 2018 from 7:00 am- 6:00 pm at 9161 C Two Notch Road. To register,visit www.helpsavecolumbia.org.
April 5 CHS Inc
* CHS reports fiscal 2017 second-quarter and first-half results
* Q2 revenue rose 11 percent to $7.3 billion
* CHS- "As our operating environment remains challenging, we continue to act prudently, taking appropriate and measured actions regarding costs and investments"
* CHS Inc- Net income of $14.6 million for Q2 of its 2017 fiscal year compared to a net loss of $31 million for Q2 of fiscal 2016 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
A multiagency missile defense test at Vandenberg Air Force Base failed Friday for unknown reasons.
A Ground-Base Interceptor missile, which launched from North base at 11:35 a.m., did not intercept its desired test target, according to the Defense Department.
Vandenberg's 30th Space Wing, Missile Defense Agency, U.S. Northern Command and Joint Functional Component Command were conducting an integrated exercise and flight test Friday of the Ground-based Midcourse Defense (GMD) element of the nation's Ballistic Missile Defense System.
The primary objective was the intercept of a long-range ballistic missile target launched from the Army's Reagan Test Site on Kwajalein Atoll in the Marshall Islands.
“Program officials will conduct an extensive review to determine the cause or causes of any anomalies which may have prevented a successful intercept,” Pentago officials said in a statement.
According to an MDA spokesperson, the operationally configured interceptor is designed to intercept and destroy a ballistic missile warhead as part of the Ground-based Midcourse Defense element of the integrated Ballistic Missile Defense System.
Col. Keith Balts, 30th Space Wing commander, was the launch decision authority.
“Both the 30th Space Wing and the Missile Defense Agency worked hard to get the team ready for (Friday's) launch,” he said. “This was my first MDA launch as the wing commander, and I was impressed by the professionalism each member of this team embodied.”
— Noozhawk staff writer Gina Potthoff can be reached at .(JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address) . Follow Noozhawk on Twitter: @noozhawk, @NoozhawkNews and @NoozhawkBiz. Connect with Noozhawk on Facebook.
Fresh from the well-received showing of Regal Entertainment's millennial horror flick Puwera Usog in March, one of the movie's main cast members Albie Casiño seems to have caught the mystery-thriller bug as he takes on the central character in The Complex—D5Studio's newest web series, now ready for viewing on the World Wide Web.
In an interview with the T-Zone just before the Holy Week break, Casiño acknowledged that he enjoys acting in the horror genre, but maintained that it was by pure coincidence the two projects came one after another.
“Nagkataon lang,” said the young heartthrob who added he was also lured into The Complex by the fact that the show opened to him the emerging medium in entertainment via the Internet.
“Everything is going online now,” Casiño noted. “So this is really the way to go. I, myself, have actually developed the habit of watching web series more than TV, like Riverdale on Netflix,” he added, referring to the American production based on the long-running Archie comic book series.
All the same, the daring actor added that shooting a web series is no different from a movie or a TV show.
“You've got your long shots and your tight shots, the lights, your co-actors and director,” Casiño continued. “The only difference from a TV series is that the episodes are much shorter—they're 15- to 20-minuters—so the pacing is faster for the audience, and the end of every episode much more exciting.”
Casiño, who has also appeared in the horror movies Aswang and Shake, Rattle & Roll 14: The Invasion, is cast in The Complex as Alex, a male nurse who moves into an apartment complex and meets Anj, a beautiful but mysterious girl. Alex soon experiences strange incidents and vivid haunting dreams, soon realizing that the hallways, corners and walls of the building conceal a secret begging to be revealed.
D5Studio—TV5's digital entertainment arm—tapped award-winning indie filmmaker Prime Cruz (Sleepless, Ang Manananggal Sa Unit 23B) to bring The Complex to life.
At the same interview with Casiño, the director explained, “The Complex is a different type of mystery-thriller, hooked more on mood and ambience and not just on jump scares. I looked into the audience demographics of D5Studio and catered this horror material to them—16 to 25 year old millennials who aren't entertained just by blood and gore but something edgy. That's why we came up with a psychological thriller for the web series.”
Casiño seconded his director's details on the program concept, and said, “The way the story is told is different—it's not just given to you from scene to scene. You have to think and figure out what just happened and what it may lead to. Scare-wise, I think it's really more effective this way.”
Casiño is joined in The Complex by veteran character actor Lou Veloso, whose recent performance in Erik Matti's December 2016 horror Seklusyon was lauded by critics, as Mang Rene, the resident maintenance guy in the apartment building. As for the rest of the actors, D5 Studio held auditions for various key roles.
In casting the dark and cryptic Anj, the director suggested Emmanuelle Vera who was hailed for her performance in the indie romantic comedy-drama, Ang Kwento Nating Dalawa.
Indie actor, Boo Gabunada plays JR, a fellow tenant who moved into the complex two months before Alex. Whether or not Alex stays or leaves will depend on his relationship with JR. Gabunada is known for being part of the memorable ensemble cast of Joel Ferrer's screwball comedy feature, Baka Siguro Yata.
Finally, there is JR's longtime girlfriend Pia who is fiercely protective of her man. The role went to Kate Alejandrino who recently delivered memorable performances in acclaimed indie features like Bitukang Manok, Lila and the lesbian drama, Baka Bukas.
The Complex, which went live on D5Studio's YouTube page [youtube.com/D5Studio] on April 15, comes at the heels of the production's highly successful web series Forever Sucks, starring Jasmine Curtis-Smith. Another proud D5Studio Original, the team behind the continuous productions is focused on a very specific audience whom they describe as “a new breed of tastemakers and influencers.”
The entire first season of The Complex is now live and available for viewing free and on demand on the Internet.
Western Digital expects ruling on injunction request by mid-July -source
TOKYO, June 15 Western Digital Corp expects a ruling on its request for a court injunction to stop the sale of Toshiba Corp's chip unit by mid-July, a source familiar with the situation said on Thursday. The California-based firm presented a revised offer for the chip unit that met Toshiba's requests on Wednesday but did not receive a positive response, a separate source said.
Credence Research has recently issued a new market assessment report titled “Therapeutic Monoclonal Antibodies – Growth, Future Prospects and Competitive Analysis, 2016 – 2022”. The global Therapeutic Monoclonal Antibodies Market study provides a comprehensive view of the ongoing and future phases of the Therapeutic Monoclonal Antibodies industry based on parameters such as major commercial events, research initiatives, government guidelines, market drivers, restraints and opportunities and detailed industry segmentation and regional distribution.
Browse the report at http://www.credenceresearch.com/report/therapeutic-monoclonal-antibodies-market
Based on geographic/regional distribution the global Therapeutic Monoclonal Antibodies Market is studied for key regional markets focusing on the respective geographic trends and statistics, and thereby delivering market size and forecast values. The Therapeutic Monoclonal Antibodies Market based on geographic classification is studied for North America, Europe, Asia-Pacific, Latin America, and Middle East and Africa markets. Among these, the North America, Europe and Asia-Pacific Therapeutic Monoclonal Antibodies Market is studied for top country-level markets. The Therapeutic Monoclonal Antibodies industry in each individual country market is studied based on parameters such as per capita income, population, gross domestic product (GDP), status of infrastructure, purchasing power parity, etc. Technology development, industry concentration, end-user preference, and similar such grounds are also considered while estimating the market for Therapeutic Monoclonal Antibodies. The market estimates are provided for the period 2014-2022, along with corresponding compounded annual growth rates (CAGRs) for the forecast period 2016-2022.
This report on Therapeutic Monoclonal Antibodies Market also offers competition assessment tools such as market positioning of key players, attractive investment proposition, and Porter's Five Forces model to give the readers a view of the competitive scenario of the Therapeutic Monoclonal Antibodies Market. The Therapeutic Monoclonal Antibodies Market report is concluded with company profiles chapter. This section highlights major information about the key players engaged in development, manufacture, distribution and sale of Therapeutic Monoclonal Antibodies in the international markets.
Browse the report at http://www.credenceresearch.com/report/therapeutic-monoclonal-antibodies-market
Major extracts from the Table of Content of Therapeutic Monoclonal Antibodies Market, 2016-2022 report:
Therapeutic Monoclonal Antibodies Market Dynamics – Drivers, Challenges, Opportunities
Therapeutic Monoclonal Antibodies Market Size and Forecast for the Period 2014-2022
Therapeutic Monoclonal Antibodies Market CAGR for the Period 2016-2022
Therapeutic Monoclonal Antibodies Market Competitive Analysis, by Key Players
Therapeutic Monoclonal Antibodies Market: Attractive Investment Proposition, by Geography
Therapeutic Monoclonal Antibodies Market: Key Commercial Events
Therapeutic Monoclonal Antibodies Market: Future Prospects (upcoming product approvals)
Latest Report
Ocular Surgery Devices Market
https://www.credenceresearch.com/report/ocular-surgery-devices-market
Efficient Thermal Management
https://www.credenceresearch.com/report/air-management-systems-market
About Us:
Credence Research is a worldwide market research and counseling firm that serves driving organizations, governments, non-legislative associations, and not-for-benefits. We offer our customers some assistance with making enduring enhancements to their execution and understand their most imperative objectives. Over almost a century, we've manufactured a firm extraordinarily prepared to this task.
Media Contact
Name: Chris Smith (Global Sales Manager)
Address: 105 N 1st ST #429, SAN JOSE, CA 95103 US
E-mail: sales@credenceresearch.com
Ph: 1-800-361-8290
Web: http://www.credenceresearch.com
The comedian remembers being inspired to write as a child.
Writer and comedian David Walliams confessed he still has imaginary friends as he told how he finds inspiration for his children's books.
The Little Britain star recalled how he used to transform his childhood bedroom into a spaceship where he could write his early material.
Describing himself as a “solitary child”, the 46-year-old told Radio Times magazine of his make-believe companions: “They're still my friends – they're not imaginary, are they?
David Walliams was awarded an OBE for services to charity and the arts (Philip Toscano/PA)
“I really liked being alone with my imagination and my toys, creating comedy sketches. I used to think that my bedroom was a spaceship and I could pilot it out into space at night.
“Your imagination is formed as a child and I think writers tend to be more solitary as children.”
After turning his attention from TV roles, such as sketch show Little Britain with Matt Lucas, to creating novels for young readers, he has penned more than 10 titles.
“I never set out to write a masterpiece,” he said.
“Some writers can't get started because they want to be the next James Joyce. I don't worry too much about that. My books are there to entertain kids; everything else is a bonus.”
He said each book takes him three to four months to write and he draws inspiration from real-life characters, whether he meets them in his daily life or welcomes them on stage as a judge on ITV contest Britain's Got Talent.
Commenting on his fifth novel, the comically gruesome tale of Ratburger, he said: “The character of Burt is based on a Britain's Got Talent contestant who ate live cockroaches from a paper bag.
“He got me thinking – if he eats live cockroaches, what else might he do? Might he turn rats into burgers? Might he sell those burgers to kids outside schools? That was the first little seed.”
But commenting on his recent release, Bad Dad, he admitted that he was disappointed by critics who slammed the inclusion of a gay wedding scene.
“What a shame,” he said.
“My best friend from school is gay and I was the best man at his wedding – my son was the ring-bearer.
“There were lots of children there, and I thought what a wonderful thing that these children will grow up without any sense of prejudice against gay people. I don't think children reading it will be the least bit bothered.”
Radio Times out now (Radio Times/PA)
:: Radio Times is out now.
© Press Association 2017
1 can escargot, drained and rinsed
1 tablespoon butter
1 tablespoon olive oil
1 tablespoon shallot, diced small
1 tablespoon minced garlic
Heat the oil and butter in a sauté pan over medium heat. Add the shallot and garlic until fragrant, add the snails, season with salt and pepper and shake the pan for about 5 minutes.
Allow to cool.
Compound Butter
2 sticks room temperature butter
2 shallots minced
2 garlic cloves minced
2 teaspoons olive oil
½ cup minced parsley
¼ cup minced tarragon
zest of 2 lemons
1 tablespoon salt
In a sauté pan cook the shallots and garlic in the olive oil until soft but not brown.
Combine all ingredients in a food processor until bright green and well combined.
Preheat oven to 425˚F.
If you have snail shells, place a bit of butter in the shell, press a snail in each shell and then stuff the remaining space inside with the green butter. You can also use a snail plate. Just fill each dip in the plate with a snail and top with the green butter.
Bake in the oven (or broil) for 5-6 minutes or until the butter is sizzling. Serve immediately with toasted baguette or brioche.
Copyright 2018 by WPLG Local10.com - All rights reserved.
Buying decisions simplified for online shoppers in india, Get the lowest prices
Contact
Ruturaj Kohok
info@pricekart.com
***@pricekart.com Ruturaj Kohokinfo@pricekart.com
End
-- Nethority Technologies Pvt Ltd is excited to announce the launch of a new price comparison website called as PriceKart. The new website provides the ultimate price comparison while shopping online. The users can use the website to search for the products they wish to buy online and find the best and the lowest price for the exact product on the major e-commerce websites in India. Hence, PriceKart makes "Buying Decisions Simplified".Besides, the new website showcases the latest and the most popular products for shoppers where they can explore and buy from the e-commerce store which is offering the best price. Generally, when a buyer wishes to buy something online, he has to search for the product on various online stores and then compare the prices manually. The new website is designed to eliminate these efforts, time and save money while shopping online."Our Vision is to provide shoppers with lots of accurate data, the lowest prices, hidden deals and offers so they get the best at the least." said Ruturaj Kohok, Founder & CEO, Nethority Technologies Pvt. Ltd.PriceKart includes popular product categories such as Mobiles & Tablets, Fashion, Laptops and Peripherals, Home and Kitchen Appliances, TV & Entertainment, books, and Cameras to name a few. Furthermore, it has a 'Top Brands' menu which incorporates the products from reputed and popular brands in India. For more details, visit us online at www.pricekart.com
April 12 Kneomedia Ltd
* Kneomedia has determined that a more lucrative strategy is coordinated roll-out of Kneoworld content into Philippines school market directly
* The new strategy, which will deliver a greater proportion of future revenue to Kneomedia, is currently being formalised
* Believes that there will be no delay in rollout of kneoed and Kneoesp into the Philippines given this direct-to-market approach
* Updates on the Philippines licencing agreement Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
There are so many great things about going on holiday, but setting an alarm for the middle of the night to catch an early flight isn't really one of them.
According to Travel and Leisure, though, it definitely does have its perks: they advise that you should actually opt for early flights, in order to have a better chance of getting to your destination on time.
Giphy
This is because early flights are typically less likely to be delayed than those in the afternoon or evening, because they aren't impacted by as many flights that depart prior to them.
This is because of air traffic: controllers who aims to move aircraft safely and efficiently through the airspace system, by keeping planes set distances apart while moving them from airport to airport using set route.
So, the more flights before yours that have delays for various reasons (lack of cabin crew, massive clean up job, etc), the more likely your flight is to be delayed, too.
Getty
According to FiveThirtyEight's data, delays tend to start at around 8am each day and get gradually worse, until they peak at around 6pm.
So that's one reason it's worthwhile getting to the airport for 4am, then.
Phenylbenzimidazole sulfonic acid also known as ensulizole is an organic compound largely used in sunscreens and cosmetic products worldwide. It has the ability to primarily block or absorb Ultraviolet radiations (UV). However, it doesn't give complete protection since it is unable to block long range UV radiations; hence it is often paired with other ingredients such as avobenzone, zinc oxide, Tinosorb or titanium dioxide. Phenylbenzimidazole sulfonic acid has the characteristic quality and thus it doesn't degrade its potency upon exposure to UV rays. Phenylbenzimidazole sulfonic acid converts incident ultraviolet radiations into less harmful infrared rays. It has a light and non-greasy finish. Phenylbenzimidazole sulfonic acid is a water soluble compound and thus it is often used in the formulation of lotions and moisturizers.
Request Report Brochure @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=B&rep_id=20741
The market for Phenylbenzimidazole sulfonic acid is expected to rise in future due to rising demand for personal care products in the market. The propensity to spend on skincare is not hugely impacted by a slowdown, rather consumer preferences during this period tends to shift towards lower priced mass-market products. Personal care industry is a very large and lucrative market and thus it is expected to flourish in the near future. Hence, demand for Phenylbenzimidazole sulfonic acid is expected to grow from 2014-2020. Phenylbenzimidazole sulfonic acid is considered as a safe ingredient for use in personal care products; however the Cosmetic Databases consider it as a moderate hazard. It can cause cancer related and cellular level changes concerns if used for a prolonged period. Thus, this is hampering the growth of Phenylbenzimidazole sulfonic acid market and is the major growth barrier. Opportunity in the Phenylbenzimidazole sulfonic acid market
According to the Personal Care Products Council, phenylbenzimidazole sulfonic acid can be used in concentrations up to 8% in Europe and 4% in the U.S. The phenylbenzimidazole sulfonic acid market can be segmented on the basis of end-user industry such as- personal care, pharmacological formulations, and others. Phenylbenzimidazole sulfonic acid has been considered to be non-carcinogen by the International Agency for Research on Cancer (IARC), American Conference of Industrial Hygienists (ACGIH), the National Toxicology Program (NTP), and Occupational Safety and Health Administration (OSHA).
Read Report Overview @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/phenylbenzimidazole-sulfonic-acid-market.html
The global phenylbenzimidazole sulfonic acid market is anticipated to grow at a substantial rate in the foreseeable future. China is expected to drive the demand for phenylbenzimidazole sulfonic acid in the South Asian region. China has set up of several medium sized companies which are indulging in the production of phenylbenzimidazole sulfonic acid. Mushrooming chemical industry in China is expected to swell the demand for phenylbenzimidazole sulfonic acid in Asia Pacific region.
About Us
Transparency Market Research (TMR) is a global market intelligence company providing business information reports and services. The company's exclusive blend of quantitative forecasting and trend analysis provides forward-looking insight for thousands of decision makers. TMR's experienced team of analysts, researchers, and consultants use proprietary data sources and various tools and techniques to gather and analyze information.
TMR's data repository is continuously updated and revised by a team of research experts so that it always reflects the latest trends and information. With extensive research and analysis capabilities, Transparency Market Research employs rigorous primary and secondary research techniques to develop distinctive data sets and research material for business reports.
Contact
Transparency Market Research
State Tower,
90 State Street,
Suite 700,
Albany NY – 12207
United States
Tel: +1-518-618-1030
USA – Canada Toll Free: 866-552-3453
Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com
Website: http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com
0:14
Video shows cop punching a woman in the face as she is ejected from Hard Rock Stadium
small churches
I recently wrote a chapter for a book edited by my friend Jeff Farmer called Small Church, Excellent Ministry: A Guidebook for Pastors . My chapter specifically looked at “Getting Small Churches on Mission.” The below was used with permission from Wipf & Stock Publishers. In Part 1, I offered four big-picture ways for smaller churches to begin moving toward mission. In Part 2 and 3, I began to discuss how smaller churches can reach their communities and beyond for Christ.
8. Small churches could develop a jail ministry.
Local and county jails almost always appreciate any attempt to lower recidivism and the evangelism and discipleship of inmates is a proven way to lower repeat offenses. The United States has the highest incarceration rate in the world with over 2.5 million persons locked up. Of those, approximately 1 million are in city or county jails.
Unlike state or federal prisons, those in jail have often not yet been convicted of a crime. They have been charged with an offense (major or minor) and are awaiting trial. Persons convicted of sentences of a year or less often serve out their time in a jail. Jails are a fertile ground for sharing the gospel liberally.
Jail ministry, like all new ministries, must be birthed after a long time of prayer with those who are interested in such a mission. Let the Holy Spirit soften your heart to incarcerated persons. Mediate on Jesus' words in Matthew 25:36–40. When you minister to those in jail, to the least of these, you are ministering unto Jesus himself.
After confirming a commitment to this ministry, set up a meeting with the local sheriff or chief of police. A face-to-face meeting is often more effective, allowing you to lay out your plan of weekly ministry. It may be that there is already an evangelical ministry to this jail. See about joining with them or asking for suggestions about nearby jails where no ministry currently exists.
The two components helpful for a fruitful jail ministry are an ample supply of Bibles to hand out to anyone who asks, and a consistent, weekly commitment to show up. The Bibles need to be in a contemporary translation that is easy to understand and the meetings must meet the spiritual needs of the prisoners.
There will be a mix of baby believers and unbelievers who show up for Bible study. Make sure to focus on helping them to understand the grand narrative of the Bible: God created a world, humans rebelled, and Jesus' life and death reconciles back to God those who repent and believe in him.
These men or women need to hear that God in Christ loves them. They need to know that they have value and that God has not abandoned them. Also remember that this isn't seminary or even a Bible college. Keep the teaching simple and straightforward. Give them opportunities to contribute. Christians need to grow and unbelievers need a chance to ask legitimate questions without fear of ridicule.
If you are granted access for a ministry, make sure to inquire about any rules or policies that you may not be aware of so you can stay compliant. It is vitally important that you maintain respect towards those who are in charge.
Additionally, make sure there are at least two people who lead this ministry. This is beneficial both for a long-term strategy of multiplication and short-term continuity if one leader is sick or on vacation. Jail ministries will not thrive if they are inconsistent. In the same way that Chuck Colson showed that prison ministry can be effective, jail ministry is often an untapped field white unto harvest for those who are willing to do the hard work of tilling and sowing.
9. Small churches can provide after-school tutoring for children in the area.
Research indicates that students who are not reading at grade level by the time they complete third grade are almost always unlikely to ever catch up. In 2009, 68 percent of all fourth graders in public schools were reading below grade level.[i]
Students who do not read at grade level are more likely to drop out before earning a diploma and are underprepared to enter the workforce as skilled laborers. Society as a whole, not to mention the individual himself, suffers from illiterate and under-literate citizens.
A semi-structured program where retirees help these students to read better provides an excellent resource for children who need extra help honing their reading and comprehension skills. Even thirty minutes spent with a child each school day working on reading skills will pay incredible dividends. Parents will see results and be grateful for the time spent with their children on a focused activity.
Additionally, children will see that coming to a church building can be beneficial for them. Kids want to read, they want to explore the worlds found within books. And church members who commit a little bit of time each day to make their dreams come true can be a catalyst to all sorts of opportunities to share Jesus with them.
One spin-off of this idea is that smaller churches, especially in urban or suburban areas, can offer ESL courses to persons trying to learn English. There is no easier way to share the story of redemption with someone than by reading the Bible together. This is often exactly what happens when churches host ESL classes.
Adults come to learn how to read and speak English and churches use the Bible as their primary textbook. Conversations about theological truths begin to occur naturally as the students are exposed night after night to God's inerrant word. There is a great need for ESL classes, especially if there is no charge to the students.
ESL certification for the primary teacher of this ministry takes between six to twelve months and there is a moderate financial cost, but TESOL certification is not a requirement to teach ESL courses. It takes commitment, patience, and an attitude of service to labor together towards an achievable goal.
There are more options that could be listed here, and many more to be discovered as new challenges arise in a community. Look at your community, love the people around you, and seek to understand their needs. Don't let your size limit your willingness to do the most you can to reach your neighbors. But also, don't let your desire help immediate needs limit the full scope of your mission.
In all of these actions, there is a temptation to provide a societal service (helping kids read better, provide financial assistance to keep a family in their home, etc.) but fail to tell them about Jesus. The gospel cannot fall to the wayside. Christianity has specifically called our mission “The Great Commission,” as opposed to “A Pretty Good Suggestion.”
We are commanded to go into all the world and share the gospel that Jesus saves. To help a neighbor is good and right, but to withhold the gospel is sinful. Carl F. H. Henry once quipped, “The gospel is only good news if it gets there in time.”[ii]
Small churches can make a significant impact in their community—both from a social and a spiritual perspective—and around the globe, by partnering in global missions. In today's society, churches are no longer looked to for answers to moral questions. They are no longer seen as the foundation of societal stability or the fabric holding our nation together. Instead, they are being pushed to the margins and labeled as intolerant and sometimes hateful.
But, as the old saying goes, actions speak louder than words. If churches intentionally invest in making their communities a better place, they transition from being the people who are against “fill-in-the-blank” to the people who are known for caring for their neighbors.
The early church was known for how they loved and cared for people. Regardless of congregation size, the mission is the same. We can reach our communities if we will only look outward. It may be the case that the church culture seems to acknowledge larger churches more than others.
But our neighborhoods don't care about that—they are simply looking for hope in a broken world. Let us be known by our love, and let it be known that small churches are a great place to love others and be loved.
[i] Fiester, Early Warning, 6.
[ii] Thornbury, Recovering Classic Evangelicalism, 175.
Ed Stetzer holds the Billy Graham Distinguished Chair of Church, Mission, and Evangelism at Wheaton College, is executive director of the Billy Graham Center, and publishes church leadership resources through Mission Group.
WeWork CEO says revenue runs at $1 bln a year, no IPO details yet
NEW YORK, June 14 The chief executive of WeWork Cos Inc said on Wednesday the coworking space startup he co-founded is now generating $1 billion a year in revenue at current rates and will launch an initial public offering, but did not say where or when.
King Mohammed VI of Morocco reviews a guard of honour at the National palace during his state visit to Ethiopia's capital Addis Ababa, November 19, 2016. REUTERS/Tiksa Negeri
RABAT After six months of post-election deadlock, Morocco's King Mohammed VI on Wednesday named a new cabinet led by the main Islamist party, which lost a key ministry after protracted negotiations with rivals in the ruling coalition.
The Islamist Justice and Development (PJD) party won elections in October, but the formation of a government was delayed during wrangling with parties who critics say were too close to royalists uneasy with sharing power with Islamists.
Under Moroccan law no party can win an outright majority in the 395-seat parliament, making coalition governments a necessity in a system where the king holds ultimate power despite ceding some authority during protests in 2011.
The PJD's Saad Eddine El Othmani, a former foreign minister, was appointed premier last month by the king to replace PJD leader Abdelilah Benkirane, after his efforts to form a government had been frustrated.
The new cabinet includes members from six political parties.
The PJD, the National Rally of Independents (RNI), the Popular Movement (MP), and the Party of Progress and Socialism (PPS) were in the last government.
Also part of the new cabinet are the Constitutional Union (UC) and the Socialist Union of Popular Forces (USFP), whose participation became a source of conflict between Islamists and the rival RNI party, led by a close friend of the king.
MAP state news agency said several key ministerial posts remain unchanged and under the control of the RNI, which clashed with the PJD during party talks over its insistence on including the USFP in the coalition. The PJD had resisted under Benkirane.
Aziz Akhannouch, RNI leader and a close friend of the king, remains Minister of Agriculture and Fisheries. RNI members Mohammed Boussaid and Moulay Hafid Elalamy remain heads of the Ministry of Finance and Economy and Ministry of Trade and Industry, respectively.
Abdelouafi Laftit, former governor of Rabat and opponent of the PJD, was named Minister of Interior. Former interior minister, Mohammed Hassad, whose tenure saw a testy relationship with Benkirane, was appointed Minister of Education.
The PJD lost its control of the key Ministry of Justice and Public Freedoms, previously led by Mustafa Ramid, who had been critical of the security service's record during his days as a lawyer and human right activist.
He will remain as Minister of State in charge of human rights.
Critics say since the 2011 reforms, royalists have tried to push back Islamist influence. Dismissing claims of royal interference, the palace says the king maintains an equal distance from all parties.
PJD SPLINTERS?
At the heart of the months-long political crisis were questions about the future direction of the PJD, the region's last remaining Islamist party in power after the Arab Spring, and its relations with the palace.
Last month, members of the PJD's national council met to discuss the party's next steps following the replacement of Benkirane. As party members gathered, Othmani's modest arrival was eclipsed by Benkirane, who received a hero's welcome.
For some members of the PJD, Benkirane's removal was a reflection of resentment toward him personally by other leaders, wary of his charisma.
Benkirane has said his party is living through a tough moment because of divisions over what some party members described in the local media as Othmani's failure to fully consult with the party's leadership on the cabinet makeup.
"Whatever may be said about Benkirane now regarding how he approached negotiations, he did maintain a certain advantage in that he refused ... any position that would weaken his party's agenda," said Intissar Fakir, editor-in-chief of Carnegie's Sada Journal.
Abdelali Hamieddine, member of the PJD's general secretariat posted in a tweet before Wednesday's cabinet announcement that a certain "critical distance from Othmani's government is needed".
(Reporting by Samia Errazzouki; Editing by Patrick Markey and Andrew Bolton)
After her glorious Grammy sweep on Sunday night, Adele woke up to a #BoycottAdele hashtag, with many Beyoncé fans questioning her "unfair" win over their idol. But calls for a boycott are scarcely new for Adele. Last year, after she endorsed Hillary Clinton for president, Trump supporters launched a similar hashtag. Buffeted by the competitive politics of the right and left, the English singer will likely think longingly back to the uncomplicated very first #BoycottAdele hashtag that trended briefly in 2015 after the release of her hit single "Hello."
It had nothing to do with politics and everything to do with tea.
The millions of fans who have watched the music video of "Hello" know that a steaming cup of tea has a central role to play in providing succor to the singer's lovesick heart.
Artfully stained with sepia and loss, the retro video opens with a deeply depressed Adele walking into a shut-up house enrobed in dustcovers. Outside, it's wickedly cold and blustery. Inside (her broken heart) the temperature's pretty tundra-like too. So while she lavishly mourns the loss of her coffee-drinking lover in song, Adele does what the English do when things look bleak. She pops the kettle on. There's a delicately patterned china cup and saucer waiting to be filled. So far, so good.
Then, the singer does something absolutely shocking. She pours hot water into the cup and then pops in a tea bag. Instead of the other way around, of course. This casual switching of steps was an outrage and nothing short of tea treason. British twitter sputtered with indignation.
How reassuringly English. A country that has fought two opium wars with China to protect its precious tea supply takes the beverage very seriously.
Ask the man who is the au currant hero, George Orwell. He may have fought totalitarianism all his life, but when it came to making a pot of tea, it was his way or the highway. His popular essay, "A nice cup of tea," is an 11-point disquisition on how to achieve just that. Orwell would have been horrified by Adele's – and the modern streamlined style of – tea-making. Not merely by the presence of a teabag but by the absence of a teapot. "If the tea is not loose in the pot it never infuses properly," he declaimed. In order to get a good infusion, one "should take the teapot to the kettle, and not the other way about. The water should be actually boiling at the moment of impact, which means that one should keep it on the flame while one pours."
As for that other great anti-totalitarian Brit, John Lennon, he could imagine a world without heaven and religion, but not without tea – brewed the right way, of course. A few years ago, his widow, Yoko Ono, wrote a piece for The New York Times called "The Tea Maker," in which she affectionately recalled their midnight tea-making kitchen trysts. "Yoko, Yoko, you're supposed to first put the tea bags in, and then the hot water," John would admonish her. And so Ono allowed him to make the tea his way. But, for tea purists, there's an unfortunate twist to this story. As Ono tells it:
One night, however, John said: "I was talking to Aunt Mimi this afternoon and she says you are supposed to put the hot water in first. Then the tea bag. I could swear she taught me to put the tea bag in first, but ..." "So all this time, we were doing it wrong?" "Yeah ..." We both cracked up...
So Adele should take heart. She has the great Beatle on her side. But though once a committed tea drinker, Adele has given up her 10-cups-a-day habit. Not because of the tea trolls but because of the pounds she was putting on from the heavily sugared cups.
Meanwhile, her "Hello" video has launched a range of "Hello, it's tea" merchandise and several cheeky parodies, including changing the soulful line of Lionel Richie's 1983 hit, "Hello," to "Hello, is it tea you're looking for?" In another very funny send-up, an English radio presenter rewrote the lyrics to make tea the star. So instead of belting out "Hello from the other side," we have:
Where the hell's my cup of tea? My ginger nut needs dunking see Have you even turned the kettle on? I should have had it by now But all my biscuits are gone I love tea It's me and tea.
On Sunday night, after an awkward, overwrought but sincere-sounding acceptance speech in which she nervously lavished praise on Beyoncé, Adele accidentally broke her trophy in half. As if it were a ginger nut biscuit she was dying to dunk into a cup of tea. With all of those boycott hashtags, she could certainly do with a cuppa.
Nina Martyris is a journalist based in Knoxville, Tenn.
Jacksonville Public Library will play host Wednesday to a Social Security expert who will answer any questions people may have about Social Security and its associated benefits.
Jack Myers of the Social Security Administration will be at the library at 2 p.m. Wednesday to answer questions about Social Security and its benefits. Hillary Peppers, the library's assistant director, said all Social Security questions will be welcome following an informal presentation.
“While he's here he'll be answering questions about everything under the sun,” Peppers said. “We had contacted him before but, because of the budget impasse, he hasn't been able to travel. But we were very lucky this year.”
Myers' event is happening around the launch of “Social Security Express,” a computer desktop tool that serves as a hub for Social Security features, information and security. An icon installed on public computers will quickly launch the online hub, through which people can request a replacement Social Security Card, for example, or estimate their retirement benefits.
The Social Security Administration is partnering with public agencies around the nation, Peppers said, including public libraries. Not everyone has internet at home, so Social Security Express will provide an easy way to access important Social Security information without a steep barrier.
“So often, you can go to Google and you put in ‘Social Security' and you're not necessarily going to get what you're looking for,” Peppers said. “This is a good introduction on how to access your Social Security information online.”
Myers will be available after the presentation to help people make new online accounts and to help guide them through the process of accessing their Social Security information online. Those who are not interested in the new online program are welcome to ask questions completely unrelated to the online program.
For more information about the Social Security forum, visit www.jaxpl.org.
http://myjournalcourier.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/04/web1_pay.jpg
By Nick Draper [email protected]
Nick Draper can be reached at 217-245-6121, ext. 1223, or on Twitter @nick_draper.
Nick Draper can be reached at 217-245-6121, ext. 1223, or on Twitter @nick_draper.
MEMBERS of the Bundaberg RSL Sub-Branch will move a vote of no confidence in president Paul Tramacchi with some concerned about the future of the RSL.
But some members are furious the meeting will be held on Tuesday afternoon when working members and those with young families will not be able to attend.
On Tuesday, November 21, the sub-branch administration officer received a petition signed by 28 members requesting a special general meeting to move the motion of no confidence in the president.
Division 4 councillor and ex-servicewoman Helen Blackburn was one of several members to voice their concerns about the timing of the meeting.
"I think it would be more appropriate for the meeting to be held when the majority of members can attend,” she said.
RSL life member Reg Rayner, 66, said it was highly unusual for the meeting to be held at that time.
"My complaint is if you work you can't get to the meeting and there is no other way to put forward your vote,” he said.
"My wife who is also a life member can't make it because she works.
"The big thing is that it's not a fair vote in that not many people can make it.”
When asked why the meeting was being held at that time, Mr Tramacchi declined to comment instead informing the NewsMail that "covered shoes have to be worn” to the meeting.
Ex-servicewoman Helen Baldwin said her 94-year-old father and two of his mates would love to go to the meeting but would not be able to attend because they rely on Ms Baldwin for transport and for her to explain proceedings.
"None of them want to go now because I can't be there,” she said.
"I want to go to the meeting but it's at 2pm and I have school kids to pick up.
"I think it has been set for that time to deter young people, and people that work.
"I think a meeting as important as this should be held on a Sunday to give as many members as possible to be there to vote.”
RSL Queensland state president Stewart Cameron said sub-branches were governed by their members, rather than a head office, and had their own constitutions and boards, which determined when and how meetings and voting practices were carried out.
"RSL Queensland does have a protective duty to sub-branches under its constitution, while also recognising their independence,” Mr Cameron said.
"To this end, RSL Queensland's constitution provides for a separate, independent entity to ensure fair, equitable practices and policies are maintained across the organisation.”
The meeting will be held at 2pm, Tuesday, February 6, at the RSL's Veterans Support Centre at 71 Takalvan St, Bundaberg.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
WASHINGTON — Randal Quarles, the latest front-runner for the vice chair of banking supervision at the Federal Reserve Board, would represent a moderate, mainstream Republican choice that is likely to be welcomed by the financial services industry.
Quarles is the third prominent ex-regulator to be floated as the likely pick, following David Nason, who also served in the Bush-era Treasury Department and later withdrew his name from consideration, and Thomas Vartanian, formerly with the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency.
By the simple expedients of being cheerful and attacking Jeremy Corbyn, Boris Johnson scored a deserved hit at the Tory conference on Tuesday. It is right not to be shy about questioning Mr Corbyn's record. But while it is true that Mr Corbyn has never wavered, over 40 years, in his extreme socialist views, it is also worth noting that he has recently changed his tone a lot. It reminds me of how Ian Paisley, without ever recanting his anti-Popery, dropped his noisy and lurid 1970s expressions of it, and adopted a more modern political voice. In his speech in Brighton last week, Mr Corbyn almost completely left out one of his deepest convictions — the need for a return of trade union power. Those who know his mind will find traces of this belief if they look hard, but the public in general and the young in particular will have heard only about more public spending, the re-nationalisation of utilities and railways and higher taxes on the rich. The hard left is always obsessed with hard power, and the unions are their essential tool for capturing the economy. So when Mr Corbyn barely mentions them, his omission is entirely deliberate.
This is an extract from Charles Moore's Notes, which appears in this week's Spectator
Most people would find the prospect of paddling down the crocodile-infested waters of the wild and beautiful lower Zambezi a little frightening but the Harrogate organiser of a forthcoming charity expedition is confident it will all go well.
Jane Keogh, owner of a personal development and training company in Harrogate, said: "I've read the stories in the national press about crocodile attacks in that area of Zambia but it tends to happen to people in inflatables. I wouldn't go on the river in one of them."
In July, Jane will lead a small team of ten people from the business world on a self-funded canoe trip down this famous African river to support orphaned and disadvantaged children in the remote rural Chiawa region.
The expedition will also serve to highlight the work of Conservation Lower Zambezi to protect endangered wildlife, especially elephants.
For four days and nights there will be no mobile phone reception as they paddle down stream and camp by the river.
Endangered - An elephant in Zambia. (Picture by Jane Keogh)
But there will certainly be plenty of animals.
Jane said: "We will be camping every night on small islands and sand banks.
"There will be hundreds of hippos around and we will probably see elephants crossing and snakes.
"There's also the chance of lions and hyenas and crocodiles but the noise of our camp fire will probably put them off.
"Any trip amongst wildlife always has an element of danger but the key thing is to respect the animals' territory."
Joning Jane on the journey of a lifetime by fibre glass canoe will be several other hardy volunteers from the Harrogate business world.
Among them are Alison Brooks, whose husband's business Moda Living at West Park is supporting the charity expedition, Jessica Kelly from Hendersons Insurance Broking Group at Cardale Park, Paul Woods from Imagine Financial Planning at Windsor House in Harrogate and Louisa Millington who is business development manager for Craven and Co in Knaresborough.
The inspiration for the expedition, whose aim is to raise a total of £13,500 to sponsor children in rural Zambia to go to secondary school, came from Jane's earlier experiences in Zambia.
Jane said: "I went to the Lower Zambezi a few years ago to volunteer for Conservation Lower Zambezi which is a non-profit organisation committed to the protection of wildlife and to the sustainable use of natural resources in the area.
"To work and live in a remote and wild part of the world, amongst the wildlife is a humbling and grounding experience. It was one of the most incredible experiences of my life.
"We need to educate people about sustainable living. Can you imagine a world without elephants?"
Before setting off down river, the team will visit local schools in Zambia to present computers and PE equipment at Gota Gota school and another school in the local village of Mugulameno.
Like Jane, herself, all members of the expedition are paying for the trip, including the flights, our of their own pockets.
The team's charity fundraising will be bolstered by an event at Hotel du Vin in Harrogate shortly.
The lunch on Sunday, June 10 will feature a raffle hosted by DJ Trev with prizes donated by Harrogate's business community, including a private VIP box for a top event at Leeds Arena.
General donations can be made to the Virgin MoneyGiving page which has been set up for the trip.
Fitch Publishes Bank Mantap's First Senior Bonds at 'AA(idn)'
(The following statement was released by the rating agency) JAKARTA, June 14 (Fitch) Fitch Ratings Indonesia has published a National Long-Term Rating of 'AA(idn)' for the proposed rupiah senior bonds of Indonesia-based PT Bank Mandiri Taspen Pos (Bank Mantap, AA(idn)/Stable). Bank Mantap's proposed bond issuance will be IDR2 trillion in total with maturity of up to 60 months, which consists of: - Tranche A with issuance amount of IDR1.5 trillion and maturity of 36 months from the issuance date,
LONDON Cheese-handling skills are not normally a prerequisite for success in sporting competition, but to win the English village of Stilton's most coveted prize, they are essential.
The village - which gave its name to the Stilton variety of English cheese - held its annual cheese rolling competition on Monday, with men's and women's teams competing in a knockout competition for bragging rights and a rather grand title.
"It's fantastic. Got my own trophy. I can say I'm a world champion. Great spirit. It's all just good fun really," Jo, a member of Anna's Girls, the team who took top honours in the women's category, said.
The event is jokingly billed as an ancient tradition. In fact, the competition began in the mid-20th century, when an enterprising pub landlord sought a way to boost business, after the village was bypassed by a major road.
Teams of four contestants roll wooden blocks shaped like rolls of cheese through the streets - the real cheese would be unlikely to survive the competition.
As with many team sports, coordination is vital to success.
"You've got to put your wingmen out to stop it going out and put two in the centre and if your start doing that it's the secret to your success," said Martin Piece, a referee at the event.
(Writing by Mark Hanrahan in London, editing by Ed Osmond)
April 28 MolMed SpA:
* Molmed and Megapharm sign licensing and distribution contract for Zalmoxis in Israel
* Zalmoxis will be distributed and marketed by Megapharm, once approved by the Israeli Ministry of Health (MOH) and included in the Israeli national health basket of drugs by the MOH
* Zalmoxis is a cell-based therapy enabling bone marrow transplants from partially compatible donors currently in Phase III in high-risk acute leukemia Source text: www.1info.it Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
Judge in Peter Lance trial rules that handling of original versions of scanned documents does not indicate bad faith
The question of whether Santa Barbara police destroyed evidence as a cover-up was at the heart of a court hearing Friday in the case of a Santa Barbara man charged with driving under the influence. Santa Barbara County Superior Court Judge Brian Hill ultimately determined that the evidence presented did not constitute bad faith.
Peter Lance, 63, is facing a misdemeanor DUI charge after being arrested by Santa Barbara police in the early morning hours of Jan. 1.
A freelance writer, Lance subsequently authored a lengthy series of articles for the Santa Barbara News-Press about his arrest and his investigation into the credibility of arresting officer Kasi Beutel.
Among Lance's allegations are claims that his signature and those of other defendants were forged on police report documents, relinquishing their right to have blood samples taken that could be retested later.
Beutel and the Santa Barbara Police Department have denied the allegations.
Hill met with the case's two attorneys in his chambers before beginning the public hearing Friday morning. At the start, Hill reminded both sides to make comments to the court and not to each other, and he instructed Lance not to speak at all unless through his attorney, Darryl Genis.
Most of Friday's hearing focused on whether law enforcement had knowingly destroyed Lance's original waiver. Three witnesses from the SBPD records department were called to the stand, each saying they were unsure when the waiver had been destroyed.
Whether the destruction of Lance's form violates constitutional or statutory law was central to the proceedings.
“We want to know whether that was done to preclude Mr. Lance from exculpatory evidence,” Hill said. “We're looking for some evidence of bad faith that can be attributed to the police in determining whether dismissal is the appropriate sanction.”
First to take the stand was police Lt. David Whitham, who oversees communications and records for SBPD. He explained how the department disposes of its documents.
Any reports that are handwritten are scanned electronically and within 10 days, he said. The accuracy of that scan is then verified by a records specialist.
After that, the department retains records between 90 days and six months, depending on workload, he said, and then the documents are shredded by an outside vendor. There's no law stating how long to keep the original documents, and Whitham said the 90-day period was a policy decision made by the department.
A new computer system was implemented in 2008, and a backlog occurred, according to Whitham. Budget cuts added to the logjam, he said, and the reports were verified by specialists as they could get to them. But documents from 2011, including Lance's, had been destroyed before filings dating from 2009 and 2010, prompting questions from the defense. Whitham was unsure about why 2011 records had been shredded first.
The next witness, SBPD records specialist Cindy Cornett, had an answer, saying she made the decision to work through the most recent files first, working backward through the paperwork. Cornett said she verified Lance's document for accuracy on Jan 11, 2011, adding that Lance's document could have been shredded in April or possibly May, but she didn't know for sure.
Genis asked Cornett if anyone from the District Attorney's Office had contacted her.
“I have never spoken to anybody from the DA's Office about Mr. Lance's report,” she replied.
SBPD records supervisor Susan Segura said she received a request for the waiver July 6, just like Cornett and Whitham.
When she checked the records that day, she found the electronic file, but was unable to locate the paper document. She responded to the District Attorney's Office the next day and advised them that the original report was maintained electronically and the print copy was no longer a part of SBPD records.
Through the testimony of the three witnesses, Genis maintained that the District Attorney's Office has known for some time that the policy was to scan and destroy the documents. He added that Deputy District Attorney Sanford Horowitz knew about the policy and had purposefully waited to request that document so it would be destroyed.
After asking several times for Genis to keep his voice down, Hill said he wasn't convinced that law enforcement actions constituted bad faith.
Although he had ordered the original, Hill said that no trial date had been set at the time so there was no urgency when he asked Horowitz for the waiver.
But Genis said Horowitz delayed requesting the original on purpose.
“He's running the clock out,” he asserted.
“It's a pretty serious allegation,” responded Hill, who asked Horowitz if he was aware of the policy.
Horowitz, who has been practicing law in Santa Barbara County for less than a year, said he wasn't aware of SBPD's policy on destroying documents until August.
Hill reminded Genis, a longtime local DUI attorney, that Genis himself had admitted he wasn't aware of the policy, and that someone at the District Attorney's Office might not know either.
The second issue that arose Friday was whether Beutel was using a preprinted form when Lance was pulled over by police in January. Jim Blanco, a handwriting expert brought in by Genis, said his analysis determined that Beutel was using preprinted forms, but the prosecution maintains she stopped using the forms in 2010.
The prosecution brought Sandra Homewood, a forensic document examiner from San Marcos, to the stand. Unlike Blanco, Homewood said it wasn't possible to distinguish between toner and ink on a photocopy, which would be a tell-tale sign that Beutel was filling out the forms ahead of time.
Homewood testified she had reviewed 40 DUI reports taken by Beutel, both before and after Lance's incident. She said she found no evidence to support the allegation that Lance's DUI report was prepared from a master copy, which she said supports Beutel's claims that she stopped filling out forms that way earlier.
Before Genis could finish his cross-examination of Homewood, Hill adjourned the hearing for the day.
Lance's case will be back in court at 8:30 a.m. Monday, and Beutel is expected to take the stand.
— Noozhawk staff writer Lara Cooper can be reached at .(JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address) . Follow Noozhawk on Twitter: @noozhawk, @NoozhawkNews and @NoozhawkBiz. Connect with Noozhawk on Facebook.
BRIEF-Cryosite says Mark Byrne has been appointed interim CEO
* Agreed with Andrew Shine (CEO), that his notice period will now be effective 30th June 2017 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
PARIS, March 31 French food group Danone said on Friday it had decided to sell its U.S. subsidiary Stonyfield to facilitate the rapid closing of its acquisition of U.S. organic food producer WhiteWave foods Co .
Danone said in a statement the decision to sell Stonyfield, which had a 2016 turnover of around $370 million, stemmed from an agreement in principle it had reached with the anti-trust department of the U.S. Department of Justice.
The WhiteWave acquisition is expected to close "promptly" Danone said, reiterating all its value-creating targets expected from the WhiteWave acquisition.
(Reporting by Dominique Vidalon; Editing by GV De Clercq)
A big-game hunter from Argentina died Saturday when he was trampled by an elephant he was preparing to shoot. AP file photo
Police say two people in the UK appear to have been poisoned with the same deadly chemical used against a former Russian spy and his daughter earlier this year.
Neil Basu of Metropolitan Police said there had been a "significant development" to the situation.
British counterterrorism police were investigating this morning after two people were left in critical condition, exposed to an unknown substance a few miles from where a former Russian spy and his daughter were poisoned with a nerve agent.
The Wiltshire Police force declared a "major incident" after a man and a woman in their 40s were hospitalised.
"Due to concerns of the symptoms both the man and the woman were displaying", samples from both patients were sent for analysis, he said.
British police officers stand outside the front door of a residential property in Amesbury, England. Source: Associated Press
"We can confirm the man and woman have been exposed to the nerve agent novichok which has been identified as the same nerve agent that contaminated both Sergei and Yulia Skripal."
Novichok was reportedly used in the recent attack of the former Russan spy and his daughter.
Mr Basu said both the recent patients are still in a critical condition.
"Both are British nationals and are local to the area."
About 100 counterterrorism officers are working on the incident.
It was initially thought the couple in Wiltshire had taken a bad batch of drugs.
ASIS Boats will be present at the upcoming International Defence Exhibition in Abu Dhabi.
ASIS Boats at IDEX 2017
Contact
Minnie Magtibay
+971 4 880 4441
***@asisboats.com Minnie Magtibay+971 4 880 4441
End
-- IDEX is the only international defense exhibition and conference in the MENA region demonstrating the latest technology across land, sea and air sectors of defense. Taking place from 19 - 23 February at the Abu Dhabi National Exhibition Centre, the event attracts international defence and maritime security companies from across the globe."ASIS Boats works with naval defence and maritime security forces around the world, and IDEX offers us an excellent opportunity to meet all our military and professional customers under one roof. We are able to showcase our latest innovations on an international platform." saidWith more than 10 years delivering the most effective and innovative solutions for naval and military forces around the world, ASIS Boats understand the challenges and needs of the sector.ASIS Boats will be exhibiting at. Moreover, a 12 meter military ASIS RIB Boat with foam tube, powered by twin 200 Hp 4 Stroke Diesel Outboard Engines will be available for live on-water demonstrations for visitors from the dock edge grandstand adjacent to NAVDEX.As a manufacturer and supplier of military, government, security, coastguard and industry marine craft around the world, ASIS Boats are unparalleled in their speed, manoeuvrability, reliability, seaworthiness, safety and stability in the most adverse conditions, in all climates and at the highest speeds. One of the few manufacturers in the world to gain US Coastguard Sub-Chapter T approval, ASIS Boats has both European CE approval, and US-certification from NMMA, SOLAS and ABYC bodies.
Viking Line Abp INSIDE INFORMATION 1.2.2018, 9.00 AM
Viking Line has decided not to exercise its option on another vessel.
Viking Line Abp has decided not to exercise the option to construct another vessel included in
its shipbuilding contract with Xiamen Shipbuilding Industry Co., Ltd. The option has expired.
Viking Line Abp
Jan Hanses
President and CEO
Read source: http://globenewswire.com/news-release/2018/02/01/1329763/0/en/Viking-Line-has-decided-not-to-exercise-its-option-on-another-vessel.html?f=22&fvtc=5&fvtv=32646003
IN THE BUDGET: Ratepayers will receive two free waste vouchers, to be utilised at times of their own choosing to dispose of refuse at regional facilities.
"GROWTH and momentum” remain the key words for Bundaberg Regional Council according to Mayor Jack Dempsey, who delivered another record-setting budget today.
"This budget incorporates expenditure, both capital and recurrent, of $250.6 million. Council will end the 2017/2018 financial year with net assets worth $1.884 billion and a potential debt situation of $86 million after proposing borrowing of $33 million to fund initiatives in this budget,” he said.
Cr Dempsey said the council budget contained the lowest average urban residential general and utility rates rise since amalgamation in 2008, with the council restricting the increase to 3.45%.
"While it is satisfying to minimise the impact on ratepayers, the task for council is to continue to drive regional growth and maintain the economic momentum established over the past 12 months.
"Again we have hit a record figure with a capital works program topping the $130 million mark. Our capital works program is the engine room of the region, with these funds of paramount importance in providing work for our 800-plus staff, local contractors and tradies and local businesses who supply to council projects.
"Residents can again expect a focus on roads and drainage, with $30 million set aside to progress works in these areas. Legacy drainage issue have been a focus of increased council funding and we are steadily working through a backlog of these issues.”
Cr Dempsey said the council was getting on the front foot to address sewerage issues and a budget allocation of $32 million would provide for further funding of the Rubyanna project and upgrades to existing plants at Childers, Gin Gin and Woodgate as well as options for dry sewer at Innes Park.
"Works scheduled under our Major Projects banner include the completion of Stage 2 of the Bundaberg Multiplex and an initial investment of $8 million to revitalise the Bundaberg CBD.
"Residents at Burnett Heads can also look forward to a $6.9 million funding of the Streetscape project in tandem with a significant sewerage upgrade. Council recognises that the growth of the Port area, State Development Area and the Mon Repos Turtle attraction will provide a future positive economic impact for the region.
"Parks, pathways and recreation areas remain high on council's list of community priorities and $7.2 million has been allocated to continue the investment in these areas. The Botanic Gardens will be the location of a new adventure-style playground that has a budget of half a million dollars.
"Other play and leisure areas for the district's youth will be constructed across the region, with council also funding a staged program of shade sails across new and existing parks to promote a sun safe message.”
Cr Dempsey said the council continued to maintain a focus on the delivery of its core services and expansion was planned for waste and recycling collection routes across the region. Ratepayers would also receive two free waste vouchers, to be utilised at times of their own choosing to dispose of refuse at regional facilities.
"Council has now waived the previous $5 fee for the disposal of computers, televisions and monitors. That e-waste can now be disposed of free of charge.
"It is worth noting that the potential cost to council in lost revenue through introduction of the free vouchers is $1.3 million.”
Reuters Sports Schedule at 0001 on Thursday, June 15
We will bring all the latest transfer news from around Europe as teams begin improving their squads for next season. (SOCCER-COUNTRY-TEAM/ expect throughout)
When going for a Wrist Digital Blood Pressure Monitor, one should check accuracy, cuff size, clinically validation and go for a trusted brand only.
Blood pressure monitors are the basic medical equipment, used to measure blood pressure. It consists an inflatable cuff and mercury or mechanical manometer to measure BP. However, with advancement of technology, such medical devices have also been digitised making it facile and precise way to keep track of blood pressure. Such devices are user-friendly, enabling even the laymen to easily check BP readings. Wrist Digital Blood Pressure Monitor is the advanced version of BP monitors and have got overwhelming response from the users. This device more of looks like a smartwatch, needed to be wear an inch below the wrist and just with push of a button, its cuff automatically inflates and the BP readings will be displayed on the given screen mounted on the device. Although Wrist Digital Blood Pressure Monitor
is loaded with number of advantages but one should be heedful when buying such device. Below are few factors helping you to choose the right Wrist Digital BP Monitor:-
• Accuracy: Before making the purchase, one should consult the doctor and also study the reviews of the device, this will help to understand the efficacy and accuracy, also one must cross-check the readings with BP operator in their doctor's clinic.
• Cuff Size: Different cuff sizes available in market, it's important to get the apt cuff size to achieve accuracy in readings.
• Clinically Validated: There are different organisations keeping a check on quality of different devices, FDA (Food And Drug Administration) is one of the prominent institute of the USA ensuring the quality of products in food and drug.
• Trusted And Experienced Brand: You should certainly go for a renowned brand having experience of several years. Such BP monitor needs auto calibration in every two years, done by the company itself.
Santamedical is one of the pioneer brand of health care segment having expertise of several years, it's Wrist Digital Blood Pressure Monitor is preferred by many elite hospitals and clinics of the USA. To know more about the device simply visit the given link: ps://www.amazon.com/Santamedical-Wrist-Digital-pressure-Monitor/dp/B00ACBKPJ8
Many semiconductors are made from toxic or very expensive materials. The issue of toxicity is particularly troublesome for semiconductors in the many solar cells that used lead-containing perovskites.
Looking to address these issues, researchers from Iowa State University have developed a semiconductor material made from sodium, bismuth, and sulfur – all of which are inexpensive and non-toxic.
Image credit: aPhoenixPhotographer/Shutterstock
According to a report in the Journal of the American Chemical Society, the Iowa team's semiconductor material is ideal for solar cells, and unlike similar, conventional materials used to make solar cells, they are stable when exposed to air and water.
The study team said their work was inspired by a conference presentation from Massachusetts Institute of Technology researchers that indicated there might be viable alternatives for perovskites in semiconductors. Using grant monies of nearly $790,000 from the National Science Foundation, the Iowa team took 18 months to develop their cutting-edge perovskite replacement made from sodium, bismuth, and sulfur.
The study team noted that sodium is abundant, bismuth is a by-product of mining operations and sulfur is the fifth-most common element on the planet.
“Our synthesis unlocks a new class of low-cost and environmentally friendly ternary (three-part) semiconductors that show properties of interest for applications in energy conversion,” the researchers wrote in their report.
In addition to creating a promising material, the study team also developed an easy, low-temperature fabrication process that allows for the tuning of the material's properties. For instance, by adjusting precursors or reaction temperature, the size of the material's nanocrystals, and therefore its properties, can be adjusted.
The researchers said their novel material looks promising for use in solar cells and one member of the study team, Iowa State graduate student Bryan Rosales, said he is currently working on integrating the material into solar cells.
“We believe the experimental and computational results reported here,” the study team wrote in their report, “will help advance the fundamental study and exploration of these and similar materials for energy conversion devices.”
News of the new semiconductor material comes after Canadian researchers announced they had developed a way to mass produce an emerging class of fast, cheap semiconductors. The Canadian report described a technique to concurrently manage the orientation and pick the size of single-walled carbon nanotubes to be placed on a surface. The new technique gives semiconductor producers the opportunity to use carbon rather than silicon, potentially shrinking the size and boosting the speed of devices while enhancing their battery life.
"We're reaching the limits of what's physically possible with silicon-based devices," said study author Derek Schipper, an organic materials researcher at the University of Waterloo. "Not only would single-walled carbon nanotube-based electronics be more powerful, but they would also consume less power."
Dubbed the Alignment Relay Technique, the new production method depends on liquid crystals to transfer orientation information to a layer of metal oxide. After the information has been passed, small molecules known as iptycenes are then attached to the surface securing an orientation pattern into place. The structure of iptycenes includes a pocket big enough to house a specific size carbon nanotube. In the new process, the nanotubes remain after iptycenes are washed away.
This is the first time chemists have been able to externally control the orientation of small molecules covalently bonded to a surface. We're not the first ones to come up with potential solutions to work with carbon nanotubes. But this is the only one that tackles both orientation and purity challenges at the same time. Derek Schipper, Professor of Chemistry & member of the Waterloo Institute for Nanotechnology
Disclaimer: The views expressed here are those of the author expressed in their private capacity and do not necessarily represent the views of AZoM.com Limited T/A AZoNetwork the owner and operator of this website. This disclaimer forms part of the Terms and conditions of use of this website.
Goldman-backed startup Circle launches no-fee foreign payments service
PARIS/NEW YORK, June 15 Blockchain-based payments startup Circle Internet Financial on Thursday launched an international online money transfer service that allows people in the United States and Europe to send money to each other instantly and at no cost as it seeks to tear down borders in the payments world.
Photo: Anthony Behar / Sipa / USA Today
By Scott T. Sterling
Jeezy is set to warm up the winter with the 2018 Cold Summer Tour.
Related: Jeezy and Puffy Daddy Rule Miami in ‘Bottles Up' Video
The 6-week, 31-city U.S. tour with special guest Tee Grizzley launches in Anaheim, CA on February 7 at the House of Blues.
The Cold Summer Tour exclusive 48-hour ticket pre-sale at Jeezy's website base will take place Tuesday, December 12 -Thursday, December 14th and are available here.
The tour will be in support of the rapper's new album, Pressure, which is due to debut on Dec. 15.
See the full itinerary below.
2/7 – Anaheim, CA @ House of Blues Anaheim
2/8 – Las Vegas, NV @ House of Blues Las Vegas
2/9 – Los Angeles, CA @ Belasco Theatre
2/11 – Sacramento, CA @ Ace of Spades
2/15 – Denver, CO @ Summit Music Hall
2/16 – Kansas City, MO @ Uptown Theater
2/18 – Minneapolis, MN @ Music Hall of Minneapolis
2/21 – Chicago, IL @ House of Blues Chicago
2/22 – Milwaukee, WI @ The Rave
2/23 – Indianapolis, IN @ Egyptian Room at Old National Centre
2/24 – Detroit, MI @ The Fillmore Detroit
2/25 – Grand Rapids, MI @ 20 Monroe Live
2/26 – Cleveland, OH @ House of Blues Cleveland
2/28 – Boston, MA @ House of Blues Boston
3/1 – Providence, RI @ The Strand
3/2 – New York, NY @ Playstation Theater
3/3 – Philadelphia, PA @ The Fillmore Philadelphia
3/4 – Washington DC @ The Fillmore Silver Spring
3/6 – Norfolk, VA @ The NorVa
3/7 – Raleigh, NC @ The Ritz
3/8 – Myrtle Beach, SC @ House of Blues Myrtle Beach
3/9 – Nashville, TN @ War Memorial Auditorium
3/10 – Atlanta, GA @ Tabernacle
3/11 – Charlotte, NC @ The Fillmore Charlotte
3/15 – Shreveport, LA @ Shreveport Municipal Memorial Auditorium
3/16 – Memphis, TN @ Minglewood Hall
3/17 – New Orleans, LA @ House of Blues New Orleans
3/20 – Dallas, TX @ House of Blues Dallas
3/21 – San Antonio, TX @ Aztec Theatre
3/22 – Houston, TX @ House of Blues Houston
3/23 – Tulsa, OK @ Cain's Ballroom
Never miss a tour date from Jeezy with Eventful.
TOKYO Japan's government laid out a plan on Tuesday that improves pay for contract employees but takes a soft-touch approach to reigning in the country's notoriously long working hours.
The plan is a crucial part of Prime Minister Shinzo Abe's labor reforms, which he has touted as a way to narrow the wealth gap and make it easier for more women, elderly, and the young to join the workforce.
Raising pay should be a welcome boost to consumption, but reducing working hours could prove more difficult, because Japan is already short of workers in several industries.
"I support anything that will increase wages for low-income earners, because they have a higher propensity to spend," said Hiroaki Muto, economist at Tokai Tokyo Research Center.
"The overtime policy is a compromise, because the government was worried about making sudden changes that would shock the economy."
Through regulatory changes from the 2000s, Japan has developed a two-track labor system. Companies can often hire non-regular or contract employees who earn less pay and benefits but do the same work as better-payed regular employees.
The government said on Tuesday it will start preparing laws that will eventually eliminate the pay gap between regular and non-regular employees doing the same work. The government plans to submit the necessary bills from next fiscal, which starts in April.
The government said it will take the additional step of shouldering the costs for workers to settle claims of unfair pay out of court.
The number of contract workers has risen to around 37 percent of the workforce, but economists say this ratio could start to come down now that the government is taking a tougher stance on contract workers' pay.
Abe's plan will also limit overtime to up to 100 hours a month temporarily when work is at its busiest. Currently there are no limits on overtime.
However, lawyers and activists have said this does not go far enough, because the government's standard criteria for death by overwork, known as "karoshi," is working 80 hours in overtime a month.
Further watering down the measures, Abe's plan would exempt workers in construction and logistics from the overtime limits for the next five years. Both industries have been suffering from a shortage of workers.
Some economists, however, say Abe's cautious approach to labor market reform may make some sense, because curbing overtime too much could hurt companies and workers.
"I don't think Abe's reforms are headed in such a bad direction," said Hiromu Uezato, economist at Mizuho Research Institute.
"If you cut back on overtime too much, this could actually lead to lower pay for workers, which would be harmful."
(Reporting by Stanley White; Editing by Kim Coghill)
By John Lee.
The Financial Action Task Force (FATF) has congratulated Iraq for the significant progress made in addressing the strategic deficiencies in the areas of anti money laundering (AML) and countering the financing of terrorism (CFT) identified earlier by the FATF and included in its action plan.
Iraq will no longer be subject to the FATF's monitoring under its on-going global AML/CFT compliance process, and will work with their FATF-Style Regional Bodies MENAFATF (Iraq) as it continues to further strengthen its AML/CFT regime.
(Source: FATF)
UPDATE 1-Synthetic crude rises on extended Syncrude oil sands cuts
CALGARY, Alberta, June 14 The price of oil sands synthetic crude strengthened on Wednesday after the majority owner in the Syncrude oil sands project in northern Alberta said maintenance on the facility had been extended.
FILE PHOTO: A woman walks next to a McDonald's restaurant and a Starbucks coffee store at a shopping mall in Shanghai, China July 28, 2014.
SHANGHAI (Reuters) - Trade tensions between Washington and Beijing may be running high but Corporate America is finding China to be a reliable source of profit growth this year.
Whether they sell construction equipment, semiconductors or coffee, many major U.S. companies have reported stronger second-quarter earnings and revenue from their Chinese operations in recent weeks.
They are benefiting from a Chinese economy that is growing at almost 7 percent, several times the rate of U.S. expansion, a Chinese housing boom, and a slide in the U.S. dollar, which makes American exports more competitive and increases dollar earnings once they are translated from foreign currencies.
Chinese President Xi Jinping's ambitious plan to build a new Silk Road that will improve links between China and dozens of countries in Asia and Europe, and includes many billions of dollars of new roads, bridges, railways and power plants – is also helping American firms to sell heavy equipment and other products.
Caterpillar Inc (CAT.N), a bellwether for industrial demand in China and beyond, reported its sales in Asia-Pacific rose 25 percent in the second quarter - thanks to China. Shipments of large excavators to Chinese customers more than doubled in the first half of the year.
"We now expect demand in China to remain strong through the rest of the year," Brad Halverson, Caterpillar's group president and chief financial officer, told investors.
Caterpillar's Japanese rivals Komatsu (6301.T) and Hitachi Construction Machinery Co (6305.T) reported similar strength in demand for heavy machinery. Komatsu's China sales almost doubled in the firm's April-June quarter. “China's grown pretty well relative to the U.S. over this period and the currency's relationship has changed in favour of the U.S. companies,” said Jim Paulsen, chief investment strategist at the Leuthold Group in Minneapolis.
DISCRIMINATION CLAIMS
Chinese companies are also benefiting from the robust domestic economy. For example, Chinese auto manufacturer Geely Automobile Holdings (0175.HK) announcing last week that its July sales climbed 89 percent from the year-earlier-month. Geely and many other major Chinese companies report their results in the next few weeks.
American companies in China have been collectively reporting better prospects even as they complain that the Chinese authorities are not allowing them enough access to parts of the Chinese market and discriminating against them as they seek to compete against Chinese rivals.
U.S. President Donald Trump's administration has been considering punitive tariffs against a range of Chinese goods but it has held off on taking action after Beijing backed tougher United Nations Security Council sanctions against North Korea earlier this month.
However, senior U.S. officials said over the weekend that Trump on Monday will order his top trade adviser to determine whether to investigate Chinese trade practices that force U.S. firms operating in China to turn over intellectual property. The move could eventually lead to steep tariffs on Chinese goods.
And despite some negatives in the Sino-U.S. relationship, a July report by the American Chamber of Commerce in Shanghai showed that 82 percent of U.S. companies in China expect revenues to increase this year, up from 76 percent a year ago.
“In general China is still a growth market for lots of US goods and services... the Chinese consumer is driving more and more the growth in China itself - that's a very positive shift in compositional growth for a lot of U.S. companies that do provide goods and services for consumers, as opposed to building skyscrapers,” said Joe Quinlan, head of thematic investing at Bank of America, U.S. Trust.
FILE PHOTO: A Caterpillar excavator is displayed at the China Coal and Mining Expo 2013 in Beijing, China October 22, 2013. Kim Kyung-Hoon/File Photo
In the chip industry, Skywork Solutions
Aug 11, 2017; Charlotte, NC, USA; Jason Day and Dustin Johnson walk to their balls on the 14th hole during the second round of the 2017 PGA Championship at Quail Hollow Club. Mandatory Credit: Rob Schumacher-USA TODAY Sports
CHARLOTTE, North Carolina (Reuters) - For Jason Day, the scene at the 18th was a flashback to his youth, and the boyish hug he gave Dustin Johnson as they hurried down the fairway was pure joy over sneaking in a last hole as darkness fell.
Day, Johnson and playing partner Henrik Stenson hurried through just after the horn sounded to suspend play for the day due to failing light in the weather-interrupted second round.
Johnson hustled into position at the 18th tee to hit a tee shot for the group, which allowed them to complete the hole and avoid having to return early on Saturday to finish.
Day threw his arm around the neck of world number one Johnson and laughed in glee as they rushed down the fairway.
"On 17 I was off the green. And we were walking up, and we were talking about like if we can get a tee shot on 18 we could finish the round. And DJ is like, 'I'll do it.'
Aug 11, 2017; Charlotte, NC, USA; Jason Day tees off on the 15th hole during the second round of the 2017 PGA Championship at Quail Hollow Club. Mandatory Credit: Rob Schumacher-USA TODAY Sports
"As soon as he teed off we all kind of flushed it down 18," said Day, who ran down the fairway to save time. "And I just walked up to him and said, 'That's the biggest, or most clutch thing I've ever seen anyone do for me'.
"I had to give him a hug for it. He was happy, as well. Obviously to be able to finish and not have to wake up at 5:30 (A.M.) tomorrow, get some rest."
Added Day: "I do remember finishing in the dark a lot when I was a kid, not thinking that I was going to be running down the 18th hole at a major championship."
At the ninth hole, Rod Pampling took a similar course of action but with a different result. The Australian raced to the tee and took a wild swipe at the ball, slashing it left into trees in order to beat the horn.
Pampling was not that upset, however, as he had no chance of making the cut. He finished on 14-over-par, the same score as playing partner Thomas Pieters, while Xander Schauffele, the other member of the group, was one shot better on 13-over.
All three players finished with a double bogey on the hole.
Images: Readers share their stunning photos of the Port Hills fire
1 Newsreaders have sent in some incredible photos of the fire, which can be seen from almost every part of Christchurch.
MANCHESTER, England, Aug 13 (Reuters) - The opening weekend of the Premier League season ended with an emphatic win as Manchester United beat West Ham United 4-0 at Old Trafford on Sunday but manager Jose Mourinho was wary of fuelling talk of his team as title contenders.
With new striker Romelu Lukaku scoring twice and another close-season signing, midfielder Nemanja Matic, making a dominating debut, the win appeared to give credence to United's placing with many bookmakers as second favourites, behind neighbours Manchester City.
Mourinho played it all down, however, saying: "Last season we were also top of the league in the first match and we finished sixth so this means nothing.
"It just means we played well and confidence levels will be high and now our challenge is to keep these confidence levels," added the former Chelsea and Real Madrid boss, who is starting his second season at Old Trafford.
"We finished the season winning the Europa League and qualifying for the Champions League. We start the second season with a very good performance at home. We had many players on the pitch with a very good game. The fans have reasons to be optimistic.
"But for me, with years and years of experience in the Premier League, my feet are on the ground and I am calm," he said.
United have not been in title contention since the retirement of Alex Ferguson with the Premier League trophy in his hands in 2013.
There have, though, been false dawns.
In Mourinho's first game last season, they won 3-1 at Bournemouth, prompting instant talk of a new era after the disappointing Louis van Gaal reign but consistency did not follow and United finished sixth.
Four years ago, in David Moyes's first match in charge, they won 4-1 at Swansea but their manager did not survive the season as United ended seventh.
Mourinho's attitude is therefore wise and with 37 games of the season to come -- along with a Champions League campaign -- he knows there will be moments of doubt and questioning.
Still, there is an air of optimism around Old Trafford and not without reason.
"Many times last season we deserved to win and didn't so the fact we won the match was the most important thing," he said, referring to the 10 home draws last term.
"But I think the performance based on the confidence levels was really high. I am not going to say the performance was perfect because it was not. We made our mistakes and have room for improvement but it was a solid performance.
"I liked the attitude in the second half to try and score more goals. After 2-0 we had a period of relaxation and they created a couple of situations in the box but again (we showed) good confidence levels and desire to play until the end," he said.
Perhaps conscious of criticism of his tactical approach as negative, Mourinho could not resist noting the way his team had finished the game with two late goals.
"The reality is that in the last part of the game, instead of being boring and controlling the game, we scored a third goal and we could enjoy it." (Editing by Clare Fallon)
Your news how you want it.
On the go and no time to finish that story right now? Your News is the place for you to save content to read later from any device. Register with us and content you save will appear here so you can access them to read later.
Sampling at Cascade Brewing. Image: Stuart Mullenberg
Zwickelmania
Bus, walk, bike, hop or crawl your way around the many Portland breweries participating in the ninth annual Zwickelmania. Each brewery offers something different—beer tastings, brewery tours, meet-the-brewer—but flowing taps and hop fanatics will be constants. Plus, the brew tour doesn't stop in Portland. Central Oregon, Eastern Oregon, Mt. Hood and the Gorge, Southern Oregon and Willamette Valley breweries extend the tour trail on February 25.
Where: More than 50 participating Portland breweries. Find the full list here.
When: 11 a.m.–4 p.m. Sat, Feb 18
How Much: Free
“Not My President's Day” Indoor Block Party and Fundraiser
Fight for women's rights by indulging in some delicious food and drinks from 12 of Portland's best—Sam Smith of Tusk, Greg and Gabi Denton of Ox, and Top Chef finalist Doug Adams of Bullard, to name just a few. Join fellow nasty women (and men) at Monday's block party, where 100 percent of proceeds will go to Planned Parenthood Columbia Willamette.
Where: First floor of the Water Avenue Commerce Center (1028 SE Water Ave)
When: 8:30–11:30 p.m. Mon, Feb 20
How Much: $40 donation for ticket. Tickets here.
Bureau of Pizza Investigation Dinner and Q&A
Pizza lovers can put their topping discernment skills to good use at this “Pizza Investigation.” Handsome Pizza, Red Sauce Pizza and Scottie's Pizza Parlor bring their best slices for "pizzanalysis," followed by a Q&A diving deep into dough styles, baking techniques, and other nerdery. A ticket gets you dinner with a light appetizer, dessert, and a pizza journal.
Where: Handsome Pizza & Seastar Bakery (1603 NE Killingsworth St)
When: 6 p.m. Tue, Feb 21
How Much: $45 tickets, which can be purchased here (seating limited to 45 guests).
European Theme Dinners at Café Castagna
Café Castagna's February installment of a three-month dinner series (the first was in January and the last will be in April) heads to the Alsace region of France. Executive chef Justin Woodward (now helming both Castagna and Café Castagna) offers a prix fixe menu centered on choucroute garnie, packed full of housemade sausage, sauerkraut, and cured meats. Prepare to get cozy with communal seating.
Where: 1752 SE Hawthorne Blvd.
When: 6:30 p.m. Tue–Sun, Feb 21–26
How Much: $40 for three courses; $15 optional wine pairing. More info here.
Cascade Brewing Super Fruit Fest
Crazy Navel, Cherry Bourbonic and Kentucky Peach may sound like apt names for famous racehorses (or strains of weed). Instead, they're three of Cascade Brewing's exclusive and pucker-worthy sour fruit beers—on tap during the sixth annual Super Fruit Fest. The five-day fest features more than 50 sour fruit beers at Portland and Beaverton locations, with food pairings and vintage bottles for sale at the Portland barrel house.
Where: Cascade Brewing Barrel House (939 SE Belmont St); Raccoon Lodge and Brewpub (7424 SW Beaverton Hillsdale Hwy)
When: Noon–11 p.m. Wed–Sun, Feb 22–26
How Much: Free admission, beer sampling costs vary. More info here.
Global Grind
The Internet is growing up, and sometimes that means saying goodbye to old friends.
AIM, AOL's long-running instant messenger service, will officially be shutting down on December 15, according to it's parent company AOL. The messaging service launched in 1997 and changed the way young adults communicated forever.
These days we share our embarrassing screen names and random thoughts on platforms like Twitter. Ironically, former AIM users took to the Twitter to say their last goodbyes to the OG of communication platforms — and it was nothing short of hilarious:
RIP AIM
AOL Instant Messenger We go way back. You were there with me in the beginning of my internet days. You'll never be forgotten. pic.twitter.com/lVvj5VLUS0 — Josh 🎃 (@JoshxHolder) October 6, 2017
AOL Instant Messenger (AIM) is officially shutting down for good on December 15.
Old people: It's the end of an era!
Today's kids: pic.twitter.com/P2BRaUuOuv — Adam MS (@Muh_Sadam) October 6, 2017
If she doesn't know what this is, she's too young for you bro. #RIPAIM pic.twitter.com/oZq6UXjRfL — Devin Walker (@Devin_Walker5) October 6, 2017
RIP AOL Instant Messenger. From screen names to away messages…. You guided us all pic.twitter.com/tX9eLNqyTQ — Lance Mijares (@KING_PRUVN) October 6, 2017
https://twitter.com/Nicktheegr8/status/916366548843016192
Damn I received my first nudes on AIM. #RIPAIM — Uncle Willie Son (@HennyGawd) October 6, 2017
If you were a product of the 90s you know #AIM was the origin of petty screenshots and print outs. Made me a better human #RIPAIM — Chantrese (@JustTresey) October 6, 2017
We all lost a childhood friend today… #RIPAIM — RAMON BARAJAS (@RawwMon_dAw) October 6, 2017
It's definitely the end of an era. RIP AIM.
via GIPHY
The Yaris will be available with a petrol engine only unlike its competition
The Toyota Yaris is set to launch in India by April end. Bookings of the sedan have already started and the deliveries are likely to begin from May 2018. Toyota's mid-size sedan when launched will rival likes of the Honda City, Hyundai Verna, Maruti Suzuki Ciaz, Skoda Rapid and Volkswagen Vento.
If you have already made your mind about the Yaris, hurry up and book, else, read on and find out how it fares against its rivals on paper, we have got the answer
Dimensions:
Toyota Yaris*
Hyundai Verna
Honda City
Maruti Suzuki Ciaz
Volkswagen Vento
Skoda Rapid
Length
4425mm
4440mm
4440mm
4490mm
4390mm
4413mm
Width
1730mm
1695mm
1729mm
1730mm
1699mm
1699mm
Height
1475mm
1495mm
1475mm
1485mm
1467mm
1466mm
Wheelbase
2550mm
2600mm
2600mm
2650mm
2553mm
2552mm
*Singapore-spec Yaris used for reference. We expect no major changes in dimensions of the India-spec Yaris
The Toyota Yaris won't set any new standards when it comes to exterior dimensions. It's neither expected to be the longest nor the tallest car in its segment, but will be at par with the widest car in the segment, the Ciaz.That said, it might have the shortest wheelbase amongst competition. While that might result in the least legroom inside the cabin, we'll save the judgement until we test it.
We saw the India-spec Yaris first at the Auto Expo 2018, and here's what we feel about its looks and design.
Engine:
Petrol
Toyota Yaris
Hyundai Verna
Honda City
Maruti Suzuki Ciaz
Volkswagen Vento
Skoda Rapid
Engine
1.5-litre
1.6/1.4-litre
1.5-litre
1.4-litre
1.6/1.2-litre
1.6-litre
Power
108PS
123PS/100PS
119PS
92PS
105PS/105PS
105PS
Torque
140Nm
151Nm/132Nm
145Nm
130Nm
153Nm/175Nm
153Nm
Transmission
6-speed MT/CVT with paddle shifters
6-speed MT/ AT (only with 1.6-litre)
5-speed MT/ CVT with paddle shifters
5-speed MT/ 4-speed AT
5-speed MT/ 7-speed DSG
5-speed MT/ 6-speed Tiptronic
Toyota will offer the Yaris with a petrol engine only. It will be a 1.5-litre unit that is more powerful than that of the Ciaz, Rapid and the Vento. However, the Yaris will not be the most powerful car in its class as the Verna's 1.6-litre and the City's 1.5-litre petrol engines make significantly more power. The Vento is the only sedan in this comparison to feature a turbocharged petrol engine, although it's not the most powerful unit here.
Transmission duties on the Yaris will be handled by a 6-speed manual or a CVT with paddle shifters. Other cars in this comparison are also offered with both manual and automatic transmission options.
Both the Yaris and the City get CVT with paddle shifters, while the Verna, Ciaz and the Rapid are available with a torque converter unit. CVTs are more fuel efficient than torque converters, in general. The Honda City, equipped with a CVT, returns 18kmpl, which is more than its manual version by 0.6kmpl. Hence, we expect the Yaris to deliver manual-like fuel efficiency figures in its automatic avatar.
The Vento is the only petrol-powered automatic car in this segment that gets a dual-clutch automatic transmission. Its 7-speed DSG gearbox is mated to the 1.2L TSI engine. A dual-clutch transmission is widely regarded as more technologically advanced compared to CVTs and torque-converters. Having two clutches not only quickens the gear shifts but also makes the transition from one gear to another smoother. Related: Volkswagen Vento Gets A Sportier Variant To Compete With The Ciaz S
Features:
Even though the entire feature list isn't out yet, Toyota has revealed a few goodies the Yaris will get. The Yaris will pack some segment-first features like front parking sensors, power-adjustable front seats, 7 airbags, tyre pressure monitoring system and roof mounted rear AC vents.
All cars in this comparison get features like touchscreen infotainment system, climate control, rear parking sensors, and alloy wheels in the top variants. The Yaris will also follow suit as suggested by the VX variant showcased at the Auto Expo. The City and the Verna are currently equipped with 6 airbags in their top variants, but the Yaris will trump that by offering 7. Sunroof, a feature that might not be the most practical but is still sought-after in India, might not be on offer on the Yaris. So, the City and the Verna will continue to be the only cars in this segment to get a sunroof.
Prices (ex-showroom Delhi):
Toyota Yaris
Hyundai Verna
Honda City
Maruti Suzuki Ciaz
Volkswagen Vento
Skoda Rapid
Price Range
Rs 9 lakh to Rs 14 lakh (expected)
Rs 7.79 lakh to Rs 12.94 lakh
Rs 8.71 lakh to Rs 13.77 lakh
Rs 7.83 lakh and Rs 11.51 lakh
Rs 8.19 lakh to Rs 13.87 lakh
Rs 8.35 lakh to Rs 13.92 lakh
We expect Toyota to price the Yaris in the range of Rs 9 lakh to Rs 14 lakh. At that price, the Yaris might be the most expensive car of the lot but it is expected to pack a long list of features to justify the premium.
Also Read: Hyundai Verna vs Honda City: Comparison Review
Read More on : Maruti Ciaz diesel
This Story has not been edited by ABP News. It has been published through cardekho.com feed directly.
Manchester United benefited from a controversial red card and an equally debatable goal to beat 10-man West Ham 2-0 in the English Premier League today, earning a sixth successive victory.
Substitute Juan Mata gave United the lead before Zlatan Ibrahimovic secured victory from what clearly appeared to be an offside position, after referee Mike Dean had controversially dismissed Sofiane Feghouli in the opening stages.
Despite its man-advantage, United struggle to break down the home side for long spells and required a number of strong saves from goalkeeper David de Gea to keep West Ham out.
Feghouli, making his first Premier League start for West Ham, was sent off after just 15 minutes for a lunging challenge on Phil Jones, which replays showed to have been a harsh decision.
Manuel Lanzini brought two strong saves from the United keeper before the break, while Michail Antonio was denied by the Spaniard when through one-on-one on the hour mark.
But West Ham was made to pay just three minutes later with Mourinho's alterations proving crucial as Marcus Rashford beat two defenders before setting up fellow substitute, Mata, to finish from close range.
United wrapped up the victory when Ibrahimovic reacted first as the ball bounced off Ander Herrera to fire low and hard past Randolph from just inside the box, with replays showing the striker had been marginally offside.
United had failed to make inroads until the 35th, when West Ham goalkeeper Darren Randolph produced one of the saves of the season, before Jesse Lingard produced an equally spectacular miss.
Antonio Valencia was set up at the back post after good work from Ibrahmovic and Henrikh Mkhitaryan, but was foiled by the sprawling Randolph, who prevented the ball from crossing his line by the narrowest of margins.
The rebound fell to Lingard with the goal at his mercy, but he could only direct his effort onto the post from two yards (meters) out, with West Ham somehow escaping as the ball bounced into Randolph's hands.
March 31 IMF Bentham Ltd:
* Announces settlement of first family law case it has funded in Australia
* To generate revenue from case of about $4.175 mln and a profit after capitalised overheads but before tax of about $2.1 mln in FY ended 30 June Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
The Dengvaxia scandal has now festered for over half a year without approaching closure or resolution, even as various bodies have ventured to investigate it.
We trust that the announcement on Dengvaxia by the World Health Organization (WHO) last Thursday in Geneva, Switzerland, is a development that will bring us closer to resolution.
We trust also that this development will strengthen public confidence that justice will be done in this scandal.
Let's look first at what WHO said in Geneva, and what it means. This is what WHO and its experts said:
“We have now clear information the vaccine (Dengvaxia) needs to be dealt with in a much safer way by using it exclusively on people already infected with dengue before,” Alejano Crasviota, chair of WHO's Strategy Advisory Group of Experts (SAGE), told the media.
“It requires for the people to be tested through a system that is not currently available but that we feel will be developed in the next years.”
To this, Joachim Hombach of the SAGE group added: “For us, the primary consideration is to assure our recommendation makes public health sense in terms of ensuring the use of vaccine will maximize public health benefit and minimize risk.
“It is very important we signal ways in which this vaccine could be used.” He added that it was up to Sanofi to decide how to deal with this.
Homback defended WHO's initial recommendation that the vaccine could be used on children aged 9 and older in places that had previously been exposed to the virus, and were likely to benefit from the vaccine.
He said that the WHO pointed out a gap in data on the use of the vaccine on people who had never been exposed to the virus, and asked Sanofi to study the impact of the vaccine on children who had never been exposed to the virus.
It was the resulting study that impelled Sanofi to announce in November last year that Dengvaxia could increase the risk of severe dengue in the case of inoculated people who had not been previously exposed to the disease.
As the implications of the WHO announcement sank in, Sanofi rushed to issue a statement in defense of its vaccine. It declared: “We are confident in Dengvaxia's safety and its proven potential to reduce dengue disease in endemic countries.”
It repeated its standard defense of no deaths resulting from Dengvaxia.
We can comprehend this stubborn lawyerly statement from Sanofi.
We are not comfortable but appalled that some senators of our republic are also mouthing this line, in total disregard of the 65 deaths in the vaccination program, and the wide public alarm about Dengvaxia.
Some senators have assailed any possible indictment of former President Benigno Aquino 3rd and other officials of his administration for their responsibility in the Dengvaxia tragedy and violations of the anti-graft law.
Senate Minority Leader Franklin Drilon has led the way in defending Mr. Aquino. He declared that there was no intentional felony committed in the planning and implementation of the vaccination program, because Aquino did not act with malice in acquiring the Dengvaxia vaccine.
He said that the former leader relied only on the advice of Health officials and could not have known of the possible adverse effects of the shots on people with no history of the infection.
He declared that there is no conclusive proof to establish that Dengvaxia was the proximate cause of any of the deaths of the children in the vaccination program. He even went so far as to say that Dengvaxia was beneficial to more people, which not even Sanofi dared to claim.
Drilon's assertions stand in sharp contrast to WHO's explicit admonition against the use of Dengvaxia. Where WHO advises caution, Drilon pronounces absolution over Aquino, and even the manufacturer.
Senator Drilon has the unfortunate habit of volunteering his services as a lawyer in sensational cases. In the impeachment trial of former Chief Justice Renato Corona, he doubled as a prosecutor, even though he was one of the jurors in the trial.
Now, he appears to be lawyering for both ex-President Aquino and Sanofi.
But he forgets one important thing: he is a senator of the Republic, and as such he has among his constituents the victims and parents in this tragedy. And he is duty-bound to serve the public interest.
Another woman has been questioned by police investigating the deaths of 12 people at nine care homes in and around Horsham all run by the same company.
Police say that a 57-year-old woman from West Sussex attended a voluntary interview under caution for gross negligence manslaughter on Friday in connection with the investigation into deaths at the care homes run by Sussex Health Care.
The woman is the third to be questioned. A police spokesman said the investigation is continuing.
(The opinions expressed here are those of the author, a columnist for Reuters.)
* tmsnrt.rs/2p55b28
* tmsnrt.rs/2p8lD2x
By Andy Home
LONDON, May 3 "This is not a China-phobic program, this has to do with a global problem."
That was how U.S. Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross described the latest investigation into his country's aluminium imports.
This one has been launched under Section 232(b) of the Trade Expansion Act of 1962, which lets a president act against imports on national security grounds.
It follows hot on the heels of a similar Section 232 probe into U.S. imports of steel.
Although a Section 232 investigation is explicitly not supposed to be a substitute for trade complaints and despite Ross's assurances it's not about China, it's hard to see this latest manoeuvre as anything other than exactly that.
Namely, another turn of the screw on the Chinese authorities to do something about the country's overcapacity and its exports.
As such, it overlays the current specific investigation into imports of Chinese foil and intertwines with a broader generic complaint about alleged subsidies to the Chinese aluminium sector lodged by the Obama administration with the World Trade Organization (WTO).
How China responds to this mounting pressure is fast becoming the single most important question in the global aluminium supply chain.
U.S. Imports of Primary Aluminium - top 10 suppliers:
tmsnrt.rs/2p55b28
U.S. Imports of Plate, Sheet and Strip - top 10 suppliers:
tmsnrt.rs/2p8lD2x
ALL ABOUT IMPORTS...?
The specific concerns behind this Section 232 investigation relate to the shrinkage of the U.S. aluminium smelter sector and its ability to produce enough metal to cover defence needs.
The United States has only five operating smelters and only one, according to Ross, capable of producing sufficiently high-purity aluminium for use in items such as combat aircraft.
As plants have closed, the country's imports of primary aluminium have risen from 3.2 million tonnes in 2013 to 4.3 million tonnes last year.
The largest source of imported aluminium into the United States is Canada, unsurprising given its geographic proximity and a long shared aluminium history.
Russia and the United Arab Emirates have emerged as increasingly significant sources of primary metal as historically important suppliers in Latin America closed capacity.
China features very low on the list of U.S. primary imports, accounting for just 2,077 tonnes of last year's tally.
Indeed, it's questionable whether China has sufficient high-purity production capability to feed its own military needs.
If this were just about imports of primary aluminium, China would have nothing to worry about.
...OR ALL ABOUT CHINA?
Except it's not.
The steady decline in U.S. aluminium smelting is part of a broader retreat by just about every producing nation other than China, which has lifted its share of global aluminium production from around 25 percent a decade ago to in excess of 55 percent last year.
The transmission mechanism for Chinese oversupply to affect other producers comes in the form of exports - not of primary metal, but of semi-manufactured products.
Such exports have totalled more than 4 million tonnes in the last two years, serving in part to displace units from other producers.
The U.S. import picture looks very different, for example, when it comes to aluminium plate, sheet and strip. On this basis China has been by some margin the largest-volume supplier to the U.S. market in recent years.
Which is where this Section 232 investigation potentially dovetails with the WTO case.
The underlying question behind both is how China has expanded its control of the global aluminium supply chain at the expense of others, first and foremost the United States.
The charge in that WTO case is that it has done so through systemic subsidies of its aluminium sector.
PREPARING TO TALK?
China rejects all accusations of illegal subsidies.
But it has clearly been rattled by the latest developments, both in aluminium and steel.
Chinese Commerce Ministry spokesman Sun Jiwen said the country was seriously concerned about the new aluminium investigation.
The official China Daily newspaper reacted to the steel probe by warning against "unilateralism" and calling for the issue to be dealt with using the WTO dispute resolution process.
And in many ways, the accumulation of U.S. investigations into aluminium imports can best be seen as preparation for some tough future negotiations.
The Section 232 probe, in particular, injects a fast fuse into what would otherwise be a slow-burn affair at the WTO.
But what will China bring to any aluminium trade talks in its defence?
It would no doubt help China's negotiating position, if it could already demonstrate that it was trying to tackle overcapacity in its aluminium sector.
This has been its stance on steel overcapacity and it looks likely that something very similar is going to be tried in aluminium.
The market has been jolted by a succession of announcements by Beijing policymakers.
First came the promise to close aluminium (and steel) capacity around Beijing over the winter heating season that runs from November to March.
Then came the order to stop work on around 2 million tonnes of new aluminium smelter capacity in the northwestern province of Xinjiang.
Most recently has come another directive, requiring every smelter to submit to a detailed audit to prove it is fully compliant with all planning and operational regulations.
It seems highly probable that not all of the current operating capacity in China will pass that audit process.
How much will close and how much will be shuttered over the next winter heating season are probably the hottest topics in the aluminium market right now.
Even the threat of closures has turned the light metal's fortunes.
This time last year, aluminium was trading below $1,600 per tonne and widely forecast to fall further.
As of today, London aluminium is trading at $1,920 and widely expected to move higher.
The difference is "supply-side" reform of the aluminium sector in China.
Beijing has good domestic reasons, economic and environmental, to reform its domestic aluminium producers.
But make no mistake. The real urgency to tackle the sector's problems has just been injected by the United States.
(Editing by Dale Hudson)
Government considering independent animal commissioner after recent footage of mistreatment
The Green Party is also asking if CCTV surveillance on farms and slaughterhouses should be considered.
April 5 Mercantile Investment Company Ltd
* MHM shareholders are encouraged to accept offer as soon as possible
* Refers to unconditional offers under its takeover bid for all issued ordinary shares in MHM Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
AIRBnB: Seabreeze Sojourn's which is advertised on Airbnb, and lives in the house which is partly shared with guests
SEABREEZE Sojourn sounds like a place you want to escape to.
And owner of the Airbnb at Innes Park, Catherine, says it has helped her in more ways than one.
Here she tells her story.
Being an Airbnb host has been more delightful than I ever imagined.
It's meant meeting many lovely people, albeit briefly, and swapping snippets about our lives with people from all over Australia and the planet.
AIRBnB: Seabreeze Sojourn's which is advertised on Airbnb, and lives in the house which is partly shared with guests Emma Reid
Russian, French and German guests, for example, have all adored our indoor-outdoor lifestyle and climate.
I thought the B&B would have mostly couples booking, however having two bedrooms and two bathrooms often attracts travelling work colleagues as well as a variety of combinations of family or friends.
A seasoned traveller introduced Airbnb to me a few years ago when I was still thinking I needed to be a "proper” B&B that cooked breakfast for guests. I can cook, and I did, but it is less stressful and more convenient to offer self-cater accommodation, so that's why I listed with Airbnb and Stayz.
AIRBnB: Seabreeze Sojourn's which is advertised on Airbnb, and lives in the house which is partly shared with guests Emma Reid
Electronic locks, separate entry and separate kitchen make it convenient to cater for guests. Only two rooms are offered overnight because it is so much washing.
It's only hobby income but at least it is some income towards rates and repairs and hopefully will contribute to repainting the house one day. I took a long-term view of it as a type of "cottage industry investment” that gets some gradual return on my main investment (my house) and as a buffer in a high unemployment town. It cost an awful lot to build certified bathrooms, the kitchenette, get the electronic locks, the beds and linen - $35,000 was spent locally.
Why invest so much? I like my privacy, which might be an odd thing for someone who decides to share their place as a sojourn.
I didn't want to have my kitchen clean on a schedule ... and it's more relaxed for guests to have their own kitchen too.
I do have a basic Google website but decided not to have a Facebook page because I want a high level of privacy for myself and guests.
I have a couple of friends who offer Airbnb accommodation and none of us have had any disasters. There can be moments of quiet hilarity and of sweet serendipity. It possibly helps that I have gregarious hospitality in my genes and upbringing. It's curiously rewarding to hear guests laughing and enjoying themselves.
McDonald's (NYSE:MCD) is teaming up with startup giant Uber to provide a new home delivery service in Florida starting in January.
The new partnership between McDonald's and Uber will see nearly 200 restaurants across markets in Tampa, Orlando and Miami take part in the trial scheme. According to a spokeswoman for McDonald's, the company's intention is to roll the new delivery service out to as many as 25,000 restaurants across the globe by 2018.
It's worth noting that some McDonald's restaurants already do offer limited delivery services through other third-party delivery companies like Postmates and DoorDash. Some chains have been less happy to join the third-party delivery service revolution. Yet the iconic fast food company's new partnership with Uber is set to streamline delivery capabilities by leveraging the popularity of Uber's new UberEats app.
Although UberEats now serves 50 cities around the world and offers a fairly wide restaurant selection, McDonald's is by far the biggest name to hop on the bandwagon thus far. The app offers the opportunity for small restaurants from all over the country to sign on as partners in participating cities.
UberEats essentially enables users to type in their delivery address, enter payment details and browse restaurants and menus instantly. Through the app, customers can then choose to pick up their food in-restaurant or have their items delivered by an Uber driver. Just like the ordinary Uber app, UberEats users can then track their delivery's progress.
This is only the latest technological advancement McDonald's has taken on board in recent years.
In November, the company announced that it would be giving 50 more of its 14,000 American restaurants a 21st Century overhaul with self-service kiosk ordering, sleek smart menu boards and the capability to accept mobile payments.
Restaurants in San Francisco, Boston, Seattle and Chicago will all be making the changes at the start of 2017. McDonald's has yet to offer up any timeline as to how long it will take to roll out the tech updates nationwide.
AIG teams with IBM to use blockchain for 'smart' insurance policy
June 14 Insurer American International Group Inc has partnered with International Business Machines Corp to develop a "smart" insurance policy that uses blockchain to manage complex international coverage, the companies said on Wednesday.
* TSX up 72.68 points, or 0.47 percent, at 15,625.56
* Eight of TSX's 10 main groups move higher (Adds details, updates shares)
TORONTO, April 20 Canada's main stock index rose on Thursday after shares of Canadian Pacific Railway Ltd jumped on an upbeat earnings report and mining shares benefited from a gain in commodity prices.
Canadian Pacific was one of the most influential gainers on the index, adding 2.6 percent to C$207.26 after it reported higher-than-expected quarterly profit. It earned more from shipments of commodities such as grain and coal, and expressed optimism that demand was improving.
Its rival, Canadian National Railway Co, rose 1.7 percent to C$100.36.
The Toronto Stock Exchange's S&P/TSX composite index closed up 72.68 points, or 0.47 percent, at 15,625.56. Eight of the 10 main sectors on the index traded higher.
The materials sector, which includes mining stocks, added 0.6 percent. Barrick Gold Corp rose 1.5 percent to C$25.86, and Goldcorp climbed 1.1 percent to C$20.28.
The country's largest lender, Royal Bank of Canada, rose 0.5 percent to C$95.78, and Toronto-Dominion Bank added 0.3 percent to C$66.04.
But shares in Home Capital Group Inc slumped 20.7 percent to C$17.71 after staff at the Ontario Securities Commission said they would pursue claims that the alternative lender and three current or former executives had breached disclosure rules.
Celestica Inc declined 0.9 percent to C$19.13 after the electronics manufacturer reported quarterly earnings.
The energy group slipped 0.7 percent, reflecting weakness in U.S. crude oil prices. Suncor Energy gave back 0.2 percent to C$40.65. (Reporting by Alastair Sharp and John Tilak; Editing by Meredith Mazzilli and Bill Trott)
BRIEF-Italian bad loan manager doBank says filed for Milan bourse listing
* Shares to be offered in IPO will be sold by 97.81 percent shareholder Avio, which is indirectly controlled by Fortress Investment Group and Eurocastle Investment Limited Further company coverage: (Reporting by Milan Newsroom)
Player profiles: SIU second baseman runs ahead of the pack
Close Junior infielder Connor Kopach (7) celebrates after hitting a two-run home run Friday, March 24, 2017, alongside senior infielder Ryan Sabo (23) and senior infielder Will Farmer. The Jacksonville State Gamecocks went on to beat SIU 8-6 during the first of a three-game series at Itchy Jones Stadium. (Bill Lukitsch | @lukitsbill)
Junior infielder Connor Kopach (7) celebrates after hitting a two-run home run Friday, March 24, 2017, alongside senior infielder Ryan Sabo (23) and senior infielder Will Farmer. The Jacksonville State Gamecocks went on to beat SIU 8-6 during the first of a three-game series at Itchy Jones Stadium. (Bill Lukitsch | @lukitsbill)
Filed under Baseball, Sports
A chill, laid-back funny guy: This is how junior second baseman Connor Kopach defines himself off the field. On the field, he is one of the fastest baserunners in all Division I NCAA baseball, and one half of one of the best double-play duos in the league.
Baseball was one of many sports Kopach played while growing up Illinois. He credits his father for instilling a love for many sports early on in his life.
“Wrestling, football, volleyball, just about anything my dad tried to put me into I tried it out,” the Saluki keystone said. “He started me in everything I ever played”
Advertisement
Kopach also took part in gymnastics in his younger years.
“I sometimes do [gymnastics] out on the field right before the game because all the guys want me to do it,” Kopach said. “But when we started losing they said ‘You gotta stop all that'.”
Kopach continued to play multiple sports in high school. But his father stressed the need to keep his grades up to ensure the young athlete continue his education and sports career in college.
While he managed to keep his grades above average, Kopach struggled with a low batting average his first two years in high school.
“Freshman and sophomore year were bad years for me hitting-wise,” He said. “My fielding is what made me, but if I could have hit my sophomore year I could have made varsity.”
The young hitter decided to seek help with his approach at the plate after his sophomore year in high school from Steve Hayward, a hitting instructor at Strikes! Baseball Academy. Kopach credits Hayward with helping him see the ball better and start hitting for a high average going into his first year on the varsity squad.
Even with a batting average north of .350 and elite fielding skills as a varsity player in high school, Kopach said he did not have many suitors from the college ranks, and none from the pros. He attributes this in part to his stature in high school. He was “smaller than most” at just under 6 foot and barely 150 pounds.
Kopach said he planned on looking at Division II and Division III colleges — as well as junior colleges — before his father and Saluki Hall of Famer Tom Baugh stepped in to lend a helping hand.
“We sent a video to Coach [Ken] Henderson at SIU and Tom Baugh texted Hendu to let him know he should take a look at me,” Kopach said. “They took a look at me and said ‘I like him', and that's how I got here.”
Kopach quickly made a name for himself on the SIU baseball team, earning a starting spot as a walk-on freshman player for the 2014 season. Even though it came as a welcome surprise to him to be a starting player as a freshman, he believes his hard work and hustle earned him the right to be on the field.
But his sophomore year did not go as planned, as an early injury to his wrist in the first series of the year cost him the remainder of the 2015 season. Taking a medical red-shirt for a fracture in his left wrist, he retained a year of eligibility.
To keep sharp after missing the bulk of the 2015 college season, Kopach signed with the Walla-Walla Sweets of the West Coast College Summer League. Playing under Assistant Coach and former Saluki baseball player Parker Osborne, he credits the West Coast League's elite pitching with getting him back in shape for the 2016 Saluki season.
As a redshirt-sophomore for the 2016 season, Kopach earned an Honorable Mention All-MVC Team honor as the Salukis second baseman. He parlayed this into a contract with the Northwoods College Summer League where he set a league record with 50 stolen bases over a grueling 72 game schedule in 75 days.
The Northwoods League was also the first time Kopach gained exposure with MLB scouts.
“It was overwhelming at first,” he said. “I just tried to have fun through it and not worry about what I did that day on the field.”
The Saluki keystone earned mid-season and post-season All-Star honors in the Northwoods League, as well as being chosen by a panel of MLB scouts to take part in the Major League Dreams Showcase at the end of the summer season.
This season with the Salukis, Kopach is continuing to impress pro scouts — being ranked 16th overall pro prospect in the MVC and 19th overall second baseman in the NCAA by DI Baseball. He is also tied for fourth overall in steals in Division I NCAA baseball with 18 steals on the season.
With the 2017 MLB June Amateur Draft just around the corner, the Saluki keystone is aware of his potential to be drafted and already has a plan in mind.
“I hope I get drafted this year,” the sports administration major said. “But I hope I am pretty high in the draft because if I'm not, I probably won't leave college.”
Kopach explained that he hopes to be picked in the top 15 rounds this year in the draft, if he is chosen at all. But this is not his biggest concern at the moment.
“If it happens, if it doesn't it doesn't,” he said. “I'm not really worried about that right now. I'm more worried about this year here at SIU and trying to play my best for the team.”
Regardless of what happens with the draft, and his future in pro baseball, Kopach said he wants to become a coach some day.
“I want to be a hitting coach at the college level,” the Saluki second baseman said. “I want to tell young players like myself what I have learned, and show them how I learned to play.”
Kopach credits the coaches at SIU with giving him the opportunity to play baseball at the Division I level, and the chance to earn his education both in the classroom and on the ball field. The Saluki keystone also hopes to lead the team in fulfilling the potential the coaches see in this year's squad.
“The coaches stay on us because they want us to do our best,” he said. “I should be hitting better. The whole team should be hitting better. We're trying to be first in the conference and go to an [NCAA] regional for the first time since 1990. That's everyone's dream here, and we will pull it out soon and turn this season around.”
Sports writer Denton “Gio” Giovenco can be reached at dgiovenco@dailyegyptian.com or on Twitter @DentonGiovenco.
To stay up to date with all your SIU sports news, follow the Daily Egyptian on Facebook and Twitter.
Advertisement
Video will play in
Watch this video again
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Click to play Tap to play
Get Aston Villa FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Coventry City are eyeing a move for former Aston Villa left-back Kieran Richardson.
The League One outfit's boss Russell Slade has reportedly turned to the former Villa star in a bid to boost the club's third tier survival fight, the Coventry Telegraph reports.
The 32-year-old has made over 250 Premier League appearances and is available as a free agent.
Richardson is currently in talks about joining the Sky Blues until the end of the season, the club have confirmed.
The former Manchester United wide man started his career at Old Trafford.
Richardson made 41 appearances and scored two goals for the Red Devils.
And he earned experience with spells at Sunderland, Fulham and Villa before a brief stint at Slade's former club Cardiff City.
Richardson left the Cardiff City Stadium in December when he was released after making only six appearances.
The versatile player who can also play in midfield and has been capped eight times for England, scoring two goals for his country back in 2005/06.
Having lunch or dinner at Stars and Thunder should be a bit more comfortable thanks to a group of woodworking tech students at Timmins High and Vocational School (TH&VS). The students delivered 21 brand-new picnic tables to the Hollinger Park a little more than a week ahead of the kick-off for the eight-day music and fireworks festival.
“We appreciate the partnership and we hope that it continues,” said TH&VS construction teacher Barry Trebilcock.
Trebilcock said his students took part in what was called an ICE challenge; ICE standing for Innovation, Creativity and Entrepreneurship.
“What happened was the ICE challenge was about innovation, design, enthusiasm and entrepreneurship,” said Trebilcock, adding that city officials spoke to him earlier this year.
“They needed a solution for seating,” he said, and so the challenge was put to the students.
“They designed five sets of tables, and then we decided which one would be our model. From there we ordered the materials and in two weeks we built these tables,” he said.
Trebilcock also explained that several of the tables feature designs that will allow persons in wheelchairs to easily access the table.
“Well this is something the kids investigated. They found out that 10% of your tables have to be for handicapped people, so they designed something that will be okay for handicapped people,” he explained.
“It's something I never knew about, but through research and the kids' enthusiasm they found that out, so it's all good,” said Trebilcock.
Mayor Steve Black, who spoke briefly to the students, said the new tables would be put to good use during the festival after the festival as well.
“They will be part of the community for as long as they last,” said Black. “And they won't be at someone's cottage or backyard,” he quickly added with a grin.
As the mayor continued chatting with the students, one of them asked Black if the Stars and Thunder event, which is currently running over budget, was going to make money.
“As long as you and all your friends come out and buy tickets” Black replied as the group smiled and laughed.
A bit later, as discussion continued, Black told the students that ticket sales are continuing. He mentioned that sales are moving now more toward the individual day tickets, mostly for Canada Day, Saturday July 1.
“It should be a great week with some of the best fireworks shows that most of us have ever seen,” he told the students.
“I think this is something that council should be proud of,” said Trebilcock, who added that the concert would be a positive statement for Timmins.
Black said he agreed and mentioned that it is estimated that many more out-of-towners will be showing up than was first expected.
“One of the things that is difficult to quantify is because we've sold 11,000 tickets to Timmins residents, we don't know how many of those 11,000 are for out of town guests,” said the mayor.
“For instance I bought 20 for my family. Only eight of them are going to Timmins residents. So 12 of my 20 are out of town guests who don't get counted in the out of town numbers,” he said.
Black said the estimate now, by adding up eight-day passes and single-day tickets, up to 6,500 out of town guests will be making overnight stays in Timmins, during the eight days.
Black reminded the students that the Rock On The River event was happening on July 28 and 29, and that Timmins would also be included in the free Ontario rock concert tour, happening on Saturday August 26 as part of the annual Kayak Challenge.
“So in terms of music, it should be a key summer in the City of Timmins,” said Black.
(Reuters) - (This Feb. 1 story has been refiled correct to show period is for fiscal second quarter, not first quarter, in paragraph nine.)
Stronger iPhone prices and hints by Apple Inc on Thursday that it could return more than half of its $285 billion in cash to shareholders eased concerns among investors, even as the world's biggest technology company gave a disappointing revenue outlook for the current quarter.
Apple also reported it sold fewer iPhones over the holiday quarter than Wall Street had expected.
But the revenue outlook for the first three months of 2018 “was not as bad as some feared,” said Jun Zhang of Rosenblatt Securities Inc. Apple's comments about plans for its $163 billion in net cash helped boost shares 3.3 percent to $173.48 in after-the-bell trading.
“Over time, we are trying to target a capital structure that is approximately net neutral. We will have approximately the same level of cash and debt on the balance sheet,” Apple's chief financial officer, Luca Maestri, told Reuters in an interview.
“We're going to take that balance down from $163 billion to zero,” Maestri said, referring to Apple's current level of cash net of debt.
He did not say whether the reduction in net cash would come in the form of returning capital to shareholders, capital expenditures or acquisitions.
The cash plans are a “pleasant surprise,” Brian Colello, an analyst at Morningstar Inc, said. “This goes a bit against Apple's historically conservative capital structure.”
Trip Miller, managing partner at Gullane Capital Partners and an Apple investor, said the move to a level balance sheet was good news. “Let's face it, this cash has been doing nothing for us over the last six years,” he said.
Apple forecast revenue of $60 billion to $62 billion and gross margins of between 38 percent and 38.5 percent for its fiscal second quarter ending in March. Analysts were expecting $65.7 billion in sales and a gross margin of 38.9 percent for the March quarter, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S, though some had forecast sales as low as $60 billion.
FILE PHOTO: People walk in front of a branch of U.S. technology company Apple in Zurich, Switzerland April 5, 2016. REUTERS/Arnd Wiegmann/File Photo
Thrivent Financial analyst Peter Karazeris said the low revenue forecast had been expected by many analysts and investors following a string of “credible reports” that Apple had cut parts orders.
“I'm happy we've gotten the bad news that I was expecting guided into the stock. It was probably a little overbaked,” he said. “Now we're focusing on metrics that really matter like free-cash generation and shareholder returns.” Thrivent holds Apple shares.
Bright spots in the fiscal first quarter ended Dec. 30 included average selling prices for the iPhone that topped Wall Street predictions, at $796 versus expectations of $756. The strong prices offset unit sales of iPhones that missed Wall Street expectations, coming in at 77.3 million units versus estimates of 80 million.
“It was really driven by the success of the iPhone X and also the iPhone 8 and iPhone 8 Plus,” Maestri told Reuters of the pricing strength. “The new lineup has done incredibly well.”
The company posted revenue of $88.3 billion and profit of $3.89 per share, from $78.4 billion and $3.36 per share a year earlier. The results beat analyst expectations of revenue of $87.3 billion and profits of $3.86 per share.
Apple's services business, which includes Apple Music, the App Store and iCloud, grew 18 percent to $8.4 billion, missing analyst expectations of $8.6 billion. Maestri said the lower services revenue was because the holiday quarter was only 13 weeks rather than 14 weeks.
The services revenue was down slightly from $8.5 billion the quarter before.
“That's something to watch as we roll further into 2018,” said Miller of Gullane Capital. “Does that continue to stagnate, or was that a one-time bump in the road?”
Maestri also said Apple's installed base of active devices reached 1.3 billion, 30 percent higher than two years ago and representing an expansion of potential customers for the services business.
Apple said it expected its tax rate for the March quarter to be 15 percent following changes in U.S. tax law. The company said last month it plans to make a one-time tax payment of $38 billion on its overseas cash and has a five-year, $30 billion U.S. capital expenditure plan.
The company did not say how much of its overseas cash it would bring back to the United States in the short term and gave no new information about its capital return program, which it typically updates each April.
April 5 Hong Kong stocks eked out marginal gains on Wednesday, drawing inspiration from a mainland rally, but gains were limited as investors were cautious before a highly-anticipated meeting between U.S. President Donald Trump and his Chinese counterpart Xi Jinping later this week.
The benchmark Hang Seng index added 0.6 percent, to 24,400.80 points, while the Hong Kong China Enterprises Index gained 0.5 percent, to 10,365.32 points.
Much of the market's attention was on the landmark Trump-Xi summit on Thursday and Friday.
It will be their first face-to-face meeting since Trump took office on Jan. 20, with trade and security issues set to figure prominently.
Most sectors gained ground at the close, with services and tech stocks leading the gains.
Coal miners advanced after coal prices hit the highest in four months in the mainland market. (Reporting by Jackie Cai and John Ruwitch; Editing by Shri Navaratnam)
Have your say
Kissing it better really does work... thanks to a protein in human saliva, according to new research.
Injuries in the mouth heal faster and more efficiently than those elsewhere - and now we know why.
A chemical in saliva boosts the formation of blood vessels, a process that is critical in recovering from an injury.
Harnessing its power opens “a wide door” to improving the treatment of wounds, said an expert.
And it shows ‘licking your wounds' is more than just an expression and is based on scientific fact.
Prof Vicente Torres, of the Institute for Research in Dental Sciences at the University of Chile, Santiago, said: “These findings open new alternatives to better understand the biology underlying the differences between oral and skin wound healing.
“We believe the study could help the design of better approaches to improve wound healing in tissues other than the mouth.”
The research published in The FASEB (Federation of American Societies for Experimental Biology) Journal revealed the salivary protein histatin-1 aids wound healing.
Prof Torres and colleagues made the breakthrough by delving into the mystifying fact mouth wounds mend better and quicker.
Until now, it was understood saliva played a part in the wound healing process, although the extent of its role was unknown.
The study examined the effects of histatin-1 on new blood vessels, a process known medically as angiogenesis.
It showed the molecule promoted angiogenesis, as well as improving the contact and migration of cells.
Prof Torres' team carried out experiments on chicken embryos and human skin and blood vessel cells.
Using these three models, histatin-1 and saliva samples obtained from healthy donors were found to increase blood vessel formation.
The researchers have already begun using these molecules to generate materials and implants to aid in wound healing.
Prof Torres said: “Saliva is a key factor that contributes to the high efficiency of wound healing in the inside of the mouth.
“This is not only attributed to physical cues but also to the presence of specific peptides in the saliva, such as histatins.
“Histatin-1 is an antimicrobial peptide, highly enriched in human saliva, which has been previously reported promoting the migration of oral skin cells in lab animals.
“However, the participation of histatin-1 in other crucial events required for wound healing, such as angiogenesis, is unknown.
“Specifically, histatin-1 promoted skin cell contact and spreading as well as migration in the wound closure tests.
“Finally, we showed that salivary histatin-1 is required for the promigratory effects of saliva on skin cells.
“In conclusion, we report salivary histatin-1 is a novel proangiogenic factor that may contribute to oral wound healing.”
Journal editor Dr Thoru Pederson, of the University of Massachusetts Medical School, welcomed the exciting discovery.
He added: “The clear results of the present study open a wide door to a therapeutic advance.
“They also bring to mind the possible meaning of animals, and often children, ‘licking their wounds.'”
CHAPLEAU -
The Township of Chapleau is cutting salary costs to bring library spending in line with other municipalities, according to Mayor Michael Levesque.
A Nov. 24 regular library board meeting agenda shows that the role of the CEO will be taken over by the township's CAO, with no change to the board's control of the Chapleau Public Library.
The move was motivated by costs, said Levesque on Monday.
“It's mainly financial. The position originally was $60,000, the CEO. We looked at how we could perhaps limit that expense, and we came up with that solution, where the CAO is the CEO of the library,” he explained.
Ten thousand from that $60,000 salary will stay in the budget.
“That's for additional hours so that we have more communication between working at the desk,” said Levesque.
The 2018 budget will see the municipality provide a $65,985 grant to the library. That's less than what it was in 2014 ($106,191). In 2015, that number was up to $110,454, and this year, the municipality provided a $118,495 grant.
“We looked at some of the figures. There are some comparative figures, and we found that the municipality was actually spending considerably more than other municipalities, so we wanted to bring it in line,” said Levesque.
“I can't remember the exact figures, but I know it was considerably less.”
The Chapleau mayor said library services and programs won't be affected by the salary cut.
“In fact, at the same time that we made this move, we've surveyed the community for their input as to, should the library be doing more, and in what areas. We're not threatening the existence of the library whatsoever,” said Levesque, who hasn't yet seen the results of the survey.
He said the library is well-used by some of the community's demographics.
“My office is right across from the library in the municipal building and I see that Monday brings in a certain crowd of people who come and get their books for the week. I know the computers are well-used. I think, in general, we could probably upgrade for further use.”
He'd like to see new demographics come in to use the library.
“We're not sure how to do that yet, we don't have the expertise to know yet, but we're hoping.”
Levesque will be looking to other models, like the library in Timmins.
“I'm amazed at...what it offers and how it functions,” he said.
“I've read that there's a good variety of programs available. We'd like to extend our programming, for example, to seniors at Cedar Grove, which is our seniors home, and bring in more school population, that sort of thing.”
Next year's library budget will allocate the same amount of spending on library books, periodicals, videos and e-resources as last year. The municipality will save on salaries, budgeting for $47,900 instead of $72,300.
Mayor Levesque said the library is an important and essential part of the community.
“We may have cut back on salaries, but we have no intention to cut back on services. It's a matter of bringing everything in line. As you know, we don't get as much money as we used to as municipalities, so we have to find other ways to manipulate the few dollars that we do get so that we survive,” he said.
By Abdulwahab Abdulah
PRESIDENT and founder of the Oodua Peoples Congress, OPC, Dr. Frederick Fasehun has said Nigeria is under siege, crying for a rescue.
Addressing a press conference in Lagos, Fasehun said the country is militarised and there is lack of adequate security in all parts of the nation, noting that there are breaches and violation of citizens' fundamental rights on daily basis.
Reviewing the state of the nation and democracy in the last 19 years, the OPC leader said there is little to cheer.
He called on President Muhammadu Buhari to “lead all arms of the Executive in the protection and continued sustenance of Nigeria's democracy, in collaboration with the Legislature, the Judiciary, the Media and Civil Society.”
Fasehun said: “Today, Nigerians appear to be under siege. From the North to the South, from the East to the West, all parts of the country are militarized and turned into a virtual police state. The Federal Special Anti-Robbery Squad (F-SARS) has lost focus. Instead of implementing its primary objective of curtailing armed robbery in the country, it has turned itself into an army of occupation, harassing and pilfering money from innocent citizens.
“What we see now is that police arrest and intimidate people into confessing to crimes they know nothing about without respecting their right to legal counsel and representation. This must stop.”
Kerry Winter, the cousin of the Canadian billionaire who was murdered with his wife in their mansion in December, gave a wide-ranging interview to a television network this week, in which he spoke about acrimony between the two, admitted to fantasies about killing his cousin and failed a lie-detector test after claiming that the murdered man had asked him to kill his wife decades ago.
The interview, with the Canadian public broadcaster CBC, comes about two months after Barry Sherman, founder of the pharmaceutical company Apotex, and his wife, Honey Sherman, were found dead in their mansion on Dec. 15. Police found the two on their pool deck, hanging from belts tied to a railing in a "semi-seated position," reports said.
The Shermans' mysterious murder has drawn attention from around the globe. The police in Toronto say the couple were the targets of a double homicide. Barry Sherman had been ranked as the 15th-richest person in Canada with a net worth of about $4.77 billion; Honey Sherman was a notable philanthropist. The police have yet to disclose a suspect.
Winter told CBC's program "The Fifth Estate" about acrimony between him and his siblings and Barry Sherman over the Apotex fortune, saying he was motivated to speak out to "hurt" his cousin's legacy.
Advertisement
"I was betrayed. My cousin hurt me, and now I want to hurt him," Winter said.
Winter and his siblings were part of a lawsuit that lasted more than decade and sought a piece of the Apotex fortune, CBC reported. A judge dismissed the case in September, calling the claim "fanciful," and the cousins appealed.
Winter also told CBC that he had spoken to his psychiatrist in the past about fantasies of killing his cousin.
"I would talk about killing Barry, and it was very graphic," Winter said. "He would come out of the parking lot of Apotex, and I'd be hiding behind a car, and I'd just decapitate him. I wanted to roll his head down the parking lot, and I'd sit there and wait for the police."
Winter also claimed to CBC that he had lined up a hit man after Barry Sherman had asked him to kill Honey Sherman twice in the 1990s.
"He said, 'I want you to whack my wife,' " Winter claimed, saying that the plan had been abandoned at the last minute. "I called him and said: 'You know, there's no turning back, Barry, if I push the button.' "
Winter agreed to take a lie-detector test about the claim on camera, and he failed, CBC reported.
Former Quebec police officer and polygraph expert John Galianos determined that Winter was not being truthful about the supposed plot. Winter admitted that he had "embellished" part of the scheme, CBC said.
"He was lying, and the test results - the polygraphist - confirms that," Michael Arntfield, a criminologist at Western University who observed the polygraph, told the CBC. "I mean, why go through this whole song and dance? That's really the underlying question here."
According to CBC, two of Winter's friends said they were told of the plot at the time.
Police parked outside the home of billionaire Barry Sherman and his wife Honey, in Toronto, Canada. Photo / AP
CBC wrote that it "could find no direct evidence to support Winter's claim that he and Barry Sherman were involved in a conspiracy to commit murder."
Winter has given at least one other interview in which he made similar claims, for the broadcast arm of the tabloid Daily Mail. The Sherman's children have denounced the allegation.
"We are deeply hurt, shocked and angered that Kerry Winter is using the tragedy of our parents' homicides to make outrageous and baseless claims about our father. The family accepts the conclusion of the Toronto Police Service, and finds it regrettable that the media would give a platform to these completely absurd allegations," the family said in a statement published by the Toronto Sun.
The Sun reported that Winter has been interviewed by the Toronto police.
Winter declined to take a lie-detector test to answer questions about whether he killed the Shermans, CBC reported, but he acknowledged that some might see him as a suspect.
"I probably had reasons to lash out to do the dirty deed," he said. "I had nothing to do with it. I don't know who did it."
According to CBC, Winter says that no one can verify where he was for the whole day of Dec. 13, when the Shermans were last seen alive. He said he went to a Cocaine Anonymous meeting and then went home and to bed, CBC reported.
"No, no alibi," he told CBC. "Very easy for me to have left work at any time because I'm not on the clock."
He added: "I could easily have driven over to [the Sherman home] and did the deed," CBC reported. "I admit to that, but I didn't, I didn't, and that's why I'm not nervous."
He contacted CBC after the initial interviews, saying he didn't want to come across as "uncaring."
"This was a tragedy no matter how you slice and dice it," he said. "This was a terrible thing that happened, even though my cousin and I had an extreme falling out."
April 20 Restaurant Group Plc finance chief, Barry Nightingale, is set to leave the company after less than a year in the role, Sky News reported.
Nightingale's departure is set to be announced as early as Friday, the newspaper also reported. bit.ly/2pWHdak
Restaurant Group named Barry Nightingale, the former head of Monarch Airlines, as its finance chief in June last year. (Reporting by Parikshit Mishra in Bengaluru)
Your Super Bowl party might be divided when it comes to cheering for the Patriots or the Eagles, but, one thing everyone is rooting for: Amazing commercials.
And, actually, nearly one in four viewers on Sunday will be watching the Super Bowl just for the commercials. After all, those well-crafted ads are known for giving us all kinds of feels in a single commercial break, ranging from the sentimental to the hilarious. (Here's one from Amazon to be watching out for).
As it turns out, those behind the commercials might be just as nervous about winning consumers over as Tom Brady is winning another ring. A single 30-second spot can be a defining moment for the brands, explains the American Marketing Association, or AMA.
Here's a sneak peek at what's to come in 2018:
In anticipation of Super Bowl LII (which airs on NBC on Sunday, Feb. 4 at 6:30 p.m. Eastern), the AMA did an analysis showing how much the average cost of a 30-second ad during the Big Game costs. Interestingly, it hasn't been a steady climb for Super Bowl ads over the years. For example, between 1970 and 1971, the price of an ad fell by $6,000 from $78,000 to $72,000. For the three games between 1991 and 1993, the ad rate stayed flat at $850,000. The cost of an add dipped from $2.1 million in 2001 to $1.9 million in 2002.
Last year, advertisers shelled out, on average, $5.2 million for a spot. A 30-second spot in the 2018 Super Bowl will again cost in excess of $5 million, according to Sports Illustrated.
Here are some highlights over the years, according to the statistics rounded up by AMA (view the full list below!):
1967: $42,000, Green Bay Packers (35) VS Kansas City Chiefs (10).
1972: $86,000, Dallas Cowboys (24) VS Miami Dolphins (3)
1977: $125,000, Oakland Raiders (32) VS Minnesota Vikings (14)
1982: $324,000 San Francisco 49ers (26) VS Cincinnati Bengals (21)
1987: $600,000 New York Giants (39) VS Denver Broncos (20)
1992: $850,000 Washington Redskins (37) VS Buffalo Bills (24)
1997: $1.2 million Green Bay Packers (35) VS New England Patriots (21)
2002: $1.9 million New England Patriots (20) VS St. Louis Rams (17)
2007: $2.6 million Indianapolis Colts (29) VS Chicago Bears (17)
2012: $3.5 million New York Giants (21) VS New England Patriots (17)
2017: $5.02 million New England Patriots (34) VS Atlanta Falcons (28)
Here's the full list from the AMA, in one handy chart:
So, what's your favorite Super Bowl commercial of all time?
GIRL HOSPITALISED: Paramedics rushed to a Bundaberg house after a toddler was injured in a lawn mower accident.
A TODDLER has been rushed to Bundaberg Hospital with a significant hand injury after a lawn mowing accident.
Paramedics rushed to the Buss St address in Bundaberg South just before 2pm today.
It's understood the two-year-old girl fell and her hand slipped under the blade of the lawn mower, which was being operated at the time.
The girl was taken to Bundaberg in a stable condition with what paramedics described as "significant damage” to the hand.
A Ventura backpacker missing for more than a day in Los Padres National Forest northeast of Lake Cachuma was rescued Saturday night by a Santa Barbara County Sheriff's Department helicopter and the all-volunteer Sheriff's Search and Rescue Team.
Sheriff's Department spokesman Drew Sugars said Sunday that the 25-year-old Ventura man and three friends had set out Wednesday from the Upper Oso/Paradise Road area, about 10 miles north of Santa Barbara. The group was 12-15 miles into a trek in the Mission Pine Basin area when the man became separated from the group around midday Friday, he said.
When the man failed to appear Saturday morning, Sugars said, the three other backpackers hiked out and called 9-1-1 to report him missing.
The Search and Rescue Team and the Sheriff's Aviation Unit were deployed around 5:30 p.m. Saturday, Sugars said.
Just before 7 p.m. Saturday, the crew of sheriff's Copter One located the missing hiker near the trail between Upper Oso and Mission Pine Basin, Sugars said. The helicopter landed to pick him up, then transported him Upper Oso Campground, where a Search and Rescue unit was waiting.
Sugars said the man was dehydrated and exhausted, and he was treated at the scene by a crew from American Medical Response. The hiker's identity was not released.
— Noozhawk publisher Bill Macfadyen can be reached at .(JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address) . Follow Noozhawk on Twitter: @noozhawk. Become a fan of Noozhawk on Facebook.
The Madras High Court has said the Tamil Nadu government should consider giving policemen a day's holiday in a week like every government servant is entitled to, so that they too can spend time with their families.
When a plea seeking abolition of orderly system in the police force came up yesterday, Justice N Kirubakaran said “Every government servant is entitled to a one-day holiday in a week so that they can spend time with their families, likewise why shouldn't the police personnel who don't get a weekly off?.”
“It will help them rejuvenate themselves and relieve them from stress,” he observed.
Having said this, the judge ordered the additional advocate general P H Aravind Pandian to get instructions from higher authorities in this regard and directed him to mention from which date onwards they would like to implement the instructions.
“This court holds that the government should take serious view of this matter in the interest of the police and take a decision,” the judge said and posted the matter to July 12.
During the hearing, the judge also noted that the policemen were forced to work round the clock. They face stress and mental agony so do their family members.
Stating that this was one of the reasons for deviant activities of police officials, the judge said a conducive atmosphere should be created for the policemen as it would help keep their morale high in the interest of society.
“It is necessary to have at least a one-day holiday which would be helpful for them and their family members, he added.
Taking note of incidents in which police personnel were attacked he said, “The people who attack the police personnel are emboldened to do it and they (police) are not secured from such attacks, then what will be their fate?”
Meanwhile, a counter affidavit was filed in this connection by the state DGP, stating that the Greater Chennai police, except some special units like CCB, CRB, work eight hours a day in three shifts.
Victor Jang had no intention of opening a restaurant. A salesman based on the East Coast, Jang regularly traveled for work, and in his spare time, soaked up the food scene of the places he visited. He was always on the lookout for a taste of his native South Korea, and when he was assigned St. Louis as his territory, he became familiar with the city's food scene. One thing stood out to him: How did a city this big lack proper Korean barbecue?
Jang sensed an opportunity, but first he had to convince his wife, Moon, that giving up his lucrative career to move to an unfamiliar city was the right thing to do. Surprisingly, she agreed, and before they knew it, they were packing up their home in New York City and headed to the Midwest to realize his vision for a Korean restaurant unlike anything else this town has seen.
The city may have been unfamiliar to the Jangs, but the restaurant business was not. Moon's parents have owned a Korean barbecue restaurant in Seoul for twenty years, so she grew up around the industry. Her mom and dad proved to be invaluable resources for the young couple, guiding them through every step of the arduous process of opening a restaurant. They even flew in from South Korea to consult on the restaurant's design and demonstrate the art behind their signature dishes. It took roughly six months, but the Jangs finally opened the doors to Wudon last November — and in doing so made it abundantly clear what we've been missing.
click to enlarge PHOTO BY MABEL SUEN
The handsome dining room features pop art.
Wudon is nothing short of dazzling, a fact that is apparent the moment you walk through the restaurant's front door and are hit with the glorious smell of sizzling meat and whole garlic cloves. That is, of course, assuming you get through those front doors.
Since opening three months ago in the Castillions Arcade Plaza, a vintage strip mall at the intersection of Olive and Fee Fee, Wudon has developed quite a following among the area's Korean community. The crowd means you'll be bumping into other patrons, hovering over the tables as others eat and risking a burn as servers rush by with the searing hot griddles they regularly change out from the tables. (A much wiser plan? Give Moon your name and number so she can call when your table is ready, then head over to the Pink Galleon next door for a Busch Light and the soothing sounds of Quad City DJs.)
This bustling scene, however, contributes to Wudon's festive atmosphere, as do the K-pop videos that play from the restaurant's flatscreen televisions. The energy carries through to the artwork covering the wood-paneled walls. Moon is a trained artist, and her black, red and white pop art paintings are simply stunning.
click to enlarge PHOTO BY MABEL SUEN
Banchan includes marinated vegetables such as chayote, kimchi, broccoli, burdock and beansprouts.
Every table at Wudon is outfitted with a round, recessed grill in its center, though that shouldn't deter you from ordering the non-barbecue dishes. Wudon's mandu, Korea's version of pot stickers, are savory pork- and onion-filled pillows; the wrappers are so delicate you can see through them, and when they crisp up just around the edges, they give the dish touch of crunch.
Fried chicken wings impress in their simplicity. Though we've become accustomed to seeing Korean fried chicken covered in gochujang, these are served without sauce, allowing the succulent meat and crispy breaded skin to take center stage.
Wudon's seafood pancake is perfection of the form. Flour batter, studded with green onion and tender calamari, is as delicate as a crepe and crisps just around the outside. The squid is so fresh it flavors the dish with just a whisper, as do the almost-sweet green onions — this subtlety is its success.
As at any Korean feast, guests at Wudon are treated to a kaleidoscope of banchan, or small dishes served gratis. Here, they are impossibly fresh: crisp cabbage kimchi, snappy bean sprouts, ginger-scented root vegetables, funky fish cakes. You could leave Wudon satisfied after having only tasted the banchan and appetizers.
click to enlarge PHOTO BY MABEL SUEN
Wudon's marinated-beef combo features LA-style galbi, beef bulgogi, boneless short-ribs and marinated galbi.
But then you would be missing out on the show-stopping barbecue, the aroma luring you in like a siren song. Wudon offers various cuts of beef and pork, although the combination platter gives you a chance to sample several different styles and cuts. Ours featured four types of meat, including thin strips of prime ribeye so vibrant and well-marbled it could be an advertisement for a high-end butcher shop.
Our platter also contained Wudon's galbi, or boneless marinated short ribs. They had the characteristic sweet-soy taste, but here it avoids coming across as cloying, as can sometimes be the case. Here the marinade proved a restrained enhancement to the meat — not an in-your-face flavor in itself.
The pork component of our beef and pork combo also did not disappoint. Strips of rosy-hued pork belly are about a foot long, the thickness of quadruple-cut bacon and, after it's cooked, the texture of butter. How something so wonderful can be overshadowed is hard to fathom, but the hunks of pork jowl that also come with the platter may do just that. Like its Italian brethren guanciale, the melt-in-the-mouth meat is like pork belly with an exclamation point on it. When we were first served the platter, we marveled that we might not even make a dent in the generous heap of jowl. We finished every last morsel.
click to enlarge PHOTO BY MABEL SUEN
Co-owner Victor Jang shows off some tabletop grilling action.
Alongside the meat extravaganza, Wudon serves a custard-like egg soufflé that makes you wonder how the French cornered the market on egg dishes. Tofu soup, another worthy side dish, is a steaming bowl of mildly funky fish-infused broth that teems with creamy tofu and vegetables. The dish's subtle chili spice isn't at first apparent, but gently taps the back of the throat with warmth.
With such magnificent tabletop barbecue, it might be tempting to skip the house specialties that are prepared in the kitchen. Don't. Wudon's version of osam-bulgolgi, or spicy squid and pork belly, is revelatory. When you order it, your server will bring out a burner, then place a blazing hot cauldron filled with the concoction on top. Though it comes to the table cooked, the continual heat allows the flavors to concentrate even further, resulting in a thick, stew-like concoction. The pork flavors the squid, the squid flavors the pork, and the sweet and umami gochujang sauce soaks up both. Be careful that you're tending to the barbecue on the other burner — the osam-bulgolgi is likely to make you forget about anything else.
That's the thing about Wudon: At such a perfect restaurant, you're likely to get so engrossed in the meal that you forget where you are — or that there ever was a time when such Korean barbecue perfection was missing from this town. Thankfully, those problems are now in the past. The Jangs have St. Louis covered.
22 clubbed cats found near Santa Margarita
March 17, 2018
Authorities found 22 dead cats dumped on the side of a remote road east of Santa Margarita in the Los Padres National Forest earlier this month, according to San Luis Obispo County Animal Services. [Cal Coast Times]
Animal Services workers found the dead cats on March 8. The cats died as a result of intentionally inflicted blunt force trauma, according to the agency.
All of the cats appeared to have come from a single location. It appeared that the cats were well cared for prior to their deaths.
Officials have not identified a suspect or suspects in the case. Investigators request that anyone who has information about the dead cats or their owner call animal services at (805) 781-4400 or Crime Stoppers at (805) 549-STOP.
Loading...
BRIEF-Aap Implantate announces public share buyback offer
* TO PURCHASE UP TO 2.25 MILLION SHARES OF COMPANY BY MEANS OF VOLUNTARY PUBLIC SHARE BUYBACK OFFER AGAINST CASH PAYMENT OF EUR 1.52 PER NO-PAR VALUE SHARE FOR MAX TOTAL PURCHASE PRICE OF UP TO EUR 3.5 MILLION Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
Liquid Photoimageable Solder Mask Market: Overview
Solder masks are referred to as solder stop masks or solder resist masks. They are thin lacquer-like layer of polymers, which are usually applied to the copper traces of a printed circuit board (PCB) for protection against oxidation. This lacquer-like layer lads to the formation of solder bridges between closely spaced solder pads. Liquid Photoimageable Solder Mask (LPISM or LPSM or LPI) is an electronic material of alkali type. LIPSM is a dual-cured system used in UV-curing and thermal curing.
Read Report Overview @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/liquid-photoimageable-solder-mask-market.html
LPISM is used for the application of printed circuit boards (PCB) in almost all electronics products. A solder bridge is an unintended electrical connection between two conductors by means of a small blob of solder. Liquid imageable solder mask is not always used for hand soldered assemblies, but is essentially used for mass-produced boards that are soldered automatically using reflow or solder bath techniques. Solder mask comes in different media depending upon the demands of the application.
LPSM can be silkscreened or sprayed on the PCB, exposed to the connectivity mesh pattern, and developed to provide openings in the pattern for parts to be soldered to the copper pads. DFSM is vacuum laminated on the PCB and then exposed and developed.In electronic design automation, the solder mask is treated as a layer of the printed circuit board, and is described as a Gerber file akin to any other layer such as copper and silkscreen layers.
Liquid Photoimageable Solder Mask Market: Dynamics & Trends
In order to cope with the environmental requirements, there is a trend to dehalogenate phthalocyanine pigments and dry films instead of inks in liquid state. As an alternative to epoxy resin, the possibility of oxetane resin is being currently investigated. Other issue concerning the environmental requirements is the increased soldering temperature associated the with usage lead-free solder.
Request Report Brochure @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=B&rep_id=24026
An opening must be made in the solder mask wherever components are soldered. This is accomplished using photolithography. Solder mask is traditionally green, but is now available in many colors. The lowest-cost solder mask is epoxy liquid that is silkscreened through the pattern onto the PCB. Other types are liquid photoimageable solder mask inks and dry film photoimageable solder mask (DFSM). Currently, module circuit boards for substrate use of CPU and even flexible circuit boards to be incorporated in the liquid crystal driver are available. Flexible circuit boards are expected to be used extensively in the near future.
About Us
Transparency Market Research (TMR) is a global market intelligence company providing business information reports and services. The company's exclusive blend of quantitative forecasting and trend analysis provides forward-looking insight for thousands of decision makers. TMR's experienced team of analysts, researchers, and consultants use proprietary data sources and various tools and techniques to gather and analyze information.
TMR's data repository is continuously updated and revised by a team of research experts so that it always reflects the latest trends and information. With extensive research and analysis capabilities, Transparency Market Research employs rigorous primary and secondary research techniques to develop distinctive data sets and research material for business reports.
Contact
Transparency Market Research
State Tower,
90 State Street,
Suite 700,
Albany NY – 12207
United States
Tel: +1-518-618-1030
USA – Canada Toll Free: 866-552-3453
Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com
Website: http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com
Five Oceano men attempt to kidnap and rape two women
April 24, 2018
Five Oceano men are in jail after they snatched two victims from a Santa Maria night club Sunday with the intent to rape them, according to the Santa Maria Police Department. [Cal Coast Times]
At about 2:30 a.m., the two women were approached by the men in the night club. The men then grabbed the victims and forced them into a nearby vehicle.
A witness to the incident at the nightclub called 911. Shortly afterwards, one of the victims managed to escape while at Main and Bonita streets and also called 911.
Officers arrived, arrested the suspects and booked them into the Santa Barbara County Jail.
Each of the suspects is charged with kidnapping with the intent to commit rape. Santa Maria police have identified the suspects as Jose Octavio Perez, 56; Jorge Alvarez Manzano, 53; Joel Verduzco Mendoza, 24; Salvador Cerna Mendoza, 39; and Jose Mendoza Cerna, 30.
Loading...
If you are fond of women from the Far East, you would know how exotic the women from this region are. Exotic is one word to describe the feature of the women who hail from countries like Japan, Korea, China, Hong Kong and Taiwan. London being a melting pot of humans from all over the world, there are a lot of Asian women that you find here. And some of the finest looking of these women work as London Asian escorts. A high-class Asian escort London can be your ideal companion in the city of London.
The best London Asian escorts can service you anywhere you want and wherever you want. If you want to keep your liaison with an escort discrete, that can be arranged easily. You can either visit the lady at her place or at a place that you are comfortable with. It may also happen that you want the arrangement at your place of accommodation and this can be arranged as well. You can rest assured that the lady you hire will not look like a professional. Whatever the two of you decide to do in private remains completely private. If you decide to take her out as your companion, both women and men will just turn around in envy because you have someone stunning around you.
There are escort services that promise you a lot but deliver much less than what you expect. Hence, if you are looking for an Asian escort, it is best to opt for an agency that keeps professionalism above everything else. This means that complete confidentiality will be maintained and you will get to spend time with someone who is classy. This kind of service is more premium but when you experience the service, you will feel that the money is more than well spent.
A top-end Asian escort London will make you feel as if you are on top of the world. She will be able to cater to almost any demand that you have – there will be no questions asked. But one thing is for certain – when you deal with a lady of such stature, you will get the feeling of splendour and class. The matter of physical satisfaction is always there but a top-class escort is definitely more than that. Not only do they provide you carnal pleasures, but they can also accompany you during your stay in London and give you that much-needed companionship.If you just want to engage in conversation with the lady, you will enjoy that and if you want to take her to an evening dinner, you will enjoy that too.
Booking the service of a top-class Asian escort in London is fairly simple – there are online sites that provide you with the details and help you choose and book your escort in a matter of minutes. Your escort is more than equipped to make your London stay a truly memorable one. Book your escort today and live a London dream.
A top-class Asian escort London is equipped to give you a memorable experience. The best London Asian escorts can be booked online.
Hemel Hempstead A Place You Can Do Business The Hemel Hempstead Business Ambassadors details exactly why Hemel Hempstead is a 'place you can do business'. Heart of Maylands TRING, England - April 18, 2017 - PRLog -- Hemel Hempstead is a 'place you can do business', alongside many economic champions such as Amazon, Bourne Leisure, FFEI, Sopra Steria, Henkel and Britvic, who already call Hemel Hempstead home to their headquarters and continue to invest in the area.
- Hemel Hempstead and surrounding areas is home to 7,300 businesses, with Maylands Business Park being the largest in the South East
- 83,200 residents are in employment (aged 16 to 74)
- The average annual salary is 17% higher than the national average
- 66% of Dacorum's population is educated to NVQ Level 2 and above
- Close proximity to London, major motorways and four airports
The launch of the new Enviro-Tech Enterprise Zone, with the aim of creating thousands of new jobs focusing on environmental technologies, is just one of the many progressive steps taken by Dacorum Borough Council to evolve the town and create a more successful economy for the benefit of everyone locally.
With an availability of development land and the commitment and support of Dacorum Borough Council to 'grow on' its businesses, Hemel Hempstead is primed for growth in both service and manufacturing businesses.
Sally Marshall, Chief Executive for Dacorum Borough Council, says, "Dacorum Borough Council is proud to promote economic growth and prosperity of the local areas as a key priority. As a committed and fully engaged member of the Hemel Hempstead Business Ambassadors Scheme we will consult and encourage dialogue with HHBA as a key consultee when developing the Council's policies and plans which shape the economic development of Hemel Hempstead and the surrounding areas."
Maylands Business Park is the largest business park in the south east, currently home to 700 businesses and 20,000 employees. Development of the Enviro-Tech Enterprise Zone will further enhance Hemel Hempstead's rich industrial and business offering. with major sites adjacent to each other at Maylands, and close to Junction 8 of the M1. These sites cover just over 78 ha in total.
Chris Taylor, Group Manager Strategic Planning & Regeneration for Dacorum Borough Council said: "The Hertfordshire Enterprise Zone will make a significant contribution to the cost of the transport improvements required to ensure that growth in the Maylands area, and the East of Hemel Hempstead generally, is sustainable in the medium- to long-term future. The Enterprise Zone will enable local economies to unlock key development sites, consolidate and provide infrastructure, attract business and create jobs."
In addition, Prologis have recently submitted their planning application for the Prologis Park development on the Maylands gateway. The proposals will deliver new distribution warehouses and investment in the local road infrastructure. The scheme will secure over £80 million of private sector investment and when fully delivered will support around 750-1,000 jobs in the manufacturing and logistics sectors.
This scheme is in addition to offers for land of over 600,000 square foot on Maylands, including the 150,000+ sq ft Aviva Retail Scheme being given planning approval on Maylands Avenue, and the redevelopment of 140,000 sq ft of class A offices within the town.
Today the town is home to a flourishing and diverse commercial centre, with excellent links to all of the major motorways between London and the North and well-connected for the four airports of Heathrow, Gatwick, Luton and Stansted.
Gary Stringer, Place Manager for the Hemel Hempstead Business Ambassadors said, "Hemel Hempstead is a special place to work, and also to live and enjoy. One of the roles of the Hemel Hempstead Business Ambassadors is to embody and share these sentiments in order to attract new businesses and create new jobs by enabling further economic growth and prosperity for the whole borough."
For further information, visit the new website at
Contact
Alison Page Marketing
***@alisonpagemarketing.co.uk
Photo:
https://www.prlog.org/ 12633888/1 Alison Page Marketing End -- Hemel Hempstead is a 'place you can do business', alongside many economic champions such as Amazon, Bourne Leisure, FFEI, Sopra Steria, Henkel and Britvic, who already call Hemel Hempstead home to their headquarters and continue to invest in the area.- Hemel Hempstead and surrounding areas is home to 7,300 businesses, with Maylands Business Park being the largest in the South East- 83,200 residents are in employment (aged 16 to 74)- The average annual salary is 17% higher than the national average- 66% of Dacorum's population is educated to NVQ Level 2 and above- Close proximity to London, major motorways and four airportsThe launch of the new Enviro-Tech Enterprise Zone, with the aim of creating thousands of new jobs focusing on environmental technologies, is just one of the many progressive steps taken by Dacorum Borough Council to evolve the town and create a more successful economy for the benefit of everyone locally.With an availability of development land and the commitment and support of Dacorum Borough Council to 'grow on' its businesses, Hemel Hempstead is primed for growth in both service and manufacturing businesses.Sally Marshall, Chief Executive for Dacorum Borough Council, says, "Dacorum Borough Council is proud to promote economic growth and prosperity of the local areas as a key priority. As a committed and fully engaged member of the Hemel Hempstead Business Ambassadors Scheme we will consult and encourage dialogue with HHBA as a key consultee when developing the Council's policies and plans which shape the economic development of Hemel Hempstead and the surrounding areas."Maylands Business Park is the largest business park in the south east, currently home to 700 businesses and 20,000 employees. Development of the Enviro-Tech Enterprise Zone will further enhance Hemel Hempstead's rich industrial and business offering. with major sites adjacent to each other at Maylands, and close to Junction 8 of the M1. These sites cover just over 78 ha in total.Chris Taylor, Group Manager Strategic Planning & Regeneration for Dacorum Borough Council said: "The Hertfordshire Enterprise Zone will make a significant contribution to the cost of the transport improvements required to ensure that growth in the Maylands area, and the East of Hemel Hempstead generally, is sustainable in the medium- to long-term future. The Enterprise Zone will enable local economies to unlock key development sites, consolidate and provide infrastructure, attract business and create jobs."In addition, Prologis have recently submitted their planning application for the Prologis Park development on the Maylands gateway. The proposals will deliver new distribution warehouses and investment in the local road infrastructure. The scheme will secure over £80 million of private sector investment and when fully delivered will support around 750-1,000 jobs in the manufacturing and logistics sectors.This scheme is in addition to offers for land of over 600,000 square foot on Maylands, including the 150,000+ sq ft Aviva Retail Scheme being given planning approval on Maylands Avenue, and the redevelopment of 140,000 sq ft of class A offices within the town.Today the town is home to a flourishing and diverse commercial centre, with excellent links to all of the major motorways between London and the North and well-connected for the four airports of Heathrow, Gatwick, Luton and Stansted.Gary Stringer, Place Manager for the Hemel Hempstead Business Ambassadors said, "Hemel Hempstead is a special place to work, and also to live and enjoy. One of the roles of the Hemel Hempstead Business Ambassadors is to embody and share these sentiments in order to attract new businesses and create new jobs by enabling further economic growth and prosperity for the whole borough."For further information, visit the new website at www.investhemel.co.uk or contact Gary Stringer, Ambassador Place Manager, on tel: 01442 228808. Source : Hemel Hempstead Business Ambassadors Email : ***@alisonpagemarketing.co.uk Tags : Hemel Hempstead , EnviroTech Enterprise Zone , Economic Champions Industry : Business , Environment , Technology Location : Tring - Hertfordshire - England Subject : Projects Account Phone Number Disclaimer Report Abuse Account Email AddressAccount Phone Number Alison Page Marketing PRs Open Season at Remus Horse Sanctuary Embrace HR Wins Aylesbury Business of the Year Award Remus Horse Sanctuary Volunteer Drive Business Ambassadors Treated To A 21st Century Venue Hemel Hempstead 70 Years Young
Tourism entrepreneurs have provided Rs 815,230 in cash to support the cause of Dhurmus-Suntali Foundation.
The entrepreneurs provided the amount on the occasion of 11th International Mt Everest Day on Tuesday to support Dhurmus-Suntali Foundation's cleanliness campaign of Bir Hospital in Kathmandu.
The amount collected from 42 tourism entrepreneurs was handed over to the chairman of the Foundation Sitaram Kattel ‘Dhurmus'.
On the occasion, Kattel said that his team initiated the campaign for the cleanliness of Bir Hospital, adding that the oldest hospital of the country had its own importance. He stated that so far Rs 4.7 million had been spent for the cleanliness of the hospital.
Source: Rastriya Samachar Samiti
SEOUL, April 13 South Korean Foreign Minister Yun Byung-se said on Thursday he believed the United States will consult Seoul if it is considering a pre-emptive strike against North Korea.
Yun's comments at a South Korean parliamentary hearing came amid rising tensions in the region over the possibility North Korea could conduct a new nuclear or missile test.
The possibility of U.S. military action against North Korea in response to such tests gained traction following last week's U.S. strikes against Syria, which came in retaliation for a deadly gas attack. (Reporting by Jack Kim and Ju-min Park; Editing by Paul Tait)
New Zealanders and Australians have become a target of a phone scam that has reaped in millions of dollars.
At least one person in Australia has lost almost $2 million and police there are warning people to hang up immediately if they receive a call or a voicemail from a stranger speaking in Mandarin.
Last year, NZ police issuing a warning to the public after reports of a scam using the Chinese Embassy phone number.
In the past few months, the scam has resurfaced, with many New Zealanders receiving phone calls and voice messages in Mandarin from people they don't know.
Advertisement
The calls - and voicemails that have been left on people's phones - are in relation to a variety of topics, such as having property to pick up from the embassy, that their credit card has been used without authority or that they need to call a phone number in Beijing.
"Government agencies will never call you to ask for your bank account or credit card details by phone," police said.
RELATED: Police warn of kidnapping scam targeting Chinese students in New Zealand
"They have used technology to enable them to use the Embassy's number to make these calls, so if you receive a call and the person on the line asks for money, do not engage with them, and hang up."
If someone thinks they have been scammed, police urge them to report the incident as soon as possible to their nearest police station.
They also advise members of the public to warn friends and family so that others in the community are also aware – particularly the more vulnerable members of the community.
In New South Wales, Australia, at least 50 people have reported they were scammed.
The scammer usually demands money and threatens harm to the victim, as well as their friends and family, if the demands are not met.
The call usually starts with a recorded message in English or Mandarin, and then transfers to a person claiming to be from the Chinese Embassy or Consulate.
NSW Police has issued a public warning about the calls.
"I want to stress that the Chinese Embassy would never contact a victim to pay money over the phone," Financial Crimes Squad Commander, Detective Superintendent Linda Howlett said.
As well as New Zealand, the same scam has also been reported in the US, Canada and the UK.
Reuters Sports Schedule at 0001 on Thursday, June 15
We will bring all the latest transfer news from around Europe as teams begin improving their squads for next season. (SOCCER-COUNTRY-TEAM/ expect throughout)
PARIS (AP) — The Latest on the French president's climate change grants (all times local):
6:15 p.m.
Arnold Schwarzenegger is arguing that U.S. President Donald Trump's rejection of the Paris climate accord doesn't matter, because companies, scientists and other governments can "pick up the slack" to reduce global emissions.
The Hollywood star and former California governor took a spin on a Parisian electric bike Monday as part of events leading up to an international climate summit Tuesday hosted by French President Emmanuel Macron.
Advertisement
Schwarzenegger said "Donald Trump pulled Donald Trump out of the Paris agreement," but many in the private sector, cities and state governments, engineers and universities remain committed to fighting climate change.
A prominent environmental campaigner, Schwarzenegger acknowledged that many people "don't understand what global warming or climate change really means," and urged environmental activists to focus on efforts to fight pollution instead because of its health risks.
___
11:20 a.m.
French President Emmanuel Macron's "Make Our Planet Great Again" grants initially were aimed at American climate change researchers, but competition has been expanded to other non-French climate scientists.
Macron is unveiling the first winners Monday evening at a startup incubator in Paris called Station F, where Microsoft and smaller tech companies are announcing projects to finance activities aimed at reducing emissions.
French national research agency CNRS says the applicant list was whittled down to 90 finalists in September, the majority of them Americans or based in the U.S.
About 50 projects will be chosen overall, and funded with 60 million euros ($70 million) from the state and French research institutes.
Some French researchers have complained that Macron is showering money on foreign scientists while they are pleading for more support for domestic higher education.
___
9:40 a.m.
Several U.S.-based climate scientists are about to win multi-year, all-expenses-paid grants to relocate to France.
The "Make Our Planet Great Again" grants are an effort by French President Emmanuel Macron to counter U.S. President Donald Trump on the climate change front.
Macron announced a competition for the grants hours after Trump declared he would withdraw the U.S. from the global accord reached in Paris in 2015 to reduce climate-damaging emissions.
Macron is unveiling the winners Monday evening ahead of a climate summit Tuesday aimed at giving new impetus to the Paris accord and finding new funding to help governments and businesses meet its goals.
More than 50 world leaders are expected in Paris for the "One Planet Summit," co-hosted by the U.N. and the World Bank. Trump was not invited.
Welcome to our WrestlingINC.com Live WWE RAW Viewing Party. We will be providing live ongoing coverage of tonight's RAW, while you all can chime in with your thoughts throughout the show.
Please help spread word of tonight's coverage. Twitter users, please share this page by clicking the 'Share' button below:
Tweet
Keep hitting REFRESH on your browser to get the most up-to-date results.
LIVE COVERAGE BEGINS AT 8PM EST
Follow Marc Middleton on Twitter at @this_is_marc. Got a news tip or correction? Send it to us by clicking here.
Indian shares end lower; financials hit by profit-taking
June 15 Indian shares fell on Thursday as investors booked profits in recent outperformers, while soft U.S. economic data, a relatively hawkish Federal Reserve and worries of political turmoil in the world's largest economy hurt sentiment.
April 28 Shenzhen Fastprint Circuit Tech Co Ltd :
* Sees net profit for H1 2017 to increase by 50 percent to 70 percent, or to be 104.6 million yuan to 118.5 million yuan, compared to net profit of the same period in 2016 (69.7 million yuan)
* Comments that increased sales of subsidiary and IC carrier is the main reason for the forecast
Source text in Chinese: goo.gl/gWMfCT
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
Seamlessly integrate JIRA Service Desk functionality into any native environment, allowing businesses to put help right at their customers' fingertips. Using Jelldesk Support, companies can reach out and offer support, provide information, or start a conversation with live chat in their Slack team.
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Heilan Home Co Ltd:
* SAYS UNIT SIGNS FRAMEWORK AGREEMENT WITH LINZHI TENCENT TECHNOLOGY AND NINGBO INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT FIRM TO SET UP INDUSTRY FUND WORTH 10.0 BILLION YUAN ($1.59 billion)
* SAYS CONTROLLING SHAREHOLDER‘S PARTY ACTING IN CONCERT SIGNS AGREEMENT TO TRANSFER 238.5 MILLION SHARES IN THE COMPANY TO TENCENT‘S SHENZHEN AFFILIATE FOR 2.5 BILLION YUAN
* SAYS SHARE TRADE TO RESUME ON FEB 5 Source text in Chinese: bit.ly/2E7gSkp; bit.ly/2DUz29X; bit.ly/2FDYugg Further company coverage: ($1 = 6.2820 Chinese yuan renminbi) (Reporting by Hong Kong newsroom)
April 6 Simulations Plus Inc:
* Simulations Plus finalizes distributor agreement with Korean Company
* Simulations Plus Inc - announced that it has entered into a distributor agreement in South Korea with Quantum Bio Solutions Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Suon San (centre), who passed away on Tuesday, is seen with supporters of the chapey master. Eliah Lillis
Chapey community loses pre-eminent master Suon San
One of the pre-eminent masters of the chapey – Cambodia's traditional two-stringed guitar – has passed away. Born in Korki village in Takeo province, Suon San had been battling an illness for the past three months before his death at Khmer-Soviet Friendship Hospital in Phnom Penh on Monday night.
A skilled musician, San took up the chapey as a young boy. Growing up on a farm, he often tended to his family's cows, while simultaneously taking the opportunity to create makeshift chapeys from palm trees, his son Ya Sela said yesterday. His passion for the instrument was so strong that he defied his father's disapproval for the craft.
His formal introduction to the instrument came at the age of 18, through the master Pouthau Dai. It was then he met his lifelong friend Kong Nay, the world's most recognised chapey player.
“[He] was a good person, and a good friend,” Nay said yesterday. The chapey masters had worked and played together for more than 20 years.
Read more: A meeting of the chapey masters
San was also a chapey teacher with arts organisation Cambodian Living Arts for around 12 years. In 2012, he was recognised for his chapey achievements by Prime Minister Hun Sen, according to Sela. Two years later, he performed in China, and had been offered a chance to play in London next month.
Though many chapey players are blind, San had full vision, though he was wounded while the Khmer Rouge were in power and lost his leg.
San's death places additional pressure on the already shrinking chapey community, which has to contend with a general lack of interest and financial support among the public.
The craft was recognised by Unesco as intangible heritage late last year, and Nay was awarded the prestigious Fukuoka Arts and Culture Prize earlier this month.
“Now that [San] has passed away . . . who will be able to play or show the younger generation about the chapey now?” Nay lamented.
San is survived by his wife, Khun Heiv, 65, and his six children.
The New Zealand dollar pared overnight gains against the greenback in thin trading as markets focus on the upcoming US Federal Reserve policy review with the Fed widely expected to lift interest rates.
The kiwi fell to 72.23 US cents as at 5pm in Wellington from 72.53 US cents as at 8am in Wellington, though still up from 72.10 cents yesterday. The trade-weighted index was at 74.31 from 74.27.
The Federal Open Market Committee is expected to raise the fed funds rate a quarter point to a range of 1.50 percent to 1.75 percent on Wednesday in Washington in new chair Jerome Powell's first outing. That could push the kiwi below key support levels, in particular as New Zealand's Reserve Bank likely keep the official cash rate at 1.75 percent and signal no change on the immediate horizon.
Risk appetite has also been dented by news reports that US President Donald is expected to unveil up to US$60 billion in new tariffs on Chinese imports by Friday, targeting technology, telecommunications and intellectual property. According to Reuters, the White House declined to comment Monday. China has vowed to take retaliatory measures in response.
Advertisement
"If it goes below 71.75 (US cents), it will go pretty hard toward 70.50. I fail to see how we are not going to see US dollar strength for the rest of the week," said Tim Kelleher, head of institutional foreign exchange sales at ASB Bank.
Overall, "I think (the kiwi) is holding on by the skin of its teeth" and has held up relatively well on the day because it has been largely sidelined by global news, he said.
Kelleher said the dairy auction tonight may also weigh on the New Zealand dollar if milk prices are lower given market expectations for them to be largely unchanged. Investors will also be watching for the new policy targets agreement between the central bank and the finance minister, expected Thursday or Friday, he said.
The local currency rose to 76.76 yen from 76.27 yen yesterday. It traded at 51.45 British pence from 51.76 pence yesterday after the UK and European Union agreed terms for the Brexit transition which is expected to be approved at the EU summit this week. The kiwi traded at 58.50 euro cents from 58.75 cents yesterday.
The kiwi rose to 93.70 Australian cents from 93.61 cents yesterday and gained to 4.5691 Chinese yuan from 4.5649 yuan.
New Zealand's two-year swap rate fell 2 basis points to 2.24 percent and the 10-year swap rate fell 3 basis points to 3.18 percent.
The White Law Group announces the filing of a FINRA Arbitration claim against Cetera Advisors, LLC involving high risk oil & gas investments.
Contact
The White Law Group
***@whitesecuritieslaw.com The White Law Group
End
-- The claim, filed by The White Law Group, was submitted to FINRA Dispute Resolution on behalf of a Marina Del Ray, CA couple alleging claims for violation of common law fraud, breach of fiduciary duty, negligence, and negligent supervision. The claim further alleges that Cetera Advisors, LLC unsuitably invested the client in the following:American Realty Capital IVAmerigas PartnersAperamArcelormittalBP PLCChesapeake EnergyChicago Bridge & Iron Co.Enerplus CorpFreeport-McMoran Inc.Greenbrier CompaniesLinn EnergyMainStreet Capital HoldingsOI SAPengrowth EnergyPowersharesTeekay Lng PartnersTotal S.A.TransoceanUnited States Natural Gas Fund ETFVale S.A.The claim seeks damages between $100,000 and $200,000."We believe there are many more investors who have suffered losses in oil and gas investments who just don't realize they have recourse, or may be unaware of any wrongdoing,"said D. Daxton White, managing partner of The White Law Group, a national securities fraud, securities arbitration, investor protection and securities regulatory/compliance law firm with offices in Chicago, Illinois and Vero Beach, Florida."Brokerage firms are required to supervise their advisors to ensure that they are complying with FINRA rules. If it can be determined that the financial advisor violated FINRA rules and the employers failed to adequately supervise him, these firms can be held responsible for any resulting losses in a FINRA arbitration claim."Before recommending an investment, a broker-dealer has a fiduciary duty to adequately disclose the risks involved in the investment and to perform the necessary due diligence to determine whether the investment is suitable for the investor. It is alleged that Cetera Advisors, LLC failed to perform the necessary due diligence on these investments prior to recommending them to these particular investors.Finally, it is alleged that George Merhoff was the financial advisor of record at the time of the investment recommendations. According to FINRA Broker Check, Merhoff has 10 (ten) customer complaints, including similar allegations of negligence, misrepresentation and unsuitable investments. According to FINRA Notice to Member 03-49, this puts Merhoff in the worst 0.22% percent of all financial advisors in terms of the number of customer complaints lodged against him.FINRA Dispute Resolution is an arbitration venue for investors with claims against their brokerage firm or financial professional. It provides investors with an opportunity to attempt to recoup their investment losses and is an alternative to filing such claims in court.For more information on the claim filed by The White Law Group, please contact the firm at 1-888-637-5510.The White Law Group is a national securities fraud, securities arbitration, and investor protection law firm with offices in Chicago, Illinois and Vero Beach, Florida. Please visit https://www.whitesecuritieslaw.com for more information.
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Brazen burglars who broke into a Derbyshire shop left insulting, sarcastic and obscene messages on walls before making off with cash and jewellery.
One bit of graffiti thanked the victims for their money.
Business owner Lynn Fearn, 60, has told of her shock after discovering what the raiders had done inside Labyrinth Therapy Rooms, in High Street, Swadlincote, over the bank holiday weekend.
The thieves caused extensive damage to the premises after, it is believed, gaining entry by climbing onto a roof and then kicking in a panel of the rear door.
Lynn said: "I was gob-smacked when I found out. The extent of the damage is unreal, and for what? A bit of cash? It's ridiculous."
Once inside they daubed two messages on walls and one on a clock. The two badly written messages in marker pen left on walls said 'thanks for the mone'.
One incorporated an obscene image. There was also one which appeared to goad the owner, written in pen on a clock it read: "you know what it is, ha ha". Another read: "Thank for cash".
Lynn, who lives in Newhall, says once inside the thieves took cushion covers from the settee inside the premises before covering up the CCTV cameras so their actions would not be captured on film.
One of these covers is still missing, which she believes might have been used to put the money in when the burglars made their getaway.
She said she would not know exactly how much has been stolen until she had spoken to all the therapists who are based at the premises as they each operate their own cash boxes.
She said: "It doesn't make any sense. People have asked me if someone could have a vendetta against me or if I have annoyed someone but I have no idea.
Lynn has had to cancel appointments while the police investigation goes on.
She said: "Not only have we had money stolen and damage done that will cost us to fix, we are also losing business.
"I have had to let clients down as we can't let anybody into the building - it's a crime scene."
She is now offering a reward to anyone who can help catch the crooks and has issued an appeal people to contact police with any information.
Lynn is hoping someone might recognise the handwriting or might have seen something suspicious in town when it happened and let detectives know.
She said: "I just hope someone out there recognises the handwriting or knows someone who all of a sudden has a lot more money than they did a few days ago.
"There is also a purple cushion cover and hammer with a yellow handle which are both missing so I really hope people will keen an eye out.
"Please come forward and tell either us or the police. We want to know who did this."
A spokesman for Derbyshire police said: "Labyrinth Therapy Rooms, in High Street, Swadlincote, was broken into between Saturday afternoon and Monday afternoon, by offenders who forced their way through a door at the back of the shop.
"An amount of cash and several items of jewellery were taken by the offenders, who also daubed graffiti on the walls of the premises.
"No arrests have been made an inquiry are ongoing. If anyone saw anything suspicious they should call us on 101 quoting crime reference number 18000244211."
We've launched our very own app for Android and Apple devices which can be tailored to deliver the news and sport that you're interested in.
To download the IOS app click here.
To download the Android app click here.
Social media trolls don't bother Ben Hunt.
Maroons half Ben Hunt. Source: Photosport
But the St George Illawarra playmaker admits he has been left devastated by Queensland's decision to deny him a shot at State of Origin redemption as Maroons No.7.
Hunt has been demoted to the bench for July 11's Origin III after his much criticised display as halfback in the Maroons' game two loss - mostly on social media.
Hunt copped plenty of heat from the haters after conceding Origin's first penalty try in 37 years in the 18-14 game two defeat in Sydney.
And he didn't hear the end of his third tackle grubber that went dead with Queensland on the attack, NSW a man down and the game on the line.
But that didn't hurt Hunt.
What did sting was Queensland coach Kevin Walters telling him Manly's polarising Daly Cherry-Evans would be wearing the No.7 jersey in Origin III.
"That was the thing I was disappointed about," Hunt told AAP.
"I believe I can do the job, that's how I felt. After the game I wanted to get another chance to show that I really can do it (halfback).
"I was denied the opportunity to show those people who doubt you that you can do it.
"(But) the social media part of it, I get a hiding on it all the time. I don't mind it - I can wash that away."
Also no stranger to a trolling, Cherry-Evans ended three years in the Origin wilderness - and rumours that he had fallen out with the Maroons - after answering a game three SOS as
Queensland look to avoid their first NSW whitewash since 2000.
Cherry-Evans has made it clear he has no plans to relinquish the Queensland halfback role now that he has finally got another chance at the age of 29.
But Hunt said he had not given up on wearing the Maroons No.7 jersey again.
"No, never. That's the position I like to play and I would like to be there one day. For now I am on the bench and I will do my job," Hunt said.
"But Cherry deserves his chance. Everyone knows he has been playing great footy for Manly and I am good mates with Cherry so I am happy for him.
"He's a good fella. He's come in and he's happy. I have known him for years.
"He's copped a fair bit of flack over the years but we are happy to have him here."
Hunt only got a spot in the Queensland game three side as bench utility because boom youngster Kalyn Ponga (hamstring) broke down.
April 28 NRG Energy Inc
* NRG Energy Inc says all 13 directors nominated by company were elected and each received affirmative vote of the majority of votes cast at Annual Meeting Source text (bit.ly/2qfpqyW) Further company coverage:
BEAUFORT, N.C. (WNCT) — A worker on the North River Bridge in Carteret County stole more than $100,000 worth of bridge construction materials and tools, the Carteret County Sheriff's Office said.
David Jonathan Reinhardt, 47, of Tampa, Florida, has been charged with two counts of felony larceny, two counts of possession of stolen property and thirteen counts of unauthorized use of a company vehicle.
Rienhardt was working at the North River Bridge job site as an employee of the Carolina Bridge Company.
At least 13 times, he used company vehicles, included four trips with an 18-wheeler, to take more than 1,100 feet of stolen aluminum bridge rail, 55 feet of metal piping, and other metal fittings and stolen bridge materials valued at over $100,000, the Sheriff's Office said.
Detectives said tools were also stolen on a daily basis after bridge workers shut down for the day.
Reinhardt lived in rental property near the bridge site, and deputies said he sold the bridge materials as scrap metal to a dealer in Craven County and sold the stolen tools to various spots in Jacksonville.
Reinhardt remains in the Carteret County Jail under a $35,300 bond and faces additional charges of obtaining property by false pretenses charges from Onslow and Craven counties.
Irish researchers have developed a new “biomaterial” capable of regenerating tissue and eliminating infections, especially those arising in hospital settings.
The breakthrough could also enable enhanced recovery for patients after a heart attack and those recovering from burns.
Researchers at Amber, the Science Foundation Ireland-funded materials science institute at the Royal College of Surgeons in Ireland, working in partnership with scientists at Trinity College Dublin and Eberhard Karls University in Germany, have made the “biohybrid” material.
In a paper published in the journal Advanced Materials, they outline its structure: a combination of the protein collagen (widely available in the human body) and graphene (the world's thinnest material and known to have unique mechanical and electrical properties). It responds to electrical stimuli (such as those from nerves, the spinal cord, heart, brain and muscles).
They underline its potential to improve quality of life for heart-attack survivors, where scar tissue build-up can decrease heart function, by bypassing damaged regions to restore functional activity.
For people with extensive nerve damage, there are currently limited options in terms of repairing nerve injuries extending beyond a small area. However, by combining a biomaterial with proven regenerative capacity, such as collagen, with a material that can carry an electrical stimulus, it may be possible to transmit electrical signals across damaged tissue, resulting in functional restoration of the affected area. This concept “may also have potential in regenerative capabilities of the spinal cord and other areas including the brain”.
‘Bacterial attachment'
The material also prevents “bacterial attachment”, a hugely favourable characteristic which can be applied in the development of next-generation antimicrobial medical devices. “The surface roughness of the material, induced by the introduction of graphene, causes bacterial walls to be burst while simultaneously allowing the heart cells to multiply and grow.”
Prof Fergal O'Brien, deputy director of Amber and lead investigator on the project, explained: “Many cells and tissues in the body are responsive to electrical stimulation, but electroconductive materials are limited because they may kill cells or cause infection.”
Despite progress in biomaterials science, there has been limited success in treating tissues of the heart and nervous system. There are currently no solutions for very large nerve defects and large areas of heart wall damage.
While researchers were “very excited” by the potential of this material for cardiac applications, “it might have potential in a number of other indications such as repairing damaged peripheral nerves or perhaps even spinal cord,” he said.
In a related but separate project, Cúram, the SFI Research Centre in Medical Devices, at NUI Galway, is to partner with five European institutions to develop new advanced therapies and technologies in skin regeneration for the treatment of burns and chronic wounds.
The €4 million NanoGrowSkin project will involve scientists working on developing an improved “chronic wound therapy” incorporating a “bioengineered human skin substitute, improving the manufacturing process, shortening the production time, and enhancing its treatment effectiveness”.
‘Main protective barrier'
Cúram director Prof Abhay Pandit, who will lead the NUIG elements of the project, said: “The skin is the main protective barrier the body has against any external attack. Any skin disease or injury needs to be treated immediately. The most common conditions are wounds, pressure ulcers and burns, and current treatments based on the use of skin grafts, or even on implanting skin originating from a donor, are associated with several problems.”
Until now, different types of artificial skin covers have been designed, although none of them has successfully reproduced the accurate structure and functions of the native human skin. “Moreover, they can also present some disadvantages, such as a high bacterial infection risk, low biological activity and low regenerative effectiveness,” he said.
“We aim to overcome the two major drawbacks of severe skin wounds: the urgent need of an effective skin implant in life-threatening situations and to avoid/counteract usual bacterial infections,” Prof Pandit added.
The research teams based in Ireland, Spain, Italy and France will use tissue engineering techniques including nanotechnology, to manufacture autologous material (from the patient's own body). It is a skin substitute comprised of materials whose safety and efficacy has already been proven in humans.
A former British soldier charged in connection with the fatal shooting of an unarmed man with learning difficulties in Northern Ireland has appealed to the prime minister to intervene to end his prosecution.
Army veteran Dennis Hutchings, 77, from Cawsand Torpoint in Cornwall, is charged in relation to the fatal shooting of John Pat Cunningham in disputed circumstances in Co Armagh in 1974.
The former soldier is reportedly unwell, suffering from heart and kidney conditions.
Mr Hutchings' lawyer, Philip Barden, has written to Theresa May on his behalf to say the retired soldier ‘needs your help', and to request a meeting, the Daily Mail reported.
The letter also expressed concern that politicians were “washing their hands of their responsibilities” to soldiers posted in Northern Ireland during the Troubles.
In his letter, Mr Barden described Mr Hutchings' treatment as “an unlawful denial of liberty and cause of mental distress … a form of torture.”
A bid to halt the trial was rejected at Belfast Crown Court earlier this month.
April 13 Medicenna Therapeutics Corp:
* Medicenna treats first patient in phase 2b recurrent glioblastoma trial
* Medicenna Therapeutics Corp - patient enrolment is expected to be completed before end of 2017
* Medicenna Therapeutics Corp - top-line results anticipated in first half of 2018
* Medicenna Therapeutics Corp - study will be conducted in approximately ten sites in united states Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
The Kogi State Police Command on Monday said seven persons have been arrested in connection with the assassination attempt on Senator Dino Melaye at his country home Aiyetoro-Gbede last Saturday.
Melaye escaped unhurt after gunmen invaded his house and shot sporadically. They also destroyed two vehicles and riddled the senator's building with bullets.
A source close to the state police command said a black jeep suspected to have been used for the operation, alongside a cache of ammunition was found at the Odokoro home of the administrator of Ijumu local government area of the state, Taofiq Isa, by the State Criminal Investigation Department (SCID).
The source added that the suspects were arrested at different locations, while the black jeep and the ammunition have been impounded by the state police command.
The post Police arrest seven over assassination attempt on Melaye appeared first on The Nation Nigeria.
The death has occurred of Michael “Kell” Ryan, brother of aviation pioneer Tony Ryan.
Mr Ryan (76) died suddenly in recent days in Cambridge, in southeast England, where he had been living for several years.
Younger brother of the Ryanair and Guinness Peat Aviation founder Tony, Mr Ryan built his career in the aviation sector. He initially worked for Aer Lingus, whose Heathrow operation he helped oversee, before his brother invited him to join Ryanair in 1986, a year after its launch.
He worked in senior management roles in a number of areas, including sales and marketing, at Ryanair, until he retired from the airline in 2004.
Since then he had worked in consultancy and public speaking. He was on the board of visitors of Embry-Riddle Aeronautical University in Daytona Beach, Florida, US.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Aston Villa FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
It's a cracker
Aston Villa midfielder Josh Onomah will have left Steve Bruce rubbing his hands with glee after scoring a stunning goal for England Under 21s against Scotland last night.
Onomah, on a season-long loan from Tottenham Hotspur, broke the deadlock in Middlesbrough with a goal of pure beauty.
Jordan wanted
Marseille are willing to pay Aston Villa just shy of £9m for Jordan Amavi in a permanent deal next summer, according to reports abroad.
Left-back Amavi headed back to his native France in July and has enjoyed a successful start in Ligue 1 - L'OM are third in the league behind Paris Saint-Germain and Monaco and won their opening Europa League match against Konyaspor.
Strict diet
When Tony Daley turns 50 later this month he'll reward himself with a rare day off.
“On my birthday I will be smashed!” he laughed.
First impressions
Scott Hogan has admitted that he hasn't met too many sharper individuals in football than Republic of Ireland and former Aston Villa assistant boss Roy Keane.
Hogan, who is preparing for tonight's crucial World Cup qualifying encounter against Moldova at the Aviva Stadium, has hooked up with the Ireland squad for the first time in his career, after missing out previously with long-term injuries.
Winning start
Aston Villa striker Ross McCormack got off to a winning start in his first game for Melbourne City.
McCormack made his debut as Melbourne kicked off their A-League campaign with a 2-0 victory over Brisbane Roar in front of a crowd of 9,589 at AAMI Park.
Teacher's pet
Ahmed Elmohamady has been described as a ‘manager's dream' by the man who has now recruited him THREE times.
Villa boss Steve Bruce swooped to sign the 30-year-old from his former club Hull City this summer and it's a move he's glad he pursued.
Predictions time
I hate to say I told you so. But I told you so!
At the start of September I predicted Villa would remain unbeaten throughout the month, picking up 14 points along the way.
Lee's on top
Step aside Steve Bruce, you were beaten by the better candidate this time out.
Not that the Villa boss will mind missing out on September's Manager of the Month gong.
(Adds debt relief deal prospects)
By Jan Strupczewski
BRUSSELS May 2 An agreement on Greek pension and income tax reforms reached on Tuesday morning paves the way for discussions on debt relief for Athens, the euro zone's bailout fund said, but it's unclear whether a debt-relief deal could be completed in May.
The agreement on Greek reforms allows experts representing euro zone lenders to recommend to euro zone finance ministers meeting on May 22 in Brussels that they sign off on a review of reforms required by the terms of Greece's bailout to disburse new loans.
It was also a condition for starting a discussion on medium-to-long-term debt relief for Athens, mainly in the form of extending maturities and grace periods for existing loans.
"This preliminary agreement will now be complemented by further discussions in the coming weeks on a credible strategy for ensuring that Greece's debt is sustainable," the fund said.
Greece will not have to start servicing any of the euro zone loans until 2023, so a debt-relief deal now is mainly to boost investor confidence in the country's long-term economic prospects. It will also score a win for the government, which polls have shown to be less popular than the opposition.
Debt relief would also allow the IMF to join the bailout, now shouldered only by euro zone governments, lending credibility to the programme in a move required by Germany.
The IMF said last month it wanted "a satisfactory assurance on a credible strategy" to restore Greek debt sustainability from the euro zone if it were to join the bailout, which euro zone officials said gave them some wiggle room.
"It does not call for a precise plan, but it wants to have a credible strategy to restore debt sustainability. That is what we are going to look at," one euro zone official said.
"Can this be decided before May 22? I don't really know, but I think that if the consensus is we don't need a detailed roadmap that provides for each individual step, but we need a strategy, it is more feasible, also given the constraints that Germany has with the upcoming elections," the official said.
"That's because that would be less of a decision and more of a vision of how get where you want to get in terms of debt sustainability. I don't know if it can be done by May 22 or not," the official said.
Officials said discussions on Greek debt relief would take place in various formats over the coming weeks, including at a meeting of G7 finance ministers in the Italian city of Bari on May 11-13.
Any debt relief offer would build on a promise by euro zone finance ministers from May 2016 to keep Greek gross financing costs below 15 percent of its annual economic output in the medium term and below 20 percent beyond that.
But it was likely to stay conditional, keeping the caveats that Greece first has to deliver on all reforms promised under the bailout and that a debt sustainability analysis has to show such debt relief was truly necessary.
"These two disclaimers, even though they may be worded differently, are unlikely to be completely removed," the official said.
"This is incremental. We will do it step by step. There is no grand design or somebody who knows already today what the outcome will be by May 22," the official said. (Reporting By Jan Strupczewski; editing by Robert-Jan Bartunek, Larry King)
They banged on Windows, screamed for help, dropped children from smoky floors in a desperate attempt to save them. Terrified residents of the Grenfell Tower said there was little warning of the inferno that engulfed their high-rise apartment building and left 12 people dead — a toll that officials said would almost certainly rise.
The blaze yesterday in the 24-story building in west London's North Kensington district also injured 79 others, 18 of them critically, and left an unknown number missing. A tenants' group had complained for years about the risk of a fire.
More than 200 firefighters worked through the night and were still finding pockets of fire inside later in the day. A huge plume of smoke wafted across the London skyline and left a burned-out hulk in the working class, multi-ethnic neighbourhood.
"In my 29 years of being a firefighter, I have never, ever seen anything of this scale," Fire Commissioner Dany Cotton said.
Up to 600 people lived in 120 apartments in the Grenfell Tower. After announcing the updated death toll of 12 in the afternoon, Cmdr. Stuart Cundy said that "we believe this number will sadly increase."
Crews rescued a total of 65 people, said Steve Apter, the fire brigade's director of safety and assurance.
Prime Minister Theresa May's office said she was "deeply saddened by the tragic loss of life" in the fire. Mayor Sadiq Khan said many questions must be answered about safety for the scores of other apartment blocks around the British capital.
The London Fire Brigade said it received the first reports of the blaze at 12:54 a.m. (local time) and the first engines arrived within six minutes.
Survivors told of frantic attempts to escape during the nighttime fire. Some initially feared it was terrorism-related, although authorities have not suggested that terrorism was involved.
"The flames, I have never seen anything like it. It just reminded me of 9/11," said Muna Ali, 45. "The fire started on the upper floors. ... Oh my goodness, it spread so quickly. It had completely spread within half an hour."
Samira Lamrani said she saw a woman drop a baby from a window on the ninth or 10th floor to people on the sidewalk.
"People were starting to appear at the windows, frantically banging and screaming," Lamrani told Britain's Press Association news agency.
When the woman indicated she was going to drop the infant, "a gentleman ran forward and managed to grab the baby," she added.
Joe Walsh, 58, said he saw someone toss two children out a window on the fifth or sixth floor. Tiago Etienne, 17, said he saw about three children between the ages of 4 and 8 being dropped from around the 15th floor. There was no word on their fate.
Other residents told harrowing tales of their own escapes and frustration at not being able to help neighbours.
Ruks Mamudu, 69, said she ran to safety down one flight of stairs to the ground floor from her apartment wearing only her purple pajamas and bathrobe. She and her grandson sat outside the building, helplessly watching those trapped on higher floors.
"I sat there watching my house burn down and watching people cry for help who couldn't come down," Mamudu said.
Nassima Boutrig, who lives across from the building, said she was awakened by sirens and smoke so thick that it filled her home as well.
"We saw the people screaming," she said. "A lot of people said, 'Help! Help! Help!' The fire brigade could only help downstairs. ... They couldn't stop the fire."
Resident Hamid Wahbi said that as he fled through the smoke, he asked about a neighbour's father but was told he was still inside.
"We tried to go back, but it was all black, so I had to come out of the building," Wahbi added.
There was no immediate word on the cause of the blaze, but the Grenfell Action Group has been warning about the risk of fire at Grenfell Tower since 2013.
Fire alams failed to ring
Edward Daffarn, who lived on the 16th floor, said the building's fire alarm didn't ring. He said residents had complained for years to Kensington and Chelsea Council about the building's safety, to no avail.
"I'm lucky to be alive. A neighbour's smoke alarm went off and another neighbour phoned and told me to get out," Daffarn said. "I consider this mass murder."
The Action Group expressed concerns about the testing and maintenance of firefighting equipment and blocked emergency access to the site. In a blog on November 20, the activist group predicted that only "a catastrophic event" leading to "serious loss of life" would bring the outside scrutiny needed to make conditions safe for residents.
"All our warnings fell on deaf ears and we predicted that a catastrophe like this was inevitable," the group said after the fire broke out.
The Kensington and Chelsea Council, which oversees the area where the fire occurred, said in a statement its immediate focus was helping victims and their families. It said the cause of the blaze would be "fully investigated."
Authorities warned about fire risk in the 1970s building
Built in the 1970s, the housing block was recently upgraded at a cost of 10 million pounds ($12.8 million), with work finishing in May 2016, according to the local council. Rydon, the British company that did the refurbishing, said in a statement that its work "met all required building control, fire regulation and health and safety standards."
Britain's government ordered checks at tower blocks going through similar refurbishment amid concerns that renovations at the Grenfell Tower contributed to the spread of the blaze. It was not immediately known if the building had a sprinkler system.
Authorities will "seek to identify towers that might have a similar process of refurbishment, run a system of checks so that we can, as quickly as possible, give reassurance to people," said Policing and Fire Minister Nick Hurd.
For those who fancy a change from the classic poinsettias, gift orchids and bold hippeastrums which so many of us display during the festive season, here are three alternative houseplants which should last through Christmas and beyond.
1. Evergreen azalea
Red azalea tree (Suttons/PA)
Small pot-grown evergreen azaleas are bought in their thousands over the Christmas period, and are great for gardeners who don't have acid soil and can't grow them outside.
Favourites include the white-flowered forms of Rhododendron simsii – the Indian Azalea – which will be smothered in elegant blooms for many weeks.
White azalea pyramid (Suttons/PA)
To keep them looking their best, choose a cool but well-lit spot and make sure the compost doesn't dry out.
Azaleas dislike being kept inside for long periods of time, so you could try transferring them to a sheltered position in the garden once the weather warms up, making sure they are re-potted into a container filled with ericaceous compost.
2. Cyclamen
Colourful cyclamen (Hannah Stephenson/PA)
These delicate-looking beauties come in a huge range of colours, from white to deep purple, and some garden centres are now stocking giant versions.
However, often gardeners have trouble with them as they can turn black and collapse within a short time if they don't have the right conditions. They will die if they are left in warm, dark places or overwatered – yet if given the right treatment, they are potentially long-lived.
Cyclamen are particular about where they are placed (Dobbies/PA)
When you bring a cyclamen home, place it in a bright, cool position (13-18C) in the house. They will do well on or near south and west-facing windowsills in the winter. Water plants from the bottom by standing the container in water. If you must water from the top, don't pour water directly on to the tuber.
3. Christmas cactus
Christmas cactus (Suttons/PA)
These undemanding plants provide a burst of vivid colour and a touch of the tropics to windowsills during the worst of the winter weather, with flowers emerging from their branching and arching stems which are tooth-edged.
The Zygocactus truncatus (Schlumbergera truncata), its technical name, is generally bought from garden centres in bud and blooms between mid November and late January, depending on the variety you buy.
Christmas cactus in bud (Hannah Stephenson/PA)
You can get them in white, pink, red or purple. Water them at the roots, rather than directly into the compost. Pour water into the base you are resting the pot in and water thoroughly when the compost begins to dry out. Just before flowering, the plants should be kept cool and dryish until the flower buds form, and then you can increase water and temperature.
“Don't water it for six weeks after it has finished blooming, giving it time to rest, and when new growth appears, repot with new topsoil and be careful to not put it anywhere where it will suffer from either a hot radiator or a cold draught.”
They can be placed outside in the summer in a shady spot and should be protected from slugs.
© Press Association 2017
Here is our guide to some of the events coming up in and around Northamptonshire this week.
1 MUSICAL
The Band, Royal & Derngate, Northampton, May 29-June 9
For five 16-year-old girls in 1992, the band is everything. Twenty five years on, we are reunited with this group of friends as they try once more to fulfil their dream of meeting their heroes Featuring the music of Take That including songs Never Forget, Back For Good and Relight My Fire.
www.royalandderngate.co.uk
2 THEATRE
Education Education Education, Royal & Derngate, Northampton, May 29-June 2
Miss Belltop-Doyle can't control her Year 9s, Mr Pashley has been put in charge of a confiscated tamagotchi and for some reason Princess Anne is attending the Year 11 leavers assembly. Tobias, the German language assistant, watches on. Things can only get better…
www.royalandderngate.co.uk
3 ART
In Another Place,, NN Contemporary Art, Northampton, until July 1
Dylan Fox's work explores his experiences of transitioning gender, spanning printed matter, sound, found objects, moving image and the dialogical. Freee Art Collective produces slogans, billboards and publications that challenge the commercial and bureaucratic colonisation of the public sphere of opinion
formation. Sarah Taylor Silverwood's image will act as a GIANT small ad asking artists to become part of an exhibition whilst simultaneously advertising the show and being an artwork in its own right.
www.nncontemporaryart.org
4 THEATRE
Dear Zoo, Lighthouse Theatre, Kettering, May 31-June 1
Rod Campbell's best-selling lift the flap book has delighted generations of young readers since it was first published in 1982. And has sold more than 8 million copies worldwide.
www.lighthousetheatre.co.uk
5 MUSICAL
Cats, The Core at Corby Cube, May 31-June 2
A trio of unlikely performers set out on an adventure across the Australian outback in a battered old bus named Priscilla, searching for dreams and friendship, but discovering much more…
www.thecorecorby.com
6 THEATRE
Murder by Misadventure, Southfields Primary School, Brackley, May 31-June 1
Harold Kent and his lovely wife Emma, live in a top floor apartment of a cliff top block of flats overlooking the sea. For Harold, life as a TV thriller writer has been very rewarding over the past 10 years but dissatisfaction with his co writer, Paul Riggs, is causing friction
www.brackleyplayers.org.uk
7 MUSIC
Lionel Richie, Franklin's Gardens, Northampton, June 1
Fans will be able to enjoy timeless hits and sing along to classics such as Lady, Truly, Dancing on the Ceiling, Say You Say Me, Hello and All Night Long. It is his first performance in the UK since 2016.
www.northamptonsaints.co.uk
8 MUSIC
Paul Lamb and the King Snakes, Castle Theatre, Wellingborough, June 2
The band delivers outstanding blues with an amazing onboard performance, to delight one and all. Expect a wonderful mix of real blues, boogie and swing.
www.castletheatre.co.uk
9 THEATRE
The Owl and the Pussycat, The Core at Corby Cube, June 3
Join Owly-cat and fellow family members, Jumblie and Quangle Wangle Quee, in a story inspired by the nonsense world of Edward Lear. The spongetaneous trio travel to the dolomphious land where the bong tree grows, learning all about the creatures who live there and their curious habits. Will this meloobious family return together, will they always be a three?
www.thecorecorby.com
10 MUSIC
Cilla and the Shades of 60s, Castle Theatre, Wellingborough, June 5
The effervescent Victoria Jones and the gorgeous Shades trio rediscover one of music's most defining eras. They follow the life andcareer of the iconic Cilla Black while their stories reflect on some of the biggest 60s stars. Featuring brand-new arrangements of music from artists including the Beatles and Dusty Springfield.
www.castletheatre.co.uk or 01933 270007
by
As a baby boomer, as I look back at 2016, I am both excited and a bit discombobulated to have witnessed two major milestones in our nation's history. First, this was the year when we, the boomers, ceased to be the nation's largest living generation. According to population estimates released recently by the U.S. Census Bureau, Millennials, defined as those aged 19-36, now number 75.4 million. We, the boomers (ages 52-70) are now just behind them at 74.9 million. It is interesting to note that Generation X (ages 37-51) is projected to pass the Boomers in population by 2028. Tomorrow clearly belongs to these younger Americans. But, don't write us boomers off just yet. We and the Millennials have much to teach to and learn from each other. As has always been the case, we are stronger together than apart.
As for the second milestone, the jury will be out for quite a while whether it is a positive, negative, or neutral development in our nation's history. I am talking about the end of the American political order as we know it. We might as well throw any rule book we may have had about how we select, elect, and appoint folks to lead our country. It is an entirely new game. I am a strong advocate for change in all walks of life. In general, change is good for us. It keeps us innovating and learning. Sometimes change can be gradual and other times abrupt. This change might have been a long time coming but the actual disruption we are observing now happened quite abruptly. For us boomers, some of the consequences of this change might not be so welcome. If I had any say, I would counsel these new generation of leaders to phase in some of these changes slowly so no one is too adversely impacted. Then again, I am an eternal optimist. I know that we live in a great country and, in time, all will be well.
Here are a few other milestones we observed this past year:
The percentage of American women in the workforce has passed 57 percent in 2016. These women are not quitters. In fact, the percentage of 70-plus women who are still working is expected to rise from 30 percent today to 39 percent by 2024.
The number of minority babies born exceeded majority babies in 2016. In just a few short years, America will be a minority majority nation. In fact, there will be no single group exceeding 50% of the population. This process of this change will prove to be somewhat rocky. In the long run, this too will make our nation stronger and better. As Mr. Spock of Star Trek fame said, “We rejoice in our differences!”
On another front, in 2016, a majority of Baby Boomers were on record saying that they are accepting of different lifestyles, even gay marriage, whether they are Democrat or Republican. This is especially interesting, since us boomers remain as divided politically as the rest of the nation. Almost as many people turning 70 this year said they were Republican (36 percent) as say they were Democrat (38 percent).
On the health front, us boomers can expect 15 more years of life than our grand parents' generation. We are reaping a bounty of medical advances in areas like heart disease and cancer treatment. And, thanks largely to improvements in health care and pharmaceuticals, our bonus years can often be lived in a disease-free body.
Finally, we are now approaching our 90th month of recovery since the last recession. 2016 has been the best year of this long recovery period. Most economists expect the good times to continue for at least another year. But, please do not throw caution to the wind. Timing economic slowdowns is very hard to do. What we do know, however, is that they do follow times of recovery, just as night follows day. Being prepared is always a good thing. As David Bowie said, “Tomorrow belongs to those who can hear it!” I am already turning up the volume of my hearing aid….
Dr. Memo Diriker is the Founding Director of the Business, Economic, and Community Outreach Network (BEACON). BEACON is the premier business and economic research and consulting unit of the Franklin P. Perdue School of Business at Salisbury University. BEACON is home to the award winning Community Visioning, ShoreTRENDS, GraySHORE, ShoreENERGY, GNAppWorks, and Bienvenidos a Delmarva initiatives and a proud partner of the GeoDASH initiative.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Shock footage allegedly showing boxer Amir Khan performing a sex act has been leaked online.
The X-rated clip reportedly shows the former world champion boxer chatting with a female model on Skype.
Former Olympian Khan is allegedly seen performing a sex act during the footage.
The incident is alleged to have happened weeks after his wedding to Faryal Makhdoom in 2013.
The footage, published on a major US porn website, reportedly features an American woman from Arizona.
It's claimed that three other X-rated videos have been offered for sale to porn websites at the same time.
A source told The Sun: "This is a mortifying moment for Amir.
"He's a Muslim boxer and his personal life is under the microscope right now, so the timing couldn't be worse.
"There had been rumours about these videos for years but now anyone who wants to view them on the internet for free can do so."
This is the latest drama surrounding Khan, who has been embroiled in a very public argument between his wife and his family for months.
The boxer - who has family links to Birmingham - has threatened to cut his wife and parents out of his life over the public rows.
The fall-out came after Faryal posted a picture of her naked brother in law on social media amid claims his family were bullying her.
Faryal has spoken out about the abuse, saying she has been subjected to a tirade of abuse, and accused the Khans of trying to destroy her marriage.
* High volumes in Abu Dhabi sign of positive sentiment
* Newly merged lender share soar 10.7 pct since official tie-up
* Dubai up for sixth consecutive session
* Oil over $54.5 boosts petrochemical shares in Saudi
* CIB buoys Egypt, but other shares fall on profit taking
By Celine Aswad
DUBAI, April 5 Stock markets in the Middle East firmed on Wednesday with Abu Dhabi outperforming its peers for a second day as institutional investors targeted blue chips, while crude oil near a one month high boosted Saudi Arabia.
Abu Dhabi's index climbed 2.0 percent on the back of a 4.1 percent jump in shares of newly merged lender First Abu Dhabi Bank. It has now soared by 10.7 percent since Sunday, when the National Bank of Abu Dhabi and First Gulf Bank tie up became official in very high volumes.
Farid Samji, head of asset management at Dubai-based Daman Investment, attributed the exceptionally high volumes to the inflow from the change of weighting in the emerging market indexes, including the MSCI Emerging Market index and the FTSE secondary emerging market index.
"But that alone does not explain the spike in turnover, the other factor is that people are taking a positive view on the stock because of the synergies post the merger and those who sold ahead of the combination are now returning to buy," Samji said.
The positive mood spilled into other blue chips lenders. Abu Dhabi Commercial Bank climbed 1.3 percent in above one-month average daily volume.
"Volumes give a sense of optimism," said Samji.
In neighbouring Dubai, the index rose 0.4 percent, it is sixth consecutive session of gains, as most blue chips outperformed their smaller peers. Emaar Properties climbed 0.9 percent, but a 4.5 percent slump in Emirates Integrated Telecommunication (du) restrained gains as its shares went ex-dividend on Wednesday.
In Saudi Arabia, all but one of the 13 listed petrochemical producers rose, helping lift the index 0.9 percent higher. Yanbu National Petrochemical jumped 3.5 percent.
Shares of electronics retailer United Electronics, the first company to report first quarter results, jumped 7.4 percent after the company swung to a net profit of 12.9 million riyals ($3.44 million), compared to a loss of 45.9 million riyals in the prior year period.
The company estimated total sales for the first quarter to have increased 8.3 percent to 805 million riyals compared to the same period last year.
Egypt's index closed 0.2 percent higher at 13,290 points, but 117 points off its intra-day high. The only share on that index that closed higher was Commercial International Bank , which added 0.9 percent.
Most other shares wiped out gains from earlier in the day. Investment firm EFG Hermes closed down 1.5 percent to 25.59 Egyptian pounds ($1.42), after hitting a session high of 26.45 pounds.
WEDNESDAY'S HIGHLIGHTS
SAUDI ARABIA
* The index rose 0.9 percent to 7,051 points.
DUBAI
* The index added 0.4 percent to 3,573 points.
ABU DHABI
* The index jumped 2.0 percent to 4,641 points.
QATAR
* The index rose 0.7 percent to 10,467 points.
KUWAIT
* The index added 0.6 percent to 7,060 points.
EGYPT
* The index edged up 0.2 percent to 13,290 points.
BAHRAIN
* The index edged up 0.2 percent to 1,351 points. ($1 = 3.7502 riyals) ($1 = 18.0300 Egyptian pounds)
(Editing by Jon Boyle)
SEOUL: Flamboyant basketball star Dennis Rodman handed over a copy of Donald Trump's “The Art of the Deal” to a North Korean minister on Thursday, along with a whole host of other off-the-wall goodies.
The eccentric ex-Chicago Bulls player is shown in video and photos presenting the North's Sports Minister Kim Il Guk with a copy of the book by Trump, who was Rodman's boss when he appeared on the “Celebrity Apprentice” reality TV show.
Rodman, wearing green nail varnish, also gave the minister a copy of “Where's Waldo? The Totally Essential Travel Collection”, along with some soap, and two autographed jerseys.
The “Where's Waldo?” series—known in some parts of the world as “Where's Wally?”— feature very busy cartoon pictures where the reader has to find the main character. He is often hiding in a crowd or behind objects.
A review of “The Totally Essential Travel Collection” on Amazon.co.uk says it “is a great tool for learning about different cultures, various historical events and for expanding your child's geographical knowledge”.
Rodman arrived in the isolated North Korean capital Tuesday on a mission he said he believed US President Donald Trump would be “pretty happy” about, adding he was trying to accomplish something that “we both need.”
US officials have repeatedly said Rodman is traveling to North Korea as a private citizen, despite media speculation he is working as an unofficial emissary for Trump.
There was no indication in the video, released by the AP news agency, as to whether the copy of Trump's book was signed by the US president.
‘Friend for life'
Rodman's visit is at least his fifth trip to the Stalinist state. He was most recently there in 2014 when he attracted a deluge of criticism after being filmed singing happy birthday to his “friend for life,” leader Kim Jong-Un.
The 56-year-old NBA Hall of Famer, who was heavily criticized for failing to raise the plight of a jailed US missionary on a previous trip, said discussing detained US citizens was “not my purpose” with his most recent visit.
He arrived the same day that American student Otto Warmbier was released from detention by North Korea “on humanitarian grounds” and evacuated to the US, with his family saying he had apparently been in a coma for over a year.
US officials have said Rodman, who routinely distances himself from political events in North Korea, had nothing to do with Warmbier's release.
So far on his trip, according to the video footage released Thursday, Rodman has met with North Korean athletes, including watching a men's basketball team play.
“All of you guys should be proud of yourselves, because, you know, a lot of people don't give you guys credit, because this is such a small country, and not many people from North Korea can compete around the world,” Rodman told the North Korean athletes, according to the video footage.
“But for you guys to come back here in your country, with a medal, that says a lot about North Korea, because people don't really take North Korea so seriously about sports,” he added.
The player nicknamed “The Worm” is one of the few Westerners to have met Kim, who took over following the death of his father Kim Jong-Il in 2011.
It is not clear whether Rodman, who once dated Madonna and was married to model and actress Carmen Electra, will be meeting Kim Jong-Un. He has met Kim on some but not all of his previous trips. AFP
For the first time since 2011, the Los Angeles Rams are favored against the Seattle Seahawks. It's only a one-point spread, but the fact that Los Angeles is the favorite in this one says a lot.
That doesn't mean the Rams are a lock to win, however. They're far from it. Seattle remains a legitimate Super Bowl contender, and even though the game is in L.A., there will hardly be a home-field advantage.
Here are the Rams' biggest concerns for Sunday's game.
Russell Wilson's mobility
Let's get one thing straight: Seattle's offensive line is awful – maybe the worst in the league. It's given Wilson no time to throw all year, forcing him to leave the pocket well before he'd like to. That's a problem for the Seahawks, but it also presents a challenge for Los Angeles.
Wilson is outstanding when he escapes the pocket, not only making plays with his legs, but he always keeps his eyes downfield. It allows him to make big plays with his receivers freelancing, putting cornerbacks in a bind coverage-wise.
The Rams will have to contain Wilson and keep him in the pocket as much as possible. When he breaks containment, he's at his best.
A disproportionate rate of pedestrian tickets were written by the sheriff's department in Jacksonville, causing many people to question the motives of law enforcement.
Having a great discussion about implicit bias and criminal justice here at EWC.#myjaxbar pic.twitter.com/uBrJkzOQ0W — Jacksonville Bar Association (@myjaxbar) March 15, 2018
A Florida sheriff is now admitting that racism may have played a role in his city's disproportionate citation of pedestrian tickets to people of color.
During a forum on justice bias in Jacksonville, Florida, a number of citizens brought up an observation they have made that suggests racism led to many black individuals getting ticketed more than their white counterparts. Indeed, while blacks make up just 29 percent of Jacksonville's residents, they account for 55 percent of the city's pedestrian tickets, according to reporting from ProPublica.
Pressed by members of the audience who observed this incommensurate disparity, Jacksonville Sheriff Mike Williams finally conceded, after months of denying, that racial bias could have had a role in the tickets that were handed out to black individuals versus whites.
After a heated back-and-forth with a community activist, Williams stated racist attitudes could have had an impact.
“Could it have anything to do with implicit bias? Of course it could,” he said.
Williams also stated his belief that other factors were at play — citing structural forces, like the fact that more black citizens use public transportation than whites, that could have explained the disproportionate numbers.
But implicit bias is more real than Williams seems willing to admit. There are several examples of bias resulting in a black person's arrest throughout the nation that seem to suggest that personal biases, rather than institutional ones, play a larger role.
Law enforcement agencies across the nation need to do more to combat implicit biases of their personnel. The Jacksonville sheriff's department in particular needs to do more to fix its own problems, which are apparent to many people in the community but only visible to some of the people in charge after much wrangling.
Williams made a good first step in conceding that bias may play a role — but he needs to take many more steps forward and determine a course of action that will remedy the problems in his jurisdiction.
(John Kemp is a Reuters market analyst. The views expressed are his own)
* Chart 1: tmsnrt.rs/2nvXl0M
* Chart 2: tmsnrt.rs/2nvXjWI
* Chart 3: tmsnrt.rs/2nvHjUK
* Chart 4: tmsnrt.rs/2n3ZlCa
By John Kemp
LONDON, April 3 Hedge funds have continued liquidating their large bullish position in crude amid doubts about the pace and timing of any rebalancing in the oil market.
Hedge funds' net position in Brent and WTI has been cut to 642 million barrels, down from a record 951 million barrels on Feb. 21 (tmsnrt.rs/2nvXl0M).
The spread of risks between further long liquidation and new short covering now looks more balanced than at any point since OPEC's production deal was announced at the end of November.
Hedge funds and other money managers cut their net long position in the three major futures and options contracts linked to Brent and WTI by a further 41 million barrels in the week to March 28.
Fund managers have cut their net long position for five consecutive weeks by the equivalent of 309 million barrels, according to an analysis of records published by exchanges and regulators (tmsnrt.rs/2nvXjWI).
Managers have reversed more than half of the extra 529 million barrels of net long positions accumulated between the middle of November and the middle of February.
Hedge funds have cut long positions by 170 million barrels over the last five weeks while adding 139 million barrels of extra short ones.
The result is that the ratio of long to short positions in Brent and WTI has fallen to 3.7:1, down from a recent high of 10.3:1 on Feb. 21 (tmsnrt.rs/2nvHjUK).
The build up of a record concentration of hedge fund long positions prior to Feb. 21 became a major downside risk to oil prices in January and February (“Hedge fund positioning in oil looks stretched”, Reuters, Feb. 7).
The liquidation of long positions and establishment of fresh shorts likely contributed to the sharp drop in oil prices starting on March 8.
But by the end of March 28, the previous congestion of hedge fund long positions in the oil market seems to have dissipated.
The squaring up of positions coincided with an easing of persistent selling pressure, with Brent and WTI prices staging a modest recovery from March 28 through March 31 (tmsnrt.rs/2n3ZlCa).
With most but not all long positions liquidated, and a moderate number of short positions already in the market, the outlook for oil prices now appears more balanced than at any time in the last three months. (Editing by Susan Thomas)
By Victor Ahiuma-Young
ABUJA—UNITED Labour Congress of Nigeria, ULC, has demanded thorough investigation of N30 billion fraud allegedly perpetrated by the last board of Nigeria Social Insurance Trust Fund, NSITF.
While commending the Minister of Labour and Employment, Senator Chris Ngige on his decision to probe the NSITF and unearth the rot said to have been going on for years, ULC, however warned that the issue must not be swept under the carpets, but that culprits must be brought to book.
A statement by ULC's General Secretary, Comrade Didid Adodo, reads in part: “ULC wishes to state categorically that we support this probe and any other action the Honourable Minister will take to sanitize the agency and make it fulfill the aims and objectives of its existence. Hearing the rot and the plundering that has taken place in that agency is enough for any right thinking organization and comrades to support a major probe that will not only unearth what has taken place but to also bring the perpetrators to justice.
‘'This Fund which was set up to bring sucour to the working class has been looted over the years making it unable to fulfill the reason for its establishment. The current probe is therefore a welcome one and we hope that after the probe, NSITF will be put in proper shape to deliver on its mandate. We call on government to do a detailed investigation on the fraud in NSITF and Trustfund, as no stone should be left unturned. These two bodies have workers' funds, their life savings and in this era of fight against corruption, there should be no sacred cow.”
Corroborating the General Secretary, ULC Deputy President, Comrade Igwe Achese, demanded to know the roles representatives of Labour and Private sector on the board of NSITF played in the alleged fraud, saying: “the probe should be extended to the Board members that served in the last tenure and that they should be arrested by the EFCC and relevant security agency for prosecution.
‘'We need to know roles and actions of all the Board members, including the representative of Labour when the fraudulent activities took place as they were supposed to represent workers interest.''
If the representatives of Labour were involved, Nigerian workers should rise up against the Board members for not protecting their hard-earned life-savings.”
He added that “the Board members did not do well in protecting the workers savings, which led to the high magnitude of fraud and embezzlement, therefore, they should be made to face the wrath of the law.”
April 20 China Overseas Grand Oceans Group Ltd :
* Group turnover was approximately HK$3,495 million for three months ended 31 March 2017
* The contracted property sales for the quarter amounted to approximately HK$4,368 million
* Operating profit for quarter was approximately HK$430 million Source text (bit.ly/2pV6DVO) Further company coverage:
The former Bayer Leverkusen chairman Wolfgang Holzhäuser is the most recent figure to propose reform to the Bundesliga in order to prevent potential competitive stagnation.
German domestic football has been undeniably dominated by Bayern Munich, as the Bavarian club have regularly won the title since the league's inception in the 1960s. In total, they have won a record 27 league titles and look set to record their sixth successive title in 2018 as they currently sit 13 points clear at the top of the table.
Whilst this does not necessarily look different to other European leagues, as Manchester City sit a similar distance clear at the top of the English Premier League, Bayern Munich have enjoyed a historical dominance unlike any other team in European football. Borussia Dortmund have been Bayern's closest rivals, as they have won eight league titles – 19 trophies behind Munich.
Other European leagues are clearly more competitive. In England, Manchester United hold the record number of titles with Liverpool only two behind, whilst in Spain Real Madrid are the record holders with 33 titles as Barcelona trail them on 24.
It would be wrong to suggest that other teams have not generally dominated their respective leagues across Europe, as the likes of Manchester United, Real Madrid and Juventus have had similar dominance domestically. Bayern Munich, however, represent a unique case due to the lack of permanent competitive opposition.
In many ways, the potential competitive stagnation of the German league is a great credit to the five-time European Champions from Bavaria. The likes of Borussia Dortmund and Bayer Leverkusen had their purple patches in the 20th century but have never really been able to pose a permanent challenge to Bavaria's dominance.
It's true that it's not possible to handicap Bayern Munich or restrict their footballing power, but Holzhäuser believes he knows how to create a more competitive scenario in Germany.
The former Leverkusen chairman has suggested that the Bundesliga should adopt a play-off style finale to each league season. This would not be an unprecedented move, as the American MLS already employs such a system and the Bundesliga itself has a play-off system to decide the final spot of relegation and promotion.
The new system, as Holzhäuser suggests, would have the top four teams at the end of the season play knock-out matches and then ultimately a final and third-place play-off.
There are some clear drawbacks to this proposal. It would arguably negate the competitiveness of the league further, as it would no longer matter to teams like Munich and Dortmund whether they came in first or fourth place.
Play-off systems have also been criticised for not producing a fair outcome, as the team that performs the best over a domestic campaign may end up without the title. The MLS and sports such as American Football and Rugby League, however, run this system without problem.
Logistically, this change also poses more problems, as television coverage and fixture congestion must be considered.
These problems, however, should not rule out the change – the Bundesliga already has fewer games per season than the English Premier League and more television rights could provide the top German clubs with revenue that they need to compete with the spending power of other European giants.
Ultimately, there is no guarantee that a reform to the league structure would have any impact on Bayern Munich's dominance at all. The reality is that Bayern Munich is by far the biggest German football club – they should expect to win the knock-out games against whichever team they come up against.
The changes proposed in this article may not be the final answer to challenging competitive stagnation in the Bundesliga, yet it is clear that Bayern Munich's dominance will not be challenged unless there is a change to the league structure.
Image courtesy of Tsutomu Takasu
UPDATE 2-U.S. shipping terminal reopens after 'dirty bomb' threat
June 15 A terminal at the Port of Charleston in South Carolina will reopen and the safety zone has been lifted, the U.S. Coast Guard said on Thursday, after investigating a threat of a "dirty bomb" on a container ship.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
West Brom's never-say-die spirit under Darren Moore came to the fore as the Baggies fought back from two goals down to salvage a point against Liverpool.
The Champions League semi-finalists looked home and hosed thanks to goals from Danny Ings and Mohamed Salah.
But Albion refused to lie down and hit back through Jake Livermore's first goal of the season and an 89th minute header from Salomon Rondon.
The Baggies remain unbeaten under Moore's caretaker charge and look increasingly like they will go down fighting.
Here are five things we learned.
Albion have Liverpool's number:
They might be Champions League semi-finalists, but the Reds just can't find a way past the Baggies,
They've faced each other three times this season and Liverpool have failed to win any of them.
Further proof, were it needed, that Albion can be a match on their day.
Somewhat frustratingly, they haven't had anywhere near enough of those 'days'.
It shouldn't have come as a surprise:
This result will have shocked many.
Especially with the Baggies trailing by two goals with only
But West Brom have form against Liverpool and Liverpool have form of struggling against struggling teams.
The Reds have won only one of four Premier Leagues games this season against teams that started the day bottom of the table.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Hegazi might be in trouble:
Lord only knows what was going through Ahmed Hegazi's mind when he aimed a little dig at Danny Ings as he lay on the pitch after the pair had challenged for the ball.
It would be hard to class it as even a punch.
More a push, with clenched fist, into Ings' midriff.
A tame blow that would not have urt Ings half as much as he made out.
But one that could elicit retrospective action, and potentially a ban, if reviewed by the Football Association.
The FA can take that step if, as was the case here, the referee misses the incident.
Hegazi could be hit with a three-game ban if found guilty of violent conduct.
Jonny's no fan favourite
Withdrawing James McClean, after a typically exhaustive performance from the Irishman, did not go down well with the home fans who ackowledged his efforts.
But it was the identity of his replacement that really irked the Albion faithful.
Jonny Evans came on as Darren Moore went with five at the back.
The Northern Irishman, a member of the infamous 'Cab Four' out in Spain, was roundly booed.
And not by a small section of the home fans.
By a large number of Baggies fans who, it would seem, can't wait to see the back of him when he almost inevitably moves on in the summer.
Albion are not going down quietly:
Alan Pardew wanted to save the Baggies, but if they were to get relegated on his watch, he wanted them to go down fighting rather than "with a whimper".
It will be certainly be the former under Big Dave who has clearly got the players pulling in one direction and believing in each other.
With each passing week and positive result, the board's decision to stick with Pardew and not show faith in Moore becomes more and more painful and no less frustrating.
Where might the Baggies be had Pardew walked sooner?
Nat Torkington has been active in web development since the early days of the web. He wrote the bestselling Perl Cookbook, and chaired conferences for O'Reilly Media for a decade. During his time at O'Reilly Media, Nat was an editor and then became a trend-spotter for the O'Reilly Radar group, identifying the topics to build events and books around. He has worked in areas as diverse as networking, publishing, science, edtech, and NLP. He now lives in New Zealand, where he runs Kiwi Foo Camp and helps startups grow.
The War Against Website That Writes Essays for You
Simply take time to look at a specific thesis or conclusion that it is possible to say in your newspaper. Build your thesis to the paper you'll be writing. Then you definitely should be qualified to compose my own newspaper such that you have to possess achieved the minimal qualifications to compose my own paper nicely. Writing research-paper could possibly be challenging undertaking to numerous college students. So, its imperative that you simply focus your research document so that you receive the idea across. A great Spanish customized research-paper also has to be well structured and coordinated. The most effective Spanish custom made research paper is one which has been researched and which conveys content that is relevant.
Once you figure out how to focus your study paper, then you are getting to get paper people wish to see. A great research paper writing company is just a outstanding corporation that supplies pupils with internet search paper help. Our Spanish personalized research newspapers are provided by very fair prices and could be accessible. It will be potential to buy Spanish customized analysis papers in a very reasonable cost. All composition and paper writing instructions will be equally so you're making a statement about a few problems and showcasing temporarily what will be discussed across the remainder of the newspaper.
Any academic paper hints Thus, just in case you still wish to make an effort to manage your paper on your personal computer, the following you have few intriguing and really useful information. Producing a term paper isn't a exact simple task. It is a project which they may handle really readily and so they will provide immediate service for your requirements personally. We, you'll also get hints on creating a word paper by the expression newspaper samples and examples which people'll supply you. Purchase essay and receive expert writer the perfect paper that you will require. Composing Spanish personalized research paper isn't among the easiest tasks in academics. A well crafted Spanish custom generated research paper also has to become well mentioned and should really have alist of reference in the finish of the document.
Our site enables you to cover your essays having a charge card or PayPal balance. Our site is simply a just click. The site supplies you with an issue on which you have to go started producing your own essay . This website assembles academic tutorials from the other aspect of the Web, and pupils may find nearly every thing there. A number of help for writing essays the internet web site will assist you write and willing to offer critical hints therefore that you can test here as a way to create much superior essay totally free of risk. Now, numerous on-line tutoring sites supply the very best essay writing services for the cheap. To start out with, it really is important to study advice in regards to the possible composing spouse.
Definitions of Website That Writes Essays for You
You'll be well on the path to finding out just how exactly to compose the most useful of essays when you download a few free newspapers that were wear the site only for you personally. It will be possible for you to buy argumentative essay in their site. Argumentative essays are generally longer than several other composition kinds and need to incorporate the thesis from the exact first paragraph, together with cogent explanations for why the reader needs to care about the thesis announcement. Essays desire an outstanding deal of investigation plus it's quite different in the college level essays. An entry essay is truly a region of the attractiveness plan of action achieved by universites and schools.
But excellent you end up at creating essays, then there'll come a while when you're asked to compose an assignment at an mode that's unknown for you . Before you are well prepared to really go public with your article you might need to demo work to a couple of one's pals. An essay ought to have a thesis or chief proposal. Online essays really are expensiveIf you are seeking very good essays online, you must be well prepared to spend the great income. If you develop a persuasive composition, you should possess a excellent background information regarding the subject you would like to write around and you have to be always a creative author too.
Ensure you pay your composition onto the webpage after possible. You value producing your essays rely on. Your school application essay writing assignments are allocated just to the writer who's expert in that particular subject.
Extending the essay's thesis demands analysis and reflection onto the portion of the author. As it's to perform habit essays that the exact first issue to understand is what you truly buy. A good deal of folks isn't knowledgeable about the 4 significant types of essays. Recognizing that the vital essay writing guidelines will be important.
http://www.liberty.edu/media/2030/Thesis_Statements_for_Case_Studies-final.pdf
Whenever you do research document writing, you own an interest you're likely to write around. To compose a philosophy paper sometimes takes a good deal of time because they are between of course in the event that you are unable to put in sufficient period that you could wind up scoring marks which aren't impressive. Essay producing actually is a process that permits pupils to fortify their own exploration capabilities. Copywriting for your search engine spiders may set the author in a modest periphery which doesn't happen with ordinary writers.
Minister presses KNUP backers on support for Nhek Bun Chhay
Problems continue to grow for Khmer National United Party President Nhek Bun Chhay in the wake of the prime minister's decision to terminate his role as a government adviser, with at least two members of his group defecting to the ruling Cambodian People's Party in a bid to protect their positions as undersecretaries of state.
The defections follow a tumultuous 10 days for the former commander of Cambodia's military, who was fired from the advisory role on June 4, the day of the commune elections, amid allegations he pledged to support the opposition Cambodia National Rescue Party.
One of the defectors said he decided to jump ship after being unexpectedly summoned to speak with his minister, whose line of questioning centred on his political allegiance.
The official, who requested anonymity due to the sensitive nature of the situation, interpreted the meeting as a warning that his job was at stake if he continued to support Bun Chhay, he said, adding other KNUP members with government roles had also received similar calls.
“They asked which party we'll stay with,” the official said. “My minister also called me to ask. I have already defected to the CPP. Maybe the prime minister told [the ministers] to ask.”
Another defector who requested anonymity said he heard the positions of all government officials from the KNUP were on the chopping block. “They asked me too – asked which party [I supported],” he said.
Bun Chhay split from the royalist Funcinpec party last year and started the KNUP, taking several officials with him.
His party officials were given government roles in 2013 while still with Funcinpec, though the party failed to win a single seat at that year's national election.
Uncertain about their fate, many members of Funcinpec have also reached out to the Council of Ministers, said one royalist who works as an adviser to the government, adding that members of the main royalist party remained safe.
“If we stay with [Funcinpec] there is no problem, but for those staying with Nhek Bun Chhay, they will all be stripped,” said the official, who also spoke on condition of anonymity.
Bun Chhay could not be reached yesterday. His assistant, Mak Chhea, said he was unaware of the defections.
On Tuesday, Voice of America quoted CNRP Deputy President Eng Chhay Eang saying that the KNUP leader had called him before the election and offered to tell his supporters to vote for the opposition in communes where KNUP did not have a candidate. Bun Chhay denied making the pledge, saying he accidentally called Chhay Eang and thought he was speaking to a member of his party with a similar name.
Analyst Cham Bunthet said it appeared the CPP saw “no more benefit” to allowing Bun Chhay to continue his party, especially after the recent rumours. “Nhek Bun Chhay's party is a party that was used to break the support from the opposition party, but once they have no more effect . . . it's time for them to leave Nhek Bun Chhay aside.”
4/24/18 – 9:17 A.M.
Blanchard Valley Hospital has earned high marks for patient safety. The nonprofit Leapfrog group gave the hospital an “A” grade on its Spring 2018 Hospital Safety Score results. It's the sixth time the hospital has earned an A grade from the organization.
Leapfrog uses 27 measures of publicly available data to calculate its score. Blanchard Valley is one of 750 hospitals across the nation to get an A.
By Tracy Wang
Directed and produced by Jennifer Brea, ‘Unrest' recounts Brea's journey of finding out what is causing her to be bedridden and what it takes to live with ME/CFS, or called chronic fatigue syndrome. A syndrome that is affecting about a million people in the United States, but is largely invisible, chronic fatigue syndrome is the one that changed Brea's life; through this documentary film, Brea hopes to help all the people who are affected by this syndrome to have more visibility. This film is certainly among the most revealing and educational films that need to be watched by all.
‘Unrest' begins with contrasting scenes of Brea struggling to get from one room to another in her house and her being a little kid, a young woman who ‘wanted to swallow the world whole'. Then, it goes back to her syndrome's origin when she first had a fever. Though the fever finally went down, she remained weak and unable to move around like before. More symptoms, sensitivity to light and sound, inability to speak at times, followed, and doctors said she either had conversion disorder or too much stress for her finals. When she was finally diagnosed with chronic fatigue syndrome, she started to reach out to many other people who have the same syndrome. The film shifts back and forth between stories of other patients from around the world, and how Brea deals with her illness with her loving husband, Omar.
With this syndrome's history being hysteria, the film delves into discussing how people with this syndrome was treated by doctors and society and how society still has serious misunderstanding toward the validity of their physical symptoms. As ME/CFS patients open up about their stories of loss, grief, pain and hope, we are given rare accounts of their relationships with their loved ones and the world, and how they wish to have more visibility to this syndrome as well as to the seventeen million people who are dealing with this around the world.
To a person who has never heard of this syndrome or the number of people who are suffering from this, ‘Unrest' is a necessary addition to other documentary films that educate and allow us to have a peek inside the lives of those who have chronic fatigue syndrome. With many in society considering this syndrome as fake and only psychological symptom, this film opens our eyes, and provides an inclusive and complete picture of the loss of freedom to move, the guilt of robbing loved ones their lives, the unpredictability of various symptoms, and the difficulty in finding hope and will to live with all this emotional turmoil. Because of the scientific explanations and raw honesty from patients as well as their loved ones, audiences are instantly included in the close circle of those few who understand this syndrome.
Throughout the film, we are provided with powerful scenes and images which strike a chord in our hearts. One of the most telling scenes is the very first scene when we could only hear a woman's strained breaths in the dark screen. From that first scene, we immediately have a sense of loss of hope, struggle and pain, and with the ensuing scenes containing Brea's struggle in getting onto her bed and videos of her youth and teenage life of traveling and dreaming, we witness a contrast so huge that we are completely invested in the upcoming stories and narratives. Other scenes such as witnessing Jessica, a girl with the syndrome for over eight years, standing in a swimming pool with another woman's help, the shoes of patients sitting on the ground for a protest, and parents waiting for the institution to give their daughter back, are all equally significant in showing all kinds of situations they could be in. Even though the beginning scenes feel rather hopeless and dark, the ending scenes of many loved ones taking care of their wife and children give off of a more positive, perhaps hopeful tone for a future in which society fully recognizes the scope and existence of this syndrome and health institutions can put more effort in finding a cure before more chronic fatigue syndrome patients are lost.
The headquarters of mortgage lender Freddie Mac is seen in Mclean, Virginia, near Washington, in this September 8, 2008 file photo. REUTERS/Jason Reed/Files
WASHINGTON Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac will transfer $10 billion in earnings to the U.S. Treasury in an expected move from the mortgage-finance giants, a spokesman for the regulator said on Thursday.
The payment, which is due on Friday, will be made as scheduled, said a spokeswoman for the Federal Housing Finance Agency.
Washington took control of Fannie and Freddie as the housing crisis worsened in September 2008. The companies have since grown profitable and lawmakers are debating about whether to cut government ties to the agencies that promote home ownership.
(Reporting By Patrick Rucker; Editing by Chizu Nomiyama)
VLC media player is a free and open source cross-platform multimedia player that plays most multimedia files as well as discs, devices, and network streaming.
It supports many new devices inputs, formats, metadata and improves most of the current ones, preparing for the next-gen codecs. For subtitles you can download VLSub.
What's New:
Core:
Fix snapshotting with subtitles when using hardware acceleration
Fix green/missing line/column when the picture dimensions are odd
Decoders:
Important improvements in hardware decoding for macOS, notably faster, supporting more samples and removing crashes/deadlocks
Improve compatibility for DxVA2 and D3D11 decoding, fix crashes when seeking and fix blacklisting of broken drivers
Fix SSA subtitles forced alignment
Fix E-AC-3 stuttering
Fix MIDI playback on macOS
Add playback support for ProRes 4444 XQ
Demux:
Fix wrong colors in some AVI files
Fix IFO files playback to start DVDs
Fix a crash with missing/invalid MPEG SDT
Update VP8/9/10 ISOBMFF bindings and improve HDR for those cases
Fix TTML inside MP4
Improve MP4 read of color information
Fix flac seeking and improve flac parsing
Improve mkv opening & seeking speed
Fix display of chapters with no name defined
Miscellaneous MKV crash fixes
Fix crash with multi-region DVDs
Fix audio being muted on DVD chapter change
Fix audio being muted when seeking in a BluRay disc
Access:
Avoid a crash/assert in FTP after seeking
Audio output:
Fix mmdevice default audio device handling
Fix "reset audio volume" being forcefully deactivated
Allow a default device to be used by VLC
Only warn once about misconfiguration for AUhal devices on macOS
Improve resampling and latency computation for CoreAudio
Passthrough is now disabled by default
Audio filters:
Fix audio stutter after unpausing with headphones
Fix silence when dolby-surround was mis-selected in preferences
Video output:
Fix OpenGL crashes or bad display with semi-planar chromas
Fix OpenGL interop (zero-copy) disabled for tvOS
Major rewrite of the iOS video output to fix numerous crashes
Important improvements of the D3D11 video output to use less memory and less GPU for HDR tone-mapping
Fix crop on vertical videos with Direct3D11
Fix Direct3D9 filters settings not being applied properly
Fix transform filters with hardware decoding
Fix snapshot and filters with HEVC hardware decoding
Fix a buffer overrun during GPU/CPU image copy
Fix glitches on DVD menus with Direct3D11
Fix non-HDR content playback on HDR screens with Direct3D11
Fix YUV full range displayed incorrectly in Direct3D11
Fix miscellaneous crashes in Direct3D11
Fix potential black screen with 10bits videos on Direct3D11
macOS:
Fix Growl notifications on recent macOS versions
Fix conversion output file name encoding
Fix crash reporting on macOS 10.7 and 10.8
Fix crash on exit
Fix remember playback position
Fix Blu-ray disc Java menu
Fix swiping on time slider to change position
Fix problems with restoring user name from keychain
Fix localization issues
Qt:
Fix last folder used in open dialogs
Allow to customize the seek jump when using the mousewheel
Fix fullscreen controller positionment on multiscreen setups
Fix pasted URLs not being trimmed
Fix jump size not being configurable
Fix missing time labels updates
Fix playback speed slider not accepting 1.0x value
Fix raw input dump
Fix window size after a fullscreen playback
Misc:
Fix lua rc & oldrc interfaces host specification
Fix crashes when searching for renderers
Relocate localedir for Linux (improves snap i18n support)
Fix VDPAU GLX usage on Linux
Improve support for NetBSD
Fix MSI script for Windows
Fix libvlc_media_list not going to next media
Fix character encoding on win32 consoles
Miscellaneous chromecast improvements
Fix missing OSD navigation feedback
Various VLSub improvements
lua: Fix scripts not being loaded on some filesystems
lua: Add vlc.io APIs to handle UTF-8 paths
Previous versions:
February 2, 2018- Elizabethtown Area High School students Kirsten Becker, Nora Briggs, David Buckwalter, Haley Haver, Austin Kreiser, Maddie Musser, and Kendra Neideigh were presented with Pennsylvania Future Farmers of America (FFA) Keystone Degrees at the 2018 Pennsylvania Farm Show. This honor is the highest award given by the Pennsylvania FFA association.
It is presented to FFA Members within the Commonwealth who have shown outstanding achievement within FFA. To earn the prestigious degree, FFA members had to complete a Supervised Agricultural Experience Project, which included earning and investing at least $1,000 into their project. In addition, they needed to work a minimum of 300 hours outside of class, participate in at least five activities above the chapter level, and complete twenty-five hours of community service.
Also at the Farm Show, tenth grader Marley Kreiser and ninth graders Wesley DeWald, Andrew Ferrarelli, Ian Franks, Brooke Horst, and Danny Longenecker earned FFA Jackets through the PA FFA Alumni Jacket Program. This program awards the highly coveted jackets to deserving first year FFA members from across the Commonwealth. The jacket was awarded based on a completed application that required each first year member to interview a past FFA member about how the FFA affected their lives and write an essay explaining “What the FFA Jacket Means To Me”.
Finally at the Farm Show, the Elizabethtown FFA's Chapter Window Display earned fifth place out of sixteen entries. This year's display was on Lyme Disease.
FFA is dedicated to making a positive difference in the lives of students by developing their potential for premier leadership, personal growth and career success through agricultural education. Mark Anderson, agricultural science teacher at the high school, is the club advisor.
Photo1 caption: Elizabethtown Area High School 2018 FFA Keystone Degree Recipients. Pictured (L-R) Secretary for the Pennsylvania Department of Education Pedro Rivera, Nora Briggs, Kirsten Becker, Haley Haver, Austin Kreiser, David Buckwalter, Maddie Musser, and Secretary for the Pennsylvania Department of Agriculture Russell Redding (Not Pictured: Kendra Neideigh)
Photo2 caption: Elizabethtown Area High School 2018 FFA Jacket Recipients. Pictured (L-R) Brooke Horst, Ian Franks, and Wesley DeWald (Not Pictured: Andrew Ferrarelli, Marley Kreiser, and Danny Longenecker)
THE Philippines and China will set up a bilateral consultative mechanism this year to settle sensitive issues, including the dispute in the West Philippine Sea (South China Sea).
Philippine Ambassador-designate to China Jose Santiago “Chito” Sta. Romana said the schedule of the meetings was under discussion and that the commencement of talks would be announced soon.
The bilateral consultation mechanism was part of the agreement between the Philippines and China during President Rodrigo Duterte's state visit in Beijing in October 2016.
Sta. Romana said the mechanism would allow the creation of a group to discuss the sea row separately, and de-link the dispute from other aspects of bilateral relations such as economics, finance, culture, education and sports.
“The dispute will not serve as an obstacle in terms of developing the relations. We will separate it so that we grow on separate track,” he said during the “Tapatan sa The Aristocrat” forum in Manila on Monday.
Under Duterte's China policy, the government will implement a two-track approach, separating contentious issues from non-contentious ones, which means proceeding with non-contentious issues while discussing contentious issues one by one with the use of quiet diplomacy.
The envoy admitted that the dispute won't be resolved right away but tensions could still be diffused and managed properly.
“Economic cooperation will be the main driver of bilateral relations. The disputes will still be there and we will discuss it and deal with it,” Sta. Romana said. “But the point is, we will also be realistic that it may take time.”
He maintained that the Philippines will honor the July 2016 arbitral award on the country's maritime entitlements in the West Philippine Sea, as a state party to the United Nations Charter and the 1982 United Nations Convention on the Law of the Sea.
“The arbitral ruling is the subject of intense interest on both sides. The Philippine side's position as articulated by the President is to maintain it, defend it and uphold it. The Chinese of course don't accept it, so there's a difference of opinion. And there's a problem because there's no enforcement mechanism. If you want to force it, it will lead to the road of confrontation,” he said.
The July 2016 ruling from The Hague-based Permanent Court of Arbitration invalidated China's excessive claims over almost the whole of South China Sea based on the “nine-dash” demarcation line.
Areas in the South China Sea are also partly claimed by Malaysia, Vietnam, Taiwan and Brunei.
The State must return to levels of social and affordable house-building last seen during Fianna Fáil's last period in office a decade ago, the party's spokesman Barry Cowen has said.
In a number of speeches in recent weeks Mr Cowen has sought to defend his party's record on construction, and recast Fianna Fáil as the party that can spur large-scale construction of homes. This includes the party's controversial record during the years of the property boom in its last period of office between 1997 and 2011.
Mr Cowen's speeches mark a tentative embrace by Fianna Fáil of its record as it attempts to signal to voters that it is better placed than Fine Gael to solve the housing crisis.
However, it will likely lead Fine Gael to instead say that the last Fianna Fáil administrations were responsible for overheating the property market and the subsequent economic crash.
At an event for Technology Ireland – a group under the umbrella of business group Ibec – last week Mr Cowen said Fianna Fáil had built “over a million homes” during its time in power since it first entered government in 1932.
“While the world struggled with the great depression we helped to clear the slums in the 1930s with an ambitious home-building programme in what were deeply difficult economic times,” the Offaly TD said. “That type of vision is needed once more to give a new generation a stake in society, and enable us to reach our full economic potential.”
Property boom
While his comparison with the era of the recent property boom was not as explicit, Mr Cowen said his party had built more social houses every year in the period between 1997 and 2009 than Fine Gael had during the lifetime of the last government between 2011 and 2016.
“I am deeply concerned that the current Government places no value on home-building for ordinary working people across our country. From 2011 to 2016, Fine Gael built just 4,000 new social houses, which is fewer than what Fianna Fáil built in almost every single year from 1997 to 2009.
“The target of some 30,000 new build social units as part of an overall 50,000 unit targets is not enough to meet the needs of our population.”
He said more money was needed from central government to match the rate of social house construction last seen 10 years ago.
“Even after Budget 2018 we are still €350 million off the levels we need to reach in order to match what we achieved in 2008. This money must be used to get back putting bricks and mortar in the ground.”
He said a new “home delivery agency” was needed to drive the construction of social and affordable homes.
Agency
“This agency should have emergency compulsory purchase powers and can sub-contract work out. It can be financed from both public and private sources, with the aim to remain off balance sheet, as is the norm across Europe.”
Mr Cowen's statements will also be seen as a further attempt by Fianna Fáil to create difference with Fine Gael as the confidence and supply agreement comes to an end after the next budget, due in October.
Party leader Micheál Martin told his frontbenchers earlier this year to be more assertive in their dealings with the Government.
A Russian journalist and Kremlin critic rose from the dead Wednesday at a shocking press conference in Kiev, Ukraine. Arkady Babchenko was believed to have been shot dead Tuesday in an assassination in his apartment. But Ukrainian authorities announced his death was staged as part of an operation to catch his would-be killer, who they say was ordered by Russian agents to kill Babchenko because of his journalism.
Babchenko, 41, came out to applause and gasps at Wednesday's press conference, where his wife joined Ukrainian officials to brief reporters on what was believed to be a murder case. News of his death was reported around the world and officials from Ukraine and Russia blamed each other for his death, while journalism advocates called his apparent killing an attack on the free press. Babchenko, a former soldier turned war correspondent, has been outspoken in his criticism of Vladimir Putin and the Russian government, especially their activities in Ukraine and Syria. He fled from his homeland in February 2017 after saying he had been receiving death threats and no longer felt safe there.
On Wednesday, Babchenko thanked everyone who had been mourning him. You can watch the press conference below. The stunning moment where Arkady Babchenko walks into the room happens about the 9-minute mark:
One day before the press conference, Ukrainian police told the media that Babchenko had been shot three times in the back in his Kiev apartment. Government officials told reporters Babchenko had been at the store buying bread and was killed upon his return home. His wife said she was in the bathroom when the shooting happened and came out to find him bleeding. Authorities said Babchenko had been rushed to the hospital, but died before arriving there. A photo of his body, which is now known to be staged, circulated on social media, showing him face down in a pool of blood with apparent gunshot wounds on his back. Social media users claimed the photo had been taken by Babchenko's wife.
Вот всё, что вы можете повторить, ублюдки pic.twitter.com/St8E9sFG4D — Уголок циника (@cynicarea) May 29, 2018
Ukrainian authorities said at a press conference announcing Babchenko's supposed death that they believed his work as a journalist had made him a target. A day later, security officials said they received advance warning of a planned assassination attempt and decided to set up a sting. The Ukrainian security service said they wanted to gather evidence of terrorist activity by Russian special services in Ukraine, according to CNN. The plan was in place for more than a month, The Guardian reports.
Babchenko apologized to those who thought he had been killed. “I have been forced to bury my friends and colleagues many times and I know the sickening feeling,” he said at the press conference. He said his wife and close family members were not in on the plan.
“Special apologies to my wife, Olechka, there was no other option,” Babchenko said at the press conference. “The operation was under preparation for two months. I've done my work. I'm still alive for the moment.”
Ukrainian officials said Russian authorities recruited a former fighter in east Ukraine to kill Babchenko by offering $30,000. Further details of the investigation and how Babchenko faking his death helped catch the would-be killer have not been made public.
After news reports about his death, police confirmed he had been shot and said it was believed he was targeted, likely because of his work as a journalist. Ukrainian lawmaker Anton Gerashchneko told the BBC the killer waited for Babchenko near his apartment and then assassinated him from behind. “When Arkady opened the door of his flat, the killer cowardly shot him in the back, firing several shots,” the politician wrote on Facebook. It is not clear if Gerashchneko was aware the death was faked.
A neighbor told local media that the killer likely used a silencer, since they heard no shots, but it now appears that was because Babchenko was never killed.
Arkady Babchenko was born March 18, 1977, in Moscow. While studying law as an 18-year-old, he was conscripted into the Russian army and served during the Chechen wars from 1994 to 2000. After leaving the military, he became a war correspondent, working for Moskovsky Komsomolets and Zabytyi Polk. He chronicled his experiences in the military in a memoir, “One Soldier's War,” published in 2006. He graduated from the Modern Humanitarian University with a degree in international law.
Babchenko stopped working as a journalist for several years, becoming a taxi driver, but returned to war reporting in 2009 for the newspaper Novaya Gazeta, covering the South Ossetia war. Babchenko was also the founder of “Journalists Without Middlemen,” and continued writing books about his military experiences, winning several literary awards. Babchenko was additionally a freelance writer for several foreign outlets, including the BBC and The Guardian about conflicts in Ukraine and Syria, as well as Russian and Eastern European politics.
Babchenko left Russia in February 2017, saying at the time his native land was “a country I no longer feel safe in.” He and his family first moved to the Czech Republic and then on to Israel before settling down in Kiev, where he worked for the Crimean broadcaster ATR. In his most recent writing, Babchenko was critical of the Kremlin, especially the annexation of Crimea and its support of separatist insurgents in eastern Ukraine, along with the Russian campaign in Syria.
He said he fled Russia after receiving threats about a December 2016 Facebook post in which he said he felt no regret over the deaths of a military choir and other passengers on a Russian plane that crashed while en route to Syria. In the post, he called Russia an “aggressor.” Babchenko had previously been critical of Russia's role in the Syria conflict. He said after that post, he received threats, his home address was published and some called for him to be stripped of his Russian citizenship.
“I didn't call for anything or insult anyone. I just reminded my readers that Russia was indiscriminately bombing Aleppo, without recognising that dozens of children were dying in those bombs, their photographs making their way around the world. I also called Russia an aggressor,” Babchenko wrote in The Guardian about the reaction to his “unpatriotic post.” He added, “After all these wars and deaths, I felt only one thing when I heard that the representatives of Russia's military had died: indifference. But for some, expressing this on Facebook was not patriotic enough. And so it began.”
He was listed as number 10 on a list of “Top 100 Russophobes,” by Tsargrad, “pro-government ultranationalist” TV network, he wrote in The Guardian, and he received several threats to his life. “My home address has also been published on the internet, together with an invitation ‘to visit' I have received threats to me and my family by the thousand – in my email inbox, on Facebook and by phone,” he wrote.
Babchenko wrote on Facebook in 2017, “There is an informed opinion that it would be a good idea for me to live outside our god-protected Motherland for a while.”
You can read more about Arkady Babchenko at the link below:
These journeys through wild and challenging landscapes of national parks in North America and in Costa Rica are designed to address a growing demand for women-only adventure travel
Water break
Contact
Widness & Wiggins PR
***@travelnewssource.com Widness & Wiggins PR
End
-- An award-winning adventure company, Austin Adventures, is tapping a nationally recognized, award-winning female guide to facilitate and lead three brand-new, action-packed itineraries created for women-only (http://info.austinadventures.com/women-only-adventures)in 2018.These journeys through wild and challenging landscapes of national parks in North America and in Costa Rica are designed to address a growing demand for women-only adventure travel, said Kasey Austin (https://www.austinadventures.com/about-us/team/meet-our-guides/kasey-austin/), Lead Guide and Vice President of Operations for Austin Adventures. As the designated host and facilitator for these new programs, she will bring to each trip her leadership and inspirational skills that include, among others, the annual training of each of Austin Adventures' guides. Included in her many accomplishments,recognized Kasey as the World's Top Family Guide in 2014. She holds an undergraduate degree in Education from the University of Montana in Missoula where she was distinguished as a Presidential Leadership Scholar.Women-only travel ( https://gutsytraveler.com/ women-travel- statistics-women- t... ) is on the rise according to industry expert Marybeth Bond, author of The Gutsy Traveler. "Whether we are single or married, career women or stay-at-home moms, traveling with other women is empowering. Statistics show that 75% of all those who take cultural, adventure or nature trips are women," Bond reports. Furthermore, "…24 percent of American women have taken a girlfriend getaway in the past three years, and 39 percent of American women plan on taking one in the next three years. Women are traveling to more exotic destinations, doing more adventurous activities and increasingly traveling alone."Kasey Austin concurs. "Over the last few years, we've seen a trend in everyday women taking on the world of adventure travel by storm. There's nothing more empowering than taking a trip with other like-minded women who challenge you to push just beyond your comfort zone," Austin said. "Women used to be portrayed as delicate figures who booked a spa vacation with the ladies for a week. Now they are looking to challenge themselves and their friends by pushing their limits together."Suitable for women age 16 and older, the new line-up of Austin Adventures ( https://www.austinadventures.com/ )' women-only trips include:, March 17-25, 2018: Over nine active days, women kayak the canals of Tortuguero National Park, paddle class II-IV rapids of the Pacuare River, rappel thundering waterfalls, zip line through canopies, snorkel in Caluita National Park and bike along the beach in Puerta Viejo. The per-person double rate is from $3,498. For more information see: https://www.austinadventures.com/packages/costa-rica-tortuguero-to-cahuita/, May 20-25, 2018: For six days in the heady landscape of other-worldly rock formations capped with pure air and star-filled nights, women bike and hike together while being treated to one breath-taking view after another. The per-person double rate is from $2,798. For more information see: https://www.austinadventures.com/packages/utah-brycezion/, July 1-6, 2018: Over six days women cozy up to what the Native Americans call "Shining Mountains," a region close to the heart of Kasey Austin and her company that has roots deep in this Montana soil. Ladies hike backcountry trails, raft the unspoiled waters of the Flathead, bike and even cruise by train through the mountainous wcj scenes of the premier UNESCO World Heritage Site of northwestern Montana. The per-person double rate is from $3,198. For more information see: https://www.austinadventures.com/packages/montana-glacier-np/"I am the biggest advocate for girls 'getting after it' and proving they can do anything the boys can do when it comes to adventure. My goal is to get women hooked on adventure by overcoming obstacles like Angel's Landing in Zion or biking over Going-to-the-Sun Road in Glacier, together!" she added.All itineraries provide, among others, double occupancy rooms with private baths, all breakfasts, most lunches and dinners, the services of an all-female crew of guides, including Kasey Austin, and of knowledgeable local partners, vehicle support and land transportation during the trip, Austin Adventures T-shirt and luggage tags, and pre-departure and packing information. See: http://info.austinadventures.com/women-only-adventures.Exhilarating outdoor adventures that blend with cultural interactions are intrinsic to other new itineraries in Africa, Asia, Europe and South America. Austin Adventures' close-to-home programs continue to embrace US and Canadian national parks. See:https://www.austinadventures.com/new-2018-departures/To help plan, Austin Adventures' 2018 catalog is now out and available upon request. Please order ONLINE (http://www.austinadventures.com/request-catalog/)or call 1.800.575.1540. For a full roster of 2018 trips please visit http://www.austinadventures.com, call (800) 575-1540 or email info@austinadventures.com.Based in Billings, Montana, Austin Adventures has spent more than 40 years building an international reputation as a top provider of luxury, small group, multisport tours for adults and families to the world's most captivating destinations. Creative itineraries feature exceptional regional dining, distinctive accommodations and all-inclusive rates and services. In addition to scheduled group departures, Austin Adventures offers customized trip planning and a money-back satisfaction guarantee.Sara Widness / 802-234-6704 / sara@widnesspr.comDave Wiggins / 720-301-3822 / dave@travelnewssource.com
Smoke or flames from the Christchurch fires caused about 89,000 people to lose power for around half an hour today.
A map from power provider Orion showing the areas affected by a power cut in Christchurch as of 2.15pm on February 15. Source: Supplied
All customers now have power restored as it has been rerouted through the rest of the Orion network.
The Transpower 220KV line tripped, causing the power cut, an Orion spokesperson said.
Classified NSA, Army Data Exposed, Cybersecurity Firm Says
A cybersecurity company said Tuesday it found top secret files related to classified Army communications systems sitting unprotected online for anyone to see.
The data belonged to the U.S. Army's Intelligence and Security Command, a division of both the Army and the National Security Agency. It's the latest known setback linked to the NSA where former agency contractor Edward Snowden disclosed a cache of classified material in 2013.
NSA referred questions to the intelligence command, which did not immediately respond to a request for comment.
Chris Vickery, an analyst at UpGuard, a cybersecurity company based in Mountain View, California, discovered the unprotected data online on Sept. 28. Vickery notified the government about what he had found and was told on Oct. 10 that it had been secured.
"It is unclear to us what the precise relevance of the classified data we found is to active INSCOM operations," Dan O'Sullivan, another analyst on UpGuard's cyber risk team, said Tuesday.
The data contained 47 files and folders that could be viewed, including three that could be downloaded. Some of the data could not be accessed without being linked to Pentagon systems, O'Sullivan said. Many files were marked "top secret" or "NOFORN," a classification that prohibits disclosure to foreign governments.
The largest file contained a virtual hard drive likely designed for receiving Defense Department information from remote locations. The exposed data included sensitive details concerning a battlefield intelligence platform, known as the Distributed Common Ground System-Army, as well as the platform's troubled cloud auxiliary program codenamed "Red Disk."
Snowden leaked classified material exposing U.S. government surveillance programs.
In August 2016, Harold Thomas Martin III, 51, of Glen Burnie, Maryland, was arrested by the FBI after federal prosecutors say he illegally removed highly classified information and stored the material in his home and .
Reality Winner, 25, a former Air Force linguist who worked as an NSA contractor at a facility in Augusta, Georgia, was charged in June with copying a classified U.S. report and mailing it to a news organization.
© 2017 Associated Press under contract with NewsEdge/Acquire Media. All rights reserved.
Image credit: U.S. Cyber Command.
April 20 BioPharmX Corp
* BioPharmX completes last subject visit in its phase 2B trial of BPX-01, expects to report topline results first half of May 2017
* BioPharmX Corp- Expects to report topline results first half of May 2017 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
ATHENS, April 5 Greek banks' exposure to doubtful and non-performing loans edged down in the fourth quarter but still made up half the sector's overall loan book, the central bank said on Wednesday.
Banks, which entered the country's economic crisis in 2008 with non-performing exposures (NPEs) of 14.5 billion euros ($15.4 billion) or 5.5 percent of loans, saw them soar to 106.9 billion or 50.5 percent at the end of last June.
They trimmed that to 104.8 billion euros or 50.0 percent, excluding off-balance sheet items, in the final three months of last year, beating targets, the central bank said.
The mountain of NPEs, comprising non-performing loans (NPLs) plus restructured loans likely to turn bad, is the biggest challenge facing the Greek banking system. Its reduction would free up capital to fund productive sectors of the economy.
The non-performing loan rate fell to 36.2 percent, beating a targeted 36.4 percent.
"The NPE ratio remains high across most asset classes," said the central bank, which monitors the implementation of lenders' NPE action plans in cooperation with the European Central Bank.
Banks have agreed with regulators on ambitious bad debt reduction targets over three years.
Greece's four major banks - Piraeus, National , Eurobank and Alpha - and three less systemic banks submit data on nine operational targets.
Their aim is to cut the NPE to 66.7 billion euros by 2019 from 106.9 billion euros last September. The NPL rate is targeted to fall to 20.4 percent from 37 percent.
($1 = 0.9388 euros) (Reporting by George Georgiopoulos; editing by John Stonestreet)
The Court of Appeal has been asked to grant an injunction preventing an English county council proceeding with adoption of a baby removed from Ireland without the parents having an opportunity to object.
The application follows earlier criticism by the appeal court of the conduct of Irish and English social workers involved in removing the baby and two siblings last September.
That removal came after proceedings taken by the English council here with the co-operation of Tusla, the Child and Family Agency.
Mr Justice Gerard Hogan, on behalf of the Court of Appeal, said Irish social workers must “stop immediately” the “wholly unlawful” practice of acting in conjunction with their UK counterparts in seeking the return to Britain of children at the centre of care proceedings without the parents' knowledge of that application.
If it does not stop, social workers could face contempt of court proceedings, he said.
A practice had grown in recent times whereby UK social workers travel to Ireland to arrange the return of children by applying to the courts here without notice to the parents “thus depriving them of any opportunity” to challenge the proceedings, he said.
It was difficult “to avoid the impression that the childcare system provided for under the Child Care Act 1991 is being circumvented for this purpose”, he said.
His comments were made during an appeal concerning the three children, all under six, brought by their British parents to Ireland last autumn when the youngest was just two days old.
Care orders
The two older children had been subject of interim care orders in the UK and, three days after they left, all three were made wards of court by the English high court.
Concerns was previously expressed by the social services unit of their local county council about the standards of hygiene within the home, parental capacity to manage the children, domestic violence in previous relationships and parental substance abuse, Mr Justice Hogan said.
The same day as the wardship orders were obtained in the UK, the English social services contacted Tusla to say they had also obtained the requisite orders that the children be returned.
Tusla later made an unannounced visit to the home of the family here.
Mr Justice Hogan said it was important to note that “nothing of concern” was found.
With the consent of the parents, the District Court here granted interim care orders to the agency and the children were placed in foster care.
The agency told the parents the UK social services would apply to the High Court here, without notice to the parents, for enforcement of the English court orders for the children's return.
Rosslare port
The High Court granted an ex-parte (one-side only represented) application by the English council and the three children were handed over by Tusla to English social workers at Rosslare port and brought to the UK. The parents were told afterwards as the English social workers believed they were a flight risk.
After the parents' challenge to the Irish High Court order was ruled out of time by two days, they went to the three-judge Court of Appeal.
Mr Justice Hogan noted the English council, which did not participate in the Court of Appeal hearing for financial reasons, had said it did not intend to return the children irrespective of the outcome of the appeal.
The English council also began moves to have the youngest child adopted in the UK.
On Wednesday, lawyers for the parents asked the Court of Appeal to grant an injunction preventing the UK council taking any further steps in those adoption proceedings. The council was not represented.
Following arguments from lawyers for the parents and the Attorney General, before the court as an amicus curiae (assistant to the court), the Court of Appeal said it would give its decision as soon as possible given the urgency of the situation.
April 10 OSCAR PROPERTIES HOLDING AB
* CONTINUES TO EXPAND IN NACKA THROUGH ACQUISITION OF FIVE PROPERTIES LOCATED IN KVARNVÄGEN 14-20 AT SKURUSUNDET
* PURCHASE PRICE AMOUNTS TO SEK 170 MILLION
* ACQUISITION WILL BE FINANCED WITH OWN FUNDS AND BANK LOAN Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
IAC/InterActiveCorp (IAC.O) said on Monday it would buy consumer review website operator Angie's List Inc (ANGI.O) in a $500 million deal that bolsters its online home contractor services.
Media mogul Barry Diller's IAC said it would combine Angie's with its digital home services marketplace business, HomeAdvisor, and create a publicly traded company called ANGI Homeservices Inc. This will be the 10th public company to emerge from IAC, Diller said in a statement with Angie's List.
IAC had been looking at buying Angie's list for some time, said HomeAdvisor Chief Executive Officer Chris Terrill. He said talks heated up after Angie's List announced in November 2016 that it was exploring strategic options.
"Once their sales process got started, we started really looking at the opportunities of putting our marketplaces together," Terrill said in an interview.
IAC in November 2015 made an unsolicited bid to buy Angie's for about $512 million in cash, after activist investor TCS Capital Management urged the company to combine with an industry player such as HomeAdvisor. (reut.rs/2pp8gxk)
Terrill, who will lead the publicly traded company based in Golden, Colorado, said one his first goal will be to better monetize Angie's List brand, traffic, loyalty of their customers. The combined company will use both Home Advisor and Angie's List brands.
Investors in Angie's List would get one Class A common share of the new company, or $8.50 in cash for each share held.
The offer represents a premium of 44.3 percent to Angie's Monday close.
Angie's List shares were up 43.3 percent in after-market trading on Monday, while IAC's stock was unchanged.
IAC, which holds a majority stake in Match Group Inc (MTCH.O), owner of Tinder and OKCupid, said the cash portion would be capped at $130 million. The deal is expected to close in the fourth quarter.
JPMorgan Chase & Co (JPM.N) and Wachtell Lipton Rosen & Katz LLP advised IAC and HomeAdvisor. Allen & Company LLC, Bank of America Corp (BAC.N) and Sidley Austin LLP advised Angie's List.
(Reporting by Aishwarya Venugopal in Bengaluru and Liana B. Baker in San Francisco; Editing by Sriraj Kalluvila)
* Offshore buyers constitute more than 90 pct of accepted bids
* Sale should help central bank ease pressure on cedi
By Kwasi Kpodo
ACCRA, April 3 Ghana has raised $2.2 billion from a sale of long-dated domestic bonds on Friday, boosting its central bank reserves by one-third, transaction leads and central bank sources said on Monday.
Offshore buyers constituted 90 percent of accepted bids, according to Barclays Bank Ghana sources.
The cedi fell to a record low of 4.7420 to the dollar last month but rallied to 4.2750 by noon (1200 GMT) on Monday, down 1.17 percent this year, according to Thomson Reuters data.
The transaction should boost the fiscal position of the government of President Nana Akufo-Addo, who was sworn in on Jan. 7, as it reviews a $918-million aid programme with the International Monetary Fund.
The government aims to restore rapid growth in Ghana, a country that had one of the hottest economies in Africa driven by exports of gold, oil and cocoa. Growth slowed in 2014 due to a fiscal crisis and a slump in global commodities prices.
Ghana sold 3.42 billion cedis ($790 million) of a 15-year debt and a fresh 7-year paper worth 1.45 billion cedis ($335 million) at 19.75 percent yield each..
It also reopened existing 10-year and 5-year bonds of which it sold more than $1 billion in a book-building transaction led by Barclays Bank Ghana, the sources said.
"They successfully sold around $2.2 billion on a single day. It shows there's investor goodwill and confidence in the Ghanaian economy," a lead source said.
The government inherited undisclosed debt arrears of $1.6 billion and a 2016 budget deficit of 8.7 percent of gross domestic product on cash basis.
In his first budget last month, Finance Minister Ken Ofori-Atta announced plans to restore fiscal balance, create jobs and stimulate private sector growth.
"People believe that they can do what they said they would do," financial analyst Joseph Kumi told Reuters.
Settlement for the bonds is slated for Monday and analysts say the dollar transfers from offshore buyers should boost central bank reserves, which stood at $6.45 billion or 3.7 months of imports at the end of February. (Editing by Matthew Mpoke Bigg and Tom Heneghan)
YARMOUTH — The School Department's youngest students will be welcomed by a new principal when they start classes in the fall.
Susan Lobel on July 1 will become principal of William H. Rowe School. The school serves kindergartners and grade 1 students.
Lobel's hiring was announced April 13.
She will replace Principal Ellen Honan, who is retiring June 30 after 37 years with the Yarmouth public schools.
Lobel comes to Yarmouth from Hallowell, where she is the principal of Hall-Dale Elementary School. The school serves 400 students in pre-K through grade 5. Lobel has been a member of Hall-Dale's administrative team since 2014.
Superintendent Andrew Dolloff said in a statement that the principal search committee interviewed several highly qualified applicants.
“The leadership of Rowe School is a critical position for our district,” Dolloff said. “This is the first school experience for many students, and the first exposure to Yarmouth schools for many parents. It is vital that these families feel safe and valued in our schools, and I believe Susan is the perfect candidate to further the welcoming culture that exists at Rowe School.”
Lobel, a Maine native, has more than 25 years of experience in education. She graduated from UMaine Farmington and earned a master's degree in literacy education from the University of Southern Maine. Lobel also has completed post-graduate studies at UMaine and USM.
Before her work in Hallowell, Lobel taught elementary school and served in several communities as a literacy specialist.
“I feel honored to become a part of the Rowe School learning community and the Yarmouth School Department,” Lobel said. “Early literacy is a part of my background and has always been a passion for me. I am looking forward to working and collaborating with staff and families to meet the needs of Yarmouth's youngest learners.”
Kindergarten enrollment for Rowe School next year is now at 80 students, School Board members also learned last week. Typically, 84 to 94 students enroll each year for kindergarten, school officials said, although this year's kindergarten class numbers 106 students.
There are six kindergarten and six first-grade classes at Rowe.
Lisa D. Connell can be reached at 781-3661, ext. 183 or lconnell@theforecaster.net. Follow Lisa on Twitter: @connell_ld.
Susan Lobel on July 1 will become principal William H. Rowe School in Yarmouth.
The poor performance of the Metro Rail Transit Line 3 (MRT-3) is a result of having a government operator and a private sector maintenance contractor, according to a former Public Works who now heads the Light Rail Manila Corporation (LRMC).
“The difficulty with government is they are governed by very strict procurement laws. In the case of the private, when I need a spare part, I will just buy it,” LRMC President and Chief Executive Officer Rogelio Singson said in an interview on national television on Monday.
LRMC is a joint venture among Metro Pacific Investments Corporation's (MPIC) Metro Pacific Light Rail Corporation (MPLRC), Ayala Corporation's AC Infrastructure Holdings Corporation (AC Infra), and the Philippine Investment Alliance for Infrastructure's Macquarie Infrastructure Holdings (Philippines) PTE Ltd. (MIHPL).
It owns and maintains the Light Rail Transit Line 1 (LRT-1) which runs from Baclaran in Pasay City to Roosevelt in Quezon City.
“LRT-2 is purely government. LRT-1 is purely private—we operate, we maintain. MRT-3 is mixed. Government operates, private maintains,” Singson said.
“To me, that is a main problem,” Singson said, noting that a blaming game strained the professional relationship between the government and MRT-3 maintenance provider Busan Universal Rail Inc.
In the private sector there are no strict bidding rules in case a technical problem befalls the MRT-3 and new equipment must be purchase. But the government must adhere to the laws governing the bidding process, which can cause delays, Singson noted.
“There are so many complex components. If one is left behind, that train will not work,” he said.
Earlier, the Pangilinan-led MPIC said it was keeping its fingers crossed in taking over the MRT-3.
“If we can make our Light Rail Transit-1 profitable, we are certain we can make our MRT-3 just as efficient,” said MPIC President Jose Lim.
Transportation Undersecretary Cesar Chavez also said earlier that the Department of Transportation was considering having the Light Rail Transit Authority manage the MRT-3 and privatize the mass rail transit system.
PORTLAND — Paving work on Veranda Street is expected to last through the end of the month, Maine Department of Transportation spokesman Ted Talbot said June 14.
In a press release, Talbot said the work from Martin's Point to Wordsworth Street, in the city's East Deering neighborhood, will be done between 10 p.m. and 11 a.m.
Work will also include the northbound off ramp from Interstate 295 at Exit 9. Talbot said motorists will be advised to use Exit 8 during any ramp closures.
The paving work will also require parking restrictions on Veranda Street.
TRIPOLI Four suspected migrant smugglers were killed in an exchange of fire with the Libyan coastguard off western Libya on Thursday, spokesman Ayoub Qassem said.
Qassem said the clash started when the coastguards tried to apprehend heavily armed gunmen whose boat was located near a migrant vessel close to the city of Zawiya, about 45 km (28 miles) west of Tripoli.
"The coastguard boat detected the gunmen's boat by radar during a patrol," Qassem told Reuters.
"The gunmen were asked to stop but they refused to follow the rules, which means most likely they were smugglers of illegal migrants. They opened fire at the patrol. The coastguards fired back too."
Two of the suspected smugglers were arrested and one was missing, Qassem said. A German journalist travelling on the coastguard boat suffered a minor injury when he tumbled during the clash, he said.
Libya's western coast is the departure point for the vast majority of migrants trying to reach Europe by sea, and powerful smuggling networks have long operated with impunity in the area.
They pack migrants into flimsy inflatable boats usually carrying barely enough fuel to reach international waters, where most are picked up by European rescue craft or other vessels.
Libya's coastguard, parts of which are now receiving European Union training, occasionally intercepts migrant boats and returns them to Libya.
Some boats sink or run out of fuel.
By the end of last month, 23,125 migrants had crossed the central Mediterranean to Italy and 595 were known to have died, an increase compared with the same period last year, according to the International Organization for Migration.
(Reporting by Ahmed Elumami; Writing by Aidan Lewis; Editing by Andrew Bolton and Toby Davis)
Established in the year 1980, State Express has achieved a niche in tours and travel industry with the recent addition of the impressive luxury vehicles in its fleet.
logo
Contact
State Express India
+91-11-47674050
***@statexp.in State Express India+91-11-47674050
End
-- Established in the year 1980, State Express has achieved a niche in tours and travel industry with the recent addition of the impressive luxury vehicles in its fleet. The fleet services of the State Express has always impressed its customer with their stunning collection of vehicles of all the renowned brands including Mercedes, Volkswagen, Audi, Jaguars. The addition of the latest state-of-the-art new super luxury saloons, vans, and SUV's has made the Sate Express as the most sought travel agent when it comes to luxury and customer services. In the recent display of their fleet strength, all the guest were amazed by the latest collection vehicles including Jaguar F-Pace; the latest model launched by British carmaker, Jaguar XF, Audi A-8, Land Rover Discovery Sports, Range Rover Evoque, Toyota Hiace Commuter vanswith modified features such as new furbished luxury seats, LED and various other. Each of their vehicles is designed to undertake journey on any kind of terrain in great comfort and style and are capable of impressing even the most discerning guests with its stunning looks. Their fleet service includes all major global brands of varying capacity and segments which are used by Embassies, International Organizations, Multinational and Indian corporates and event companies.In recognition of the commitment to excellence, State Express is also the recipient of several awards from industry associations, industry publications and the Government of India.State Express India1st Floor, Bhanot House 17,Community Centre, Gulmohar Enclave,Gulmohar Park, New Delhi, Delhi 110049Telephone Number: +91-11-47674000 during office hours (10AM-6PM IST)You may reach us 24/7 at following Emergency Contact Number:+91-11-47674050 (when calling us from outside India)011-47674050 (when calling us from within India)Click here to email: info@statexp.in Website: http://www.stateexpressindia.com Fax Number: +91 11 47674040State Express has reputation for providing exceptional personalized as well as highly professional and service to individual traveller, Groups and special inbound tour operators in India.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Pope Francis on Friday denounced the proliferation of adult and child pornography on the internet and demanded better protections for children online.
It came even as the Vatican confronts its own cross-border child porn investigation involving a top papal envoy.
Francis met with participants of a Catholic Church-backed international conference on fighting child pornography and protecting children in the digital age.
He fully backed their proposals to toughen sanctions against those who abuse and exploit children online and improve technological filters to prevent young people from accessing porn online.
Francis said the Catholic Church knew well the "grave error" of trying to conceal the problem of sexual abuse, a reference to the church's long history of having priests who rape and molest children and bishops who cover up for them.
Several well-known cases have involved priests having child porn, or photographing their victims.
Francis said an international, cross-disciplinary approach was needed to protect children from the dark net and the "corruption of their minds and violence against their bodies".
Using terms that are certainly new to papal lexicon, Francis denounced "extreme pornography" on the web that adults, and increasingly children consume, and the increasing use of "sexting" and "sextortion" among the estimated 800 million minors who navigate the internet.
"We would be seriously deluding ourselves were we to think that a society where an abnormal consumption of internet sex is rampant among adults could be capable of effectively protecting minors," he said.
The conference was planned some two years ago, but it unfolded precisely at the time when the Vatican is facing back-to-back child sex scandals: One of Francis' top advisers, Cardinal George Pell, recently took leave to face old abuse charges in his native Australia, while in August the Vatican recalled a senior diplomat from its embassy in Washington who got embroiled in a child porn investigation.
Canadian police have issued an arrest warrant for Monsignor Carlo Capella, accusing him of accessing, possessing and distributing child pornography during a visit to an Ontario church over Christmas.
He is now in the Vatican, where prosecutors have opened an investigation.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
The Vatican in 2013 criminalised child porn possession, distribution and production, with sanctions varying from up to two years and a 10,000-euro fine to 12 years and a 250,000-euro fine.
Francis said he wanted people to remember that children look to adults, with light in their eyes and trust in their heart, to protect them.
"What are we doing to make sure they are not robbed of this light, to ensure that those eyes will not be darkened and corrupted by what they will find on the internet?"
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
The Pontifical Gregorian University drew plaudits for hosting the conference and bringing together a remarkable spectrum of specialists to discuss a little-reported issue.
Victims' advocates and other groups nevertheless pointed to the church's many cases of priests convicted of having child porn, and church authorities who covered up for them.
"It is astonishing that those problems were not only swept under the rug at this conference, but treated as qualifications for sponsoring the event," said Terence McKiernan of BishopAccountability, an online resource of the abuse scandal.
The victims group SNAP concurred: "The Vatican should not be leading this summit. They should be the target of this summit."
A young girl died two days after hospital staff failed to notice she was suffering from sepsis, an inquest heard today (wed).
Goda Janulevicuite, six, was taken to hospital after suffering from a high fever, back pain, a bad rash and abdominal tenderness.
She was diagnosed with chicken pox and given paracetamol by doctors who sent her home.
But when her condition deteriorated just hours later, her parents took her back to the Luton and Dunstable Hospital.
She died on the way to Great Ormond Street Hospital in London where medics tried to transfer her to for emergency care.
The inquest into her death heard how a serious case review found that the hospital had failed to detect the complications which later lead to sepsis.
The report also found that Goda's sepsis symptoms were not spotted by the hospital when she was admitted and she was treated for chicken pox.
A coroner at Bedfordshire Coroners' Court in Ampthill, heard today (weds) how a GP visited Goda at her home in Luton, on April 4, 2016, after receiving a call from her father to say that she was unwell and unable to walk to the surgery.
Dr Tahir Mehmood, said: “Her father phoned me and said that she was unwell and has chicken pox for the last three days and asked me to come and see her at home.
“She was unable to walk to the surgery and she had no history of trauma so I thought that I should go and see her.
Dr Mehmood told the inquest that during his visit, he found that Goda's parents had painted her with a Lithuanian green antiseptic lotion to treat a rash.
He added: “She was striking green. It was unusual for me and I had never seen something like that before and she was painted from head to toe.
“The paint was used as an antiseptic lotion, her father told me.
“I could not read what it was for because the bottle was in Lithuanian.”
During his examination at her home, he said that he was concerned that she had back pain but there were no signs of more serious illnesses than chicken pox.
Dr Mehmood concluded that despite Goda being unwell, there were no signs at that stage of serious illness.
However, the youngster's condition worsened and her parents made the decision to take her to hospital.
She died two days later on April 6, 2016.
Dr Mehmood described his shock at hearing of Goda's death.
He said: “I was shocked to hear that died because when I saw her she was a child that was cheerful, happy and although she had a temperature of 37.5 degrees, she was quite well.
The inquest, which is listed for five days, continues.
Former DUP sports minister Gregory Campbell has welcomed comments from a senior GAA figure who suggested the organisation could stop flying the Irish tricolour.
Tyrone manager Mickey Harte, one of the most prominent and well-known figures in the GAA, pointed to past changes within the organisation as he suggested the GAA could stop flying the Irish tricolour and playing the Irish national anthem when “the time is right”.
East Londonderry MP Mr Campbell was sports minister when Mr Harte's Tyrone side won the All-Ireland football championship in 2008. He said Mr Harte's comments were to be welcomed but stressed that there were still significant problems for the GAA to overcome, not least the naming of certain clubs and grounds.
“I do know that there can be an association with the GAA, particularly in Tyrone, and extreme republican agendas,” Mr Campbell said.
“There are a number of grounds in Tyrone named after IRA terrorists. In my own constituency there is a club named after Kevin Lynch, an INLA terrorist.
“I think it is welcome if any figure like Mickey Harte, who is in a prominent position in the GAA, makes statements like that. It is very helpful and it is very useful. I said similar things to Mickey Harte when I was the sports minister and County Tyrone won some sort of Gaelic trophy or other – I think it was called the Sam Maguire.
“I made the point at the time that things were changing and that was welcome but that they needed to do more, so if Mickey Harte is making those type of comments that is welcome.
“I think that these things they are discussing – the Irish national anthem and the tricolour – are things that should be done in their own right. It shouldn't be done only as a means to try and get unionists involved in the GAA – the changes should be made because it is right.”
Speaking during a radio interview with the BBC, Mr Harte said: “If the time's right and people felt there was some movement could happen in that that direction, then I think it will.”
Last month, GAA president Aogán Ó Fearghaíl suggested the association may stop playing the Irish national anthem and flying the Irish tricolour at matches.
Mr Ó Fearghaíl, said he accepted the anthem and tricolour caused “difficulty at home” but stressed that any changes would only come in an “agreed Ireland”.
He later clarified those comments, saying they were “very much in the realms of speculation as to a new future”.
Fender bender fuels full-fledged road rage
Perhaps it was the New Year's Eve traffic that triggered it, but a minor fender bender sent a driver over the edge in Phnom Penh on Saturday, provoking a road rage incident that sent three to the hospital.
A motorbike bumped into the suspect's Toyota Corolla before trying to flee the scene. Enraged, the Toyota driver gave pursuit, slamming the bike from behind. When the three passengers were injured in the collision, it was the car owner's turn to take flight, while they were taken for treatment.
KAMPUCHEA THMEY
DUBAI (Reuters) - Iranian President Hassan Rouhani proposed to parliament on Sunday a conservative state budget of about $104 billion for next year, with the outlook for the economy and state revenues clouded by tensions with the United States.
Iranian President Hassan Rouhani attends a meeting of the Social Council of Iran, in Tehran, Iran, October 31, 2017. President.ir/Handout via REUTERS
Rouhani announced a draft budget for the Iranian year starting next March 21 of 3,681 trillion rials ($103.9 billion at the official exchange rate), excluding the spending of state enterprises.
That is up about 6 percent from the budget plan for the current year, but since inflation is running at nearly 10 percent, the budget extends the conservative fiscal policy which Rouhani introduced after taking office in 2013.
In a speech broadcast live by state television, Rouhani described the budget as one that would work toward full employment, eliminating poverty and creating social justice.
After struggling for years under sanctions, Iran's economy picked up in 2016 after most restrictions were removed under a deal with world powers on its nuclear program. Gross domestic product grew 12.5 percent last year, according to the International Monetary Fund.
But that leap in growth was almost entirely due to a surge in the oil sector as Iran became able to increase its oil exports; the rest of the economy, which is more important to the welfare of most Iranians, improved much less. The IMF projects growth of just 3.5 percent this year.
Unemployment, officially put at around 12.5 percent, is a major cause of public concern and Rouhani said in his speech that 840,000 people would enter the job market next year.
Rouhani is under pressure to boost economic growth and create jobs as his hardline opponents, who were against the nuclear agreement, say he has failed to improve living standards as much as hoped after the lifting of sanctions.
U.S. President Donald Trump, who has taken a hawkish approach toward Iran, has said Tehran's missile program should be curbed and wants to punish Iran over its roles in Yemen and Syria.
Trump has also dealt a blow to the nuclear deal by disavowing Iran's compliance with its terms, and the U.S. Congress may re-impose sanctions or impose new sanctions. This threat has deterred many foreign banks and companies from doing business with Iran.
As in past years, the draft budget shows spending and revenues in balance, although the actual result will depend on fluctuations in oil prices. Next year's budget assumes oil prices of about $55 per barrel, Iranian news agencies reported, up from about $50 assumed for the current year's budget.
The total draft budget, including state enterprises, amounts to 11,949 trillion rials, according to the text of the proposed plan published by Iranian news agencies.
The draft budget has to be passed by parliament and approved by a clerical body that vets legislation before it becomes law.
Contact
Madeleine Giles
***@aidforum.org Madeleine Giles
End
-- Aid & International Development Forum are pleased to open nominations for the Climate Smart Agriculture Project of the Year Award.Collaboration is paramount for the success of Africa's future climate resilient strategy. From Governments, Donors, NGOS and the Private Sector, differing organisations must work together to form new partnerships that improve productivity, resilience and efficiency while lowering carbon output.The Climate Smart Agriculture Project of the Year Award 2018 will recognise outstanding projects which unite multiple stakeholders in the agricultural ecosystem, with the shared goal of establishing or furthering Climate Smart Agriculture initiatives.The nominees will be judged on their innovation, proven impact and project longevity.Nominations will close on the 17April 2018 and the short listed finalists will be announced on the 1May 2018.The winner will be announced at the Africa Climate Smart Agriculture Summit taking place on 15-16 May in Nairobi, Kenya.To nominate a project for the fsbdt award visit: http://www.csa- africa.aidforum.org/ awards/ Eligibility criteria applies.……………………………About AID & International Development Forum:The Aid & International Development Forum (AIDF) strives to be a catalyst of cross-sector collaboration and innovation in humanitarian and development sectors by bringing together governments, UN agencies, intergovernmental agencies, national and international NGOs, development banks, investors and the private sector.AIDF brings together key humanitarian and development practitioners, influencers, investors, thought leaders, policymakers and entrepreneurs. Our events and insights are based on comprehensive research and contributions from world leading experts including government ministers, FAO, UNESCAP, WFP, Asia Development Bank, UN OCHA, World Vision, UNOPS, USAID, GIZ, Red Cross, World Bank and many others. http://www.aidforum.org Press enquiries: madeleineg@aidforum.org
DETROIT, April 3 U.S. sales of new vehicles in March at major automakers came in below market expectations, according to figures released on Monday, sending shares of General Motors Co and Ford Motor Co down more than 2 percent.
The news also weighed on car retailer stocks. The March sales offered the market a glimpse of the overall health of middle-class American consumers.
Car sales in America have risen ever since end of the Great Recession and hit a record last year of 17.55 million. Investors and analysts have been watching for signs that the current boom cycle has begun to wane.
Trucks and SUVs pushed sales at some major automakers higher in March at the expense of cars as American consumers continued to shun smaller vehicles amid low gasoline prices.
No. 1 U.s. automaker General Motors Co reported a 2 percent increase in sales to just over 256,000 vehicles, with sales of its Tahoe and Suburban SUV models seeing their best sales month since 2008.
But sales at Ford Motor Co fell more than 7 percent to 236,000 vehicles, with fleet sales to rental agencies, businesses and government entities down nearly 17 percent on the year. On a conference call, Ford executives said they expected the seasonally adjusted annualized rate (SAAR) for U.S. auto sales of over 17 million vehicles.
Analyst polled by Reuters expected a SAAR of 17.3 million vehicles for March.
Toyota Motor Corp reported a 2.1 percent decrease in sales, including a decline of more than 7 percent at its luxury Lexus brand.
Honda Motor Co Ltd reported an overall decline in sales of 0.7 percent versus March 2016, but said truck sales were up 8.4 percent.
Nissan Motor Co Ltd reported a 3.2 percent increase in sales and said sales of its trucks, SUVs and crossovers were up 26 percent and had hit record highs.
In morning trading, GM shares were down 3.8 percent at $34.03 and Ford was off 2.5 percent at $11.34.
Car retailer Penske Auto Group was down 1.5 percent and Group 1 Automotive was down 3.3 percent on Monday morning.
(Reporting By Nick Carey; Editing by Nick Zieminski)
LAS VEGAS (AP) — The union representing thousands of Las Vegas casino workers says two companies would lose more than $10 million a day combined if housekeepers, cooks and others go on strike.
The Culinary Union detailed Wednesday how it thinks a one-month strike would affect MGM Resorts International and Caesars Entertainment, which operate more than half the properties that would be affected.
The contracts of 50,000 workers employed at 34 casino-hotels expire at midnight Thursday. They could walk off the job any time starting Friday after voting last week to authorize a strike.
MGM says it met with union negotiators this week and has more talks scheduled. The company says it remains confident that it can "resolve the outstanding contract issues."
Advertisement
Caesars did not immediately respond to a request for comment Wednesday.
March 31 Sika AG:
* Has decided on changes in group management
* Following management changes are effective as of April 1, 2017
* Thomas Hasler, currently chief technology officer, is appointed head industry Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
TOKYO Japanese fund managers increased their exposure to equities in their model portfolios in April with strong corporate earnings and better prospects for the global economy helping offset geopolitical concerns.
The survey of five Japan-based fund managers conducted between April 17 and 21 showed respondents on average wanted to allocate 39.1 percent of their model portfolios to stocks in April, from 38.7 percent in March.
Global equities were struck earlier in April by geopolitical worries stemming from the Middle East, the Korean Peninsula and French presidential elections but they have recovered strongly.
With robust earnings helping underscore U.S. corporate health, the Nasdaq Composite stock index topped 6,000 for the first time on Tuesday after dropping to as low as 5,805 mid-month.
The pan-European STOXX 600 index climbed to a 20-month high on Tuesday as focus shifted back to fundamentals and away from politics, with the prospects of anti-European Union candidate Marine Le Pen winning the French presidency curbed after the first round of voting on April 23.
Japan's Nikkei rebounded to a one-month high above 19,000 this week following a descent earlier to a five-month trough near 18,200.
"A rise in geopolitical risks could bring another price adjustment phase to equities. But in such a case we expect equities to rebound eventually even if they are exposed to excessive risk aversion as prospects are good this year for corporate earnings and the global economy," said Yuichi Kodama, chief economist at Meiji Yasuda Insurance.
Within stocks, the respondents kept their allocations to North American, euro zone and Japanese equities unchanged from the previous month at 28.0 percent, 8.3 percent and 43.8 percent, respectively.
They raised their overall bond exposure to 55.5 percent in April from 55.1 percent in March.
The fund managers reduced their North American bond holdings to 31.9 percent from 35.1 percent while increasing euro zone debt exposure to 20.5 percent from 16.8 percent.
Yields of both U.S. Treasuries and German bunds experienced sharp declines to multi-month lows earlier in April on flight-to-safety. But bund yields have bounced back faster from those troughs, with its 10-year yield having climbed back to a one-month high on Tuesday.
The respondents trimmed their Japanese bond exposure to 37.3 percent in April from 38.4 percent in March.
(Reporting by Shinichi Saoshiro; Editing by Sam Holmes)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Blaze broke out in a storage shed attached to a residence on Momouth Avenue
[Scroll to the bottom to see a video of the fire.]
Three people were able to safely flee from a Goleta home that was partially engulfed in flames Tuesday night, according to the Santa Barbara County Fire Department.
At about 6:15 p.m., dispatchers received multiple calls of a possible explosion and fire at the residence on the 6200 block of Momouth Avenue, said fire Capt. Jamie Stewart.
When crews arrived on scene, “it was burning pretty hot,” Stewart said.
Video footage captured by Sgt. Riley Harwood of the Santa Barbara Police Department, who happened to be driving by, showed major flames on the side portion of the house.
Harwood arrived on the scene shortly after the fire broke out, and before fire crews arrived.
Rick Savage, who has lived in the single-story home for 15 years, said his wife and two children were inside when flames broke out, but were able to exit without injury, along with their two Labrador retrievers.
Flames broke out in a storage shed that was along the west side of the home, but quickly spread to an adjacent bedroom and into the attic and roof area, Stewart said.
The bedroom sustained major damage, and there was smoke and heat damage throughout the house, Stewart said.
Savage, who was not home when the fire broke out, stood in his next-door neighbor's yard watching firefighters overhaul and mop up the blaze.
He said the shed was filled with a variety of things, most of which he had intended to get rid of.
Investigators were on scene Tuesday night interviewing witnesses and trying to determine the cause of the blaze.
Noozhawk staff writer Lara Cooper contributed to this report.
— Noozhawk staff writer Lara Cooper can be reached at .(JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address) . Follow Noozhawk on Twitter: @noozhawk, @NoozhawkNews and @NoozhawkBiz. Connect with Noozhawk on Facebook.
GoletaHouseFire from Noozhawk on Vimeo.
By James Law
Video will play in Play now Don't auto play
Never auto play
The man who allegedly killed a stranger in a video uploaded to Facebook told his mother before the shooting that, "If you see me again, it'll be a miracle".
Maggie Green, the mother of accused murderer Steve Stephens, told CNN that he visited her Saturday afternoon, before the shocking act of violence. Later, Mr Stephens told her on the phone that he was "shooting people" because he was "mad with his girlfriend".
Authorities admit that they don't know the whereabouts of the 37-year-old, who disappeared after shooting Robert Godwin Senior, 74, in the head in Cleveland, Ohio, on Sunday.
Five American states are on high alert as police, the Federal Bureau of Investigation and the US Marshals Service hunts for the children's mental health worker, who apparently chose to kill Mr Godwin at random.
Mr Stephens' mobile phone last released a signal, or ping, in Erie, Pennsylvania, 165km northeast of Cleveland, authorities told CNN, but Cleveland police chief Calvin Williams said his last confirmed location was the scene of the crime.
Mr Williams said detectives spoke with Mr Stephens via mobile phone after the "heinous crime" but he had since slipped through the authorities' grasp.
"They tried to convince him to turn himself in and of course that hasn't happened to date," Mr Williams told reporters at a press conference on Monday.
Mr Stephens turned to violence because he was angry with his ex-girlfriend Joy Lane, he says in a video posted to Facebook.
Continued below.
Related Content Mother and daughter die after becoming trapped in sauna for over an hour How DNA led to an arrest in Vanessa Marcotte's murder case Video Raw: Man shoots dead senior citizen on Facebook Live
She told CBS News in a text message that she was "sorry that all of this has happened".
"My heart & prayers goes out to the family members of the victim(s)," she wrote.
"Steve really is a nice guy ... he is generous with everyone he knows. He was kind and loving to me and my children."
In the video, which has since been taken down from the social media site, Mr Stephens approaches Mr Godwin and asks him to repeat Joy Lane's name saying, "She's the reason this is about to happen to you".
He pulls the trigger on the gun and the man falls to the ground, with blood rushing from his face.
Mr Stephens wrote on Facebook he wouldn't stop killing until he received a call from his mother and Ms Lane.
Mr Williams said officers had searched for the suspect at dozens of locations "to no avail".
Mr Stephens said in Facebook comments that he had killed 15 people in Cleveland, but Mr Williams said there was no evidence that he had killed anyone other than Mr Godwin.
The police chief warned residents that there was a lot of misinformation doing the rounds on social media.
"We don't want people to panic," Mr Williams said.
"Unfortunately, there's been one fatality, one homicide in this entire scenario, and we want to keep it that way.
"We're still asking Steve to turn himself in, but if he doesn't we'll find him ... we're not going to stop until he's in custody."
Mr Williams said the suspect had no criminal history but "obviously, he's got deep, deep issues".
FBI special agent in charge of the investigation, Stephen Anthony, said the goal was to find Mr Stephens before there was any further violence.
"This individual is armed and dangerous and, quite frankly, at this point he could be a lot of places. He could be nearby, he could be far away and anywhere in between," he said.
"We need to take this individual off the street ... rest assured that we're using any and all resources to work this, not just in the Cleveland area, but throughout the United States."
US Marshall Peter Elliott said he was "optimistic" Mr Stephens would be found quickly.
"We're going to make this individual's world very, very, very small," he said.
Mr Godwin, a father of nine and grandfather of 14, was shot walking home after enjoying an Easter meal with his children.
The hunt for Mr Stephens had been widened to include the states of Pennsylvania, New York, Indiana and Michigan.
The suspect is described as African-American, 185cm tall and 108kg with a full beard.
Police have told Americans to be on the lookout for his car, a white Ford Fusion.
Mr Williams urged people not to contribute to any GoFundMe pages taking donations because they had not been set up by Mr Godwin's family.
- news.com.au
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
SYDNEY, April 10 The Australian government on Monday selected U.S.-based defence contractor Raytheon Co as the sole bidder for a ground-based air defence system contract worth up to A$2 billion ($1.50 billion).
The surface-to-air missile system will replace the country's 30-year-old short-range capability, which is due to be retired by early next decade, Defence Minister Marise Payne said in a statement.
"A modern and integrated ground-based air defence system is needed to protect our deployed forces from increasingly sophisticated air threats, both globally and within our region," Payne said.
Australia, a staunch U.S. ally, last year committed to increase defence spending by nearly A$30 billion over the next 10 years at a time when China's economic and military power is growing throughout the Asia-Pacific region.
Australia has been streamlining its military tendering process to more quickly acquire equipment. Raytheon Australia will receive a single supplier limited request for tender (RFT) for the ground-based air defence system by the end of June, the government said.
Raytheon Australia said its proposal was based on the Raytheon/Kongsberg Gruppen ASA National Advanced Surface to Air Missile System in use by seven countries, including the United States, Norway, Finland, Spain and the Netherlands.
"Our solution combines proven U.S. and Norwegian technology and Australian innovation backed by local integration and sustainment capability," said Raytheon Australia Managing Director Michael Ward. ($1 = 1.3367 Australian dollars) (Reporting by Jamie Freed)
Staff members work at the booth of Royal Dutch Shell at Gastech, the world's biggest expo for the gas industry, in Chiba, Japan, April 4, 2017. REUTERS/Toru Hanai
LONDON Anglo-Dutch oil major Royal Dutch Shell (RDSa.L) said it has urged the Dutch government to come up with bolder offshore wind targets and quadruple the goal for installed capacity to 20 gigawatts (GW) by 2030.
Europe's biggest oil company, which has traditionally invested little in green energy sources, is ramping up renewable energy investments to $1 billion a year by the end of the decade after pressure from shareholders to do so and as it sees governments turning to less carbon intensive and more flexible fuels.
Some of its recent activities in renewable energy include winning a contract, as part of a consortium, to build a wind farm off the coast of the Netherlands and bidding for an offshore wind licence in the United States.
In the Netherlands, where it is by far the largest listed company, it is lobbying the government to raise its long-term offshore wind target to give investors clarity on priorities further out.
"We need to lower the costs of development, but we would also want the Dutch government to come up with the policy for a further rollout of 10-15 GW in capacity for the period until 2030," said a spokeswoman for Shell in the Netherlands.
The Netherlands is lagging other European countries in renewable energy investments and was ordered by a district court in The Hague in 2015 to cut carbon emissions by 25 percent within five years after losing a court case brought by environmental campaigners.
The government has since launched a programme to speed up renewable energy projects, including tenders to build 4.5 GW of offshore wind farm capacity and more beyond that.
As part of a group of the Netherlands' largest companies, Shell has called on policymakers making up the next Dutch government to adopt a comprehensive climate law that will help the country meet targets set out in the 2015 Paris climate accord.
Shell said in its sustainability report published on Wednesday it was "helping" policymakers in the Netherlands to find an energy mix that allowed reducing greenhouse gas emissions.
"The economics ministry regularly speaks with companies, regional governments and other organisations about energy efficiency, CO2 emissions reduction and the energy transition. Shell also takes part in these discussions," said a spokeswoman for the Dutch government.
Shell, which operates the Netherlands' largest operating gas field in Groningen jointly with Exxon Mobil, is also pushing for the use of gas to complement erratic renewable energy production.
The Dutch government has capped the amount of gas that can be produced from the Groningen field because of related earthquakes and wants to continue winding down output as part of its emissions-cutting plans.
"The largest contribution Shell can make to reducing emissions globally in the near term is to continue to grow the role of natural gas," Shell Chief Executive Ben van Beurden said at an industry event last month.
(Additional reporting by Thomas Escritt in Amsterdam; Editing by Susan Fenton)
MILAN, April 5 Italian clothing group Benetton has named a fashion industry expert as its new boss to help revive its brand in the face of growing competition from rivals such as Swedish retailer H&M and Inditex's Zara.
The group, whose sales have suffered in recent years, said in a statement on Wednesday that Tommaso Bruso would become chief operating officer while Chief Executive Marco Airoldi - a former partner at Boston Consulting who took the helm at Benetton in 2104 - was stepping down.
A source close to the matter said Bruso, currently in charge of the U.S. unit of Italian clothing group Diesel, would effectively replace Airoldi to revamp Benetton's labels and the group's franchising network.
Benetton, fully owned by the eponymous family through their Edizione holding, has had more than half a dozen chief executives in the past 15 years. Airoldi had focused on overhauling the structure of the company, separating the real estate business from the core activities of the group.
The company, which has 5,000 stores around the world, in 2013 embarked on a restructuring plan aimed at cutting down losses and retaking its place amongst forefront fashion brands.
Famous in the 1980s and 1990s for its colourful jumpers and controversial advertising campaign, Benetton has failed to keep up with the rapid expansion of trendier rivals such as Zara, which woos clients with fast-changing, affordable collections inspired by catwalk fashion.
In the latest financial statement available the group reported a 1.2 percent drop in 2015 sales to 1.53 billion euros and a 46 million euro loss for the year.
Before joining Diesel, Bruso was the CEO for North America at Italian handbag and accessories maker Furla.
The chairman of Edizione, Gilberto Benetton, said last year the group was not looking for investors but may list again in a few years, after de-listing in 2012. (Reporting by Elisa Anzolin, writing by Silvia Aloisi; editing by Susan Thomas)
Boys, who have an X and a Y, only have the mutated gene, which generally results in their death either in utero or shortly after they are born. There is currently no treatment or cure.
Henry has Rett syndrome, which is extremely rare in boys. Courtesy Richard Engel
Engel's son, Henry, is alive because his mutation isn't severe enough to kill him, although it has affected the toddler's cognitive and motor skills. The protein produced by his cells is somewhat functional, albeit at lower levels than optimal.
“In Henry's case, it doesn't totally inactivate the protein,” said Dr. Huda Zoghbi, one of Henry's doctors and the discoverer of the gene for Rett. “But it's not functioning fully and not at 100 percent at normal level.”
Engel and his wife, Mary Forrest, knew early on that something wasn't right with their son, Henry. Even as the boy approached the second year of his life, he couldn't talk or clap his hands. He also couldn't walk or even sit up straight, Engel told TODAY on Tuesday.
“It was a mystery and we thought, ‘Okay, well, there are late bloomers,'” Engel said.
Children who have Rett syndrome develop normally at first but they start to show a variety of neurological problems during the first year. Courtesy Richard Engel
The MeCP2 protein, it turns out, is very important for building connections in the brain, said Dr. Jeffrey Neul, a Rett specialist and a professor of pediatrics and director of the Vanderbilt Kennedy Center at the Vanderbilt University Medical Center. “This gene works inside the nucleus — the control center — of the cell,” Neul said. “It's controlling what other genes and proteins are made within the cell in response to stimuli.”
Without enough functional protein, the brain can't cement connections that are built when a person acquires new abilities, such as walking and talking.
There may be a potential for actually making things better or even significantly reversing the disease. Now the challenge is figuring out how you do that. There may be a potential for actually making things better or even significantly reversing the disease. Now the challenge is figuring out how you do that.
Henry has offered researchers a window on the disease and made it easier to study because every single cell in his body has the mutated gene, said Zoghbi, an investigator at the Howard Hughes Medical Institute and a professor and director of the Texas Children's Duncan Neurological Research Institute at Baylor College of Medicine.
Fortunately, the disease doesn't kill brain cells. So if a way can be found to boost levels of the protein or correct the actual gene, people with the disease would be able to start learning everything they couldn't before treatment. And this might result in a complete cure, especially in children.
Dr. Huda Zoghbi https://t.co/gr65xO8GSk and her team discovered the origin of RETT Syndrome, now with Henry's help she wants to beat it. Go Huda! pic.twitter.com/FAGo1CrrVP — Richard Engel (@RichardEngel) January 30, 2018
The most promising evidence for that comes from animal studies, Neul said. Using a mouse model that allowed the gene to be turned off and on, researchers showed that when the gene wasn't working, the mice developed Rett-like symptoms. When the gene was turned back on, the mice got better, Neul said.
“That told us where to go,” he added. “And that there may be a potential for actually making things better or even significantly reversing the disease. Now the challenge is figuring out how you do that. That initial work gave us a lot of hope.”
Researchers are using Henry's cells with hopes of finding a key to treatment. Courtesy Richard Engel
Some groups are working on a treatment that would help girls, by turning on the working copy of the gene in cells currently running with the dysfunctional one, said neurologist Dr. David Lieberman, director of the Rett Clinic at Harvard Medical School's Boston Children's Hospital. Another group is looking at the possibility of using gene therapy to deliver normal copies of the gene to cells in the brain, Lieberman said.
“There's one caveat with gene therapy,” Lieberman said. “There exists another disorder, described first by Huda Zoghbi, if there are too many copies of the MeCP2 gene. So you have to be able to adjust the protein level so there's enough, but not too much.”
While a cure isn't likely to happen soon, “I think we're on the right path,” Zoghbi said. “I think the technology, and the genetic approaches, and everything that's available, empowers us. It's hard to say we're close. We're just starting. We have to do the work.”
Linda Carroll is a regular contributor to NBCNews.com and TODAY.com
PROPERTY worth thousands of dollars went up in flames on Monday after a fire razed down a NetOne shop in Marondera.
Residents watched helplessly as the fire engulfed the building, with the police blocking bystanders from looting mobile phones and recharge cards.
Mashonaland East acting police provincial spokesperson Assistant Inspector Tendai Mwanza said he was waiting for a report from police officers investigating the incident.
Efforts to get a comment from NetOne officials were fruitless, with a junior employee, who spoke on condition of anonymity, saying the fire destroyed goods in the storeroom and kitchen.
“The destruction mainly occurred in the storeroom and kitchen. It is in the storeroom where there are machines that deal with network systems,” the employee said. Newsday
April 28 Maiquer Group Co Ltd:
* Sees net profit for H1 2017 could fall up to 50 percent, or to be 10.8 million yuan to 21.5 million yuan, compared to net profit of the same period in 2016 (21.5 million yuan)
* Comments that increased selling price is the main reason for the forecast
Source text in Chinese: goo.gl/rdr0Pw
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
April 3Huatai Securities Co Ltd :
* Says it plans to pay cash 5 yuan per 10 shares as FY 2016 div payment
Source text in Chinese: goo.gl/19SgzA
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
Ignite Entrepreneurship & Investment Summit adds Kaya Wittenburg as guest speaker
Ignite Summit FL
End
-- Organizers of the Ignite Entrepreneurship and Investment Summit have announced founder of Miami based Sky Five Properties, Kaya Wittenburg as special keynote speaker at this year's event. Kaya will be delivering a special presentation on design + SEO for entrepreneurs, business owners, and the investors who back them.Kaya Wittenburg is one of Miami's leading real estate figures, responsible for more than $4B in property sales. He is also a former Versace model, founder of a South Florida SEO agency and modeling agency, TV personality and former member of the Board of Directors for the Miami Chamber of Commerce, and was nominated as the 'The Most Beautiful Man in the World'. Those who have met Kaya describe him as an incredibly giving individual who supports entrepreneurs through Kiva, and treats everyone with the same amount of respect; whether they are new real estate agents, looking for a start home on Miami Beach, or are selling a $60M waterfront mansion.This year's Ignite Summit is to be held at the exciting Hyatt Regency Coconutpoint Resort and Spa in SWFL. The AAA Four Diamond Hotel venue has cultivated over a dozen awards in the last 36 months, including; Top Renovated Meeting Site, Best Conference Hotel, Orbitz Worldwide Best in Stay, and Expedia Insiders' Select Top Hotel Worldwide.IgniteSummitFL offers a full cycle experiential educational event for everyone from aspiring startup entrepreneurs needing funding, to business owners looking to accelerate their growth, and investors with successful exits looking for the best opportunities to reinvest their capital and build sustainable legacies. The November 18event includes a pre-event influencer Meetup the evening before, and after party.Attendees confirmed so far include entrepreneurs, business owners and investors from New Jersey to California, and throughout the Sunshine State. Other speakers at the 2017 event include; NNG Capital Fund founder Fuquan Bilal, Sensei Gilliland of Black Belt Investors, Rosa Houghten, and wealth advisor Jim Beam.Find out more about Kaya at www.SkyFiveProperties.com or reserve your tickets while they last at www.IgniteSummitFL.com
Spring is an opportunity to recognize and celebrate many of our school employees.
In April, we have National School Librarian Day and National Assistant Principals Week. In May, there's National Teacher Day and National Teacher Appreciation Week, as well as National School Nurses Day, School Nutrition Employee Appreciation Week and School Lunch Hero Day.
Here at the Portland Public Schools, we are deeply grateful to all our staff members for all they do to help our students learn and/or be ready to learn.
This also is a good time to reflect on how critical Portland Public Schools' staff is to the vision of our school district, which states: “All learners will be fully prepared to participate and succeed in a diverse and ever-changing world.” Without an excellent, diverse staff our students can't succeed in the way we envision. That is why we have made “People” one of the four goals in our district's new Comprehensive Plan.
Our People goal states: “The Portland Public Schools attracts, supports and retains talented and diverse people who use their strengths to achieve our shared goals.”
In recent columns, I've written about the other goals in our Comprehensive Plan: Achievement, Equity and Whole Student. This month, I'm focusing on People. This fourth goal supports our three other goals and is critical to our achieving them.
We're fortunate to have many outstanding staff members. Some examples:
• Ann Hanna, assistant principal at Ocean Avenue Elementary School, is Maine's 2017 Elementary School Assistant Principal of the Year.
• Grecia Caraballo, a Spanish immersion teacher at Lyseth Elementary School, was named the Foreign Language Association of Maine's 2017 Teacher of the Year.
• Lauren Cormier, a social studies teacher at Lyman Moore Middle School, recently was selected as Teacher of the Year by both the VFW Deering Memorial Post and District 10. Cormier was honored for her commitment to teaching students about U.S. history and the importance of civic responsibility and service.
We also have many other excellent staff members who may not have received formal recognition for their efforts, but who work tirelessly to help students succeed. We know this because our students and parents tell us about these teachers and other staff that really make a difference in students' lives.
However, as Maine's largest and most diverse school district, we also hear concerns from students that our faculty doesn't reflect the diversity in our classrooms. That's an issue not just for us, but also for schools across the country. We are now taking steps to try to increase the diversity of our workforce.
For example, we're kicking off an initiative this summer that focuses on creating a pipeline of diverse educators who more closely reflect the diversity of our students and their families.
The four-week summer program, co-sponsored by the University of Southern Maine, seeks to build interest in the teaching profession while also increasing the diversity of our teachers. The program will provide an opportunity for participants to experience teaching firsthand as interns in a PPS summer learning classroom, and to earn three college credits, tuition-free, by attending an introductory course in education at USM.
We hope to start with 20 participants comprised of current high school students, college students who are not currently majoring in education, and adults from the community who are interested in teaching as a profession. Program attendees will also receive a stipend for participating.
We're also launching a new staff training program to promote cultural competency and foster a deeper understanding of the role of culture in learning. Our Cultural Competency Training Program will begin with staff from Central Office, school leaders and teaching staff. We will extend this to all staff over the next two years. We are grateful for a grant from the Bangor Savings Bank Foundation to help underwrite some of this work and will continue to seek outside funding for this program.
These initiatives will help us attract new talent, strengthen our organizational culture and assist the district in its mission of ensuring a challenging, relevant and joyful education that empowers every learner to make a difference in the world.
Xavier Botana is superintendent of the Portland Public Schools. He can be reached at superintendent@portlandschools.org.
The global Visceral Pain Market is expected to reach USD 14.22 billion by 2024, driven by the increasing geriatric population globally. Increasing prevalence of visceral pain and rising awareness regarding the same is projected to drive market growth over the forecast period.
In 2016, North America held the majority of share in global visceral pain market owing to the increasing healthcare expenditure. Additionally, the high prevalence of Crohn's and irritable bowel is expected to propel the growth of the market over the projected period.
Asia Pacific is expected to be the fastest growing region with the CAGR of 6.2%. The increase in the healthcare infrastructure and presence of a large pool of patients is projected to drive the demand for the visceral pain industry during the forecast period.
Analgesic segment dominated the market for the visceral pain with the market share of 60.4%. The major share of the analgesic segment is attributed to the increasing penetration of generic drug. Furthermore, rising healthcare expenditure and an increasing use of opioids for the chronic pain are the key factors attributing to its share.
Browse Details of Report @ https://www.hexaresearch.com/research-report/visceral-pain-market
In 2016, Crohn's disease was the largest indication segment for the visceral pain market contributing to 41.4% of the market share. Increasing occurrences of Crohn's disease across the globe coupled with the growing drug therapies for the treatment of the disease are the key factors attributing to the major share. Furthermore, increasing awareness about Crohn's disease is fueling the demand for treatment therapies.
Key market players include Pfizer, Johnson & Johnson, Abbvie, Takeda, Allergan, and AstraZeneca. These companies are focusing on R&D for visceral pain therapeutics. These companies are likely to cater their products to patients affected by visceral pain. The growth of the geriatric population is expected to help in augmenting the profits of these companies over the next few years.
Growing focus on research and development by pharmaceutical companies and government initiatives are expected to boost the visceral pain industry during the forecast period. The market is projected to witness significant gain during the forecast period owing to increasing collaboration within pharmaceutical companies. Also, factors such as increasing awareness among people regarding visceral pain are further anticipated to propel the market growth.
Hexa Research has segmented the global visceral pain market on the basis of therapeutics, indications and region:
Segmentation by therapeutics, 2014 – 2024 (USD Million)
• Analgesics
• Narcotics
• NSAID
• Pain modifiers
• Tricyclic Antidepressants
• Tricyclic Anticonvulsant
• Others
Segmentation by indications, 2014 – 2024 (USD Million)
• Interstitial cystitis
• Crohn's
• Irritable bowel
• Chronic prostatitis
Segmentation by region, 2014 – 2024 (USD Million)
• North America
• Europe
• Asia Pacific
• Rest of the World (RoW)
Key players analyzed:
• Pfizer Inc.
• Allergan
• Johnson & Johnson
• Bayer AG
• Takeda Pharmaceutical Company Limited
• Mallinkrodt Pharmaceuticals
• AbbVie Inc.
• AstraZeneca
Browse Related Category Market Reports @ https://www.hexaresearch.com/research-category/clinical-diagnostics-industry
COLOMBO, March 31 Sri Lankan shares closed at their highest in nearly three weeks on Friday, rising for a fourth straight session on purchases by foreign investors and on quarter-end window dressing, stockbrokers said.
The Colombo stock index ended 0.36 percent firmer at 6,061.94, its highest close since March 13. The index rose 1.1 percent on week, posting its first weekly gain in six.
"We are seeing some significant improvement in investor confidence. Local institutions have started to come in to the market. They may be feeling that this is the right time as the market has bottomed out," said Dimantha Mathew, head of research, First Capital Equities (Pvt) Ltd.
"Retail investors are still on wait and see, but the bigger players are getting in with heavy foreign participation."
Foreign investors net bought shares worth 1.06 billion rupees ($6.99 million) on Friday, the highest net foreign purchases since Dec. 8, raising the year-to-date net foreign inflow to 5.64 billion rupees in equities.
Turnover stood at 1.74 billion rupees, well above this year's daily average of 734.8 million rupees.
Shares of the biggest listed lender Commercial Bank of Ceylon Plc climbed 1.57 percent, while Ceylinco Insurance Plc jumped 6.46 percent and conglomerate John Keells Holdings Plc rose 0.66 percent. ($1 = 151.7500 Sri Lankan rupees) (Reporting by Ranga Sirilal; Editing by Biju Dwarakanath)
(Waynesboro, GA)
Heather Hillis has known that this is what she wanted to do since she was in first grade. She says teaching chose her.
“It wasn't one of the things that I ever thought going to school that I would pick,” Hills says. “But as I got into teaching and working with kids, I saw a need. And my heart just reached out to those kids.”
Now she puts her heart into every lesson for her special needs pre-k class at Waynesboro Primary School. Progress is measured by individual accomplishments in here.
“When they're able to do things that they couldn't do in the past, when they overcome not being able to blow their nose, now they can blow their nose. When they couldn't read and now all of a sudden they're coming to you and they're reading chapter books.”
How does Ms. Hillis do it? How does she have what it takes to be such a positive force in these young lives? She says with a lot of prayer and a lot of patience.
“You have to wait and listen and give them time. They have emotions. Even at 4 years old. They're mad, they're angry. And instead of telling them, you can't be mad, get over it, you validate. Yes, you're upset. It's my job to be calm and let them understand that this is okay, but this is how we deal with it.”
Congratulations Heather Hillis, getting her pre-k kids ready for a lifetime of success.
“I want them to turn out to be good citizens,” she says. “ I want them to turn out to be able to contribute to society in a positive way. That they're going to want to give back to the community. That they're going to understand that everybody's important. And treat people that way.”
U.S. President Donald Trump looks up during his meeting with Egyptian PresidentAbdel Fattah al-Sisi in the Oval Office of the White House in Washington, U.S., April 3, 2017. REUTERS/Kevin Lamarque
A U.S. appeals court said on Monday it would hold a hearing in May over a Hawaii federal judge's order that blocked President Donald Trump's revised travel restrictions on people from several Muslim-majority countries.
The 9th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals previously upheld a Seattle judge's block of Trump's first travel order. The appeals court did not say on Monday which three judges would preside over the latest appeal.
(Reporting by Dan Levine in San Francisco; Editing by Peter Cooney)
The clocks have just gone back and it's cold and dark outside, so here's the challenge. Where do you go to get some warm winter sunshine at a great value price, a quality hotel on a perfect sandy beach, with a flight that lasts less than two and a half hours?
Well, get your travel hit list out, and your bag packed, because having just returned from Portugal with my wife, staying at the Holiday Inn Algarve, for seven nights in the small but perfectly formed resort of Armacao de Pera, on a Saga Travel package, I now have the answer.
Sunset on the Algarve
Here is why I was so impressed … let's start with the hotel:
The Holiday Inn, Algarve, Armacao de Pera
‘Location, location, location'. This old adage in the property business is also very apt when it comes to holidays and it's hard to imagine a more perfectly situated hotel. Walk out the back of the hotel, down a few steps and you are in the sand with the sea lapping around your ankles.
This was great for my early morning, pre-breakfast beach walks to photograph the perfect sunrise. Head out of the front door and you are right on the promenade, with shops and restaurants within minutes.
Saga offer four-star accommodation
The four-star Holiday Inn, Algarve is a highly efficient hotel, with friendly and helpful reception staff who all speak good English. We had an immaculately clean and spacious room with a small balcony overlooking the sea and all Saga allocated rooms have air conditioning, a safe, tea making facilities, a fridge and a TV that gets the main British channels. No missing ‘The Great British Bake Off' here!
Add to all that, a very nice outdoor pool overlooking the beach, a gym if you are that way inclined, a hairdresser and an ocean view lounge bar and it was almost impossible not to feel relaxed. A couple of nights during the week the hotel also offers live entertainment in the bar.
What about food? Well, most dining takes place in the main restaurant, which is buffet style. The view of the sea, through the floor to ceiling windows, gives the impression of almost being on a cruise ship.
Guests always have a choice of meat, vegetarian or fish dishes and the hotel thoughtfully offers sugar free, or gluten free breakfast cereals in the morning.
Footprints in the Armacao de Pera sand.
Like many guests, we were on the ‘all inclusive' board option. This meant we got lunch and selectively listed drinks during set times of the day, which included wine and beer and of course as you would expect in Portugal… Port.
As an alternative, you could also choose to dine in the Raj, an independent Indian restaurant attached to the hotel, for an extra charge. The food and service here was outstanding and the night we dined there, we were treated to a very lively ‘hot jazz' performance by the group ‘Cool Manouche'. A fabulous atmosphere and evening.
With all this it's hardly surprising that many of the guests we met return year after year. We chatted with one couple, who were on their 21st visit. I think they liked it!
The Saga Service
The hotel pool
One of the most important emotional touch-points of any holiday is the arrival and welcome and this could hardly have been better.
After a seamless pickup at Faro airport and just a 35 minutes transfer, we were literally met at the hotel door with a warm handshake from our very smart Saga rep Luis. Our bags instantly disappeared, only to re-emerge in our room by the time we got there.
We however, were immediately whisked away to the hotel lounge for 'white sangria' and a personal briefing from Luis – a great welcome and a wonderful start.
Amazingly, Luis maintained this level of enthusiasm and service to all Saga guests, throughout the whole week. Wherever you were in the hotel, Luis would almost magically pop up looking for ways to help. “I treat guests as if I were dealing with friends in my own home," he told me.
As a Portuguese local, he was very keen to share the local culture and to engage with Saga guests. One evening he led a discussion about local food and culture and on another he organised and ran a quiz. Low key, but very sociable and fun.
Saga Excursions
For guests who want to be a bit more active and do more than relax by the pool or beach, as part of the price of seven day holidays are two included excursions.
These are ‘The Cork Route', which culminates in a visit to a traditional cork factory. The other is a great value full day tour of the Western Algarve, taking in Lagos, Sagres, and Cape St Vincent… the most south-westerly point in Europe.
Those guests, staying for two weeks, also get an additional two included excursions. These are… ‘Algarve Villages', a full day exploring traditional pretty villages, churches and white washed houses. The other is the ‘Sardine Route', a half-day trip to a fishing village and sardine factory.
A full list of other optional excursions is also offered to Saga guests, for an additional charge.
The Resort – Armacao de Pera
With a population of just 10,000 local residents, Armacao de Pera, has long standing fishing roots and traditions. In fact the name ‘Armacao' means the setting of tuna nets, so called because of the fisherman who used to visit every spring and summer. Part of the beach is still known locally as ‘Fisherman's Beach'.
Here you can choose from several very ‘lay back' coffee bars, where for an amazing 2.5 euros you can buy a beer and a great cup of coffee, and sit for as long as you want, soaking up the sun and sea. By far the best of these coffee bars is Café Palhota.
Now of course, tourism also plays a huge part in the resort's economy. With its mix of traditional Portuguese living, and the usual tourist souvenir shops and restaurants, Armacao de Pera makes an interesting and lovely holiday destination.
The holiday verdict
Wearing my travel writer hat, I have over many years, become a self-confessed grumpy cynic. So before our trip, when I read in the ‘Saga Europe and Mediterranean' brochure – ‘quite simply the most relaxing beach holidays you can imagine' – I took this as just marketing hype.
The simple fact however, is that this claim turned out to be totally justified. My short trip delivered on every level – great value and reassuringly high standards from Saga Travel.
As a region, the Algarve offers fantastic beaches; a climate that is generally sunny and dry all year round… perfect for sun bathing; walking and of course golf. I only wish I had stayed for two weeks!
Travel Facts
Saga Travel offer packages to the locally rated four-star Holiday Inn, in Armacao de Pera, Algarve from prices starting at £453 per person departing from London Gatwick for seven nights half board – all-inclusive options are also available.
It includes: All breakfasts and dinners, free Wi-Fi at your hotel, fruit and water in your room on arrival, porterage at the hotel, return flights and transfers, dedicated Saga Representative and welcome drink as well as two local excursions.
Contact: Saga Holidays 0800 092 0803, or visit their special website pages for full details of this holiday and other Portugal holidays.
https://travel.saga.co.uk/holidays/destinations/europe/portugal.aspx
For additional information about the Holiday Inn, Algarve visit: https://www.ihg.com/holidayinn/hotels/us/en/algarve/faoap/hoteldetail?cm_mmc=GoogleMaps-_-HI-_-PT-_-FAOP
March 29 Qualcomm Inc:
* Qualcomm appoints Dr. James H. Thompson as chief technology officer
* Qualcomm Inc - matt grob will transition to role of executive vice president of technology, Qualcomm Technologies, Inc
* Qualcomm Inc - James H. Thompson, executive vice president of engineering, Qualcomm Technologies, Inc., has been appointed to additional position of CTO Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Developers of the $1 billion-plus Britomart precinct in downtown Auckland have announced a new 104-room, 10-level hotel on the site of Better Burger and The Britomart Country Club.
Cooper and Company said Bracewell Construction would begin building The Hotel Britomart on the corner of Gore St and Galway St in the area where the hospitality businesses traded but had now shut.
Plans for the new Britomart hotel.
Matthew Cockram, Cooper and Company chief executive, said international chain TFE Hotels had been appointed the operator and manager.
"Cooper and Company is commencing construction of The Hotel Britomart, a new 10-level development designed by Cheshire Architects in the Britomart precinct," a company statement said.
Advertisement
"The hotel will be built at the corner of Gore and Galway Streets, with the development extending to include the refurbishment and restoration of the adjoining Masonic and Buckland heritage buildings.
"International hoteliers TFE Hotels have been appointed as operator and manager of the hotel under the TFE Collections brand."
Colliers International said this week New Zealand was suffering from a critical hotel room shortage. Only 526 rooms had been added to Auckland's hotel stock since 2013 and only 158 to Queenstown. Yet both were gateway areas for New Zealand tourism.
Dean Humphries, Colliers' national director of hotels and tourism, said the NZ International Convention Centre was expected to attract about 33,000 delegates a year; the America's Cup could attract 150,000 to 175,000 international visitors and Apec could attract 22,000 attendees, including 10,000 for the summit week alone.
The Ministry of Business, Innovation and Employment has estimated New Zealand will have 5 million international visitors by 2024.
A new hotel is being built at the NZICC between Hobson St and Nelson St and a new Karaka hotel was announced last month under the Doubletree by Hilton brand.
Plans for the new DoubleTree by Hilton to be built at Karaka, a deal announced last month.
Cockram said his company's new hotel was the start of a new phase of Britomart's evolution. Nat Cheshire designed the building with Dajiang Tai, also of Cheshire Architects and it also designed the interiors.
"The project allows us to reach into the heart of the city block and open up intimate new laneways and a tiny cobbled square, which will enrich the streetscape and the future of Britomart. For us, this is as exciting as the hotel itself," Cheshire said.
Five suites will be developed and three of those will have outdoor areas, designed by Cheshire Architects and Seattle's Lucas Design Associates.
"The suites reference The Landing, the vineyard with luxury residences in the Bay of Islands also managed by Cooper and Company," the statement said, referring to Peter Cooper's rural waterfront Bay of Islands property, The Landing, where he is selling sites, many of them rural and waterfront.
The hotel's ground level will have shops and a lobby and the adjoining Masonic and Buckland heritage buildings will be restored as part of the project.
Matthew Cockram who announced the new hotel.
"The Hotel Britomart's ground floor will be occupied by retail outlets and food and beverage offerings. The new hotel will be connected to the adjacent heritage buildings by a laneway that will lead to the hotel's main entrance and also form a new connection with Customs Street through the Masonic Building. Cooper and Company is working with Auckland Council and Auckland Transport to transform Galway Street into a shared space during the hotel construction process, making the Britomart precinct an even more welcoming environment for pedestrians," the statement said.
The announcement follows the developer's ditched plans for a new Quay St hotel in controversial and much-criticised plans launched eight years ago when a panel of independent commissioners approved a towering hotel in the area which includes the Union Fish, Police Wharf and Northern Steamship buildings.
Concerns were raised at the time by the Auckland Council, Auckland Regional Council, Historic Places Trust and heritage campaigner Allan Matson to preserve the "low-rise, heritage-based precinct".
That was in 2010 and now a new site has been chosen for the development.
Cockram's statement said construction would take 20 months.
Bob Fisher
CHARLES CITY (AP) — A Charles City man has been sentenced to up to 50 years in prison for the June shooting death of another man.
36-year-old Antoine Williams was sentenced Friday for second-degree murder. Iowa law says he must serve nearly 38 years before he can be released.
Williams was found guilty by a Floyd County jury in October of killing 36-year-old Nathaniel Fleming on June 30 in Charles City.
Police have said Williams shot Fleming, of Mason City, several times before pulling Fleming out of a vehicle and fleeing the scene. Williams testified that he shot Fleming when he thought Fleming was reaching for a gun.
Visited Nepal to please Communist leaders, the visit to Pashupatinath Temple, a revered Hindu Shrine or foundation of the soft power of diplomacy of India, was not in priority during the fourth Nepal visit by India' External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj.
It has been a long tradition for Hindu Indian ministers or Indian officials to pay a visit to Pashupatinath whenever they pay official or any other visit to Nepal. According to a popular online deshsanchar.com, external affairs minister Swaraj also visited Pashupatinath last time. Interestingly, she spared most of the time to meet political leaders but she did not spare time to go there.
Prime Minister of India Narendra Modi performed a special Puja in Pashupatinath and willing to visit Jankpur and Muktichhetri. The senior official of Pashupati Development Board told deshsanchar.com that they waited till the afternoon hoping that Indian External Affairs Minister and her team would visit Pashupati.
This is the first time that Indian high-level minister and his delegation Hindu members did not visit Pashupatinath, the main Hindu Temple. All the Hindus in India regard Pashupatinath as the main shrine.
/ Front page / News
+ Enlarge this image Maritime Zone ... Last weeks zone was the last qualifier to this weekends Coke Games. Picture: JONACANI LALAKOBAU
Update: 12:03AM TWO THOUSAND, four hundred and ninety five athletes will battle for high school athletics supremacy when the Coca-Cola Games opens on Thursday April 20.
The two and half day event, the biggest annual high school sporting event in the South Pacific will bring together 147 schools from around Fiji.
Fiji Secondary Schools Athletics Association secretary Vuli Waqa confirmed at a press conference today that it is an increase from last year at least, when some schools in TC Winston stricken parts of the country opted out of the annual event.
Mr Waqa said 350 officials from various schools and from the FSSAA would stage the games.
The Coke Games ends three months of preparations and 17 zones meets.
Several people have hung a banner emblazoned with a message about abolishing Immigration and Customs Enforcement from the pedestal of the Statue of Liberty and have been arrested.
National Park Service spokesman Jerry Willis says at least six people were taken into custody Wednesday. He says federal code of regulations prohibits hanging banners from the monument.
The large banner said "Abolish I.C.E." ICE is a division of the Department of Homeland Security whose officers arrest and deport unauthorized immigrants inside the US, among other duties.
Activists with the group Rise and Resist say they hung the banner to protest US immigration policy. They oppose President Donald Trump's administration and advocate ending deportations and family separations at the US-Mexico border.
ATLANTA (AP) — It can sometimes seem as though mass shootings are occurring more frequently. Researchers who have been studying such crimes for decades say they aren't, but they have been getting deadlier.
In the five years since a gunman killed 20 children and six adults at a Connecticut elementary school, the nation has seen a number of massacres topping the death toll from Newtown and previous mass shootings, many of them involving rifles similar to the one used in Sandy Hook.
But Americans wanting to know why deadlier mass shootings are happening will get few answers. Is it is the wide availability of firearms? Is it the much-maligned "assault weapon" with its military style? Is it a failing mental health system?
"We're kind of grabbing at straws at this point in terms of trying to understand why the severity of these incidents has increased," said Grant Duwe, a criminologist who has been studying mass killings since the 1990s.
Advertisement
The federal government does little research on the matter, because a measure dating to the 1990s had the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention retreat from firearms research. Instead, a handful of academics, like Duwe, have toiled sometimes for decades with limited funding trying to better understand why these shootings happen and how to prevent them.
While mass shootings happen with regularity, they still remain so rare that there isn't enough information to draw conclusions with any certainty.
The profile of mass shooters — loners, depressed individuals, people who rarely smile or those who take to the internet to rant about a perceived insult or gripe — is so broad and common that it's impossible to pinpoint who might turn that anger into violence.
"There are lots of people who are isolated, don't have lots of friends, who don't smile and write ugly things on the internet and blame others for their misfortunes and don't want to live anymore and talk about mass killers and maybe even admire them," said Northeastern University professor James Alan Fox, who began studying mass shootings in the 1980s and has written six books on the topic.
Five years ago this week, Adam Lanza, a troubled young man in Newtown, Connecticut, shot and killed his mother in their home and then drove to Sandy Hook Elementary School with an AR-style long gun and a handgun. He fatally shot 20 children and six educators, then himself.
In the years since, the nation has witnessed even deadlier attacks: the Pulse nightclub shooting in Orlando in 2016 in which a gunman killed 49 people and this year's shooting in Las Vegas, where a man in a casino hotel fired on concertgoers on the ground below, killing more than 55. This year's shooting in Sutherland Springs, Texas, by an Air Force veteran who shot up a church sanctuary, killing more than two dozen, also is now among the 10 deadliest mass shootings in modern U.S. history.
Mass shootings are widely defined as one in which four or more people are killed in a public place, excluding both domestic violence and gang-related violence. The rate has remained steady at about 20 per year for the past three decades, Fox said. Still, five of the 10 deadliest have occurred since Sandy Hook, he said.
"Some years are worse than others, and bad years tend to be followed by not-so-bad years," Fox said. While two of the deadliest took place this year, "you can't take the actions of one or two people and call it a new phenomenon. That's abberational. You can't make any pattern or trend based on that."
It's also unclear whether the higher death tolls are the result of more firearms being available or firearms being more effective. Stephen Paddock, the Las Vegas shooter, used bump stocks to allow a number of his guns to mimic fully automatic weapons, but his perch high above the outdoor concert also made the shooting more effective and deadly. That's the tactic the gunman in the 1966 University of Texas at Austin shooting used when he took to a tower overlooking the campus, shooting down for more than 90 minutes.
In half of the deadliest mass shootings, the perpetrator used at least one AR-style firearm. In one, the massacre at a McDonald's in San Ysidro, California, in 1984, the shooter used an Uzi submachine gun. The others were carried out with handguns, the weapon used in the majority of mass shootings.
"Contrary to what some folks may think, the incidence of mass public shootings has not increased since Sandy Hook or even the five years before that," Duwe said. "What has changed — and this is certainly true around the time of Sandy Hook and even since then — the severity of mass public shootings has certainly increased. That is one genuine change we've seen."
Jillian Peterson, an assistant professor at Hamline University and a forensic psychologist who previously worked in New York crafting psychological profiles of convicted murderers facing the death penalty, recently helped launch a project designed to catalog and analyze mass shootings dating back to the 1960s. The project is being done jointly with James Densley, an associate professor of criminal justice at Metropolitan State University.
They have no financing and are relying on about a dozen students to gather research based on public documents and media reports.
The reason why someone carries out a mass shooting has been elusive, and it's a question she hopes the research will help answer. Are mass shooters of today and future bent on outdoing previous slayings by inflicting higher death tolls? That, too, is unclear. She cautions that such questions and answers continually evolve.
"This is ever-changing," Peterson said. "Just because we understand it today, we might not understand it tomorrow. That part gets hard. This is changing as society changes."
May 3 Hilton Grand Vacations Inc
* Hilton Grand Vacations reports first-quarter 2017 results
* Q1 earnings per share $0.51
* Q1 earnings per share view $0.41 -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* Sees FY 2017 earnings per share $1.72 to $1.88
* Net income for Q1 was $50 million, a 4.2 percent increase from same period in 2016
* Hilton Grand Vacations Inc - Contract sales for Q1 increased 9.5 percent from same period in 2016
* FY net income is projected to be between $170 million and $186 million
* FY2017 earnings per share view $1.86 -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* Hilton Grand Vacations Inc qtrly total revenues $399 million versus $370 million
* Q1 revenue view $377.8 million -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
 A bill to expand “breakfast after the bell” programs in public schools has passed the state Senate.
The Washington Kids Ready to Learn Act, sponsored by Rep...
Contact
Dr. Gleb Tsipursky
***@intentionalinsights.org Dr. Gleb Tsipursky
End
-- Can science really help people understand the purpose of life and teach them how to live a meaningful one? Dr. Gleb Tsipursky recently published a guest article on The Medium Post (https://medium.com/@Dr_Gleb_Tsipursky/how-can-we-tell-whether-comeys-firing-was-justified-fa7fb90b4f4a)How can we tell whether Donald Trump's firing of FBI Director James Comey was justified? His research in this article shows that we can fight confirmation bias in related situations by evaluating the opinions of people who both have the most information and have political motivations to support one side, but fail to do so or even support the other side. Find out what it takes in knowing why our minds are likely to lead us astray and addressing these internal biases using science-informed strategies to do so in this article.Dr. Tsipursky is a tenure-track professor at Ohio State University. As a historian of science, he researches the intersection of history, psychology, and cognitive neuroscience, focusing on meaning and purpose, decision-making, emotions, and agency. He is also a science popularizer, a best-selling author, and president of the nonprofit organization Intentional Insights (www.intentionalinsights.org). His workbook combines an engaging narrative, stories from people's lives, and research-informed exercises designed to help people cultivate a rich sense of meaning and purpose.His focus is on whether science can answer life's big questions, such as "why am I here" and "what is the purpose of life for me?" These questions, as Dr. Tsipursky describes in his work, have become answerable due to a recent wave of research in psychology, cognitive neuroscience, and medicine.The workbook describes these strategies in much greater depth, with a free book version available at http://intentionalinsights.org/ book-find-your- purpose-usi... . It was published by Intentional Insights, a nonprofit devoted to inspiring people to refine and reach their goals. This nonprofit provides research-based content to help improve thinking, feeling, and behavior patterns. Intentional Insights also offers free online classes, videotaped workshops, blogs, and other content on meaning and purpose, as well as in a variety of other topics.Read the book to learn more about the three scientific strategies that can help people find their purpose!
Bob Fisher
CLEAR LAKE — The Clear Lake City Council tonight will hold the second reading of an ordinance dealing with vacation and short-term rentals of residential dwellings. The council two weeks ago passed the first reading of the proposed ordinance to regulate vacation rental properties in residentially-zoned areas, and to establish regulations for rentals in order to protect and preserve the public health, safety and welfare.
The proposed ordinance would require a vacation rental permit to be obtained for such purposes. It would also deal with issues such as the maximum occupancy for a vacation rental, parking, premises and garbage management, and how disputes would be resolved. The council meets tonight at 6:30 at City Hall.
Dive Brief:
Tahoma High School in Washington has updated its automotive tech program to incorporate more hands-on STEM learning, upgraded its program to meet and exceed National Automotive Technicians Education Foundation standards and now uses industry-standard tools in class, District Administration reports.
The connection between automotive tech and STEM is natural because using automobiles to teach science and math principles was the original STEM, says Trish Serratore, president of the ASE Education Foundation, an organization that works to prepare the auto service workforce.
Automobile tech programs in schools not only teach a lucrative, high-demand skill, but also offer opportunities for subject integration as auto shop students are required to write on the subject and non-career and technical education students can see STEM concepts in action.
Dive Insight:
STEM is now a watchword in education, and schools are sometimes rebranding courses or activities to emphasize their connections to science, technology, engineering and math. Some schools are now focusing on STEAM rather than STEM in an attempt to draw arts into the equation while others work to draw sports into the STEM arena. In most cases, these efforts are designed to help students see how STEM fields relate to students in their everyday lives and to connect these fields to student interests. In some cases, the connection to STEM also helps schools gain grant funding for areas that may not immediately seem STEM-connected.
Career and technical education (CTE) courses, such as auto shop, are a great fit for a STEM connection because they are often, by definition, technical. According to SkillsUSA.org, an organization with the goal of promoting and improving CTE through training and competition, writes, “The magic of CTE is the definition of STEM not just science or technology, engineering or math but the integration of two or more of these topics in the context that students are passionate about. Without the combination of two or more of the STEM components you are not teaching STEM. That is why CTE is a perfect fit for STEM education.”
STEM education, however, can be easily used as a “lynchpin” for connecting the humanities as well. As authors Ann Myers and Jill Berkowicz wrote in a recent blog, STEM or STEAM gives educators the opportunity to create learning environments "characterized by student engagement and academic success." "If we teach the way these subjects are used in the world beyond the school walls," they wrote, "students can experience the dynamism of the connection of the subjects. That is what captures interest.”
After getting caught smoking in an airplane lavatory, a 24-year-old Oregon woman became unruly, threatening to kill everyone else on board.
These days, you never know what type of drama awaits you while traveling the so-called friendly skies.
For example, a Southwest Airlines flight declared an emergency over the weekend after a passenger — who was smoking on board — threatened to “kill everybody” on the aircraft, Newsweek reports.
During the flight headed from Portland, Oregon, to Sacramento, California, the woman disabled a smoke detector so that she could enjoy a few lung-damaging puffs in the bathroom. When fellow passengers discovered and reported her smoking, she was removed from the lavatory.
Upon being exposed, the woman became irate.
“I have a destination for this. I have a destination for myself. And I need to go there,” the woman can be heard saying to a female flight attendant in video footage captured by another traveler.
"I swear, if you f***ing land, I will f***ing kill everybody on this f***ing plane,” she shouted. “I will kill everybody on this f***ing plane!”
Toward the end of the clip, a man can be seen charging the woman and forcing her back into her seat as she continues her unruly behavior.
She was later identified as Valerie Curbelo, 24, of Sandy, Oregon. She was restrained for the remainder of the flight and then escorted to law enforcement after landing.
Curbelo was taken to the Sacramento County Main Jail where she faced the charge of making criminal threats. She reportedly claimed that anxiety is what prompted her to smoke on the plane in the first place.
“Our crew in command of Flight 2943 traveling from Portland on Saturday afternoon safely landed on time in Sacramento following an in-flight disturbance,” a statement from Southwest Airlines reportedly reads. “Our reports from flight attendants indicate a customer violated federal laws by both smoking onboard an aircraft and by tampering with a smoke detector in an aircraft restroom. Our crew enforced the regulation, and that was followed by the passenger outburst.”
Curbelo's erratic and volatile behavior leaves us wondering, what exactly was she smoking in that bathroom?
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
There has been an increased police presence at Birmingham Airport today.
Some passengers coming in and out of the terminals may have been concerned to see more police patrols, so Birmingham Airport Police have put out a statement explaining why.
It is part of Project Servator - a nationwide project designed to deter, detect and disrupt criminal activity.
The project involves specially-trained officers turning up unannounced at various locations to carry out deployments.
The deployments are deliberately unpredictable, so they could happen at any time, last for different amounts of time and involve varying numbers of officers, sometimes with police dogs and security guards.
The latest happened at Birmingham Airport
(Image: PA)
A spokesman for Birmingham Airport Police said: "You may have noticed an increased presence of police officers @ bhx_official this afternoon, @ BHX_Police were conducting high visibility # ProjectServator patrols designed to keep you safe whilst you are passing through."
Servator is Latin for watcher, observer or preserver.
First launched by the City of London Police in February 2014, the project is designed to counter those planning hostile acts.
How you can help
According to the City of London Police website , individuals can play a vital role by being vigilant when out and about and reporting anything that doesn't feel right.
The message is: "you'll never get in trouble for reporting a genuine concern, and we'll always take your report seriously – whether it's an unattended item or someone acting suspiciously. Don't leave it to someone else to report it."
Michelle said she had “wanted to die” during the experience. Picture: Channel 7
Michelle said she had “wanted to die” during the experience. Picture: Channel 7
AS House Rules nears its end, contestants are working round the clock to ensure they will get a spot in the finals.
But on Wednesday night's episode NSW contestant Michelle risks losing her and mum Kim's place in the competition after suffering a panic attack.
The huntsman threatening to end Michelle and Kim's time on House Rules. Picture: Channel 7
The 27-year-old was forced to pull out of setting up the patio area after coming face-to-face with her biggest fear - spiders.
Michelle began hyperventilating and crying after realising she had carried a lounge into the backyard which was home to a huntsman.
Michelle was comforted by production staff as she struggled to breathe. Picture: Channel 7
Sobbing, Michelle fled the renovation site and had to be comforted by production staff as she struggled to breathe.
"I have a really bad phobia of spiders and there were huntsmen all over the back of the lounge I just carried … I feel like I am going to faint," Michelle explained.
She later revealed in a piece to camera that she had "wanted to die" after her close brush with the spiders.
"I have a really bad phobia, it's not just I'm scared of them it's an actual phobia, I feel like I've got an illness," Michelle said.
Michelle said she had “wanted to die” during the experience. Picture: Channel 7
Unfortunately Michelle's panic attack coincided with the last 10 minutes of their challenge, with Kim struggling to finish their sections of the garden.
To find out if Michelle manages to finish the challenge, watch House Rules tonight at 7.30pm on Channel 7.
Labor says it's concerned with rate of tree clearing.
Labor says it's concerned with rate of tree clearing. Contributed
THE rate of tree clearing in Queensland has skyrocketed and Member Bundaberg Leanne Donaldson says it's driving native wildlife to extinction and risking jobs reliant on the Great Barrier Reef.
Ms Donaldson said the annual deforestation report showed the rate of tree-clearing in the Great Barrier Reef catchments had soared by almost 50% since 2012-2013.
Ms Donaldson said Labor promised at the 2015 state election to reinstate the vegetation management legislation that existed before the Newman Government but the LNP blocked its legislation.
"Excessive land clearing in Queensland is at rate of 1000 football fields every day,” she said.
Ms Donaldson said Labor would take new tree-clearing laws to the next election.
But Opposition natural resources spokesman Andrew Cripps accused Labor of trying to trash the reputations of farmers and landholders.
Mr Cripps said the 2015-16 SLATS report did contain data that provided clear context to the extent of vegetation management activities but these were "conveniently ignored” by Labor.
"About 50% of Queensland is covered by woody vegetation, so the vegetation management activities in this SLATS report represent just 0.23% of the state - less than half of 1%,” he said.
With the new SM 400 XL RETSCH have enhanced their cutting mill portfolio by a model for specific requirements. This mill is suitable for primary cutting of large sample pieces measuring up to 170 x 220 mm, but can also achieve the required final fineness in one step, depending on the application. The grinding chamber volume of 7.5 l and the large surface of the bottom sieves (240 x 240 mm) allow for complete homogenization even of large sample volumes in one working run. Hence, the sample throughput is considerably higher than that of smaller models.
Thanks to the optional cyclone-suction combination, the SM 400 XL is also suitable for grinding heat-sensitive materials. This tool not only improves material discharge but also provides a cooling effect thanks to the air jet.
The fold-back hopper and removable bottom sieves ensure quick and easy cleaning of the mill.
In addition to the SM 400 XL RETSCH offer three cutting mill types for different requirements: from the budget-priced basic model and universally suitable standard model to the heavy-duty mill with RES technology.
Product video on www.retsch.com/sm400xl
Benefits SM 400 XL
For feed sizes up to 170 mm x 220 mm
Powerful size reduction also of heterogeneous materials
Quick and easy cleaning thanks to fold-back hopper and smooth surfaces
Suitable for temperature-sensitive samples
Finale fineness defined by bottom sieves with apertures from 1 - 20 mm
Retsch is the leading solution provider for neutral-to-analysis sample preparation and characterization of solids. On the basis of more than 100 years of experience RETSCH develops innovative size reduction and sieving equipment which is characterized by excellent performance, operating convenience, safety and a long lifetime.
The contractors who used tap water to clean the Papal Cross during the hosepipe ban have defended their actions.
The ban came into effect at midnight, July 2, and prohibits the use of water drawn through a hosepipe.
A clip, taken by Niamh Bennett, shows a worker washing the structure from a cherry-picker.
NHC, a Dublin-based general contractor, has tried to laugh off the criticism, joking that they didn't use “holy water”.
A statement from the company said it was proud to have cleaned the cross ahead of the visit of Pope Francis.
It believes the fallout is now “water under the bridge”.
Company spokesman, Niall Healy, said: “Pope Francis' arrival in Ireland is a historic national event, and we're proud to have undertaken the work to make sure iconic monuments like the Papal Cross are spick and span for the visit.
[quote]”The fallout is certainly water under the bridge for us. It's not like we cleaned it with holy water!”[/quote]
The cleaning was undertaken as part of preparations for Pope Francis' two-day visit to Ireland on August 25 and 26.
A spokesperson for the Office of Public Works (OPW) said yesterday the water used to wash the cross, which has not been cleaned in four years, was drawn a week before the hosepipe ban was put in place.
Share it:
Don't Miss
Dive Brief:
A vast achievement gap remains at most schools in New York City the, despite a diverse student body, according to a new analysis by the Center for New York City Affairs at the New School, which maps the achievement gaps at public elementary schools in the district by race and poverty levels, the New York Times reports.
The study, which looks at student performance on the 2016 state math assessment for 3rd-5th graders, notes that the poorer students, often black or Hispanic, tended to score lower on tests, even when they went to the same school as wealthier children, who were generally white. Will Mantell, a spokesman for the New York City Department of Education, notes that the gap in high school graduation rates is closing and dropout rates are improving
Nicole Mader, a co-author of the study, said in the article that the lingering achievement gap indicates that “there's a big leap between having diversity and having integration” and suggests that the gap will not close until students are in the same classrooms, have equal access to high-quality teachers and are disciplined in the same manner.
Dive Insight:
While this article focuses on New York City, the largest and most diverse city in the U.S., the city acts as a sort of microcosm of the rest of the country when it comes to issues of race and diversity. The achievement gap challenges seen there are echoed in many communities across the county. Despite recommended strategies for closing the gap issued by the National Education Association, many schools still struggle with this issue.
However, there are schools that have been able to close the gap and these can act as models for other districts. In New York City, the Success Academy charter schools are among them, Mader notes in the recent study on achievement gaps, adding that while income gaps in the schools were among the widest, the achievement gap was among the narrowest in the city and that “Black and Hispanic students performed far above students with comparable incomes at other schools.” In fact, 76% of the 14,000 students at the nearly 50 schools operated by Success Academy are low-income and 93% are African-American or Hispanic, yet its elementary and middle schools were among the top 10% of campuses statewide in English, math and science.
The school attributes its success to its mission. “At Success Academy, we valorize thinking and believe in learning by doing. Scholars learn best when they are engaged—grappling with challenging problems and discussing rich, complex texts. We pair this approach with high expectations and accountability, setting a rigorous bar for effort, thinking, and work and consistently investing scholars in doing their best,” their website states. The model has been so successful that the school was recently awarded the prestigious $250,000 Broad Prize for its efforts to close achievement gaps and is now offering a free portal called the “Success Academy Education Institute” that allows other school districts access to its model. Other schools in the country are also finding ways to close the achievement gap, but they all seem to have two elements in common: a strong focus on literacy and high expectations from all students, regardless of race or wealth.
About this series
Award-winning cartoonist Jeremy Banks (Banx) has been a professional freelance cartoonist since 1980.
His gags have entertained readers of the FT since 1989 and been published in other newspapers and magazines the world over.
He is also a writer and film-maker.
Melbourne Victory defender Rhys Williams says Sydney FC are ‘there for the taking.'
Melbourne Victory defender Rhys Williams says Sydney FC are ‘there for the taking.'
MELBOURNE Victory star Rhys Williams has declared Sydney FC there for the taking, as they plot to up-end a seven-game, 27-month Sky Blues losing streak.
A Sydney FC domination has unfolded since January 26, 2016, when Matt Jurman's own goal at Etihad Stadium gifted Victory a 1-0 win in a season Sydney FC struggled.
Since that ordinary campaign, when they finished seventh - seven points and one place behind Victory, who lost the elimination final at Brisbane Roar - Graham Arnold's changed persona has prompted an epic reversal of fortunes.
Sydney has lost just four of 56 A-League games (42 wins and 10 draws) on its way to claiming two Premier's Plates (top spot) and a title, in addition to the FFA Cup.
Melbourne Victory defender Rhys Williams says Sydney FC are ‘there for the taking.'
That has included a domination of Victory with six wins and a 1-1 draw effectively seven wins after the Sky Blues prevailed in last season's grand final via penalties.
Williams, who almost signed for Sydney FC at the start of the season, has only been exposed to it this season after crossing from Perth Glory and was confident that tide would turn.
"They're up for the taking,'' Williams said.
"The three games this season we've actually played some of our best stuff against them, we just haven't finished them off so hopefully a fourth time lucky.
"Not at all (doubt doesn't creep in). Every time we've played them, it's not as if they've flogged us or played us off the park - in my opinion anyway.
"It's been about them taking their chances and we didn't on the day.
"The magnitude of the game is a big thing for us. We knew tonight they would come out as well and we woke up late on.
"(Saturday) we have to be at our best for 90-95 minutes to make sure we come out (on top)."
Williams, who is hoping to launch a late push for a Russia 2018 berth, is thrilled with his 32-game season in all competitions, the most he's played since 2011-12 for Middlesbrough.
"I feel like this season I'm close to where I want to be. I think I'm just getting fitter, that's all it is,'' he said.
"I don't know if I've evolved, but it's certainly helped to get to where I was, obviously with my injuries it was tough."
Williams' decade in England meant he'd never played finals, but he may be Victory's lucky charm.
"One from one, I'll take that,'' Williams said.
"The crowd was low (against Adelaide) but it was loud and we look forward to next week."
Experienced journalists will be able to enrol in one of the schools' top ranked Executive Education programs
Spread the Word
Listed Under Tags:
* Fellowship
* Education
* Journalism Industry:
* Business Location:
* Barcelona - Barcelona - Spain
Contact
Maria Not, head of International Media Relations
***@iese.edu Maria Not, head of International Media Relations
End
-- IESE, one of the top rated business schools in the world, will provide six fellowships to outstanding journalists, with at least 10 years' experience, for the school's highly regarded Executive Education programs.Three fellowships will be awarded to international journalists and three to Spanish journalists. IESE will favor candidates whose work demonstrates high standards of journalism, ethics and responsibility in the media. In line with IESE's mission, the school will particularly welcome journalistic works which have helped promote ethical business practices, signal or amend situations of social unfairness, etc.Each fellowship will cover 80% of the course fees and the deadline for applying ends on May 15, 2017 (inclusive). Successful applicants will be informed before July 30, 2017.• Opportunity to advance your career development, recognition and prestige within the journalism community• Gain access to top level business education• Receive a diploma from one of the world's top business schools• Build a solid foundation of general management and business knowledge, which will help in analysis and reporting.• Network with high-level executives and future business leaders• Live the "IESE experience" (case method, cutting edge global topics)IESE´s Program for Leadership Development / Program for Management DevelopmentIESE's AMP in Media and Entertainment ProgramIESE's Advanced Management Program* Please note that all applications will be automatically considered for all three programs (nevertheless, you are welcome to indicate your program preferences in your application.)The IESE Admissions Committee will have the final decision in assigning your application a fellowship to one of the three program options.To apply, please visit: http://formscloud.iese.edu/ landings-fellowship- journalists/ IESE is one of the world's most international business schools, with campuses in Barcelona, Madrid, Munich, New York and São Paulo. Consistently ranked within the top ten worldwide, IESE has pioneered business education in Europe since its founding in 1958 in Barcelona. IESE seeks to develop business leaders with solid business skills, a global mindset and a desire to make a positive impact on society. The school distinguishes itself in its general-management approach, extensive use of the case method, international outreach, and emphasis on placing people at the heart of managerial decision-making. With a truly global outlook, IESE currently runs programs on four continents.
Deals of the day-Mergers and acquisitions
June 14 The following bids, mergers, acquisitions and disposals were reported by 2000 GMT on Wednesday:
March 31 Mesoblast Ltd:
* Independent Data Monitoring Committee initiates process for interim analysis of Mesoblast'S phase 3 chronic heart failure trial
* Says interim analysis dataset has been locked and will be analyzed and reviewed by trial's independent statisticians
* Mesoblast Ltd - throughout review process, co to remain blinded to individual treatment allocation as well as grouped safety and efficacy data
* Mesoblast Ltd - IDMC will review and interpret results of interim analysis and provide recommendations shortly Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
April 6 Tesla Inc
* "While Model 3 will be our newest car, it isn't 'version 3' or the next generation Tesla" - blog
* "Model 3 is smaller, simpler, and will come with far fewer options than Model S" - blog
* "Customers can expect an increasing number of updates to be rolled out to their cars this year" Source text (bit.ly/2nOLMCF) Further company coverage:
ATHENS, April 20 Greece's current account deficit widened in February compared to the same month a year earlier, as a higher trade gap more than offset an increase in the services balance surplus, the Bank of Greece said on Thursday. The data showed the deficit reached 937 million euros ($1.01 billion) from 828 million euros in February 2016. Tourism revenues fell slightly to 145 million euros from 150 million in the same month a year earlier. "The deficit of the balance of goods increased year-on-year, mainly as a result of a rise in the deficit of the oil balance, owing to higher international oil prices," the Bank of Greece said. It said the total value of exported goods and services grew 11.6 percent but imports increased more in absolute terms. In 2016 as a whole, Greece posted a current account deficit of 1.1 billion euros versus a surplus of 206 million in 2015 as a result of a lower services balance surplus. *********************************************************** CURRENT ACCOUNT (bln euros) 2017 2016 January -0.271 -0.771 February -0.937 -0.828 ----------------------------------------------- * revised source: Bank of Greece ($1 = 0.9298 euros) (Reporting by George Georgiopoulos)
March 30 Cidara Therapeutics Inc
* Cidara Therapeutics awarded $6.9 million grant from carb-x to advance development of its first cloudbreaktm antibiotic immunotherapy
* Under grant, CARB-X will provide up to $3.9 million in base funding and up to $3.0 million in additional funding through phase 1
* CARB-X funding to advance novel first-in-class bispecific immunotherapy to fight multi-drug resistant bacterial infections Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
UPDATE 2-Soccer-Bolivian championship adecuacion results and standings
June 15 (Gracenote) - Results and standings from the Bolivian championship Adecuacion matches on Thursday Wednesday, June 14 Club Petrolero 2 Bolivar 2 Oriente Petrolero 4 San Jose 1 Universitario de Sucre 0 Blooming 1 Standings P W D L F A Pts 1 Bolivar 19 13 2 4 53 16 41 ------------------------- 2 Oriente Petrolero 19 10 4 5 35 24 34 3 The Strongest 17 10 1 6 38 26 31 4 Nacional Potosi 17 9 2
By James Law
The angry white men behind Saturday's violent rally in Charlottesville, Virginia, have claimed a "moral victory", despite one woman having been killed at the event.
A disparate group of white supremacists, Neo-Nazis and alt-right nationalists converged on the city in the United States' southeast at the weekend to protest the removal of a statue of Confederate general Robert E Lee.
Violence quickly broke out between the "Unite the Right" demonstrators and counter-protesters, resulting in the death of Heather Heyer, 32, who was rammed by a car being driven by an accused Nazi sympathiser.
Advertisement
White nationalist demonstrators clash with a counter-demonstrator as he throws a newspaper box at the entrance to Lee Park in Charlottesville. Photo: AP Photo/Steve Helber White nationalist demonstrators clash with a counter-demonstrator as he throws a newspaper box at the entrance to Lee Park in Charlottesville. Photo: AP Photo/Steve Helber
Despite the horrific turn of events, the men who were at the rally are emboldened, saying they are "proud" of the demonstration and pointing the finger at anti-fascist group Antifa for sparking the violence.
White nationalist leader Richard Spencer - who was pepper sprayed at the rally - said his followers came to "lawfully and peacefully assemble and talk" and he blamed police and the City of Charlottesville for overreacting.
"This was a great day. This was certainly a propaganda victory, a moral victory. I'm proud of everyone," Mr Spencer said in a live-stream video posted after news had broken of the death of Ms Heyer.
White nationalist Richard Spencer and his supporters clash with police in Lee Park after the 'Unite the Right' rally was declared an unlawful gathering in Charlottesville. Photo / Getty Images White nationalist Richard Spencer and his supporters clash with police in Lee Park after the 'Unite the Right' rally was declared an unlawful gathering in Charlottesville. Photo / Getty Images
Speaking down the lens shirtless due to being maced, he directed much of his vitriol towards Charlottesville mayor Michael Signer and deputy mayor Wes Bellamy, an African American who Mr Spencer referred to as a "house pet".
"If you think that we're going to back down to this kind of behaviour in your little provincial town. You think we're going to back down? No! We are going to make Charlottesville the centre of the universe," Mr Spencer said.
"We are going to come back here often. Your head's going to spin [over] how many times we're going to be back here.
White nationalist Richard Spencer gives remarks after a white nationalist rally was declared an unlawful assembly. Photo: Shaban Athuman /Richmond Times-Dispatch via AP White nationalist Richard Spencer gives remarks after a white nationalist rally was declared an unlawful assembly. Photo: Shaban Athuman /Richmond Times-Dispatch via AP
"We're never backing down. The fact that you treated us this way, the fact that you treated American citizens who are peacefully assembling this way is an absolute outrage.
"I have never been so offended in all my life ... You think you won? You looked like complete fools.
"And we're going to make even more of a fool of you when we're back here because we do not give up.
"Our movement is about our identity and our future and we're not going to give up."
In a later press conference on Monday afternoon, Mr Spencer reiterated that the demonstration was a "wonderful event". He also refused to condemn James Fields, the man accused of murdering Ms Heyer, because he believed he may have "unintentionally" run into the crowd after his car was attacked with a baseball bat.
Neo-Nazi website The Daily Stormer was similarly triumphant, even after the death of Ms Heyer, telling Charlottesville demonstrators to go out and celebrate.
"If you're at a bar in a group, random girls will want to have sex with you. Because you're the bad boys. The ultimate enemy of the state. Every girl on the planet wants your d*** now.
"And to everyone, know this: we are now at war.
"And we are not going to back down.
A white nationalist demonstrator, bloodied after a clash with a counter demonstrator, talks on the radio receiver at the entrance to Lee Park in Charlottesville. Photo: AP Photo/Steve Helber A white nationalist demonstrator, bloodied after a clash with a counter demonstrator, talks on the radio receiver at the entrance to Lee Park in Charlottesville. Photo: AP Photo/Steve Helber
"There will be more events. Soon. We are going to start doing this non-stop. Across the country ... We are going to take over the country."
Matthew Heimbach, a founder of the neo-Nazi National Front, told The New York Times that the event had "achieved all of our objectives.
"We showed that our movement is not just online, but growing physically ... I think we did an incredibly impressive job," he said.
Hundreds of people chanted, threw punches, hurled water bottles and unleashed chemical sprays on each other. Photo: AP Photo/Steve Helber Hundreds of people chanted, threw punches, hurled water bottles and unleashed chemical sprays on each other. Photo: AP Photo/Steve Helber
WHY THESE WHITE MEN ARE ANGRY
Mr Spencer is one of a number of white nationalist leaders who have given voice to a legion of angry white men who feel that their status in America is being eroded by multiculturalism, feminism, global trade and affirmative action.
These are the sorts of anxieties Donald Trump and his strategist Steve Bannon exploited to great success in last year's presidential campaign.
Key Trump policies such as the Mexican border wall, cuts to immigration and fierce opposition to political correctness are all red meat to this growing band of discontents, who have flourished online.
Multiple white nationalist groups march with torches through the University of Virginia campus in Charlottesville. Photo: Mykal McEldowney/The Indianapolis Star via AP Multiple white nationalist groups march with torches through the University of Virginia campus in Charlottesville. Photo: Mykal McEldowney/The Indianapolis Star via AP
The myriad of groups that represent these views share the core belief - be it expressed explicitly or implicitly - that America belongs to white people.
They argue that Americans are not bound by the abstract concepts of freedom, equality and self-determination, but rather by their superior European racial and cultural heritage.
Most of all, they believe that heritage is under threat.
Mr Spencer leads the website AltRight.com and white nationalist think tank, the National Policy Institute, which believes that white people have been "dispossessed" in modern-day America.
The founder of the institute, William Regnery, said in 2005 that "the white race" was in danger of deteriorating from "master of the universe to an anthropological curiosity".
Saturday's rally was organised by a different group, Unity and Security for America, which holds similar views and largely argues for restricted immigration.
Members of Vanguard America, another anti-immigration movement, were also well represented at the rally.
"Our people are subjugated while an endless tide of incompatible foreigners floods this nation every year," the group says on its website.
"If current trends continue, White Americans will be a minority in the nation they built.
"Our America is to be a nation exclusively for the White American peoples who out of the barren hills, empty plains, and vast mountains forged the most powerful nation to ever have existed."
A counter-demonstrator uses a lit spray can against a white nationalist demonstrator. Picture: AP Photo/Steve Helber A counter-demonstrator uses a lit spray can against a white nationalist demonstrator. Picture: AP Photo/Steve Helber
During the weekend rallies, the group chanted the Nazi slogan "blood and soil", which celebrates race (blood) and territory (soil).
Others yelled "You will not replace us, Jews will not replace us".
Other groups that showed up at the weekend include those who argue for a South to secede from the United States for a second time (the League of the South) and a group that is in favour of racial segregation (Identity Evropa).
People fly into the air as a vehicle drives into a group of protesters demonstrating against a white nationalist rally in Charlottesville, Virginia. Photo: Ryan M. Kelly/The Daily Progress via AP People fly into the air as a vehicle drives into a group of protesters demonstrating against a white nationalist rally in Charlottesville, Virginia. Photo: Ryan M. Kelly/The Daily Progress via AP
And despite the violent end to the Charlottesville rallies, these groups are planning another "white lives matter" demonstration next month in Texas.
Mumbai: The Mumbai Cricket Association (MCA)on Friday announced a prize of Rs 25 lakh for Under 19 World Cup winning captain Prithvi Shaw.
"Many congrats to the U 19 team. On behalf of @MumbaiCricAssoc MCA prize of Rs 25 lakh to the captain & Mumbaikar Prithvi Shaw! Hope it encourages teenage talents!!," MCA president and BJP MLA Ashish Shelar tweeted.
Many congrats to the U 19 team. On behalf of @MumbaiCricAssoc MCA prize of Rs. 25 lakh to the captain & Mumbaikar Prithvi Shaw! Hope it encourages teenage talents!! — ashish shelar (@ShelarAshish) February 3, 2018
"World Champions - once again ! Congratulations 2 our U19 cricket team for a masterly performance,� #PrithviShaw made Mumbai proud 2day !," Shelar said in another tweet.
The Indian team on Friday defeated Australia by 8 wickets to clinch the Under 19 World Cup for a record fourth time.
Skipper Shaw led the team from front scoring 261 in 6 matches which included a knock of 94 against Australia in the group stages.
PARIS (AP) — A digital gallery in Paris is making art an immersive experience for visitors who can walk into and over paintings projected around a warehouse.
The Atelier des Lumieres, or Studio of Lights, opened this month with an inaugural exhibit featuring Austrian painter Gustav Klimt's work not hanging on walls, but lighting up floors, ceilings and walls in a colorful, 35-minute moving sequence.
Gallery director Michael Couzigou says: "We use photos scanned in high definition to make this digital exhibition a universe of music and sound."
The show, set to classical music, attracted 60,000 visitors in its first 10 days.
Advertisement
Organizers say the gallery is the biggest of its kind in the world. It has 140 fixed video projectors installed across the 3,300-square-meter (35,521-square-foot) space.
Israeli police arrived at Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu's residence in Jerusalem today to question him about corruption allegations.
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu Source: Associated Press
Mr Netanyahu has denied what he calls "baseless" reports that he received gifts from two businessmen.
Israel's Channel 2 TV had reported that Mr Netanyahu accepted "favours" from businessmen in Israel and abroad, and was the central suspect in a second investigation that also involves family members.
It said a criminal probe is expected next week.
Israel's Justice Ministry and police declined to comment on the media reports.
Alan Luke: Sierra Leone Telegraph: 24 April 2018:
The numbers are eye-watering – $2 billion of foreign debt, Le4.9 trillion of internal debt and Le160 billion in domestic banks overdrafts. This was followed by the disappearance of about 4,000 government vehicles, which reads like the plot for the latest in the ‘Grand Theft Auto' film franchise.
Then we are informed that all the gold and that nice furniture that used to be in the Presidential Lodge including the Canalettoes, allegedly disappeared.
These revelations have led to growing calls for the Bio administration to commence prosecutions against former APC politicians, including Ernest Bai Koroma.
One of the key demands of citizens, expressed in the 2018 Citizens' Manifesto, required politicians and senior public officials to publicly declare their assets, prior to being sworn into office. This demand appears to have fallen on deaf eyes. (Photo: Former minister of information – Kanu, accused of corruption on a grand scale).
Two weeks into his administration, we are yet to see any public declaration of assets from President Bio and senior members of his administration, as well as Members of Parliament, Mayors and District Chairs of municipalities and Local Councillors.
Asset declaration is critical if governance arrangements in Sierra Leone are to be improved and if the industrial scale theft of public funds, as witnessed under the Koroma regime is to be prevented and we as citizens demand that this happens now.
If President Bio's administration is serious about investigating members of the former APC government, including undertaking a forensic review of the mining concessions, road construction and other public contracts entered into by the APC government, he must come with clean hands and a public declaration of the assets and liabilities of the President, ministers and senior public servants and a commitment to doing so, every year will assure the public of their intent.
If President Bio and his ministers and officials fail to publicly declare their assets, it would be impossible for his administration to pursue anyone from the previous regime for corrupt acts.
But perhaps, Mr Bio is not interested in bringing prosecutions against members of the former government, as both the APC and SLPP are cut from the same cloth.
Since 2012, Bio himself and other senior members of the SLPP were on the payroll of the APC.
Bio's homecoming in 2014, which was disguised as an “Ebola Sensitisation Tour” is a classic example, of how he was in the pocket of Ernest Koroma.
So, Bio maybe concerned that the APC may have enough information on him, to bring him and his administration into disrepute.
One suspects that there is a lot more, than Samura Kamara's allegation of Bio's theft of $18 million in 1996, which emerged during the Presidential debates.
Sierra Leoneans do not want to have a repeat of the same problems in five years' time, to find that billions more have been added to our country's external or internal debt and over-draft facilities.
They do not want more questionable contracts entered into with dodgy businessmen, which destroys local communities and only benefits a few.
Sierra Leoneans now want to see public funds used to provide goods and services which benefit the people, including healthcare, education, water, sanitation, electricity and jobs.
This is the change that the people seek, and it is the change that President Bio assured them he will deliver by putting Sierra Leone first.
Share this: Tumblr
Email
Print
Google
Reddit
LinkedIn
Twitter
WhatsApp
More
Pinterest
Facebook
Hatters did ‘absolutely everything they could' to keep hold of striker Isaac Vassell according to boss Nathan Jones.
The Luton chief saw his exciting forward depart the club for Championship outfit Birmingham City this morning for an undisclosed fee.
Jones conceded they would have stood firm over Vassell in the face of most offers, but the fact he refused to sign a new deal and would have left the club as a free agent in the summer, having turned 24, eventually proved the breaking point.
He said: “The club tried absolutely everything to keep hold of him.
“We offered him a contract, we've been in negotiations or trying to get him to sign a contract and we've turned down a number of offers, but when a player has one year left on his contract, it's difficult to then let it run down.
“We would have turned down pretty much any offer, unless it was something absurd if he had more than one year left on his contract, but we've had to do what we've had to do.
We tried absolutely everything to get him to sign a contract at this football club and it got to a point where he categorically said he's not going to sign a contract for us. Nathan Jones
“It's not something we've wanted to do, but we tried and I reiterate to everyone out there, we tried absolutely everything to get him to sign a contract at this football club and it got to a point where he categorically said he's not going to sign a contract for us.
“So once that happens then we've got a decision to make. Either we gamble, and hope we can change his mind during the season, or when you receive an offer then you've got to consider it.
“We turned down as many offers as we possibly could, leading up to now, but once we categorically knew and it became quite evident that he wasn't, then we had to do the right thing moving forward for the football club.”
Vassell had signed a new 18-month deal in December 2016 that took him through to the summer, but his rapid progress took almost everyone by surprise, as Jones continued: “We try not to let anyone's run down here so that we get in those situations.
“Sometimes it happens, because with Isaac for example, we had him on a two year deal quite early it's just his rise was meteoric from January to April.
“So since then we've reiterated our desires to offer him a new deal, but when that breaks down and someone says ‘no, I am not going to', then we had to do what we had to do.
“I praise the board and I thank the board that they stood strong for so long, but there comes a time when you have to do the sensible thing really.
“We showed as much ambition as we possibly could have in a sensible world to keep hold of him and we turned down so much, but in the end, we couldn't do it anymore.
“So we've been forced into a position that we didn't want to be in and it's the only set of individuals that haven't trusted us with development and so on.
“He was adamant that he wanted to leave, we wish him all the best, he's been a fantastic player here for us, been a fantastic character.
“He works hard and he's developed so quickly and that type of player draws attention.”
Although James Justin, Pelly-Ruddock Mpanzu and Frankie Musonda have all signed long term deals recently, on whether he felt Vassell had been advised badly to make the step up to soon, Jones said: “Advisers do what advisers do, they advise.
“Every set of advisers and parents when people have had opportunities, have said, ‘this is the place to develop when you're ready'.
“And we don't stand in people's way if they move quicker than the football club, 99 per cent of people trust us, some don't.”
Now the deal has finally been done, after weeks of rumours and speculation, there was an element of relief for Jones, as he said: “I'm actually relieved it's done, as it's been going on far, far too long.
“It was starting to distract the way that we were moving forward and as you can see from Saturday, he was nowhere near the levels we expect from him.
“We move on, so lets this be the end of it now. We wish him all the best, we hope he does fantastically well as I'm sure he'll always remember the time he was at Luton.
“I just hope that he does continue his development as some people move early and some people jump to levels and they want to do it, but at times it's better just to develop, be ready for that level and then go
“He will make it in the Championship, how quickly is another thing.
“What we wanted to do here was give him another year's development and then if he continued that development, we believe he could have gone even higher.”
When asked if he felt the dealings had affected the players too, as Town were beaten 1-0 at Barnet on Saturday. Jones added: “I don't know, when you're so engrossed in trying to do something for one individual, you tend to neglect a few things and for me, my days were spent just trying to get certain things arranged.
“I'll be glad when the window shuts as it is a distraction, a real distraction and when your head gets turned, it's difficult to get anyone to focus.
“This has been going on for quite a long time and not just with one club, but we're here and we wish him all the best and now got to focus on what we want to do.”
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump's reelection campaign released its first television advertisement on Sunday, a 30-second spot that attacks Democrats and touts the accomplishments of his first seven months in office.
The ad's release comes amid intense criticism of Trump's response to the events in Charlottesville, Virginia, where a planned rally by white supremacists led to violence that killed a counter-protester.
Speaking on Saturday from his golf resort in Bedminster, New Jersey, Trump stopped short of calling the demonstrators "white supremacists" and instead criticized groups on "many sides." Even members of his own party said he had failed to adequately condemn those behind the violence.
The new advertisement uses the same video clips, still images and font as one released earlier this year by America First Policies, a political group that is able to secretly raise and spend unlimited sums of money. Trump's campaign and America First Policies are prohibited by law from coordinating with each other.
Trump filed for reelection the day he took office, an unusual move that has allowed him to begin campaigning long before the November 2020 election. Historically, incumbent presidents have waited two years, until after the midterm elections, to file formally.
Trump's campaign did not respond to a request for comment about how much money it was spending on the ad, where it was running or why it decided to release it this weekend.
The ad says Trump has created jobs and helped the stock market since taking office.
"The president's enemies don't want him to succeed, but Americans are saying, 'Let President Trump do his job,'" the advertisement states.
Trump continues to struggle with low approval numbers, and the television ad could be an attempt to bolster his support. His campaign has raised more than $12 million since the beginning of the year.
"This new campaign ad speaks directly to the American people and sets the record straight, reminding them that President Donald Trump will not stop fighting for them and will not allow anyone to stand in his way to deliver success for them,” campaign manager Michael Glassner said in a statement announcing the ad.
A depleted Wales brought an overhyped Scotland back to earth in the Six Nations by doing what it usually does to the Scots in Cardiff — beating them.
The only surprise was the scoreline, a whopping 34-7 with a four-tries bonus point on Saturday.
Valid expectations of a tight contest - Wales without eight Lions, more than 500 caps, and Scotland willing to give it a lash - were ripped up in the first minutes as Wales started fast with two tries to lead 14-0.
Scotland settled and drew the majority of possession but kept dropping passes or conceding penalties and didn't stress the Wales defense until the very end.Wales fullback Leigh Halfpenny, who hadn't scored a test try in five years, scored two for the first time since the same fixture in 2012.
Advertisement
Back then he collected 22 points, on this occasion 24, becoming the third Welshman after Neil Jenkins and Stephen Jones to pass 700 points in tests.
After bombing at least three other tries, Wales bagged a bonus-point fourth with a Steff Evans dive and one-hand touchdown in the left corner.
Wales' Leigh Halfpenny scores his sides second try of the game against Scotland, during their 6 Nations rugby match at the Principality Stadium in Cardiff, Wales. Photo / AP.
Hadleigh Parkes' last pass was forward and missed by the officials, but it began from yet another turnover and Scotland, which hasn't won in Cardiff in 16 years, couldn't complain about the margin of defeat.
Scotland strung its longest series of phases together at the end for a converted try for replacement center Peter Horne and prevented being blanked.But the Scots, who have grown tough at home, still can't get over a woeful record away from Murrayfield: This was their 16th loss in their last 18 away matches in the championship.
Scotland's charity began in the sixth minute, when it was going nowhere near the touchline.
Scrumhalf Ali Price tried a miss-pass, but straight to Wales counterpart Gareth Davies, who took the intercept 60 meters untouched to the try-line.
Then flanker Aaron Shingler blew through a huge gap, and captain Alun Wyn Jones was galloping to the line. But his offload wasn't as good as his forwards' support. No matter, Wales was still on attack, and Halfpenny expertly finished a two-on-one.
Scotland dominated the near half-hour to halftime but lapsed into error after error: Dropped passes, knock ons, a penalty kick not finding touch, and the backs shuffling the ball sideways, easily contained by Wales.The interval did not provide a fresh start.
Scotland captain John Barclay was penalized twice for hands in the ruck, and his Scarlets clubmate Halfpenny kicked both through the posts for 20-0.
Unlike Scotland, Wales wings Evans and new cap Josh Adams were making big yards on the outsides. A driven lineout, pick-and-gos, and Halfpenny had a second try, and made a third conversion from the sideline.
It wasn't the Halfpenny show, but he reminded of his importance after having been shaded by his Scotland counterpart Stuart Hogg, the player of the tournament in the last two years but who was hardly sighted in this match.
Wales kept threatening: Replacement prop Wyn Jones was held up by Scotland's Huw Jones, and replacement flyhalf Gareth Anscombe dropped a try-scoring pass from Alun Wyn Jones.
By then, the match was about only how big the margin was going to be for Wales' 50th win in the expanded Six Nations, and 50th win in 10 years under coach Warren Gatland.
NEW YORK (AP) — Allison Mack, the TV actress who starred in The CW network's "Smallville," was bailed out of jail on Tuesday and met with a chaotic scene outside a courthouse where she's charged with helping recruit women as sex slaves for the leader of a self-improvement group in upstate New York.
A federal judge in Brooklyn agreed to release Mack, who was arrested last week, on $5 million bond and place her under home detention in California. She'll be living with her parents at their home in Los Alamitos as she awaits trial.
Mack, 35, appeared in tan jail smocks for a brief court appearance. She only spoke to answer "yes" when the judge asked her if she understood the bail conditions.
Among those conditions: No contact with current or former members of the secretive group known as NXIVM. She'll also be subject to electronic monitoring and restrictions on computer and cellphone use.
Advertisement
By the time Mack left the courthouse more than two hours later, she had switched into a jean jacket, gray slacks and sneakers. She stared straight ahead in silence as she and her lawyers fought through a media scrum to a waiting car, with at least three photographers tripping over each other and toppling to the sidewalk along the way.
The actress played Chloe Sullivan, a teenage friend of Superman, on "Smallville." Since that series ended in 2011, she has played only minor roles.
Prosecutors said she helped recruit women for NXIVM leader Keith Raniere by telling them that they were joining a purported female mentorship group, prosecutors said. Instead, the victims "were exploited, both sexually and for their labor," and even branded with Raniere's initials, prosecutors said.
Federal authorities raided a residence near Albany where NXIVM was headquartered in March. The organization also ran programs in Mexico.
Raniere, 57, was arrested in Mexico, brought to the U.S. on March 26 and is being held without bail in Brooklyn on sex-trafficking charges.
At the time of Raniere's capture, Mack was living with him at a luxury villa in Puerto Vallarta, according to court papers.
Scientists at the Royal College of Surgeons Ireland have established a new way of growing cancer cells in the laboratory that could speed up development of new drugs to fight cancer. The secret? It's all about saying goodbye to flat research and finding your 3D groove.
The researchers have demonstrated cancer cells grown in 3D respond to treatment with chemotherapy in a similar way to tumours growing inside the body. Their work was recently published in the scientific journal Acta Biomaterialia.
Dr Olga Piskareva, leading childhood cancer researcher at RCSI explains that most experiments carried out in the laboratory involve cancer cells cultured on a flat surface, limiting the amount of information we can obtain from them.
“This approach has been useful to find new drugs which we now use in anticancer treatment, for example, but it still doesn't mimic the actual environment where cells come from,” she says. Dr Piskareva, whose work is funded by the National Children's Research Centre, believes that if scientists can grow cells in an environment which is closer – at least in the geometry perspective – to what happens in the body, this will seriously improve the drug screening process, increasing the chances of finding effective drugs or drug combinations to fight cancer.
“Cells grow in the body in three dimensions,” says Dr Piskareva, “because our body has height, width and depth [and this is true for] every single part and every single building block of the body such as cells. When we take the cells and grow them in flasks in the lab, cells lose one dimension, because they grow on a flat surface.”
Dr Piskareva explains that the model developed in her laboratory mimics the environment cells normally live in. “We have a scaffold which to some extent looks like a sponge, made from collagen. We use collagen because it is a natural protein that provides strength and structure to our bodies in three dimensions. We then load the cells on these sponges; they soak and start to grow.”
“Collagen scaffolds [provide] a natural three-dimensional environment. So, when we load cells, they attach to collagen and grow like grapes, mimicking what happens in the body. When we treat them with a drug, the treatment mimics reality.”
This model would show scientists how well prospective drugs work before they are tested in animal models. Using the current “flat” model, many drugs that look promising in the cell culture stage fail when they are tested in animals because cells growing in two dimensions react to drugs differently from when they grow in 3D. Testing the drugs in a 3D cell culture model will help identify the drugs that have the better chance of working in animals, eliminating a lot of unnecessary testing.
“This model helps to reduce the number of animals that we can use, because we can see if our drug responds differently in the 3D system in comparison with our traditional “flat” culture system,” Dr Piskareva says. This model can also help test different drug combinations as well as single drugs.
“Originally these scaffolds were developed for bone tissue regeneration by our collaborators at RCSI Tissue Engineering and Research Group (TERG), who are trying to figure out how they can use different materials of natural and artificial origin to recreate a scaffold that can temporarily mimic bone.”
“If you have a fracture/crack in the bone and you put one of these sponges inside, it'll make a temporary plug which will accelerate growth of bone tissue and help heal bone much faster,” Dr Piskareva says. So from bone regeneration to helping with the development of new anti-cancer drugs: this is a good example of how research can uncover new uses of existing knowledge and technology.
Dr Piskareva notes that that this is a minimal model of our tissue, because in reality there are not just cancer cells inside a tumour. “With this model you can increase complexity by adding different types of cells, such as cells that form the blood vessels . . .You will have a two-cell type system and can investigate how blood vessel cells interact with cancer cells and how drugs that try to cut blood flow to cancer cells could affect cancer cell growth.”
The next step for Dr Piskareva's team is to try and reconstruct tumour microenvironment using the scaffolds by incorporating more non-cancerous cell types and structural molecules that form the native tumour.
“On the other side, these scaffolds could help if you take a biopsy from a patient, disintegrate the cells, load them on our scaffold and see which drugs are beneficial for a particular patient and at which dose. We will be able to predict which drug or combination of drugs would be beneficial for a patient,” she says.
The personalised medicine approach is a hot topic at the moment, but is it feasible? “It might take some time, but it's possible, because there are [already] models like these in mice, and these biopsies respond in exactly the same fashion as tumours in the patient.” However, as Dr Piskareva points out, these tests could be run in the scaffolds and there would be no need to use any animals for them.
Although the discovery could be applicable in principle to any solid tumour, Dr Piskareva's target is neuroblastoma, a relatively common child cancer which affects a specific type of nerve cells in unborn children. “It's quite aggressive and unfortunately there are many children who have metastasis when they are diagnosed, and this is the most challenging group to treat.”
She points out that children are not small adults; the same is true about their cancers. “It is very interesting that some types of cancers which we see in adults don't exist in children and vice versa. When adults are diagnosed with cancer we know that the risk factors are usually due to lifestyle habits or social environment; in children we don't know, which makes it worse because we can't predict it.”
No one knows why neuroblastoma happens and quickly spread to other parts of the body. “We have to understand how and why neuroblastoma cells spread, so we can identify the weaknesses that we can target to stop the metastatic process. This new 3D scaffold based tumour model is a promising tool to make it happen faster.”
Aer Lingus grew its passenger revenue 11.4 per cent last month, a slight fall in revenue growth compared to the previous month, according to figures published by its parent, International Airlines Group (IAG).
The figures show the number of passengers carried by its four airlines - Aer Lingus, British Airways, Iberia and Veuling - in June increased 8.9 per cent to 10.6 million compared to the same month last year.
Aer Lingus grew revenue passenger kilometres by 13 per cent in June and by 9.2 per cent in the first six months of the year.
The Irish carrier filled more seats on its aircraft than the same period last year with load factor reaching 89.1 per cent, compared to 86.9 per cent in 2017.
Aer Lingus's load factor was ahead of the group as a whole which recorded a load factor of 87.4 per cent in June. It was also higher than the three other carriers in the group.
In June, IAG launched its new shorthaul low-cost Austrian subsidiary, LEVEL, with flights due to begin this month. The new subsidiary will base four aircraft in Vienna from where it will fly to 14 European destinations.
: Get ready for a week full of drama and fights in Colors TV show Bigg Boss 11. Viewers will get too see nominations in today's episode in a very different way.This week, Shilpa Shinde, Hiten Tejwani, Priyank Sharma and Luv Tyagi have been nominated.Shilpa Shinde has undoubtedly emerged to be one of the strongest contestants of Bigg Boss 11. Massive support from her fans and also from many TV actors is proving that she is definitely everyone's favorite right now.But before reaching this point, she has faced a lot of difficulties in her life. We all know that Shilpa Shinde called off her marriage with Romit Raj just sometime before the D-day.Now Shilpa Shinde's mother has revealed the reason of breaking the marriage. Talking to media, she said, “Romit had proposed to her. And my daughter had accepted his proposal because he was a good person. Both of them decided to get married. But after some time they realized that their opinions are very different. In fact, both of their families are also very different. And it is very obvious that for a long-term relationship, you can't compromise on such things. That is why my daughter decided to call off the marriage. She thought that it would be better to end the relationship now than going for a divorce later.”Well, we are sure that Shilpa Shinde is happy right now. Do you think she will win Bigg Boss 11?Stay tuned for all Bigg Boss news and updates.
LONDON (AP) " Escalating tensions over North Korea's nuclear weapons program have caused security challenges posed to the 2018 Pyeongchang Winter Olympics to be assessed at an upcoming IOC meeting.
The International Olympic Committee session comes five months before the Winter Games are staged 80 kilometers (50 miles) across the border from North Korea.
Although regional concerns have been building for months amid new missile tests by the North, the pace has intensified since new sanctions were passed against Kim Jong-un's regime by the U.N. Security Council last week. It led to heated rhetoric between the United States and North Korea, with threats of attacks.
"We are monitoring the situation on the Korean peninsula and the region very closely," the IOC said on Friday from Lausanne, Switzerland. "The IOC is keeping itself informed about the developments. We continue working with the organizing committee on the preparations of these games which continue to be on track."
Advertisement
France Olympic Committee president Denis Masseglia told The Associated Press the North Korea situation will be discussed at the IOC Session in Lima, Peru, in September.
"There is no reason to be too worried at the moment," Masseglia said. "We are five or six months away from the Olympics. We are monitoring the situation carefully. Of course if the tension escalates, we'll need to adapt. But Pyeongchang is ready to host the games."
Pyeongchang is presenting the IOC with the third successive problematic build-up to an Olympics after Sochi in 2014 and Rio de Janeiro in 2016 were beset by human rights, environmental, and political crises.
"Each host city presents a unique challenge from a security perspective," United States Olympic Committee spokesman Patrick Sandusky said, "and as is always the case, we are working with the organizers, the U.S. State Department and the relevant law enforcement agencies to ensure that our athletes, and our entire delegation, are safe."
Germany's Olympic body said it will follow government travel advice which currently does not warn against travel to South Korea.
"We are observing the situation in the interests of both our athletes and fans," the German Olympic Sports Confederation said. "Naturally we hope that it doesn't worsen and that it calms down. In such cases, before we go to any such tournaments or competitions we always consult with the Federal Foreign Office for guidance."
___
AP Sports Writers Eddie Pells in London and Samuel Petrequin in Paris, and AP writer Ciaran Fahey in Berlin contributed to this report.
More AP Olympics coverage: www.apnews.com/tag/OlympicGames
You know a case is momentous when a seemingly routine proposed briefing schedule turns into a hot dispute. Waymo's patent and trade secrets suit accusing Uber of hijacking its technology for driverless cars is only five weeks old, but lawyers for both sides are already deep in litigation chess games.
On Monday, Uber's lawyers at Morrison & Foerster and Boies Schiller & Flexner filed a motion to compel arbitration of Waymo's trade secrets and California unfair competition claims. The motion claimed Waymo's lawyers at Quinn Emanuel Urquhart & Sullivan are trying to get away with a bit of litigation trickery.
According to Uber, the crux of Waymo's case, filed in federal court in San Francisco, is that engineer Anthony Levandowski, who led Waymo's self-driving tech team for years, downloaded more than 14,000 sensitive files before he left the company to start up his own self-driving venture, which was later acquired by Uber. Levandowski, Uber said, signed two different employment contracts during his nine-year stint at Google and Waymo, both of which are subsidiaries of Alphabet. The agreements contained provisions requiring the engineer to arbitrate disputes with the company. Uber's lawyers argued that because Waymo is accusing Uber of benefiting from Levandowski's supposed violation of his employment contract, Levandowski's arbitration clause applies.
Uber's brief cited cases to back its argument, which is based on the legal principle of equitable estoppel. In the closest parallel to the Waymo case, a federal judge in San Jose ordered the tech company Torbit to arbitrate its case against a fired software developer who allegedly misused Torbit trade secrets when he started his own company, Datanyze. Datanyze wasn't subject to the employment agreement between Torbit and the developer, but the judge ruled the claims against the company were intertwined with allegations against the former employee.
But Waymo, unlike Torbit in the Datanyze case, did not name its former employee as a defendant. It sued only Uber, not Levandowski, the former Waymo engineer who supposedly misappropriated Waymo data and brought it to his new employers at Uber.
Uber's motion called that elision a deliberate attempt to get around precedent requiring Waymo to go to arbitration. “Despite the myriad allegations about Levandowski's serious misconduct while a Waymo employee, Waymo omits him as a named defendant,” Uber's motion said. “Waymo's purpose for proceeding in this curious manner seems clear: through artful pleading, it hopes to avoid arbitrating the misappropriation … claims at all costs.”
Waymo, meanwhile, contends there is something fishy about the timing of Uber's motion to compel arbitration. Uber first suggested at a hearing on March 16 that it would try to force Waymo into arbitration instead of litigating in federal court. On March 22, according to Waymo, Uber lawyer Arturo Gonzalez of MoFo said in an email to a Waymo lawyer that the motion would be filed the following day. Instead, Uber waited until three days later to file its motion.
The timing is significant because the judge overseeing the litigation, U.S. District Judge William Alsup of San Francisco, has scheduled a May 4 hearing on Waymo's motion for a preliminary injunction to block Uber from using supposedly misappropriated information. The judge told both sides at the March 16 hearing that he didn't want to go to the trouble of a preliminary injunction hearing if the case is going to end up in arbitration.
Uber has proposed an expedited schedule to get its motion before Judge Alsup on April 13, three weeks before the May 4 injunction hearing. The proposed schedule would only give Waymo until April 3 to file its opposition to Uber's arbitration motion.
That's not long enough, Waymo said in a filing Tuesday - and Waymo should not be disadvantaged by Uber's delay. If Uber had filed its motion on March 23, Waymo said, an ordinary briefing schedule would have given Waymo a full allotment of 14 days to oppose arbitration and still allowed Judge Alsup to hold a hearing before the May 4 injunction session.
“Rather than accept the consequences of their own delay, defendants have asked Waymo to sacrifice half of its 14 days to respond to defendants' motion so that their motion could be heard before May 4,” Waymo said. “It is unreasonable for defendants to seek to have Waymo's response time cut in half simply because defendants delayed filing their motion.”
Judge Alsup, who is all too familiar with the relentless litigation tactics of big tech companies from previously presiding over a hard-fought case between Google and Oracle, said in an order Tuesday that he intends to grant “a measure” of Uber's proposed hurry-up schedule. He also said he's not happy about the extent of redaction in Uber's motion to compel arbitration. “Our federal courts belong to the public, and the public and the press have a legitimate interest in looking over our shoulders to see the work in progress,” he wrote. “Parties should not hide those arguments under seal out of a desire to shroud business dealings in secrecy.”
That part of Judge Alsup's order prompted Uber on Tuesday to blame Waymo for the redactions – even as Uber requested a secret meeting in the judge's chambers “to protect legitimate privacy concerns” unrelated to the redactions. Uber said it only blacked out portions of its arbitration motion because Waymo's former parent, Google, insisted “that the existence of an arbitration (provision) and every word in its employment agreements must be kept in the strictest confidence.”
I emailed lawyers for both Uber and Waymo to ask about the litigation gamesmanship. None got back to me.
BRUSSELS (Reuters) - British and European Union negotiators will spend all next week in talks on Brexit, culminating in their first formal discussion of what their future relationship will look like after Britain has left the EU.
A schedule posted by EU chief negotiator Michel Barnier on Twitter on Friday confirmed he will meet his opposite number, Brexit Secretary David Davis, in London on Monday for the first time since EU leaders gave him instructions to agree a post-Brexit transition to ease Britain's departure.
After interim accords in December on key parts of the divorce terms, EU leaders agreed to launch talks on the transition and the future relationship.
EU officials expect a faster pace to negotiations compared to the roughly monthly rounds of talks lasting 2-3 days each time that was the norm last year. Both sides hope to conclude a deal on a transition in time for EU leaders to endorse it at a Brussels summit on March 22-23.
Though not legally binding unless and until it forms part of an overall withdrawal treaty, leaders hope a transition deal can calm nerves among investors.
Negotiating teams will hold the first technical talks in Brussels from Tuesday to Thursday on what a transition may look like, notably which courts might enforce the treaty and further discussions on avoiding a disruptive “hard” border with Ireland.
On Friday, Barnier and Davis's top officials, Sabine Weyand and Oliver Robbins, will meet in Brussels to wrap up progress made during the week.
The British side will also offer an “update on the future relationship”, according to Barnier.
A British official said they would not reveal details of trade proposals; Prime Minister Theresa May has caused some frustration in Brussels by failing to do that so far, although she is expected to lay out her trade ideas in the coming weeks.
Rather, the British official said, Friday's session would focus on areas where London has already declared its preferred outcomes, such as a close relationship in security matters and a “customs partnership”.
TRANSITION DEAL
Declared positions on both sides suggest little room for dispute, although May has rejected an EU demand that EU citizens who take up residence in Britain even after Brexit, but before the end of the transition, should enjoy the same lifetime rights which London agreed to grant to those who arrive before Brexit.
That has raised the prospect of delay, but May insisted on Friday that the transition deal would be done within seven weeks -- in time for the March EU summit.
The EU has offered Britain a status quo transition until the end of 2020 after Brexit. But there is disagreement inside May's Conservative Party over the citizens' rights issue and the scope of European Court of Justice jurisdiction during the transition.
Of more concern to some in Brussels is the continued lack of clarity on how Britain sees a free trade deal working.
EU leaders want to be able to agree instructions for their negotiators when they meet on March 22-23 so that trade talks can start in the weeks after that. But once May has revealed her demands it will take the EU some weeks to prepare those plans.
If they cannot meet the deadline of the March summit, the start of trade talks could be pushed back, possibly even beyond the next formal EU summit in late June, jeopardising hopes of having an outline trade accord ready by the end of the year.
“We still expect to be able to have the trade guidelines for the March summit,” one senior EU official said. “But Theresa May is being so discreet. If she doesn't say what she wants, we may not be able to prepare our position in time.”
An EU diplomat involved in Brexit talks said: “It's for them to tell us what they want. If they don't do it in a timely manner, they would be shooting themselves in the foot again.”
FILE PHOTO - Ivan Chu, CEO of Cathay Pacific Airlines, makes a point during a panel discussion at the 2015 International Air Transport Association (IATA) Annual General Meeting (AGM) and World Air Transport Summit in Miami Beach, Florida June 9, 2015. REUTERS/Joe Skipper - RTX1FT9H
SHANGHAI Cathay Pacific Airways (0293.HK) on Wednesday said its Chief Executive Ivan Chu will step down on May 1, and will be replaced by the airline's current Chief Operating Officer Rupert Hogg.
It said in a statement to the stock exchange that Hogg would also become the chairman of Cathay Dragon and that Cathay Pacific will no longer have a chief operating officer.
The leadership reshuffle comes after Hong Kong's flag carrier posted its first annual loss since 2008 last month and unveiled plans to cut the cost of middle and senior management roles at its Hong Kong head office by 30 percent.
(Reporting by Brenda Goh; Editing by Himani Sarkar)
A team of researchers at IT Sligo is using mirror therapy to help stroke patients improve the strength and mobility of affected limbs, and the researchers claim the results of clinical trials are “very significant”.
The Stroke Research Group, led by college lecturer and chartered physiotherapist Dr Kenneth Monaghan, uses mirrors to “trick” the brain into believing that a weak limb is functioning properly, thus kick- starting a recovery process .
Following clinical trials on more than 60 patients, Enterprise Ireland this month granted the team a €15,000 grant to investigate the feasibility of developing the product commercially.
Dr Monaghan said 40 per cent of patients reported “a significant life-changing improvement” after undergoing the trials. The researchers use a treadmill with mirror attached, and alternatively a brace for strengthening arms and legs which incorporates the mirror therapy.
Both devices were created by Dave Roberts, creative design lecturer in the college. “I think it's good news for people who have had a stroke and who have limited function as a result. This therapy can improve dexterity and strength for a significant proportion.”
Two of the researchers, PhD students Monika Ehrensberger and Daniel Simpson, presented a paper on their findings at the European Stroke Conference in Berlin this summer, while Irish and international experts have expressed an interest in collaborating with the team.
Strength gains
“We have seen strength gains as well as improvement in function, which has an impact on quality of life,” said Mr Simpson, who has spent two years travelling to patients' homes with Ms Ehrensberger to provide the therapy three times a week over a four-week stretch.
PhD student Patrick Broderick who specialises in the treadmill-with-mirror therapy says it has the potential to transform lives.
Dr Monaghan said: “This has never been done before. The mirror on the treadmill helps people to walk more symmetrically, in other words they lose that stroke gait.”
The team, which operates within the clinical health and nutrition centre at IT Sligo, has been awarded over €230,000 in grants over the last two years, including funding from the college, the Irish Research Council, the Northwest Stroke Support Group and Enterprise Ireland.
Many of those participating in the trials were referred by local medical experts from Sligo University Hospital (SUH) and St John's community hospital, Sligo.
Dr Paula Hickey, consultant geriatrician at SUH, said over 30,000 people in Ireland live with disability due to stroke.
“Through our collaboration with this research group we are seeing substantial benefits in a group of patients that traditionally might have been viewed as having ‘finished' their treatment and even felt to be beyond help.”
Recovery
Ms Ehrensberger said recovery appeared to be more marked in “moderate” patients, while Dr Monaghan acknowledged that patients might not benefit several years after having had a stroke. “After several years the muscle and the tissue tighten up if not moved.”
The €15,000 grant will be used for market research into the potential of the brace.
“If the results are good, which they should be, we will apply for a full commercial grant to make the product which people could bring into their own homes. It all ties into the idea of getting people out of hospitals,” said Dr Monaghan.
Edward Blake (75) , former chairman of North West Stroke Support Group, is hugely supportive of the project, although it came too late for him. “I had a stroke in 2003, so I did not benefit as much as the others, but this is real and we need to support the research.
“My focus is on people who have had strokes – the thought of someone living in a bungalow or cottage in rural Ireland who sees no one but the postman. There has to be more to life. I'd like to see all patients availing of this.”
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Aston Villa FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Birkir Bjarnason is distraught at his Championship play-off final snub – but he's hinted he'll stick around at Aston Villa next season.
The Iceland international was an unused substitute at Wembley as Steve Bruce opted for Mile Jedinak against Fulham.
Reflecting on the day, Bjarnason said: "This was hugely frustrating; it was especially frustrating not to play and try to do something about it. That's just how we have to go on.”
Bjarnason was all set to leave Villa Park in January having only made two Championship starts before the New Year.
A second half masterclass as Villa's anchorman in the victory over Nottingham Forest on January 13 saw him earn the trust of manager Bruce.
Bjarnason, who celebrated his 30th birthday the day after Villa's defeat to Fulham at Wembley, was a regular in Bruce's team during the second half of the season.
Despite his anger at not being involved at Wembley, Bjarnason appears keen to remain at Villa and help the club realise its Premier League dream.
"I'm not happy at all, but it went as it went,” he added. “I have two years left of my contract at Villa and am very happy there. I'm happy with the club."
Bjarnason is now training with Iceland ahead of the World Cup in Russia where he and his compatriots hope to emulate their Euro 2016 heroics.
De Laet suspended & fined
Ritchie De Laet has been suspended by the Royal Belgian Football Association and fined €1,200 for making ‘obscene gestures towards a referee'.
Aston Villa defender De Laet is currently enjoying a loan spell at Belgian side Royal Antwerp, whom he started his professional career with.
The 29-year-old right-back departed Villa temporarily in January and has made 14 appearances for Antwerp in the Belgian Pro League.
The incident involving the former Leicester City defender, who joined Villa in a £2.5million transfer two years ago, occurred during a recent match against St. Truiden.
Chuba Akpom, on loan at Truiden from Arsenal, challenged Antwerp goalkeeper Sinan Bolat and De Laet reacted angrily.
The Belgian defender can be seen clearly making offensive signs and gestures in the direction of referee Christof Dierick.
Dierick booked De Laet but the Disputes Committee has since reviewed the footage.
Initially, federal prosecutor Gilles Blondeau demanded De Laet be given a one-match ban and a €400 fine – but commission president Hubert Poncelet has handed the full-back a bigger penalty.
De Laet apologised for his ‘highly inappropriate gestures' at the hearing and his lawyer, Thomas Machtelinckx, requested for the one-match suspension not to be increased.
De Laet also claimed the gestures were not aimed towards the official.
Their request was rejected by the committee.
(Image: Kristof Terreur/@HLNinEngeland)
Poncelet said: "The committee is of the opinion that De Laet's gestures absolutely do not belong on a football field, as the player himself admits. It does not matter whether the gestures were addressed to the referee or not.”
Unless Antwerp appeal the sanction, De Laet will take the suspension into next season.
Villa sanctioned De Laet's loan move in the January window with a view to it being made permanent this summer.
It's understood both De Laet and Antwerp are keen to come to an agreement, but it's likely the Villa defender will need to take a pay cut in order for that to happen.
Gabby's next move
Gabby Agbonlahor has admitted he's unsure as to what his future holds as his association with Aston Villa ended with the play-off final defeat to Fulham on Saturday, writes Joe Chapman.
After 13 professional seasons, 391 appearances and 87 goals Agbonlahor has left his boyhood club.
The 31-year-old forward's last appearance in claret and blue came against Sheffield United on December 23 and he'll now weigh up his options ahead of his next move.
There has been talk of potential interest from Major League Soccer, where a number of English players have made the move such as the Wright-Phillips brothers and Liam Ridgewell in recent years.
Having been at one club for the entirety of his career, though, means a change of scenery in a football sense isn't something he's accustomed to.
In the meantime, Agbonlahor will be considering his options - though he suggested that nothing will quite be like Villa to him.
He wrote to his Instagram followers: “Gonna be a hard decision this summer as I never thought I would wear another shirt!!
“Time to enjoy the summer and think of what I do for the rest of my life. Whatever happens my heart will belong to Aston Villa for ever.
“We bleed Claret and blue!! #vtid #utv”
This is different.
Normally, players arrive to a US Open knowing the deal: narrow fairways, thick rough, slick greens. Basically, go out, wearing sack-clothes and armed with 14 clubs, and fight for your survival!
Yet, for this 117th edition of the championship, the questions being asked are quirkier, and potentially easier to solve, with Jordan Spieth estimating a winning score of “between five- and 10-under”.
Now, that is a break from tradition; as par – so often protected by the USGA as if some sort of sacred number in building a winning score – is unlikely to be anywhere near sufficient.
So, rather than a protectionist policy, a more aggressive game plan, albeit one requiring some element of care through the fescues and up and down the hills, will be required.
The USGA's decision to trim back some landing areas – on the fourth, 12th, 14th and 18th – was ostensibly made for fear that any potential thunderstorms would collapse the fescues and make such lies especially penal and possibly unplayable, rather than aimed at appeasing players. Right, we'll take them at their word on that one. Nothing, we're sure, to do with some whingeing and whining from players afraid to venture into the long grass?
Anyway, the suspicion that this would be a course – a Par 72 with four Par 5s – only suited to long-hitters has been dispelled as a myth. In practice, medium and even shorter hitters have shown a measure of contentment at what lies ahead.
As Graeme McDowell observed: “It is a bit of an unknown quantity. You look at it and you initially assume long length, bombers; but there is a lot of strategy involved still, there are so many teeing options it is going to be interesting to see what the USGA do.”
What we know is that the greens aren't as firm, and are more receptive, than you usually get at a US Open. What we know is that the fairways are wider, and that the winds – only up to 10 miles per hour – won't be causing any mayhem. The unknown is what the USGA will do. Will they employ trickier, putting pin locations on slopes?
Rules decisions
And given the controversy which surrounded last year's final round at Oakmont, the USGA this time has implemented a number of on-course review stations equipped with tablets to help speed up rules decisions as any arise.
It appears to be a very open US Open. There is also the factor that many of the leading lights have had disruptive build-ups. World number one Dustin Johnson missed the cut on his last competitive out (at The Memorial) and was a late arrival due to the birth of his second son on Monday.
World number two Rory McIlroy hasn't played since The Players, recuperating from the reoccurrence of his rib injury; and world number three Jason Day, like McIlroy, is without a win so far this season.
In McIlroy's case, this is almost like a new, belated start to his campaign. He has a new putter – the Spider Red – in his all-Taylor Made bag of clubs and, in practice, has looked keen and sharp albeit spending more time than usual on the putting green.
This has been what McIlroy refers to as “a transitional year,” given the change in clubs, his marriage and the disruptive rib injury. The fact remains he hasn't won a Major title since lifting the PGA in August of 2014, which – given he missed the British Open in 2015 with an ankle injury – has meant striking out in the eighth Majors he has played since then.
“There isn't any panic setting in yet, but it would be nice to get my name on another Major pretty soon,” admitted McIlroy.
And having a scorecard in his back pocket, for the first time since Sawgrass, will provide the definitive judgement on his recovery from injury.
“I have prepared really well in terms of what I need to do out on the course. So it's just a matter of going out there and putting all my energy into those 18 holes from Thursday to Sunday and see where that leaves me,” he added.
In fact, all four of the Irish players in the field – McIlroy, Shane Lowry, Graeme McDowell and Paul Dunne – have seemed relaxed in practice and very much up for the challenge. Unlike the moaning from a certain section of players about the course set-up, all four have simply got on with the job of preparing.
Lowry, runner-up behind Johnson a year ago at Oakmont, when he held the 54-hole lead going into the final round, has proven to be a good US Open player with top-10s in each of the past two years.
“I like tough golf, I like the challenge of going out there and making pars . . . . I don't know what it is going to play like, (but) if you hit the driver well, you're not going to be coming into these greens with much and they are going to be receptive.”
McIlroy and McDowell of course know what it takes to win a Major. Lowry got within touching distance last year. And even Dunne, as an amateur at St Andrews in the 2015 British Open, was in the thick of contention.
“I'd be much better off now . . . . I feel like I'd be well equipped to handle it if I got in there again,” said the 24-year-old Greystones player.
All to play for, for everyone.
