An Argentine prosecutor is seeking judicial permission to investigate President Mauricio Macri and two other high level officials over last year's settlement of a debt owed to the government by a company owned by the president's father.
Federal prosecutor Juan Pedro Zoni says the settlement did not protect the public interest adequately and the officials should be investigated. A federal judge must now decide whether an investigation is warranted for Macri, Communication Minister Oscar Aguad and the ministry's director of legal affairs, Juan Manuel Mocoroa.
The case involves Correo Argentino, the country's post office that was owned by the president's father in the 1990s until it went bankrupt in 2001. The government agreed last year to settle the debt of almost 300 million pesos by having the company pay back twice that amount but in installments spread out until 2033.
Last week, the general prosecutor of the Appellate Court, Gabriela Boquin, ruled the deal was prejudicial to the state.
Getty Image
Logic's Bobby Tarantino album has gone number one on the Billboard charts in its first week of sales. The follow-up to 2017's polarizing Everybody album has been well received, and the sales solidify the “1-800-273-8255” rapper's place as one of the top young stars in hip-hop. Looks like “everybody” who he advocated for in his fiery Grammys speech showed out to stream and support his project.
His Def Jam deal may not have been worth $30 million as it was initially reported, but he's still getting a hefty investment from the label — and hopefully hefty video budgets. That said, don't expect the humble rapper to brag too much about his success.
That's the ethos of “conscious trap,” and his Bobby Tarantino alter-ego, as Logic told online outlet HardKnockTV. “It's like, ‘I'm done made 20 million dollars, but I don't flex a million dollars. I'm just lettin' you motherf*ckers know that I made this money, but I'm not defined by it,” he said. “I'm an honest man – who can rap his ass off – but also I am flexin', I am having a good time…I'm very quiet about all my accomplishments, I let my success talk, but sometimes on the record, it's fun to let it be known.”
Share This Video Facebook Twitter EMAIL
Logic credits Jay-Z, Big-L and other artists who have been braggadocios in their records. He says the nature of rhymes that flex on fans is “actually f*cked up, but the [spirit of] hip-hop inside us [makes us think] ‘that sh*t's crazy!'”
Chicago Cubs' Anthony Rizzo (44) runs past New York Mets catcher Travis d'Arnaud after hitting a home run during the first inning of a baseball game Wednesday, June 14, 2017, in New York. (AP Photo/Frank Franklin II)
NEW YORK (AP) -- Anthony Rizzo has taken quite a liking to the leadoff spot.
One night after hitting a leadoff homer in his first career start atop the batting order, the Chicago Cubs' 240-pound first baseman has done it again. Rizzo drove Matt Harvey's first pitch over the left-center fence at Citi Field for his 15th home run of the season Wednesday, prompting excited high-fives from giddy teammates in the dugout.
Chicago rookie Ian Happ followed with his seventh homer for a 2-0 lead over the New York Mets.
The previous night, Rizzo launched Zack Wheeler's second pitch a projected 462 feet to center, sparking a 14-3 rout of the Mets. Happ hit a grand slam off Wheeler in the second inning.
Looking to energize his slumping team, manager Joe Maddon batted Rizzo first on Tuesday - making the All-Star slugger the seventh Chicago player to hit at the top of the lineup this year. The defending World Series champions entered Tuesday with a .306 on-base percentage from the leadoff spot, which ranked 24th in the majors.
---
More AP baseball: https://apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball
20:47 Reported News Briefs Av 22, 5777 , 14/08/17 Av 22, 5777 , 14/08/17 Incoming commander: Air Force role expanding General Amikam Norkin took command of the Israel Air Force on Monday evening. At a ceremony to mark the occasion, he said, "The changing Middle East, the global changes in the balance of forces and the changing of the battlefield - all continue to expand the responsibility and mission of the Air Force." ► ◄ Last Briefs
Member of Jerusalem City Council calls for more social workers from haredi population. 'They know the nuances of the community.'
Jerusalem City Councilman Yaakov Halperin (United Torah Judaism) called Sunday for more members of the haredi community to join the city's social services division, citing the need for more workers familiar with the ins and outs of the haredi world.
“This is the time,” said Halperin, who heads the municipality's social services division, “to fill positions in the social services [division] with people who have the connection with and the deep understanding of the haredi community.”
Halperin, who has held the position for the past three years, says the city had resolved to hire more haredi social workers as part of a concerted effort to improve services for Jerusalem's growing religious population.
“We must actualize [the decision] to integrate haredi social workers into the city's social services division. The fact that they share the same lifestyle [as the haredi community they will serve] and understand the intricacies and nuances of the community will allow them to give a proper response [to the community's needs].”
As such, Halperin called upon haredi residents of the capital with an academic degree related to social work and who have experience in providing social services to apply for a position in the city's social welfare services office.
District of Columbia Attorney General Karl Racine, joined by from left, District of Columbia Council member Charles Allen and District of Columbia Council Chairman Phil Mendelson, speaks at One Judiciary Square in Washington, Thursday, Oct. 5, 2017. District of Columbia officials say they won't appeal a court ruling against a strict city gun law, setting the stage for it to become easier for gun owners to get concealed carry permits in the city. City officials announced their decision not to take the case to the Supreme Court. (AP Photo/Carolyn Kaster)
WASHINGTON (AP) — District of Columbia officials said Thursday they won't appeal a court ruling striking down a portion of the city's gun laws, a decision that means it will soon be easier for gun owners to get concealed carry permits in the nation's capital.
A divided three-judge federal appeals court panel ruled in July that a portion of the city's gun regulations infringed on residents' Second Amendment rights. That portion required people to show "good reason to fear injury" or another "proper reason" to carry a handgun. Reasons might include a personal threat, or a job that requires a person to carry or protect cash or valuables. That stringent requirement meant only about 120 people currently have a permit to carry a concealed handgun in the city.
Officials said they continue to believe in the requirement but made a calculated decision not to appeal.
"I continue to believe the District's 'good reason' requirement is a common-sense, and constitutional, gun regulation. However, we must reckon with the fact that an adverse decision by the Supreme Court could have wide-ranging negative effects not just on District residents, but on the country as a whole," District of Columbia Attorney General Karl A. Racine said in a statement.
Racine said if the city were to appeal to the Supreme Court and lose, it would affect similar gun regulations elsewhere including in Maryland, New Jersey and New York. Racine acknowledged at a news conference he had received several phone calls from elected and unelected officials in other jurisdictions worried about the effect of a Supreme Court ruling against the city. But Racine and District of Columbia Mayor Muriel Bowser said the decision that was made was ultimately what was in the city's best interest.
"What is important to know is that while the 'good reason' part of our concealed carry law was invalidated by the courts, all of the rest of the requirements related to carrying a concealed weapon are in place, and so opening up the case and taking the chance at the Supreme Court actually puts us and the remainder of our concealed carry law also in jeopardy," Bowser said.
In order to get a concealed carry permit in the city a resident needs to have completed a firearms safety and training course and can't have been convicted of a felony, among other requirements. Concealed carry permits have to be renewed every two years and guns must also be registered with the city.
The city's police chief, Peter Newsham, declined Thursday to speculate about how many people would apply for a concealed carry permit now that the "good reason" provision has been struck down. A total of 425 people previously denied concealed carry permits as a result of the "good reason" requirement will have to submit an updated application.
The city's "good reason" requirement had remained in effect while the U.S. Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit considered whether to re-hear the case as a full court. The appeals court announced last week it would not, and the city then had to decide whether it would appeal to the Supreme Court. The city says the appeals court will soon issue what is called a "mandate" that will mean the city can no longer enforce the "good reason" requirement.
___
Follow Jessica Gresko on Twitter at http://twitter.com/jessicagresko
Transcript for Suicide bomb in Syria leaves more than 120 dead
The crisis if Syria. A devastating suicide bombing has killed more than 100 people, including dozens of children. T Terry Moran tracking the story. Reporter: This might, might be a faint, faint dplimer of hope in the war in Syria. The Kremlin announcing that diplomats from Russia, the United States, and the united nations will meet next week to discuss the Syrian crisis. This comes as good news after the showdown over the missile strikes if Syria ten days ago. The defeat of ISIS in Syria is within sight. The U.S. Is trying to get Russia to plan for Syria's future without bashar Al Assad. This bombing targeted the group of buses part of a population swap, part of an agreement that had been made. Reporter: It's just appalling, George. This morning, still no claims of responsibility for the bombing. Pope Francis condemning this attack. On Saturday, part of deal to evacuate besieged civilians, a convoy of buses left two government-controlled towns. A vehicle loaded with food stopped. Children swarmed around. Another vehicle packed with explosives rammed the convoy. More than 120 people killed. Including 68 children. The war goes on. The con voice has resumed. Now Washington, D.C., and President Trump is back in the
This transcript has been automatically generated and may not be 100% accurate.
18:41 Reported News Briefs Iyar 9, 5778 , 24/04/18 Iyar 9, 5778 , 24/04/18 Supreme Court prohibits even holding cell phone while driving Read more Court rules that, while driving, 'it is forbidden to hold or use a telephone without a hands-free device.' ► ◄ Last Briefs
One of these days, Connor McDavid is bound to snap.
It has to happen, doesn't it?
When he plays like this — dancing, singing, playing an instrmment, conducting the orchestra — and then not a single note registers on the night. Not a goal. Not an assist. Not a sound.
Nothing for hockey's single most entertaining player.
This wasn't just another of 82 NHL stops for McDavid in his third season. He doesn't view it that way. This is home. This matters. This is where his people are. This is where his family and his old coaches and hockey friends come to see what they can get only on television. This is where he turns it up, just a notch — his level starts above the rest of the pack. This day, this night, this trip to the place he used to sit with his dad and watch games, means everything to him.
And that's how he played it Sunday night in a circle-the-calendar night on the Oilers schedule. He played it like no one else can play it. With Bobby Orr in the building watching Wayne Gretzky and Paul Coffey, too.
There have been all kinds of special players in hockey history. But Orr, McDavid's agent, Gretzky, his Edmonton mentor, and Coffey, whom he has come to know, were the kind of players you couldn't take your eyes off. You followed them the way we normally follow the puck. And McDavid is the No. 1 attraction in hockey, carrying the puck from behind his own net the way Orr once did, and using a speed only Coffey can understand and then finding those open around him, the way only Gretzky could.
That was a McDavid Sunday night — maybe as great as he's ever been, even some Edmonton front office people were saying that — and both he and his snakebit Oilers had nothing to show for it. They were somehow shut out by the outplayed Leafs, shut out by the backup goaltender, Curtis McElhinney, who did the Dominik Hasek thing for one night of his career.
McDavid did just about everything. He created offence. He set up players. He used his speed to make the Leafs look helpless. He hit goal posts. He hit cross bars. He hit men open in the slot. He had a five-point kind of night with no points on the scorecard and how long can you do this and not be ready to explode?
Especially from a night in which he was on the hook for so many local tickets and he quietly complained — as many of us have — about the cost of buying Leaf tickets. This was McDavid's most expensive night of the season and he left nothing for chance, except an inability all around him to find a way to finish.,
“You want it to go on 5-10 minutes longer,” McDavid said afterwards, clearly shaken by the 1-0 defeat at the Air Canada Centre. “We didn't have any luck tonight.”
Before that he said: “For a 1-0 hockey game, this was pretty entertaining.”
[protected-iframe id="4d914a0352df14ff6d9a5410ccb31d3c-126506751-127512401" info="https://www.nhl.com/oilers/video/embed/post-game-raw--connor-mcdavid/t-277437406/c-55611603?autostart=false" width="540" height="360"]
Of that, he was correct. For the Oilers, it was entertaining and heartbreaking. This was the best night of this Air Canada Centre season as pure entertainment, the game most fun to watch, the most surprising, the most entertaining. You watch this kind of game and you want to scream at the National Hockey League for its geography. Toronto and Edmonton play once a year here, once a year in Edmonton, and that's it.
And even on a night when Auston Matthews was missing and the matchup was missing and the father and son who walked in wearing the jersey of one young star and the jersey of the other, you wished there was hockey like this every night.
The NHL doesn't need bigger nets or more scoring or even smaller goaltending equipment to be great. It needs more Edmonton and Toronto games.
“Two pretty exciting teams when they're going,” said Todd McLellan, the Oilers coach. It may happen one day in a Stanley Cup final. And if that doesn't happen, we'll all feel a little cheated along the way.
Gretzky never played Mario Lemieux in a playoff series. Sidney Crosby has yet to face Jonathan Toews. Matthews and McDavid: That would be hockey heaven, no matter what the result.
“You don't get anything for being close,” said McDavid, knowing how far down the Oilers are in the standings, knowing that every loss comes with the notion they are one game further away from qualifying for the playoffs. “We were the better team.”
An NHL without McDavid in the playoffs is a poorer league than it was last April. But there are four months yet to figure this all out.
“This is nothing more than an Oilers-Leafs matchup,” he said before the game, even realizing those words didn't necessarily ring true. It was more everything than just another game.
McDavid played it that way. He didn't just put on a show Sunday night, he was the show.
ssimmons@postmedia.com
twitter.com/simmonssteve
The House of Representatives may start its plenary discussions on a measure granting emergency powers for traffic by early February, Catanduanes Representative Cesar Sarmiento said on Monday.
Sarmiento said the House committee on transportation, which he chairs, would immediately act on the measure when Congress resumes its sessions on January 16.
“January 18 po, first meeting ng (of the) committee, aming tatalakayin yan (we will discuss that) and we will act accordingly dun sa side ng (on the side of the) House Traffic Crisis Act,” he said in an interview over DZMM.
ADVERTISEMENT
“Dito po sa lower house, maaksyunan po itong version namin this January and then siguro early part of February for discussion, for debate ng plenary,” the lawmaker added.
(Here in the lower house, our version might be acted upon this January and then probably by early February [it could proceed] for discussion, for plenary debate.)
Sarmiento said he would coordinate with Senator Grace Poe, chair of the Senate committee on public services, during the remaining two-week break of Congress to discuss the provisions of the measure that the chambers could reconcile.
“Para pagdating po ng bicam ay maganda po ang ating discussion,” he said.
([I will do this] so that we could have a good discussion during the [bicameral conference].)
Poe's committee had already approved the measure and she reported it out to the plenary before Congress took a break last December 14.
In the House version of the measure, Sarmiento said there is a provision that would require the Department of Transportation (DOTr) to submit a list of priority projects that would immediately address the traffic problem within 90 days.
The lawmaker noted that the 2017 budget did not contain funding for specific projects that would ease the worsening traffic in the country.
“So hahanapan po natin yan. Siguro by way of a supplemental budget, hahanapan po ng Kongreso at ng Senado,” Sarmiento added.
(We will find a way [to fund them]. Perhaps by way of supplemental budget, the Congress and the Senate will settle it.) CDG
On Saturday, April 15, the Animal Adventure Park's "Giraffe Cam" channel scored its biggest day, with more than 14 million live views.
A peak of more than 1.2 million people watched April give birth live on Saturday, April 15, at 9:55 a.m. ET on Saturday. That makes it one of the top five most-watched moments for a live event ever on YouTube. However, it was nowhere close to the most-viewed live-streaming event in YouTube's history: That's the Red Bull Stratos space jump by skydiver Felix Baumgartner in October 2012, which more than 8 million people watched live concurrently on YouTube.
Animal Adventure, an educational animal park in Harpursville, N.Y., launched the live-streaming channel for April the Giraffe on Feb. 10, 2017. According to Google, it has rapidly become the second-most live-viewed channel in the history of YouTube, behind only Riot Games' "League of Legends" eSports channel, which launched in 2012.
To date, April's live YouTube channel has received more than 232 million live views and racked up 7.6 billion minutes of live watch-time total. The average time watched has been about 30 minutes across an average of 3.5 million views per day.
YouTube released a chart showing the spike in traffic for April's live birth on Saturday:
In addition, Animal Adventure Park became the fifth-fastest channel to 200 million views, hitting the mark in just 54 days (behind the likes of Lady Gaga and Zayn). It's one of only seven channels to eclipse 100 million live views so far and the fastest to-do so of any channel, YouTube said.
The pregnant giraffe has become a pop-culture phenom, and videos that fans have posted to YouTube have been watched over 48.7 million times so far, according to the video platform provider. Those have included a parody of the live-stream by a pregnant woman, a day-by-day analysis of pregnancy signs, baby showers for April, and people anxiously awaiting the big event.
Two charged in connection with deadly shootout
Staff report
Two people were arrested on Monday in connection with a deadly shootout in Lincolnton on May 6.
Terry Lamont Moore, 43, of Raleigh, and Vickie Asbury Currence, 52, of Arrowhead Circle in Gastonia, are accused of going to a home on Painter Lane in Lincolnton on May 6 with another man, Marion Palmer Yarborough, 51, of Louisburg, under the pretense of selling stolen guns.
Deputies said the incident turned into a robbery, with Yarborough and Moore putting several residents of the home on the ground at gunpoint. A woman came out of a back bedroom of the home with a pistol and shot at Moore and Yarborough, who returned fire while leaving the home. Yarborough was shot and killed during the shootout. Deputies said Moore left in a vehicle driven by Currence.
Moore was charged with four felony counts of attempted robbery with a dangerous weapon, five felony counts of attempted murder and two felony counts of discharging a firearm into occupied property. He is being held under a $1 million secured bond.
Currence was charged with five felony counts of aiding and abetting attempted murder and four counts of aiding and abetting robbery with a dangerous weapon. She was placed in jail under a $650,000 secured bond.
Yarborough was convicted of misdemeanor breaking and entering in Franklin County in 1987, trespassing in Franklin County in 1988, receiving stolen goods and driving while license revoked in Granville County in 1989, felony breaking and entering, robbery with a dangerous weapon and larceny in Wake County in 1990, common law robbery in Wake County in 2001, felony breaking and entering, possession of a firearm by a felon and larceny from a person in Wake County in 2005, resisting an officer and felony breaking and entering in Franklin County in 2005, common law robbery in Franklin County in 2008, robbery with a dangerous weapon and possession of a firearm by a felon in Wake County in 2010 and larceny after breaking and entering in Franklin County in 2011. He served prison sentences from 1989-1998, 2001-2002, 2005-2006, 2008-2009 and 2011-2012. He was sentenced to nearly a decade in prison for his 2010 conviction and was released from a Lumberton prison on March 15. He was on parole at the time of his death.
Moore has prior convictions for breaking and entering and larceny in Wake County in 1990, operating a vehicle without a license, speeding from police, possession of a schedule Vi controlled substance and reckless driving in Wake County in 1991, common law robbery and receiving stolen goods in Pitt County in 1993, possession with intent to sell a schedule II controlled substance and conspiracy to sell a schedule II controlled substance in Wake County in 1993, assault on a female and injury to property in Wake County in 2004, larceny in Wake County in 2005, assault on a female in Wake County in 2007, injury to property in Wake County in 2010, assault on a female and driving while impaired in Wake County in 2011, violation of a protective order and assault by strangulation in Wake County in 2014 and driving while impaired in Johnston County in 2015. He served prison sentences from 1993-1994 and 2014-2013, and shorter sentences in 2005 and 2011, according to North Carolina Department of Public Safety records.
Image courtesy of LCSO
After nearly three weeks out of sight, Melania Trump tried to put to rest speculation about her health and even her whereabouts as she continues to recover from medical treatment for a kidney condition. It didn't completely work.
Mrs. Trump tweeted Wednesday that she's "feeling great" and is at the White House working hard for children and American families. But she still didn't make a public appearance, leaving some skeptics still wondering about her condition and plenty more.
The first lady's tweet landed while her husband was participating in a White House event that seemed tailor-made for a first lady, as famous athletes joined President Donald Trump and his daughter and senior adviser Ivanka Trump on the South Lawn to promote youth sports and fitness.
"I see the media is working overtime speculating where I am & what I'm doing," Mrs. Trump said on Twitter. "Rest assured, I'm here at the @WhiteHouse w my family, feeling great, & working hard on behalf of children & the American people!"
The first lady's absence from public view has spawned all sorts of wild theories on social media and elsewhere: Has she moved back to Trump Tower in New York City? Is she cooperating with the special counsel's Russia investigation? Is her health in jeopardy? Has she entered the witness protection program? And so on.
Mrs. Trump has not appeared in public since the wee hours of May 10, when she accompanied the president to a military base in Maryland to welcome home three Americans who had been released from detention in North Korea.
Four days later, the White House announced that the 48-year-old first lady had successfully undergone an "embolization" procedure to treat a benign kidney condition, and that there were no complications. She spent five nights at Walter Reed National Military Medical Center in nearby Bethesda, Maryland. Some doctors familiar with the procedure but not involved in her care said people treated with embolization typically are sent home the same day or the next.
First ladies are under no obligation to make their medical histories public, and the White House has said nothing more about Mrs. Trump's condition.
On Friday, the president tried to assure reporters that his wife was doing fine.
Asked about the first lady's health before he boarded the presidential helicopter on the South Lawn, Trump pointed to the second floor of the White House and said: "She's doing great. Right there. She's doing great. She's looking at us, right there."
Despite Trump's assurances, reporters didn't see any sign of the first lady watching from above.
Mrs. Trump is often viewed as a reluctant first lady, but her lengthy absence from public view comes after what was probably her most high-profile period in the role to date.
In April, she alone represented the administration at the Houston funeral of former first lady Barbara Bush. She joined the president to host the Japanese prime minister for talks at the Trumps' estate in Florida. That was followed by the French president's three-day state visit to the White House, which included the first state dinner planned under her watch for more than 100 guests.
Mrs. Trump capped it off in early May with a splashy Rose Garden rollout for her "Be Best" campaign to teach kindness to children. Trump watched from the audience.
Her popularity is rising, according to a recent CNN poll that found 57 percent of those surveyed saying they have a favorable impression of her, up from 47 percent in January.
A week after the first lady announced "Be Best," she was in the hospital.
She's been heard from — including tweets about the Texas school shooting, the newest Medal of Honor recipient and Memorial Day — but not seen since.
The first lady's longtime friend, Paolo Zampolli, thinks "she wanted to spend some quality time with her family."
Her spokeswoman, Stephanie Grisham, said the first lady has been meeting with her staff on the "Be Best" initiative and working on upcoming projects like the annual White House picnic for members of Congress in June and Fourth of July festivities.
Grisham said the first lady would like to be "out and about promoting her initiatives" but "her health comes first."
Jean Harris, who teaches political science and women's studies at the University of Scranton in Pennsylvania, said people so far seem to be giving the first lady "her space for a whole bunch of reasons."
But Harris said Mrs. Trump could end up being hurt by the fact that she made the long-waited announcement about her initiative — and then disappeared.
"If there's not that follow-up, I think people will begin to be a bit more critical than they have been," Harris said.
———
Follow Darlene Superville on Twitter: http://www.twitter.com/dsupervilleap
French train mechanic Jonathan Seigneur says President Emmanuel Macron has it all wrong.
Seigneur fixes trains for a modest salary that he accepted in exchange for job security, a tradeoff made by workers across the world's fifth-biggest economy. And now he is on strike, along with thousands of others at national railway SNCF, to protest Macron's changes to the rail sector — and protect the French way of life.
Macron, a former investment banker who is currently visiting the U.S., argues that worker protections stifle growth and innovation, and that the French lifestyle is no longer tenable in the 21st century global economy.
Seigneur, a 35-year-old father of two, says job security encourages people to spend money and helps France weather global recessions better than other leading economies.
"If job security is a privilege then I'd like for all the French to have this privilege," he said. "Soon it will be a privilege just to have a job. Or to eat at each meal."
Seigneur is fighting what many French workers see as an encroaching American-style system, where people are laid off without warning and "you take your pickup and the wife and kids, and go somewhere else."
"I don't believe the French want this kind of society," he says.
It's a timely criticism — coming just as Macron is being feted by U.S. President Donald Trump on a state visit to Washington.
Seigneur, with the powerful hard-left union CGT, talked to The Associated Press at different protest sites around Paris — starting from a blockade he set up in the Paris suburb of Pantin to try to save a threatened depot.
Later he donned a red union hat and stormed the SNCF freight headquarters in the suburb of Clichy with other union activists. They waved flags as they entered the building and mounted the roof, where they lit flares and sang songs, fists in the air.
Some two-thirds of French high-speed trains were cancelled Tuesday as workers held their 10th day of train strikes so far this month. Unions plan rolling train strikes through the end of June, and other sectors are also holding scattered walkouts as discontent mounts against Macron's changes to the French economy.
The SNCF reform aims to abolish a special status for train workers — known as cheminots — that effectively guarantees jobs for life. The reform would only apply to future hires, but Seigneur fears it would be the beginning of the unraveling of France's "notion of public service."
"We don't earn much but we do something for people," he said, notably providing extensive and affordable train service that "allows the little grandmother in the countryside to be able to see her grandchildren in Paris."
After 15 years at SNCF, he says his base gross salary is 1,600 euros a month. Base salaries are augmented with extra pay for difficult hours or seniority, all subject to income taxes and France's high payroll charges. He rides trains for free, and like all French workers has relatively generous vacation.
Seigneur rejects arguments that the strikers are clinging to unfair privileges, or are holding passengers hostage. While the strike has left many commuters and tourists fuming, France is proud of its railways and many riders think SNCF plays a special role.
The European Union is requiring its members to open up state-run rail networks to competition, and Macron's reform is in part meant to prepare SNCF for that challenge.
Seigneur is ready to carry the strike into the July-August school vacations if needed, and says it's important to stand up to Macron.
"It's like we didn't elect a president but a king, and we're going to show him that even if he's a king ... we won't give in. We are as stubborn as him," he said.
Still, Seigneur fears the reform will go ahead anyway.
And if it does?
Despite his attachment to the railways, he said he would quit SNCF and look for another job. Then he laughed and added, "Maybe as an Uber driver."
———
Nicolas Garriga contributed to this report.
Transcript for Inside Venezuela's Repressive Regime: Part 2
We drove through the mountains from Caracas to Valencia to meet a doctor here determined to show us the horrors that lay inside a hospital controlled by the iron fist of the government. If you take us in, it will be easier for us to get in than if we drive? Yes. He and his fellow doctors earnestly and deeply want to get the word out how bad the situation is. He doesn't want his face or name shown. But he's determined to show us what is going on inside the main hospital for this city of 2 million people. Right here you can see dozens people outside. And a lot of trash has built up. More patients being brought in. We follow him into the pediatric ward. Hospitals provide two things. They provide the bed and the doctor. Everything else has to be provided by the patient or their family. And that's what's so incredible. Down to the surgical gowns the doctors wear, and even soap to scrub in. And then we saw these children. It was already 11:00 at night and all of them were moaning. Writhing in their beds. Nurses were just standing there. There was nothing they could do. All of these children waiting for medication and additional testing. A little boy called janaico. He's been there over six weeks. It was just heartbreaking. Little malie has been suffering convulsions for months. Her family had to provide everything. She's been here six weeks and that is very expensive. As we're trying to leave, somebody pointed us out. They said, those guys are filming. Another guard closed the door to make sure that nobody left. They demanded our go pro, iPhone, and started asking us what we were doing. We said we were doing a story about the suffering of children. Reporting is not a crime in Venezuela, but they can make it a crime. That's what they did. After they found my Mike pack, they handcuffed us. That's when I realized that we're not going home. I was ordered onto the back of a pickup and they drove me through these darkened streets to the police station. They demand that I open the phone. I say, I'm not going to do it unless I get to call the embassy or ABC news. And then a guy comes in with a dip stick. Just kind of tapping it against his hand. I'm thinking, in the middle of the night what is an officer doing here with a dip stick? And then it dawns on me that this is intimidation. What followed were hours of questioning. The police denying me a phone call and representation. After browbeating me, intimidating me, suddenly the two started to chaunch. Change. I was made to understand what they really wanted was a bribe. But then I'm told Venezuela's dreaded secret police, the sebin, would have to be alerted. It was very scary and we took it very seriously. Because -- they are the most notorious agency in Venezuela. You think of the sebin, you think the stasi, the kgb. One of the things we underestimate is the degree to which Venezuela as a government views the U.S. As their enemy. It's a cold war where they are concerned and they see U.S. Spying in every corner. They asked, are you CIA? For the next three days, they questioned me. Asked me to open my phone and trolled my social media history. I was never harmed, but -- I was dungeon. It was always a constant reminder of where we could be sent if we fell afoul of these agents. On the fifth night, I was released. I left with only the clothes on my back. Our Our thanks to Matt Gutman and his team for their extraordinaryrting and
This transcript has been automatically generated and may not be 100% accurate.
Natalie Portman is an Oscar-winning actress who has appeared in three-Star Wars prequels and two Marvel movies (Thor and Thor: The Dark World), but for her newest movie, she does something she's yet to do on screen: speak French. The drama in question is Planetarium, an under-the-radar French-Belgian import that debuted in select theaters this past weekend. No matter its relative lack of mainstream buzz, it's a unique vehicle for the actress, who stars alongside Lily-Rose Depp (daughter of Johnny Depp and Vanessa Paradis) as an American in pre-WWII France who can speak to dead people. And on the heels of its debut, Yahoo Movies has an exclusive clip from the film.
The clip won't give you much of an idea of Planetarium's plot, which focuses on Portman and Depp's clairvoyant siblings, who after a lengthy world tour arrive in Paris and are subsequently hired by a French movie studio bigwig (Emmanuel Salinger) for a séance. Convinced of their powers, the mogul sets about making a movie with them, all while they live in his home, which leads to stardom and sisterly tensions that are only hinted at in this scene. What is conveyed here, though, is the lush, expressionistic atmosphere of director Rebecca Zlotowski's film — as well as its fondness for breathy narration.
A melodrama of a most unique sort, Planetarium once more proves that Portman is one of world cinema's most daring artists. To get a small taste of her latest work, check out our exclusive clip from the film (above), which is in select theaters now.
Natalie Portman in Jackie — watch a clip:
Read more from Yahoo Movies:
Authorities in North Carolina have accused a woman of filing nearly 300 insurance claims for cancer even though she didn't have the disease.
The North Carolina Department of Insurance said in a statement Tuesday that 60-year-old Susan Leigh Huebotter is charged with insurance fraud and obtaining property by false pretenses over $100,000.
The statement says Huebotter presented 287 cancer and hospitalization policy claims that were fraudulent. According to the arrest warrants, Huebotter made the claims between 2009 and 2017 without being diagnosed, treated or undergoing surgery for cancer.
Warrants say the false claims totaled $231,306.
Huebotter was arrested March 22 in North Carolina's Lenoir County and jailed on a $250,000 secured bond.
Online records didn't indicate whether she has an attorney.
The campgrounds are complete and opened for Memorial Day weekend. The pool opened Saturday.
“This project is part of an overall $170 million effort by the [Gov. Bill] Haslam administration to revitalize state parks,” Hill said. “These investments will help sustain our facilities and enhance the visitors' experience.”
The $2.2 million campground renovation project included widening and lengthening the campsite pads to accommodate current camping trends, the addition of 50-amp electrical service and providing potable water to all campground loop 3 sites. In addition, the project installed new bathhouses at campground loops 2 and 3. Cedars of Lebanon State Park also recently completed ADA access upgrades across the park.
“I am excited to see this money invested in Cedars of Lebanon State Park,” said Boyd. “These improvements are much needed and will certainly enhance the park, which is a tremendous asset for the people of Wilson County and the surrounding area.”
Pody agreed.
“Cedars of Lebanon State Park is such a Tennessee treasure,” said Pody. “I am very pleased with the renovations which make the park more attractive and welcoming for our local citizens and visitors alike. These new improvements and opportunities will encourage more people to visit and discover this wonderful park system, and I am happy to have supported them.”
“Tennessee State Parks are critical to our local communities,” Hill said. “Our parks generate local tax revenues, create jobs and offer health and wellness opportunities for our citizens.
“Gov. Haslam and the legislature understand the importance of Tennessee State Parks to our local economies and our quality of life, and I'm appreciative for their efforts over the past seven years to make our system one of the best in the nation.”
To make a camping reservation at Cedars of Lebanon State Park, call 615-443-2769 or visit tnstateparks.com/parks/about/cedars-of-lebanon.
A new effort is under way to raise $250 million to shore up San Francisco's aging seawall.Some political leaders say without it AT&T Park, new condo developments and Fisherman's Wharf would all be at risk.The San Francisco Seawall runs from Fisherman's Wharf down to Mission Creek and offers three miles of flood protection.It's served the city well and allowed the waterfront to grow and thrive. But now it's over 100 years old and showing its age.Cracks can be seen all along seawall on the Embarcadero.The fear is with the threat of a major quake and rising sea waters the wall won't be able to withstand nature's pounding and protect the waterfront, which now includes old favorite likes the Ferry Building, and new favorites like the Giants' ballpark and the new Warriors' arena under construction."Despite climate deniers, we know that the estimates of sea level rise by the end of this century are anywhere from 4 to 6 feet. We need to fix this seawall," Assemblyman David Chiu said.Chiu and State Senator Scott Wiener were surrounded by city leaders Monday as they introduced a new bill.Measure AB 25-78 would create a special tax district to divert state tax dollars to seawall improvement. and allow the city to sell bonds against future tax revenue.It's expected to raise $250 million adding to the $500 million they hope to raise with a bond measure on the November ballot.That's still just a drop in the bucket.The full seawall improvement cost is estimated at $5 billion.But consider that San Francisco's waterfront is home to $100 billion in assets and economic activity.
An excited Davis Love IV bolted out the car door after arriving at Erin Hills and went instinctively to pick up his bag when he was stopped by his caddie.
"He goes, 'Whoa, whoa, whoa. This is my job this week,'" Love said in recounting the words of his father, PGA Tour veteran and major championship winner Davis Love III.
It's a role reversal for the Love family on Father's Day weekend. What a way for the younger Love to make his professional debut — at the U.S. Open, with his dear old dad on the bag.
"He's played 23 U.S. Opens," said the younger Love, who goes by "Dru." ''He's seen every single possible thing you can ever see on a golf course, so that was pretty much a no-brainer for me."
The older Love won the PGA Championship in 1997 at Winged Foot. He is a two-time Ryder Cup captain who will be inducted into the World Golf Hall of Fame this fall.
Dru Love is just getting started. He just finished at Alabama and turned pro, having learned on Sunday that he qualified for his U.S. Open as an alternate from the Georgia sectional qualifier.
"I would say the only thing that's holding me back is my lack of experience. I went to Alabama for five years and played one healthy season of golf," Dru Love said. "My dad jokes that I'm 23 years old but I'm 19 in golf."
While the older Love has caddied previously for Dru, father and son have both said the arrangement felt a little odd during their first few days at Erin.
"For the first two days it felt weird having him do the things that I'm usually doing for him, you know, handing him a golf ball or cleaning a club," Dru Love said.
Dru Love has won tournaments with his father on the bag, though as an amateur.
"I've played with a bunch of 19- and 20-year-olds," the elder Love said this week as he watched his son tee off during a practice round with Ryder Cup captain Jim Furyk. "But it makes me feel old that he's playing."
Love III has been slowed by a bad back this year. The 53-year-old pro did not plan to try to qualify for the U.S. Open until he caddied for his son in an earlier qualifying round. Love missed out by eight shots after trying to qualify in Columbus, Ohio.
But the elder Love's experience will come in handy at a long course like Erin Hills, which is making its major championship debut.
"Patience, and routine, and staying calm, and not trying to get ahead of yourself, one shot at a time. He reminds me of that," Dru Love said.
Golf is a family business. His grandfather, Davis Love Jr., was a teaching pro and played in six U.S. Opens.
This will be the first time that Love III will be wearing shorts at a major. So far, it has slowed him down while getting his son golf balls on the range.
"It takes him about 25 minutes because everyone stops and is talking to him," Dru Love joked. "Saying 'Oh, it's the first time we've ever seen your legs' and this and that."
———
More AP golf: apnews.com/tag/apf-Golf
———
Follow Genaro Armas at http://twitter.com/GArmasAP
WASHINGTON (AP) — The Federal Reserve's first meeting under Jerome Powell's leadership will likely end Wednesday with an announcement that the Fed will resume its modest interest rate hikes.
But investors will be most attuned to what Powell signals at his first news conference about whether and how he might steer the Fed's policymaking differently from his predecessor, Janet Yellen. Will he, for example, be inclined to step up the pace of Fed rate hikes?
Powell hasn't yet tipped his hand. Speaking to Congress last month, the new chairman said his "personal outlook" on the economy had strengthened since December, when the Fed's policymakers collectively forecast three rate hikes for 2018, the same as in 2017. That comment helped send stocks tumbling because it suggested that the Fed might be about to accelerate the gradual pace it had pursued under Yellen. More aggressive rate increases would likely slow the economy and make stocks less appealing.
Yet when he testified to Congress again two days later, Powell tempered his view: He stressed that the Fed still thinks it has room to maintain a moderate pace of rate hikes, in part to allow Americans' average wages, which have stagnated for years, to pick up. The impression was that he might not favor raising rates faster than Yellen did after all — at least not yet.
That said, few doubt that the Fed will announce when its policy meeting concludes that it will resume raising rates, after having most recently done so in December. A healthy job market and a steady if unspectacular economy have given the Fed the confidence to think the economy can withstand further increases within a still historically low range of borrowing rates.
The financial markets have been edgy for weeks, and Powell's back-and-forth comments have been only one factor. A sharp rise in wage growth reported in the government's January jobs report triggered fears that higher labor costs would lead to higher inflation and, ultimately, to higher interest rates. Stocks sank on the news. But subsequent reports on wages and inflation have been milder, and the markets appear to have stabilized.
The February jobs report pointed to an unusually robust labor market: Employers added 313,000 jobs, the largest monthly gain in 1½ years. The unemployment rate remained at a 17-year low of 4.1 percent.
Other measures of the economy, though, have been more sluggish. Consumer spending, the economy's primary fuel, has slowed this year and has led many economists to downgrade their forecasts for growth in the January-March quarter. Some now envision an annual growth rate of just 1.7 percent for the quarter.
Forecasts for all of 2018, though, still predict an acceleration later this year, driven in part by the stimulative effect of the sweeping tax cuts President Donald Trump pushed through Congress in December and a budget agreement in January to raise government spending by $300 billion over two years.
If economic growth does pick up and the job market remains healthy, the Powell Fed is viewed as likely to accelerate its rate hikes, from the three it projected in December to four this year. Even after five rate increases over the past 27 months, the Fed's benchmark rate remains in a still-low range of 1.25 percent to 1.5 percent, up from a record low near zero as recently as December 2015. The Fed's slighter higher key rate has, however, contributed to higher consumer loan rates, including for home mortgages.
Some economists say they think Powell will try to demonstrate at the start of his tenure that he is serious about keeping inflation under control, a central responsibility for any Fed leader.
"Powell will want to make sure he establishes his credentials as an anti-inflation chairman," said Sung Won Sohn, an economics professor at California State University, Channel Islands.
Besides announcing its rate decision Wednesday, the Fed will update its quarterly forecasts, which will show its expectations for growth, unemployment, inflation and the expected pace of its rate increases over the next three years. Even if the Fed doesn't explicitly predict four rate hikes for 2018, it could effectively signal as much by upgrading its expectations for growth.
The Fed's December estimate for economic growth in 2018, as measured by the gross domestic product, was 2.5 percent, an upgrade from its 2.1 percent forecast of three months earlier. Now, with the tax cuts and spending increases in place, might the Fed raise that growth forecast even further?
In his news conference after the Fed's meeting ends, Powell will be able to shape perceptions of the central bank's likely direction under his stewardship. It won't be without risk. Any serious misstep could unnerve global financial markets. But Powell's testimony to Congress last month drew strong reviews.
"Powell delivered a solid performance before Congress, worthy of William McChesney Martin," said David Jones, an economist who has written books on the Fed, referring to the longest-serving Fed chairman, whose tenure stretched from 1951 until 1970. The plain-spoken Martin once suggested that the Fed's key function was to take away the "punch bowl" just when the party is really warming up.
"Powell is well-prepared for this job, and I think he will be a Martin-type guy who will describe the Fed's actions in plain, understandable terms," Jones said.
FOREST — The Forest-Jackson Public Library will host a performance by Magic Nate at 10:30 a.m. Tuesday at Gormley Park, Forest.
The program is part of the library's summer reading program. A free community lunch will follow at 11:30.
Comments
comments
Laboratory tests confirmed the presence of H5N8 avian influenza among backyard birds and at a poultry farm in two rural districts near the western town of Niort, the Deux-Sevres prefecture said in a statement.
The H5N8 strain of the disease is highly contagious among birds and has spread in a number of European countries since late last year. It is not known to be contagious for humans.
France has already confirmed more than 80 cases of H5N8 bird flu among domestic poultry, but these have been in southwestern areas far from the latest outbreaks.
The country, which is has the largest poultry flock in the European Union, was already affected by a severe bird flu episode a year ago in the southwest that led the authorities to suspend duck and goose breeding in the region known for production of foie gras liver pate.
Different strains of bird flu have also spread in Asia in recent weeks, leading to the slaughtering of millions of birds in South Korea and Japan and several human infections in China.
By Deirdre Haggerty
Hands down, the best egg rolls are in New York City. Of course, Chinatown boasts the cream of the crop, but delectable variations of the traditional egg roll could be found in Chelsea, the West Village and the Upper West Side. Not only will you find delightful egg rolls at these top 5 New York restaurants, which are suitable as a meal or appetizer, but also top-rated fare to round out your dining experience.
RedFarm
2170 Broadway
New York, NY 10024
(212) 724-9700
www.redfarmnyc.com
Also located in the West Village, RedFarm is known for its Katz's Pastrami Egg Roll, coming to fame at the original location on the Upper West Side. Dim sum master chef Joe Ng and Chinese food expert Ed Schoenfeld united to join “greenmarket sensibility with modern and inventive Chinese food.” Because of RedFarm's swift rise to popularity, it is now crossing the pond and opening in London soon.
Buddakan
75 9th Ave.
New York, NY 10011
(212) 989-6699
www.buddakannyc.com
Modern Asian food meets the “flamboyant” décor of 16th – century Paris. Located in Chelsea, Buddakan is renowned for its Lobster egg rolls stuffed with shrimp, Thai basil and sweet chili. While reservations are required, orders could also be placed for takeout.
Nom Wah Tea Parlor
13 Doyers St.
New York, NY 10013
(212) 962-6047
www.nomwah.com
With various owners, Nom Wah Tea Parlor has an interesting history, first opening in Chinatown 1920 as a bakery and tea parlor, then moving a few doors down in 1968. Nom Wah Tea Parlor has been the backdrop for many movies and television shows and boasts three additional locations throughout NYC and one in Philadelphia. Known for dim sum and tea, the original egg rolls are delicious, featuring 2 pieces of chicken and mixed vegetables rolled in a crepe with homemade batter.
Related: Best NY Hotel Packages For Valentine's Day
Wo Hop City
17 Mott St.
New York, NY 10013
(212) 566 – 3841
www.wohopchinese.com
Voted the best egg rolls according to Foursquare, Wo Hop City is a gem in the center of Chinatown. Enjoy traditional Chinese food the way it should be. Keep an eye out for the stairs, as you might walk right past this delightful New York City staple.
Hop Kee
21 Mott St.
New York, NY 10013
(212) 964-8365
www.hopkeenyc.com
If you like your egg roll like a meal, then hop on in to Hop Kee for lunch or dinner. Yes, it is another Chinatown location that is downstairs, which you might miss if your head is buried in your phone. It is perfect for take-out or eat-in, and diners are never disappointed.
Related: Best New Winter Bar Openings in NY
Getty Image
House Majority Whip Steve Scalise (R-LA) was one of four victims shot by James T. Hodgkinson during Congressional baseball practice for a charity game. Upon reaching the hospital, he was immediately rushed into surgery (due to being shot in the hip) and was said to be in “good spirits.” However, MedStar Washington Hospital Center has revealed that Scalise's condition was (and is) much more precarious than previously reported.
Along with Matt Mika, a former congressional staffer and current Tyson Foods lobbyist, Scalise remains in critical condition. In addition to the first surgery and an additional procedure (to halt his bleeding), Scalise will have to undergo multiple additional surgeries due to internal organ damage. In other words, he's not on the upswing, via the hospital's statement:
“Congressman Steve Scalise sustained a single rifle shot to the left hip. The bullet traveled across his pelvis, fracturing bones, injuring internal organs, and causing severe bleeding. He underwent immediate surgery, and an additional procedure to stop bleeding. He has received multiple units of blood transfusion. His condition is critical, and he will require additional operations. We will provide periodic updates.”
President Trump (who has so far managed not to politicize this horrific attack, unlike his usual approach to tragic news) visited Scalise at the hospital and says he's in “tough shape” with a long road ahead.
Just left hospital. Rep. Steve Scalise, one of the truly great people, is in very tough shape – but he is a real fighter. Pray for Steve! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) June 15, 2017
(Via CNN)
Authorities confiscated 10,000 gallons of illegal alcohol from tourist hot spots in Mexico.Officials raided 31 resorts and nightclubs after reports of counterfeit liquor being served to customers.Two bars were shut down, including a lobby bar where Abbey Connor, 20, of Wisconsin allegedly drank tainted alcohol and later drowned in a pool during a family vacation in January.Connor was found facedown in the pool at Iberostar Paraiso resort in Playa del Carmen. Her brother suffered a concussion. He said he doesn't remember what happened and there were reportedly no cameras.The popular Fat Tuesday bar in Cancun has been temporarily shut down.
LOS ANGELES — In the end, the Dodgers decided they would get more use out of a reliever they might be afraid to use than a baserunning specialist.
Dodgers manager Dave Roberts indicated the final decision before the team submitted its roster for the NL Division Series on Friday morning came down to “Baez versus Locastro.” The Dodgers went with an eighth reliever, right-hander Pedro Baez, over minor-league utilityman Tim Locastro.
After promoting him for the final series of the regular season, the Dodgers opted against including Locastro on the playoff roster just to pinch-run. Kyle Farmer was included as a third catcher, freeing up Austin Barnes or Yasmani Grandal to pinch hit.
“Ultimately, Pedro has been a big part of what we've done all year,” Roberts said. “I trust him.”
Baez made more appearances than any other Dodgers reliever this season – often to the displeasure of Dodgers fans who focused their ire on him as he struggled in the second half of the season. Baez finished with a 2.95 ERA and 64 strikeouts in 64 innings but allowed nine runs on nine hits and seven walks over his final 8 1/3 innings this season.
“I'm definitely confident that he's worked out his issues,” Roberts said earlier this week. “It was, I don't know, three weeks of tough sledding for Pedro. But I think his last four outings, I think he had four scoreless outings in a row and threw the ball well.
“If you look at the entire body of work and the last couple weeks or 10 days he's thrown the baseball really well and had a great year.”
Nonetheless, Roberts acknowledged that he might not use Baez in the same kind of high-leverage role he filled during the season.
“I think that's fair,” he said. “You have to look at the recency of the struggles he's had.
“It's fair to say a couple guys moved ahead of him.”
Right-hander Ross Stripling was also included on the NLDS roster despite a 6.08 ERA over his final 13 appearances.
“I think Ross can execute a pitch when he needs to,” Roberts said. “It wasn't an ideal September for Ross. But if you look at each outing, there was some – you don't want to call it luck but there was some soft contact that certain hits got through and it leads to an ERA that people look at.
“As far as quality pitch-making, he's as good as we have really.”
RAY TURN
Manager Torey Lovullo officially named Robbie Ray the Diamondbacks' Game 2 starter Friday afternoon.
The left-hander pitched 2 1/3 innings in the Diamondbacks' victory over the Colorado Rockies in the NL wild card game Wednesday. That left him unavailable for Game 1, which was started by Taijuan Walker on Friday, but the Dodgers could still see Ray twice in the series if it goes to five games.
Lovullo did not name his starters for Games 4 and 5. Zack Greinke will start Game 3 on Monday at Chase Field where he was 13-1 with a 2.87 ERA and 0.96 WHIP during the regular season.
“We're expecting some dog fights out there and some really, really strong battles, and we're going to use every bit of force that we possibly can to make sure that we take care of today,” Lovullo said. “So where that lands us on Game 4, we're not sure at this point.”
Ray went 15-5 with a 2.89 earned-run average this season. The left-hander went 3-0 with a 2.27 ERA in five starts against the Dodgers. He allowed just two runs in three starts at Dodger Stadium.
“Obviously, the atmosphere here is different. The fans are loud,” Ray said. “It's pitching against the best team in baseball, so you obviously want to bring your A-game, your best stuff. So I think it's just a combination of all those things.”
GOOD CRY
Roberts said he had “a good cry” Friday when he thought about how much enjoyment his father would have watching the postseason. Waymon Roberts died this spring.
“He'd be wearing his big Dodgers' blue jacket and he would tell how proud he was,” Dave Roberts said.
Roberts' father passed away during spring training and Dave had to return to the team so he said he never really has had time to grieve. Those emotions came up Friday as he was looking through some photos.
“It felt good,” he said. “Got it out of my system.”
Staff writer J.P. Hoornstra contributed to this notebook.
FULLERTON, Calif. (AP) -- Tommy Rutherford scored 17 points on 7-of-9 shooting and Evan Leonard had 14 points, six rebounds, seven assists and two steals on Saturday night to help UC Irvine beat Cal State Fullerton 63-58.
Eyassu Worku added 12 points for UC Irvine (11-14, 6-3 Big West). The Anteaters have won three in a row and five of their last six.
Kyle Allman made a layup, a jumper and hit 1-of-2 free throws and, after Worku made two foul shots, Austen Awosika converted a 3-point play to pull Fullerton (12-8, 5-3) within five points with 54 seconds to play. Worku hit two more free throws to make it 57-50, but Awosika and Allman sandwiched 3-pointers around a pair of free throws by Leonard to trim the deficit to 59-56 with 29 seconds left. UCI made 4 of 6 free throws, and the Titans missed 3 of 4 from the field, from there to seal it.
Allman led CS Fullerton with 20 points and Awosika added 16.
Mercedes driver Lewis Hamilton of Britain exits his car following the third practice session for the Japanese Formula One Grand Prix at Suzuka, Japan, Saturday, Oct. 7, 2017. (AP Photo/Eugene Hoshiko)
SUZUKA, Japan (AP) — Valtteri Bottas clocked the fastest lap in the final practice for the Japanese Formula One Grand Prix on Saturday, edging Mercedes teammate and championship leader Lewis Hamilton.
Bottas' time of 1 minute, 29.055 seconds was .014 faster than Hamilton in the last practice before qualifying later Saturday.
Ferrari driver Sebastian Vettel was third-fastest followed by Red Bull duo Max Verstappen and Daniel Ricciardo.
Vettel's Ferrari teammate Kimi Raikkonen crashed late on but was unhurt.
With five races remaining, Hamilton leads Vettel by 34 points in the driver's championship.
Hamilton won at Suzuka in 2014 and 2015 and was second to former Mercedes teammate Nico Rosberg last year.
Another win would move Hamilton a step closer to a third F1 title in four years with Mercedes and his fourth overall.
ALAMEDA, Calif. -- Jon Gruden yelled out instructions, called out plays and ran an NFL practice for the first time since leaving coaching nearly a decade ago in Tampa Bay.This was the day Gruden had been waiting for ever since he was hired for a second stint as Oakland Raiders coach.The Raiders opened their first voluntary minicamp under Gruden on Tuesday with optimism that a change in coach can alter the fortunes of a team coming off a down season."The practice field has always been a laboratory for a coach," Gruden said. "That's where we earn our pay. We have to develop this team. We have to learn a lot about them quickly. We have a lot of things to teach, a lot of things to improve. It was fun to be out there. I don't want to be too deep or philosophical or I might start crying."While only the first 30 minutes of practice were open to the media, there was a different vibe than in previous years with Gruden's loud voice replacing music as the soundtrack on the field.There were even large video boards on the field, allowing players to watch replays of practice plays immediately after they happened to make corrections more quickly. Gruden said that was something he first saw watching Jim Harbaugh's practices at Michigan and adopted it himself.Gruden viewed this minicamp as an examination to see how well the players have learned the plays and system in meeting rooms the past two weeks. Gruden said he tried to throw a few extra wrinkles at quarterback Derek Carr and was pleased with how he responded."He threw everything at me," Carr said. "He tried to get me to see if I was listening to him in the meetings. We had a lot of fun doing that. It's always fun to accept his challenge and hopefully do good at it and look at him or wink at him or something like that. We have fun together because we both have the same goal of putting the ship in the water and hitting this thing running."Gruden takes over a team that fell from 12 wins in 2016 to just six last season, leading to the firing of coach Jack Del Rio and a second stint for Gruden in Oakland. The Raiders' facility looks far different than it did during Gruden's first tenure from 1998 to 2001 thanks to a workout center that Del Rio initiated and new fields.The team needs plenty of work after last year's disappointment.The Raiders had major drops in scoring (26 to 18.8), yards per game (373.3 to 324.1) and committed twice as many turnovers (14 to 28) this past season as Carr took a major step back in his development while dealing with a back injury for part of the season.But Gruden sees great potential for Carr to get back to the level he reached in 2016, when his play helped earn him a $125 million, five-year extension in the offseason."I got really excited out there today," Gruden said. "You can have a really creative imagination with that guy at the quarterback position. He can make every throw. It comes out of his hand fast and accurate. He's mobile and sharp. He's a great leader."The defense became the first in NFL history to fail to record an interception in the first 10 games of the season and generated only 14 takeaways all season compared to 30 in 2016.The Raiders have brought in more than 20 free agents this offseason as Gruden has tried to put his imprint on the team. One of the most significant moves was the signing of receiver Jordy Nelson to replace Michael Crabtree , who was released to make room.But there are also some key pieces missing, most notably 2016 AP Defensive Player of the Year Khalil Mack , who is not participating in the offseason program while seeking a long-term contract before he can become a free agent next offseason.Starting left tackle Donald Penn is still recovering from foot surgery and last year's top two draft picks, cornerback Gareon Conley (shin) and safety Obi Melifonwu (hip), aren't taking part in team drills.
5 Best Ski Lodges In The U.S. A look at five of the very best ski lodges in the United States.
Five Must-See Destinations In ParisWithin the 41 square miles of Paris, France there are over 60 main attractions for visitors to discover ranging from Museums, Churches, Monuments and Squares as well as examples of contemporary and traditional architecture. This is far too many sites for the average tourist to attempt to visit during a short stay in the city of lights. Thus a list of the five most famous and must see attractions is in order.
A jury in Northern California convicted a 20-year-old man of torturing, starving and beating two children whose bodies were found in a storage unit.
The jury on Monday found Gonzalo Curiel guilty in the 2015 killings of a 7-year-old boy and his 3-year-old sister. They also convicted him of torturing their older sister in their Salinas apartment, KSBW-TV reported.
Curiel's former girlfriend and the children's relative, Tami Huntsman, 42, pleaded guilty in February to two counts of murder. Huntsman had agreed to care for the three children after their mother was killed in a car accident and their father — who is related to Huntsman — was sent to prison.
An officer found the oldest child, then 9, with bruises and a broken collarbone in the backseat of a locked SUV in December 2015. Officials later located the tiny bodies of her siblings in plastic containers inside a storage unit in Redding, about 300 miles (483 kilometers) north of Salinas.
The child told investigators that Huntsman and Curiel killed her younger siblings on Thanksgiving after she was caught stealing a bagel. The girl, now 12, was the primary witness in Curiel's trial.
She told jurors she and her siblings were stripped naked, sprayed down with cold water, beaten with a shower head, and locked in a tiny bathroom for extended periods of time as punishment.
Curiel was a "sadistic" person who "enjoyed controlling and hurting children," Monterey County Assistant District Attorney Steve Somers said.
Curiel was a minor when the killings occurred. He was tried as an adult, but prosecutors were not able to seek the death penalty under California law. He and Huntsman were scheduled to be sentenced next week.
———
This story has been corrected to show Gonzalo Curiel's first name was misstated as Gustavo.
———
Information from: KSBW-TV.
Over the years, there have been dozens of sports movies pitting the lovable underdogs against the seemingly unbeatable elites — it's a classic American story. But none were perhaps as big of a surprise hit as 2004's Dodgeball: A True Underdog Story. Directed by Rawson Marshall Thurber, the film starred Vince Vaughn and Ben Stiller as, respectively, the underdog owner of failing gym Average Joe's and the elite fitness guru trying to push the facility out of business. Backed by a wide and deep cast that also featured Justin Long as a male cheerleader, Alan Tudyk as a 24-7 pirate cosplayer, Rip Torn as a weathered old dodgeball coach, Christine Taylor as an athletically gifted lawyer, and more, Dodgeball was a surprise hit that summer, earning $167 million worldwide on a reported $20 million budget.
And while a long-discussed sequel to the film has never materialized, Dodgeball fans scored the next best thing on Wednesday morning when Omaze launched a new charity campaign with a video that reunites the original cast. The clip, seen above, stars Stiller as Globo Gym chief White Goodman, who's back to implore viewers to team up with him in Omaze's new contest. But, lo and behold, Vaughn's Peter LaFleur is on hand too, along with Long and Taylor, to represent the Average Joe's. Hilarity ensues and so does a request: Fans are encouraged to pick a side by signing up via Omaze's website (either omaze.com/globo or omaze.com/joes) for the chance to play dodgeball with Stiller himself. Proceeds will benefit the Stiller Foundation, which supports education initiatives for children around the world.
EW talked with Stiller about filming the new video and looking back on the “true underdog story,” 13 years later.
ENTERTAINMENT WEEKLY: What did it feel like to step back into the White Goodman shoes?
BEN STILLER: It was really strange and fun. I didn't know what it would be like, because I was away from it for so long and I never really thought there would be any reason to do the character again, but then when this opportunity came up, especially talking to Omaze and what good ideas for fundraising there would be, over the years we've been aware of people who are fans of the movie and their connection with it, which I've appreciated. It's fun to connect with people on something like that — like at Halloween, I see people dressed up as the movie and things like that. To me, it was really important when we said we could do it, the first person I called was Rawson Thurber, who wrote and directed the movie, and said, “Hey would you get on board with this thing? If you wrote and direct this thing, we could put the band back together.” That was the key to it, these things don't exist in a vacuum in terms of the writing and situation. Once Rawson said yes, I called Vince up, and he immediately said, “I'm in, let's do it, it's for a good cause.” Then we got Justin Long and Christine Taylor and Missi Pyle and everybody; it was really exciting for us all to get back together. So we got our Halloween costumes, and luckily it's Spandex so it all still kind of fit.
Are these new costumes?
We found the original costumes, literally the original mustache, and wig, this ratty old caterpillar of a mustache. Then it was one of those things where it came back, in terms of the dynamic. I think Rawson wrote a great little piece, it was really fun. We were in a gym and shooting, so it was a very similar situation to when we did the movie except all these years have gone by. So it was kind of bizarre yet fun, but also weird and eerie how everything came back, like Vince's reactions and our whole dynamic. The dynamic is important when you're doing a character like White because the whole thing is based on the dynamic of them playing off each other. That was really fun to jump back in.
Where did you come up with the character for White?
I honestly don't know. It all kind of comes from the Tony Robbins impression that I tried to do on The Ben Stiller Show, and then it became Tony Perkis from Heavyweights [whom Stiller played] and then it morphed into White Goodman. I don't have that many moves, really. It's funny because once you do the makeup and get the wig on, then you're suddenly like, “Oh yeah, I got this.” But I did watch a couple YouTube clips from the movie to reacquaint myself with what I was doing.
Read More
Last year, as reported by the Wall Street Journal, sales of personal luxury goods like designer clothing and accessories declined for the first time since the depths of the recession in 2009. Maureen Chiquet has had a front-row seat to changes at the very top of the retail food chain. After working for iconic brands like L'Oréal and Gap, she spent nine years running French luxury retailer Chanel. Marketplace host Kai Ryssdal talked with her about her new memoir “Beyond the Label: Women, Leadership and Success on Our Own Terms.” The following is an edited transcript of their conversation.
Kai Ryssdal: You start this book with a shopping spree. Because you left Chanel, and you basically chucked your whole wardrobe, or you put it in storage or something, right?
Maureen Chiquet: I definitely put it in storage. Yeah.
Ryssdal: Quite symbolic. I mean, there was clearly a lot going on in your mind at that time.
Chiquet: Yeah, it's funny. I had worn a uniform, for what, 13 years since I'd been at Chanel. And it was composed of things from my wardrobe before, like jeans and tank tops, but literally almost every outfit had a Chanel jacket. And in a way, it had started to identify me. So the symbolism of actually going through and purging and cleaning my closet was really about reclaiming who I was originally.
Ryssdal: Well, it's interesting because you say in this book that you are not frilly and you are not fussy, and yet you have a very finely tuned sense of style, clearly, were working for Chanel. The question that has to be asked is, how does a woman from St. Louis wind up one of running the world's most-recognized luxury brands?
Chiquet: I think taking a very unorthodox route. For me, it all started with goat cheese. I know that sounds really strange, but it's true. I mean, my senses got blown wide open by being in France for the first time and really soaking up all the beauty, and loving the way that the French could take in beauty and appreciate it. I ended up going back several times through college. After college, I had no sense of any idea of what I could do and wanting desperately to go to France. And that was my first job at L'Oréal. So anyway, long story short from the Gap back to the Gap and into Chanel later on.
Ryssdal: Well, talk to me about the consumer in retail today. Because American consumers or really globally, consumers are notoriously fickle. The stakes that you and all retail play on are extremely high. How do you use gut and data?
Chiquet: Yeah, well, first of all, I think the consumer has changed, and there have been major massive disruptions in the business. Obviously, the internet and what that's done to the way that we shop and what we expect from brands. And then, of course, these millennials and Generation Y and Z, however you want to call them, have so many different values and are making decisions with a different frame. So, I think that does require us to look different. Look at data but also to tap into what this generation cares about, and what's going on in the world, and how they're shopping.
Ryssdal: Once you finish the book tour and all of that and whatever, I guess, side consulting gigs you have, do you have any desire to get back into retail?
Chiquet: You know, it's so funny. I every job I've had has come from some kind of inspiration. You know, I left for France to work at L'Oréal mostly because I loved Paris. I loved France. I “fell into the Gap” quote unquote because I saw that poster from Miles Davis.
Ryssdal: Oh, right, if you remember those ads from the '70s or whenever it was.
Chiquet: Exactly. You know, I saw that poster of Miles Davis, and he was wearing a Gap T-shirt. And I ended up going to Chanel because I read about her and her story and how she changed the way women could dress. And so my answer to you is, if the inspiration is there, then yes. But who knows.
Ryssdal: Maureen Chiquet, used to be the global CEO of Chanel, her new book is called "Beyond the Label." Maureen, thanks a lot.
Time's Up, an advocacy and legal-defense group fighting sexual harassment in Hollywood and beyond, wants New York Gov. Andrew Cuomo to investigate why a prominent prosecutor decided against prosecuting Harvey Weinstein in 2015, two years before dozens of allegations of sexual misconduct and assault against the producer became public.
The open letter, which was exclusively obtained and published by New York magazine's The Cut, calls on Cuomo to "launch an independent investigation of the New York County District Attorney, Cyrus Vance, and the office of the District Attorney to determine the facts related to the decision not to prosecute Harvey Weinstein for sexual abuse crimes against one of his accusers, Ambra Battilana [Gutierrez]."
Gutierrez, a Filipina-Italian model, got Weinstein on audio in March 2015 allegedly admitting to groping her, according to a New York magazine article referenced in the Time's Up letter. The audio recording was part of a sting operation led by the New York Police Department.
On the tape, Weinstein tries to convince her to come into his room, and only after almost two minutes of back-and-forth in the hallway does Weinstein finally end his efforts to get her to stay, New York magazine reported.
Spencer Platt/Getty Images, FILE
Time's Up's open letter to the New York governor focuses on a New York magazine's report suggesting that the district attorney's office may have mishandled the case against Weinstein at the time.
"Reports that District Attorney Cyrus Vance could have been improperly influenced by Mr. Weinstein and/or his representatives, and that senior officials within the DA's office may have sought to intimidate Battilana are particularly disturbing and merit investigation," the letter said.
"Similarly, reports that the New York Police Department chose to isolate Battilana from Vance's staff because they feared his office was actively working to discredit her story demand immediate scrutiny," the letter continued.
Gutierrez said previously about her experience with Weinstein, “There were two years where I lost a lot in my life, but I wanted to help others. I'm happy now no one will suffer anymore.”
Robyn Beck/AFP/Getty Images, FILE
ABC News reached out to Gutierrez today, but didn't immediately hear back.
The district attorney's office told ABC News that the New York magazine article “bears little resemblance to the facts.”
“The Manhattan DA's pioneering sex crimes unit – the first of its kind in the country – has been a national leader in the investigation and prosecution of sexual assaults committed by perpetrators of all backgrounds since the 1970s,” the statement continued. “The idea that our office would shrink from the challenge of prosecuting a powerful man is belied by our daily work and unparalleled record of success on behalf of sexual assault survivors.”
The statement went on to describe the different roles of prosecutors and police, concluding that because of current, active investigations of Weinstein, the prosecutor's office can't comment further.
“ ” There were two years where I lost a lot in my life, but I wanted to help others. I'm happy now no one will suffer anymore.
ABC News also reached out to representatives for Gov. Cuomo and the NYPD but didn't immediately hear back.
Weinstein's lawyer, Ben Brafman, in a statement to ABC News slammed the New York magazine report on Gutierrez.
"We are stunned that NY Magazine chose to report on the claim" by Gutierrez against Weinstein without noting that in a sworn affidavit she 'stated in substance that her complaint against Harvey was the result of a misunderstanding and that her decision to report the incident to the police, was attributed by her to 'bad advice' she received," Brafman said in his statement.
Andrew Burton/Getty Images, FILE
The NYPD said the 2015 case against Weinstein was never prosecuted, New York magazine reported.
And according to the New Yorker magazine, after the district attorney's office decided not to press charges, Gutierrez "signed a highly restrictive nondisclosure agreement" with Weinstein in addition to the affidavit.
Time's Up's letter said that if Weinstein had been successfully prosecuted in 2015, other women might have been spared his alleged sexual misconduct.
John Carucci/AP
"Arguably his continued victimization of others could have been avoided," the letter said.
Weinstein, 66, has been accused by dozens of women of sexual misconduct, including rape. Though the former movie mogul has apologized for his behavior and sought professional help, a spokeswoman for him has told ABC News that "any allegations of nonconsensual sex are unequivocally denied by Mr. Weinstein."
Following publicity on the allegations, Weinstein was fired from The Weinstein Company, banned from the Producer's Guild of America and expelled from the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences.
Sabina Ghebremedhin and Aaron Katersky contributed to this report.
Bhekumuzi Ncube, Sunday Life Reporter
BULAWAYO independent producers have expressed readiness to provide exciting TV programmes, taking advantage of the Government's digitalisation exercise.
Tafadzwa Dube, a former ZBC staffer, said he had already come up with a reality television programme profiling women that “have made it against all odds”.
“The programme is about women that have made it in the society, leaders in various spheres of society be it business, politics, sports and so forth to give inspiration to the girl child. The programme will be aptly titled Unlimited Women,” said Dube.
A number of women head several institutions but little or nothing is said about them compared to men, said Dube, adding “this is where our programme comes in.
“We have so far done three episodes of the programme. We are however, all ears to take ideas or names of several other women that people think we must profile.”
Government is rolling out a digitisation exercise of the country's airwaves, migrating from analogue broadcasting technology to digital broadcasting technology, in accordance with the International Telecommunications Union. This will see the broadcasting industry in the country having as much as 12 new television stations. Dube said they were up to the challenge and had already come up with programmes for television programming.
“I am particularly happy that the Government opened such doors to some of us. As you can see, some of us have great ideas like Unlimited Women that we failed to turn into programmes. But this recent opening of gates will definitely open a new lease of life to our creativity,” Dube said.
According to Dube, he also has plans to launch auditions for one of his programmes — a dance programme called Tshukutsha.
“I have already partnered up with some well-established organisations and institutions for my projects. The idea is to come up with programmes that people are eager to watch, as opposed to giving them what we want as producers. I have already done the part of surveying on the needs of the audience and what is left is to set the ball rolling,” said Dube. — @NcubeBhekumuzi
WASHINGTON (AP) — The Education Department's plan to provide only partial relief to some students defrauded by for-profit colleges could reduce overall payments by about 60 percent, according to a preliminary analysis obtained by The Associated Press.
The agency announced in December that it was discontinuing the Obama administration's practice of fully wiping out the loans of students deceived by the now defunct Corinthian Colleges under the so-called borrower defense rule.
The department said that some students will now be getting only partial loan forgiveness in order to make the process fair and protect taxpayers from excessive costs. The agency will look at average income for specific programs to determine if the loans should be forgiven fully or partially.
A department document drafted in the fall and viewed by the AP shows that such an approach could cut the overall amount of relief granted to students by around 60 percent. To arrive at the initial estimate, officials looked at student loans that had been forgiven in their entirety to determine the impact had partial relief been granted.
Education Department Press Secretary Liz Hill said in a statement Tuesday, "This is not an official calculation from the Department of Education. It is an impossible calculation to make at this stage in the process as we continue to adjudicate claims."
Critics said the idea of partial relief was unfair since thousands of Corinthian students had already had their loans canceled in full under Obama. The agency said in December that it had tens of thousands of claims from Corinthian students still pending.
The action comes as Education Secretary Betsy DeVos rewrites regulations governing student protections with regard to for-profit schools. Last year she froze two Obama-era rules that were meant to put additional checks on for-profits. Critics point to the Trump administration's ties with the sector and accuse the department of protecting industry interests, but DeVos says that the Obama rules were too broad and could be misused at taxpayers' expense.
Eileen Connor, a litigator at Harvard University's Project on Predatory Student Lending, which has represented hundreds of defrauded Corinthian students, criticized the projections.
"I think that is terrible, it's another example of the Department of Education picking the side of fraudulent schools and not doing right by those who have been hurt by them," said Connor. "And we have every intention of channeling the department's action in this regard."
When announcing the partial relief program, DeVos said that "no fraud is acceptable, and students deserve relief if the school they attended acted dishonestly." But she added that the process also "protects taxpayers from being forced to shoulder massive costs that may be unjustified."
KUALA LUMPUR, Malaysia (AP) — The Latest on the apparent assassination of North Korean leader Kim Jong-un's half brother in Malaysia (all times local):
5:50 p.m.
Malaysian police say they have arrested a woman in connection with the death of North Korean leader Kim Jong-un's half brother.
Wednesday's statement says the woman was arrested at Kuala Lumpur International Airport. She was carrying Vietnamese travel documents.
Kim Jong-un's half brother died Monday after suddenly falling ill at the airport. According to a Malaysian government official, Kim told medical workers before he died that he had been attacked with a chemical spray.
I walked into a dusty wooden booth known in Sierra Leone as a 'boutique' to shop for fresh clothes. The airline hadn't delivered my luggage on my flight from Germany and I had been wearing the same clothes for days.
When I left the boutique, I had a brand-new pair of Armani jeans, D&G shorts and some Lacoste shirts. The items cost me about 500,000 Leones (€50, $58). In Sierra Leone, this is a form of cheap luxury for the middle-class. But for the EU or US, it's a result of China's gross violation of intellectual property and patent laws.
Read also: Kenyans are saying 'Ni Hao' as Chinese language learning booms
China is facing hefty fines in the United States. In April, US President Donald Trump unveiled a list of over 1,000 Chinese products to be hit with 25 percent tariffs worth $50 billion. The Trump administration said this was punishment for Beijing's policy of forcing American companies to give up their intellectual property rights in order to do business with China.
China struck back with its own list targeting US exports worth the same amount. Economic experts dubbed this spat a "trade war." Whatever the outcome of this political brouhaha between the world's two largest economies, the African continent is bound to feel the effects.
Chinese contraband on African markets
In the grid of "boutiques" along the main road of Koidu, a town in eastern Sierra Leone, Chinese bootlegged 'designer' clothes are all there is for the residents of the diamond-rich region. The only other choice comes in the form of used clothes from Europe and the US - an option which many African countries are growing more critical of.
"This is original GA," the boutique trader told me as I tried on the supposed Giorgio Armani (or GA) jeans. Original indeed! Between this pair of jeans and one costing €200 in a German store, the only difference I could see were the shop's flashing blue neon lights and 50 Cents In da Club blaring out of loudspeakers in the background.
Counterfeit Chinese-made textiles in Africa have improved so much so that if there is any difference between the original and the fake, a layman's eyes such as mine can't see it.
Eric Olander, co-founder of the China Africa Project, an organization based in South Africa, thinks it is too simple to say that Chinese firms are simply taking advantage of African governments.
"Both China and each of the African countries it engages with are working to maximize their own national interests and it becomes incredibly difficult to determine what is fair," Olander told me.
The supply of cheap Chinese counterfeit items has grown so voluminous that the counterfeiters' Clavin Klein brand inadvertently became more of a household name in Sierra Leone than actual Calvin Klein products. Instead of Samsung, your phone comes from Samsong and the radios are from Sunny instead of Sony.
Many analysts believe that Beijing uses EU and US intellectual property to mass produce cheap goods and dump them onto African markets. But "Africa is not unique in that regard," argued Olander. "China does exactly the same thing in the USA, Asia, and the Middle East."
I should add here that when I refer to "China," I do not only mean the Chinese government, but also small to medium-sized private firms and multinational corporations.
Africa's 'free-for-all' intellectual property rights
So who is responsible for copyright violations in Africa?
"There are a few complicating factors" in the Sino-African relationship, according to Cobus van Staden of the South African Institute of International Affairs. Van Staden is the co-founder of the China Africa Project, along with Eric Olander.
"There are high level products and low level products all coming out of China. But the most important thing is that Africans have been very active in funneling Chinese-made products to Africa," said van Staden, who hosts a regular podcast on Africa-China relations.
A large group of Africans in China act as middlemen for legitimate as well as illegitimate African traders.
But van Staden believes Chinese authorities are starting to take the issue more seriously. "Reports in the past are about counterfeit products coming in, but I think the Chinese government has been implementing new screening procedures."
Read also:Opinion: China's Africa policy deserves applause
Unified Africa regulations against Chinese influence
From electronic gadgets to stationery, from providing cheap skilled labor to exporting natural resources, China has Africa covered.
"Interestingly, all kinds of school uniforms find their way here," said Ismail Bello, deputy secretary general of the National Union of Textile, Garment and Tailoring Workers of Nigeria. China's labor force is equipped with the know-how similar to most European nations. So arguably, it is cheaper for a primary school in Nigeria to import uniforms from China than to buy them from a local garment industry.
"The Nigerian textile and garment industry is at its lowest ebb," Bello said. "In the 1960s, 70s and 80s, this industry thrived to an extent that it exported to the West African region, occasionally to East Africa. With the liberalization of the textile market in the 1990s and the influx of Chinese textiles, the industry began to decline."
"Local producers possibly have less than 15 percent of the market shares. It has resulted in several closures and loss of jobs over the years," Bello said.
In the 1980's, Nigeria's garment industry employed about 500,000 people. Currently, only about 15,000 work in the industry, according to the union.
So what's the solution? Regulations! "I do think that having a stronger unified regulatory kind of apparatus to protect African intellectual property is really important," said van Staden.
But would China respect a unified African regulatory apparatus like the African Continental Free Trade Agreement - a proposed version of the agreement was sind in March 2018 by 44 out of 55 African Union member states. If ratified, the pact would lay down rules of trade for the entire African continent.
According to van Staden, Chinese firms might actually adhere to such rules. "Botswana and South Africa have complex regulatory framework and Chinese companies tend to work according to local laws," van Staden argued.
The relationship between the African continent and China is complex. It has its positive and negative sides.
Eric Olander explains: "I can tell you that China is the worst thing that ever happened to Africa and list all of the horrors committed over the past ten years. I would be correct in every point."
"I can also tell you that China is the best thing that has ever happened to Africa and, again, I would be correct in every point. This is not a binary relationship," Olander said.
In this Saturday, Sept. 30, 2017 photo, New Zealand's All Blacks hooker Codie Taylor, below, is tackled by Argentina's Los Pumas fly-half Juan Martin Hernandez during a rugby Championship match in Buenos Aires, Argentina. (AP Photo/Natacha Pisarenko)
MENDOZA, Argentina (AP) — Argentina was forced into a late change for its Rugby Championship closer against Australia when midfield regular Jeronimo de la Fuente failed a fitness test on Friday, a day after hurting his left leg in training.
De La Fuente, who has started in every Pumas test this year, was replaced by backup Santiago Gonzalez Iglesias, who will on Saturday make his first start in almost a year.
Three-time Rugby World Cup back Juan Martin Hernandez came into the reserves for a match in which the Pumas are out to redeem themselves.
They are at risk of failing to earn a competition point for the first time since joining the competition in 2012.
The Pumas enjoyed one win in 2014, '15 and '16, against either Australia or South Africa, but have regressed this year with five heavy losses, none of them earning even a losing bonus point for being within seven points of the victor.
The Pumas pack has imposed itself only briefly, and the scrum was ruined last week by the All Blacks. The backline hasn't sparkled or threatened. And poor discipline has hurt them, highlighted by five yellow cards and one red.
Flanker Pablo Matera insists the Pumas have the right game plan.
"We are failing to carry out the game plan," Matera says. "The system is not failing, it is us players who are failing."
He adds the team is more angry than disappointed with its results and how it is playing.
The nature of the competition means the Pumas don't have time to be frustrated, he adds, but they also don't have time to fix all of their mistakes.
They remain determined to beat Australia, as they did in the same Malvinas Argentinas Stadium in 2014.
"If we beat Australia, we can finish the championship by beating a top team," Matera says. "To beat Italy in November will not give us anything."
___
Lineups:
Argentina: Joaquin Tuculet, Matias Moroni, Matias Orlando, Santiago Gonzalez Iglesias, Emiliano Boffelli, Nicolas Sanchez, Martin Landajoi; Javier Ortega, Tomas Lezana, Pablo Matera, Matias Alemanno, Marcos Kremeri, Nahuel Tetaz Chaparro, Agustin Creevy (captain), Lucas Noguera. Reserves: Julian Montoya, Santiago Garcia Botta, Enrique Pieretto, Benjamin Macome, Leonardo Senatore, Gonzalo Bertranou, Juan Martin Hernandez, Santiago Cordero.
Australia: Israel Folau, Marika Koroibete, Tevita Kuridrani, Kurtley Beale, Reece Hodge, Bernard Foley, Will Genia, Sean McMahon, Michael Hooper (captain), Jack Dempsey, Adam Coleman, Izack Rodda, Sekope Kepu, Tatafu Polota-Nau, Scott Sio. Reserves: Stephen Moore, Tetera Faulkner, Allan Alaalatoa, Rob Simmons, Lukhan Tui, Nick Phipps, Samu Kerevi, Henry Speight.
SAN ANTONIO -- The Spurs responded to another late-game meltdown as they have all season: relying on a little 3-point shooting and a whole lot of Kawhi Leonard. They also got an assist from the officials, according to Memphis coach David Fizdale. Leonard had a postseason career-high 37 points and added 11 rebounds, and San Antonio beat the Memphis Grizzlies 96-82 on Monday night to take a 2-0 lead in their first-round series. Game 3 is Thursday night in Memphis. San Antonio led for all but 13 seconds in winning its 10th consecutive postseason game over Memphis. "This team has character, besides the talent and the desire to win," Spurs center Pau Gasol said. "We have to keep that up every single night. We responded well when they made their run, and that's the mindset we have to have every night." Leonard finished 9 for 14 from the field and was 19 for 19 on free throws. Leonard attempted more free throws than Memphis had as a team, which infuriated Fizdale. "We don't get the respect that these guys deserve because Mike Conley doesn't go crazy, he has class and he just plays the game," Fizdale said. "But I'm not going to let them treat us that way. I know (Spurs coach Gregg Popovich has) got pedigree and I'm a young rookie, but they are not going to rook us. That's unacceptable, that was unprofessional. My guys dug in that game and earned the right to be in that game, and they did not even give us a chance." Memphis closed within 75-71 early in the fourth quarter, but San Antonio responded with 3-pointers by Parker and Pau Gasol in rebuilding their double-digit lead. The Grizzlies forced seven turnovers while outscoring the Spurs 34-19 in the opening 16 minutes of the second half. Conley, Marc Gasol and Zach Randolph accounted for 21 points. Conley finished with 24 points, Randolph had 18 points and Marc Gasol added 12 points for the Grizzlies. Tony Parker added 15 points for the Spurs, who had three others score in double figures. San Antonio had a better start than in Game 1. Leonard made sure of that. Leonard opened the game by making his first three shots and four free throws as the Spurs built a 13-point lead, the same deficit they faced in the opening period Saturday. Unlike Game 1, there was no coming back from that deficit for Memphis. San Antonio had a 26-point lead in the first half on the strength of its outside shooting. The Spurs only had 12 points in the paint, but got two 3-pointers from Parker and Danny Green, in building a 26-point lead in the first half. TIP-INS Grizzlies: Memphis was 2-0 at home against San Antonio in the regular season, winning by an 11-point average. ... Vince Carter was assessed a technical foul in the first half after attempting to head-butt Kyle Anderson. Carter was upset he nearly fell on the opposite end of the court, believing Anderson had pushed him from behind. ... Randolph had his 21st double-double this season and his first of this postseason after being limited to six points and three rebounds in Game 1. Spurs: LaMarcus Aldridge has scored in double figures in each of his 12 playoff games with the Spurs. He became the fifth player since 2006 to score 1,000 points in his first 46 playoff games, joining Stephen Curry, Kevin Durant, James Harden and Russell Westbrook. ... Danny Green has 162 3-pointers in the postseason, passing Bruce Bowen (161) for second in franchise history behind Manu Ginobili's 309. ... Popovich has 160 postseason victories, which is third in league history behind Phil Jackson (229) and Pat Riley (171). PATIENTLY WAITING Memphis forward Tony Allen remains out with a right calf injury, and Fizdale is still unsure if Allen will return in the opening round. "I just take it game by game," Fizdale said. "Honestly, I don't want to get too far ahead, get too up or too down when it comes to that situation. I'm just hoping for the best." --- More AP NBA: https://apnews.com/NBAbasketball
CINCINNATI (AP) — Tyler Mahle lost his no-hit bid on Freddie Freeman's homer in the seventh, and the Cincinnati Reds blew a big late lead before Scooter Gennett connected in the 12th inning for a 9-7 victory over the Atlanta Braves on Tuesday night.
Gennett hit his second homer of the game off left-hander Max Fried (0-1) for his first career game-ending shot.
Freeman started the Braves' late seven-run surge with his homer off Mahle, only the third ball the Braves managed to get out of the infield against the rookie right-hander. Freeman connected again as Atlanta scored four times in the ninth.
Jared Hughes (1-2) escaped a two-on threat in the 10th and got the last eight outs.
Off to their worst start since the Great Depression, the 5-18 Reds rallied for their first set of back-to-back wins since last September — a span of 34 games — and got an encouraging performance from their most promising young starter.
The 23-year-old Mahle fanned a career-high 11 with a tailing fastball that caught the Braves gawking. Atlanta leads the majors in runs, but managed only two balls beyond the infield through six innings.
Freeman led off the seventh with a homer on the rookie's 90th pitch — Mahle turned his head and muttered a word in frustration as the ball left the bat. Kurt Suzuki had a two-run homer later in the inning.
Mahle drew attention on his way to the majors by throwing a no-hitter in Single-A in 2016 and a perfect game last April 22 at Double-A.
Freeman homered again in the ninth inning off Amir Garrett, starting a four-run rally. Ender Inciarte's bases-loaded, two-out single against Raisel Iglesias deflected off Gennett at second base for a 7-7 tie.
Joey Votto and Gennett hit their first homers — back-to-back solo shots in the fifth off Brandon McCarthy — as the Reds' sluggish offense showed signs of coming around.
TRAINER'S ROOM
Braves: Manager Brian Snitker plans to give RH reliever Sam Freeman a couple days off. Freeman has made a team-high 14 appearances and struggled during a 10-4 loss on Monday. "This is probably the most he's been used early in a season in his career," Snitker said. "It's a new area for him to navigate through."
Reds: C Devin Mesoraco was scratched with a stiff neck. ... 3B Eugenio Suarez began a rehab assignment with Triple-A Louisville. He has been sidelined since April 8, when he was hit by Jameson Taillon's pitch and broke his right thumb.
UP NEXT
Braves: Matt Wisler (1-0, 1.29 ERA) is 1-1 career against the Reds in two starts and two relief appearances, allowing eight runs in 15 2/3 innings.
Reds: LH Brandon Finnegan (0-2, 11.05) makes his third start. He opened the season on the DL with a strained left biceps. He's given up nine runs in 7 1/3 innings.
___
More AP baseball: https://apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball
Kentucky's criminal ban against medical marijuana was challenged Wednesday in a lawsuit touting cannabis as a viable alternative to ease addiction woes from opioid painkillers.
The plaintiffs have used medical marijuana to ease health problems, the suit said. The three plaintiffs include Dan Seum Jr., the son of a longtime Republican state senator.
Another plaintiff, Amy Stalker, was prescribed medical marijuana while living in Colorado and Washington state to help treat symptoms from irritable bowel syndrome and bipolar disorder. She has struggled to maintain her health since moving back to Kentucky to be with her ailing mother.
"She comes back to her home state and she's treated as a criminal for this same conduct," said plaintiffs' attorney Daniel Canon. "That's absurd, it's irrational and it's unconstitutional."
Stalker, meeting with reporters, said: "I just want to be able to talk to my doctors the same way I'm able to talk to doctors in other states, and have my medical needs heard."
The suit, filed in Franklin County Circuit Court in Frankfort, claims the medical marijuana ban violates state constitutional privacy protections. The government also cannot arbitrarily restrict the liberty of patients to use medicines that work, said another plaintiffs' attorney, Candace Curtis.
"Cannabis helps sick people," Curtis said. "It is safe, it is not addictive and it works."
More than half the country allows patients suffering from chronic pain and other ailments to use medical marijuana as an alternative to "often dangerous and addictive" prescription drugs, the suit said. The suit also delved into Kentucky's struggles with opioid addiction.
Kentucky had the nation's third-highest death rate from opioid overdoses in 2015, it said. Hospital admissions from opioid abuse have dropped in states allowing medicinal cannabis, it said.
"Medical cannabis keeps people off of opioids," Canon said.
Defendants are Republican Gov. Matt Bevin and Democratic Attorney General Andy Beshear. Their offices didn't offer immediate comments other than to say they would review the suit.
Medical marijuana advocates have pushed for Kentucky to lift the ban, but those bills have been rejected by state lawmakers. The General Assembly did enact a measure in 2014 allowing limited prescription of cannabidiol — which can come from marijuana plants — to treat patients.
In a radio program earlier this year, Bevin acknowledged the "value" of medical marijuana. He said any push for its legalization would have to go through the legislature, and cautioned he would have to see the details of such a plan before passing judgment.
"I am not opposed to the idea of medical marijuana," the governor said then. "If prescribed like other drugs, if administered in the same way that we would other pharmaceutical drugs, I think it would be appropriate in many respects."
Seum became addicted to narcotics after taking OxyContin for chronic back pain, the suit said. He began using medical marijuana to deal with OxyContin withdrawal and to manage pain.
"I live in pain daily," Seum, the son of state Sen. Dan Seum, told reporters. "Cannabis helps me deal with it."
Once he started using cannabis, no pain management doctors would treat him, the suit said.
"Mr. Seum is left with an impossible choice: Should he stop using cannabis and experience excruciating pain in order to explore the chance that another pain management option might be more effective?" the suit said. "Or should he continue using cannabis, preventing him from receiving medical care from Kentucky doctors for the rest of his life?"
The other plaintiff is Danny Belcher. The Bath County man and Vietnam veteran has used medical marijuana to manage symptoms from post-traumatic stress disorder and spinal problems.
Under Kentucky law, the cultivation or possession of marijuana can result in jail time. Punishments are greater when caught with more than eight ounces.
Twenty-nine states and the District of Columbia have authorized medical use of marijuana.
A THOUSAND OAKS — For months, as his head throbbed with pain and his eyes struggled with bright lights, Sam Shields worried his once-promising NFL career might be over.
In 2015, Shields was the Green Bay Packers' top cornerback, ranking among the league's best at the position. But in December of that season, his helmet slammed into the turf, and Shields blacked out. Diagnosed with a concussion, the Packers shelved him for the remainder of the season. He returned in time for the 2016 season opener, but on a routine tackle, Shields suffered yet another concussion, his fifth recorded in six seasons.
This time, he walked off the field under his own power. But the fallout, in the weeks to come, was much worse.
The headaches were excruciating. “I was going through hell,” Shields recalls.
With lingering concerns about his football future, the Packers cut him in February, shortly after the season ended.
Since, the road back has been long for the one-time Pro Bowl corner. For nearly six months, he dealt with intermittent symptoms stemming from his concussions; some days, the throbbing pain was constant. But gradually the symptoms subsided, and after mulling for a full year whether to wage a comeback, after considering the serious risks he faced in returning, Shields decided this offseason that he wanted to play football again.
“Throughout that year I was out, I doubted a lot,” Shields says. “I was in and out most of the time, feeling good, feeling bad. It took me the whole year (to decide).”
All the while, as Shields rehabbed nearby at UCLA, the Rams closely monitored his status. In Shields, they saw a cornerback with Pro Bowl potential who could be signed at a significant bargain price. In six seasons, Shields had 18 interceptions — the same total as now-departed corner Trumaine Johnson.
“We've been knocking on the door, like, ‘Hey, let us know,' ” general manager Les Snead said. “We wanted to be the first visit.”
It was the only visit Shields needed. The 31-year-old corner spent the better part of two days at the Rams' facility — most of which, Snead says, was dedicated to medical testing. Shortly after, they signed him to a one-year contract reportedly worth a bit above $1 million in 2018. That's more than $11 million less than he was set to make with the Packers in 2016, prior to his injury.
The Rams declined to make any medical staff available to discuss the specifics of how Shields was cleared. But when asked about the team's process for clearing Shields, Snead expressed no concern over his medical status and reiterated that the veteran corner would be a full participant going forward.
“It's probably not as black and white as, ‘Hey, this is a torn ACL,' ” Snead said. “It's fascinating where the science of studying the brain is at. Anytime you listen to these doctors that do that, you're like, ‘Hey, they're actually doing something real.' I'm not sure what I'm doing, but they're doing something real. The technology and advancement there gives you a pretty good idea of how to handle that situation.”
The reality, however, is that handling a player with a history of concussions is very much a case-by-case situation. Shields could be fine this season. Another head injury, however, could also leave him with long-lasting brain damage and symptoms far worse than those he suffered through last season.
In an interview with the Milwaukee Journal-Sentinel in February, Shields said another concussion would convince him to retire.
But when asked last week about the inherent risk of continuing his career, in spite of his long history of head injuries, Shields said he hasn't thought much about the risks since deciding he would return to football. His family, he said, was fully supportive of his decision.
“I feel better now,” Shields said, “so it really doesn't pass through my mind. I went through the testing and all that. I feel much better, and I'm trying to keep it that way. Hopefully it won't happen, and I can be back on that field and make some plays.”
As the Packers' top corner, he made plenty of plays in his first six seasons. Upon entering the league, Shields was known for his blazing 4.3 40-yard dash speed, and after his workout with the Rams, Snead marveled at the physical shape he was in.
For the Rams, the reward in signing Shields could be significant, given his price tag and the depth in front of him at the position. The Rams traded for former Kansas City Chiefs All-Pro cornerback Marcus Peters on Feb. 23. Then, on March 8, they traded for Aqib Talib and signed Shields. Peters and Talib are expected to become the starters at the outside corner positions.
While Shields battles for playing time in an overhauled Rams secondary, the risk in the Rams signing him to a one-year deal is minimal.
But for Shields himself, with five concussions by the age of 31, the potential risk in returning to the football field is substantial, whether he's willing to confront it or not.
Amazon's exercise in crony capitalism is back in the headlines. According to story this month in the Wall Street Journal, the company made hundreds of calls to cities rejected by the company as potential sites of the company's second headquarters to let them know why they were rejected.
While many of the cities seem to be taking Amazon's criticisms to heart and are considering overhauling how they do things accordingly, governments across the country shouldn't be so eager to please big corporations for the mere sake of pleasing big corporations and reorganizing themselves toward that end.
“They should be looking to build their own regional economies and not trying to let any large company to tell them what to do,” Richard Florida, a professor at the University of Toronto, told the WSJ.
As anyone who has watched the at times embarrassing bidding war for Amazon's HQ2 should probably know, Amazon isn't looking out for the best interests of wherever it builds its next headquarters.
It's looking out for itself.
As a private company, that's perfectly fine and perfectly reasonable. But Amazon has been masterful at manipulating cities, counties and states to offer millions, even billions worth of subsidies, from tax credits to property-tax abatements to special workarounds of onerous regulations and permitting schemes.
Related Articles Drones in; property rights and local authority out?
Make mental health care as strong as the physical
Looking for a California seal of good campaign practices
Should Trump still meet Kim Jong-un?
The big picture behind Memorial Day Naturally, even ostensibly progressive California got caught up into the frenzy, with Governor Brown offering hundreds of millions of dollars in subsidies if the company set up somewhere in the Golden State.
At the end of the day, what Amazon is after is a location governed by politicians willing to bend over backward, at taxpayers' expense, of course, for the sake of Amazon.
By the end of Amazon's protracted, nationwide hustle of cities in the name of finding the right location for HQ2, residents of whichever place ends up selected will be right to wonder if their government works for them or works for Amazon.
Such crony capitalism is a perversion of the free market and our systems of government.
Since we can all agree what in the end this is all about, cities getting calls from Amazon for explanations or pitches should do one thing and one thing only: hang up.
Customers sour on airline after video shows passenger violently ejected from flight. Stocks tumble, erasing $1 billion dollars in value.
More than a week after a passenger was ejected from a flight bound for Louisville, Kentucky, there are growing signs that the operator of the flight, United Airlines, has suffered a significant financial blow from the incident.
On April 9th, United Airlines crew members notified passengers already boarded on flight 3411 from Chicago to Louisville that four of them would have to exit the plane to make room for UA employees needed in Kentucky.
Rather than find alternative transportation for the employees for what could have been a four-hour drive to Louisville, United Airlines asked for passengers to volunteer their seats, offering a paltry $400 – later upped to $800 – in airline vouchers to compensate for the nearly 24-hour layover until the next flight to Louisville.
When no takers were found, rather than increase the offer to passengers, the flight crew instead selected four passengers to be ejected from the plane. One of those passengers, Dr. David Dao, refused the flight crews demands and was violently ejected by O'Hare Airport police.
During his removal from the plane, Dr. Dao was knocked unconscious, had his nose broken, and lost two teeth.
Videos of Dr. Dao being dragged unconscious from the plane with blood running down his face immediately went viral on the internet, sparking an angry backlash against United Airlines. After initially placing the blame for the incident on Dr. Dao, United Airlines eventually issued a partial apology for the incident.
Unfortunately for United Airlines corporate executives, however, the damage seems to have been done. Last Thursday Dr. Dao initiated a lawsuit against both United Airlines and Cook County, which operates O'Hare Airport.
The media firestorm resulting from Dr. Dao's violent ejection from the plane rattled investors, who fled United Airlines' stock – UAL – in droves.
Reports indicate United Airlines has lost between $1 to $1.3 billion dollars in value since the story broke.
While UA appears to have stabilized in trading Monday, a second and potentially far more serious long-term threat remains, with customers themselves turning away from the company's flights.
A Morning Consult poll published Monday shows that respondents who had heard of the ejection of Dr. Dao by the United Airlines staff were significantly less likely to purchased tickets for a UA flight.
The survey polled respondents, offering two possible flights from Chicago to NYC, one operated by United Airlines, the other by a leading competitor.
All other things being equal, flyers who were aware of the incident on flight 3411 overwhelmingly said they would prefer to fly on UA's competitor, American Airlines, with just 21% saying they would be willing to take a flight operated by United Airlines.
Even if the conditions of the United Airlines flight were more favorable than the American Airlines flight, a surprisingly large number of respondents said they would still refrain from flying United, with 57% saying they would fly American Airlines over United even if that entailed making an extra three-hour layover.
If the American Airlines flight had an extra layover and cost one third more, still fully 44% of respondents said they would refrain from flying United.
Prince Harry and Meghan Markle are now on their honeymoon, but exactly where remains a mystery.
Interested in Royal Family? Add Royal Family as an interest to stay up to date on the latest Royal Family news, video, and analysis from ABC News. Add Interest
Most speculation has the couple, now the Duke and Duchess of Sussex, spending private time in Africa, a place of significance for Meghan and Harry.
"It's believed they are spending some time in Africa, possibly Namibia, and potentially [taking] another trip after that as part of the honeymoon," said Roya Nikkhah, an ABC News royal contributor.
Neil Hall/Pool via EPA/Shutterstock
It was Africa where Harry, 33, whisked Meghan, 36, away just around four weeks after the couple first met on a blind date in London last July.
"I managed to persuade her to come and join me in Botswana and we camped out with each other under the stars," Harry said in his post-engagement interview with Markle last November. "She came and joined me for five days out there, which was absolutely fantastic."
He continued, "So then we were really by ourselves, which I think was crucial to me to make sure we had a chance to get to know each other."
Harry also included Botswana in Meghan's engagement ring. The main stone in Meghan's ring is sourced from Botswana, while the diamonds surrounding it are from the jewelry collection of Harry's mother, the late Princess Diana.
Harry shared last year that Botswana will always have sentimental value to him.
"I first came in 1997, straight after my mum died," he said. "My dad told my brother and me we were going to Africa to get away from it all."
Benoit Tessier/Reuters
"This is where I feel more like myself than anywhere else in the world," Harry continued. "I have this intense sense of complete relaxation and normality here."
Harry and Meghan have kept a private schedule since making their first post-wedding appearance at a Buckingham Palace garden party for Prince Charles on May 22.
Ian Vogler/Pool via Reuters
The duke and duchess were married on May 19 at St. George's Chapel in front of around 600 guests and a worldwide television audience of millions.
The couple's next public appearance is expected to be for Queen Elizabeth's official birthday celebration, Trooping the Colour, on June 9.
The day will be a milestone for Meghan: Her first appearance on the balcony of Buckingham Palace as a member of Britain's royal family.
Alexi Lubomirski/Kensington Palace via AP
Harry and Meghan's first major tour as husband and wife will be in October as part of Harry's new role as Commonwealth Youth Ambassador.
They are expected to travel to Australia, New Zealand, Fiji and Tonga.
In Australia, Meghan and Harry will visit Sydney for the 2018 Invictus Games, the Paralympic-style sporting event Harry founded for service men and women.
MADRID (AP) — Real Madrid has denied reaching an agreement to sign France forward Kylian Mbappe from Paris Saint-Germain.
The Spanish club released a statement Wednesday calling reports of an agreement between Madrid and PSG "completely false."
Madrid says it "has not made any offer to PSG or the player and condemns the spreading of this type of information that has not been proven by the parties concerned."
The denial comes two days after Madrid dismissed a report that it had offered to buy Neymar from PSG for a world record transfer of 310 million euros ($360 million).
It said the report by Spanish public broadcaster TVE was "absolutely untrue."
PSG is under pressure from UEFA to raise cash from selling players. The French club needs to comply with "Financial Fair Play" rules which monitor overspending on transfers and wages.
PSG spent a record 222 million euros ($260 million) last year to buy Neymar from Barcelona.
UEFA warned the French champions three weeks ago they will "remain under close scrutiny" when they submit accounts for the financial year, which ended last Saturday.
Real Madrid star Cristiano Ronaldo hinted after the Champions League final that he may leave the Spanish club. He has not talked about his club future since joining Portugal for the World Cup.
___
More AP Spanish soccer coverage: https://apnews.com/tag/LaLiga
Iranian state TV is reporting the country's coast guard has detained 21 fishermen and their three boats from neighboring Arab nations for straying into its territorial waters and fishing rare species.
The Monday report said the traditional boats, known as dhows, had entered Iranian waters near the country's Kish Island in the Persian Gulf. It said the fishermen were handed over to the courts, adding that they had fished rare species of sharks and fish in Iranian waters.
In recent months, Iran has detained 12 dhows in its waters over similar charges.
A worker carries a box with ballots during preparations for the second round of an election for Jakarta's governor in Jakarta, Indonesia April 15, 2017 in this photo taken by Antara Foto. Antara Foto/Reno Esnir/via REUTERS
By Tom Allard and Gayatri Suroyo
JAKARTA (Reuters) - Jakarta voters head to the polls on Wednesday to elect a governor for Indonesia's teeming capital after a campaign that incited political and religious tensions in the world's most-populous Muslim country.
Surveys have shown the race tightening to a statistical dead heat, with incumbent Governor Basuki Tjahaja Purnama, an ethnic Chinese Christian, closing in on rival Anies Baswedan, a former education minister.
Purnama is standing trial on blasphemy charges stemming from the divisive campaign that also featured mass rallies led by Islamist hardliners and alleged plots to overthrow President Joko Widodo, who is popularly known as Jokowi.
The Jakarta election is viewed as a larger choice ahead of a 2019 presidential poll between the secular policies Indonesia has practiced since its post-World War Two independence and a hardline political Islam that has strengthened in recent years.
"This is a test case for Indonesian pluralism, if it can withstand the pressure of the religious groups, the populists," said Wimar Witoelar, a political analyst and an adviser to former Indonesian president Abdurrahman Wahid.
"Indonesia is at a crossroads, and I mean Indonesia, not just Jakarta."
A survey conducted April 12-14 by polling firm Indikator showed Anies with 48.2 percent support versus 47.4 percent for Purnama, with 4.4 percent undecided.
WORRIES ABOUT BACKLASH
The business community is worried about a possible violent backlash from the losing side in the election, which could affect the investment climate and endanger Widodo's fit-and-start economic reforms.
Southeast Asia's biggest economy grew 5.2 percent in 2016 and the government expects a repeat of that this year. Indonesian stocks are up 12.6 percent on the year, making the Jakarta market one of Asia's best performers.
Kartika Wirjoatmodjo, chief executive officer of the country's largest state bank, Bank Mandiri, said in an interview that whoever won "we (should) make sure it doesn't affect any of the long-term policies, especially on the openness and ... ease of doing business and attracting investment."
Purnama, who replaced Widodo in 2014 as Jakarta governor after serving as his deputy, saw his popularity soar as he tackled decrepit infrastructure, chronic flooding and endemic corruption in the traffic-clogged city of over 10 million.
His support plunged after an edited video circulated last September suggesting Purnama had mocked a verse in the Koran used by his opponents to argue Muslims should not vote for a person holding different religious beliefs.
Amid two rallies last year that drew hundreds of thousands of protesters, Purnama was charged with blasphemy, forcing him to make regular appearances in court during the campaign.
The hardline Islamists behind the rallies - led by the Islamic Defenders Front (FPI), a group known for attacks on religious minorities and extorting money from nightclubs - were cultivated by Purnama's rivals. Baswedan was accused of betraying his moderate Islamic roots when he met and sang with FPI leader Habib Rizieq, who was twice imprisoned for inciting violence in 2003 and 2008.
Purnama recovered to win the first round on Feb. 15 with 43 percent of the vote, compared to 40 percent for Baswedan and 17 percent for Agus Yudhoyono, son of former president Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono, who drew support from conservative Muslims.
CHINESE PLOTS
The FPI was among groups circulating hoax news stories on social media during the campaign of a pending invasion of Chinese workers and Chinese plots to decimate Indonesia's crops with contaminated chili
The FPI has vowed to stage further protests and a "revolution" if Purnama wins, according to flyers circulated by the group.
A senior government official said a victory for Purnama could reignite religious tensions and China-baiting at a time when the government is chasing Chinese investment for much-needed infrastructure.
"I worry that if a sizeable portion of the electorate feels cheated there could be a very serious backlash," said the official, who asked for anonymity to speak freely about the political climate in Indonesia.
However, political analyst Tobias Basuki also saw risks for the national government and its reform agenda if Baswedan won, given plans by his political patron Prabowo Subianto to challenge Widodo in the 2019 presidential poll.
Baswedan was Widodo's campaign manager in the 2014 presidential election, when he beat Subianto. But Widodo sacked him as education minister last year.
"Anies and Prabowo controlling Jakarta would impede Jokowi every step of the way," Basuki said.
(Additional reporting by Eveline Danubrata and John Chalmers; Editing by Bill Tarrant)
BEIJING (AP) — Some say China's most prominent journalist is finished.
Far from it, says Hu Shuli, founder of the financial magazine Caixin.
Hu listened one recent afternoon to the theories floating in China's chattering class about why she was handing over the editorial reins at Caixin, the only newsroom known for hard-hitting, investigative reporting in China — and dismissed them.
"Laughable rumors," Hu snapped. "I'm not stepping back or stepping down. You could say I'm stepping up."
In a rare interview with the Associated Press, Hu spoke bullishly about transitioning this month into a publisher role at the newsmagazine she co-founded in 2009, and about the prospects of the "Me Too" movement in China. She spoke more guardedly about censorship and declared Caixin as free as ever to conduct its signature muckraking reporting. China watchers say the space for independent journalism in the country, already one of the world's most censored news environments, is fast vanishing under President Xi Jinping.
"We always think there are stories to do and we don't think, 'maybe this environment should be better,'" said Hu. "We've always felt we could do anything we wanted. It was just based on what our priorities are."
Hu said she was handing the operation over to her long-time deputy Wang Shuo because of her age — she turns 65 this year. She will occasionally conduct major interviews and remain involved in major editorial decisions as an adviser to Wang, who she hired as a 25-year-old two decades ago.
Known for her political savvy, for 30 years Hu has published scoops that uncovered corporate malfeasance and government corruption without repercussions while other journalists fell afoul of authorities and landed in jail. Her publication blew open the government cover-up of the SARS epidemic in 2003 and has questioned countless deals among powerful companies, including state-backed enterprises.
Caixin's reshuffle comes shortly after Wang Qishan, an official widely seen as Hu's longtime ally, stepped down from the Communist Party's top leadership body, said Willy Lam, a political analyst at the Chinese University in Hong Kong.
"Ms. Hu is famous for being supercharged, full of energy," Lam said. "It's difficult to believe she's stepping aside because of age. It has to do with politics."
Hu declined to discuss her relationship with Wang and denied that political factors were behind her move. In any case, Wang appears to retain significant influence: he joined a parliamentary delegation this week amid speculation that Xi might soon name him vice president.
Still, at a time when Xi demands strict ideological discipline across Chinese society, particularly in sensitive industries like media, it remains to be seen if Caixin can continue to push the envelope. A liberal historical journal, Yanhuang Chunqiu, has been shuttered and influential online commentators silenced. Caixin made international headlines in 2016 when it published an interview with a Shanghai professor who criticized China's tightening censorship, and, when censors moved to block the interview, Caixin disclosed the takedown order in an unusual show of defiance.
Pressed nearly two years later, Hu shook her head, saying she doesn't remember the incident.
Even though she has not directed coverage recently, Hu said she is proud of her staff's reporting on sexual harassment and the #MeToo movement in China. Discussion of the subject has sometimes been censored on Chinese social media or branded as a destabilizing foreign movement. But the story has gained some domestic traction, including reports by state-run outlets like the official Xinhua news agency, which Hu praised.
"China also has this kind of problem ... China had the 'women hold up half the sky' revolutionary slogan — but the actual situation, the actual status of women — I think is a very profound issue," said Hu, adding that she wanted to do more to promote #MeToo.
Hu said most of her energy will be focused on developing Caixin's business model.
In October the company became the first Chinese news company to erect a paywall, a decision Hu made based on the success of leading western newspapers. She declined to discuss subscription or revenue numbers, but acknowledged that online revenues are not yet considered "substantial."
Wei Wuhui, a lecturer of new media at Shanghai Jiaotong University who was asked by Hu to consult on Caixin's paywall model last year, said the increasingly restrictive political atmosphere will affect Caixin. Apart from direct censorship, it will be hurt by the scarcity of young people willing to pursue journalism.
"Even students studying journalism don't want to do journalism now," Wei said. "In a few years, the market for investigative journalism may not exist at all."
Never mind the naysayers, said Hu.
Caixin has more fertile (and safe) areas than ever to investigate in China, she said.
Wang ticked off financial crimes and environmental protection as beats where he plans to beef up staffing.
A month after she officially relinquished the editor position, Hu still sat in her same corner office, her books and pictures untouched. Wang still works on a long narrow table with other editors in Caixin's main newsroom of 400 people.
Her advice for Wang was that "the opportunity is his to take now," she said, adding: "And I'm still here."
You ask... We answer.
Q: I remember some of the telephone exchange names from years ago: “Howard” in Niagara-on-the-Lake, “Webster” and “Mutual” in St. Catharines. Now that I live in Welland, I wonder what the names were here.
A: The Niagara region had several telephone exchange names in use back in the 1940s and 1950s.
Search Engine turned to St. Catharines historian Brian Narhi for an explanation of the system and the local names.
Narhi wrote that a telephone exchange is a phone system located at a central service office responsible for serving a small geographic area. It provided the switching or interconnection of two or more individual subscriber lines for calls made between them — instead of requiring direct lines between subscriber stations.
“This made it possible for subscribers to call each other at homes, businesses or public spaces,” he wrote. “These made telephony an available and comfortable communication tool for everyday use.”
Narhi said each central office served a maximum of 10,000 subscriber lines based upon the last four digits of the telephone number. If an area had more than 10,000 subscribers, it would be served by more central offices.
The central offices were identified by unique names that distinguished them from each other. The first letters of the office names were used as the leading components of the telephone numbers in their areas. The letters were mapped to digits which were visible on the dial and later on touch-tone phones.
In the 1940s, Narhi said Bell developed a North American numbering plan which had a system of 86 area codes. Canadian telephone numbers originally consisted of two letters and four numbers, but during the 1940s that changed to two letters and five numbers. The system was standard in the 1950s.
When a caller lifted the telephone receiver, an operator would ask “Number please?”
Of course, some letters sound like others and that could cause some confusion.
In 1955, AT&T came up with a list of recommended exchange names that were the result of studies to minimize misunderstandings when people spoke them.
The names were supposed to be easily identified when pronounced.
In Welland, for instance, the exchange name was REgent. The RE corresponded with 73 on the telephone. The “gent” part made it easy for the operator to understand what was being said.
Other exchange names in the region, which Narhi found in a 1958 Bell telephone book, were LOgan for Beamsville and Vineland; COlfax and ELgin for Stamford and Niagara Falls; HOward for Niagara-on-the-Lake; TEmple for Port Colborne; DUdley for Port Robinson and TWining for Ridgeville.
CAnal, MUtual and WEbster were used for parts of St. Catharines, Merritton, Thorold and Port Dalhousie and WEbster was used for Grantham and Port Weller. MUtual was also used in Louth.
As more and more people adopted the telephone system, Bell decided to get rid of letter and implement all-number calling. It was phased in starting in 1958, starting in the Niagara area, and was adopted in most areas by the mid-1960s.
- - - -
Fact Finder!
The first Bell telephone subscriber in St. Catharines was Charles E. Stuart, a coal and wood merchant, who rented two phones in February 1879. According to local historian Brian Narhi, phones were connected between his home on Queen Street and his business on St. Paul Street. A few years later in 1882, work began on the first local central telephone exchange office in the city. In 1885, there were 114 telephones in the city — by the end of the Second World War there were 8,650.
- - - - -
Send your queries to Karena Walter by email at kwalter@postmedia.com
Follow @karena_standard
or through Facebook at www.facebook.com/karenawalter
LONDON (AP) — Prince William has brought Lady Gaga on board with in his efforts to persuade people to be more open about their mental health and crush the stigma associated with the issue.
The heir to the throne released a video on Tuesday in which he speaks with the pop superstar in a FaceTime call from his home in London to her home in Los Angeles.
William says it is “time that everyone speaks up and really feels very normal about mental health. It's the same as physical health.”
Lady Gaga says that talking more openly about mental health would allow people to feel like “we are not hiding anymore.”
William, his wife the Duchess of Cambridge and his brother Prince Harry have made mental health a focus of their charitable work.
Many small business owners are open to hiring or want to recruit employees who have disabilities.
Sometimes it's because they want to expand the opportunities for people who have talent and skills but can't find jobs.
The unemployment rate for people with disabilities who want to be hired is 8 percent, more than twice the national average.
Miles Thornback got hired three years ago at the RE/MAX Prestige real estate agency in Costa Mesa, California. The owners heard that Thornback, who has cerebral palsy, had spent six years applying for jobs at hundreds of companies and finding nothing but negative mindsets.
Business owners do need to make reasonable accommodations if employees need help balancing their work and their personal or medical needs.
（台灣英文新聞/ 李昱德 綜合外電報導）過完了世界emoji日(17日)，今天世界又迎來了一個重要的日子—「世界曼德拉日」，這位南非著名的反種族隔離鬥士以他的努力，獲得了全世界的敬重，世界於是將他的生日定為節日，以紀念他對人權的貢獻。
在世期間，曼德拉積極推動多元民族共存，並領導南非終結種族隔離制度，甚至以此獲得諾貝爾和平獎，生前95年間，他啟發了無數後人，《台灣英文新聞》收錄幾句曼德拉的名言，以紀念這個重要的日子。
1.一些人因困難而退卻，另一些則因此成就自我，世間沒有任何斧頭銳利到足以斬斷毅力堅定者的靈魂，因為這些人抱持著堅定的信念，相信自己只要撐到最後就會讓努力開花結果。
("Difficulties break some men but make others. No axe is sharp enough to cut the soul of a sinner who keeps on trying, one armed with the hope that he will rise even in the end.”)
2.事情在完成前，總是看起來困難重重而遙不可及。
( "It always seems impossible until it's done.”)
3.如果我可以回到過去，我還是會做一樣的事情，對於任何認為自己是人者，應該都是如此。
("If I had my time over I would do the same again. So would any man who dares call himself a man.”)
4.我喜歡能獨立思考的朋友，因為他們能夠讓你從不同的角度看待問題。
("I like friends who have independent minds because they tend to make you see problems from all angles.”)
5.真正的領導人，應該隨時準備好替人民的自由犧牲一切。
("Real leaders must be ready to sacrifice all for the freedom of their people.”)
6.對社會上其他人的生命付出基本的關心，可以讓我們朝夢想中的世界持續前進。
(“A fundamental concern for others in our individual and community lives would go a long way in making the world the better place we so passionately dreamt of.”)
7.只要全心投入一件事並保持熱忱，任何人都可以突破困境而成功。
("Everyone can rise above their circumstances and achieve success if they are dedicated to and passionate about what they do.”)
8.教育是用以改變世界最有力的武器。
("Education is the most powerful weapon which you can use to change the world.”)
9.我認為勇氣並不是因為無所畏懼，而是因為克服了恐懼。一個真正的勇者不是因為無法感到害怕的情緒，而是因為走出了這樣的情感，才能成為勇者。
("I learned that courage was not the absence of fear, but the triumph over it. The brave man is not he who does not feel afraid, but he who conquers that fear.”)
10.自由並不是單純的鋸開鎖鏈，而是過著尊重並試圖改善他人自由的生活。
("For to be free is not merely to cast off one's chains, but to live in a way that respects and enhances the freedom of others.”)
11.怨恨的情緒，就像是邊喝毒藥邊希望敵人因此倒下。
("Resentment is like drinking poison and then hoping it will kill your enemies.”)
12.從背後領導他人，並讓他們相信他們才是在前方打拼的先驅。
(“Lead from the back — and let others believe they are in front.”)
13.不要用我的成功論斷我，而是審視我無論跌倒多少次都會爬起來的過程。
( "Do not judge me by my successes, judge me by how many times I fell down and got back up again.”)
14.我極度痛恨種族主義和所有其表徵，為此，我前半身都為了打倒這個在奮鬥，現在也還在努力中，在我人生剩下的日子，我也將繼續與之對抗。
("I hate race discrimination most intensely and in all its manifestations. I have fought it all during my life; I fight it now, and will do so until the end of my days.”)
15.強健的心靈和頭腦總是最令人畏懼的組合。
("A good head and a good heart are always a formidable combination.”)
Orcas showed up in Newport Beach Oct. 6, 2017, a rare sighting of two pods not seen in the area often. One pod, the CA216, hasn't been seen off OC since 2013. (Photo courtesy of Mark Girardeau/Newport Coastal Adventure)
Orcas were spotted off Newport Beach on Oct. 6, 2017, a rare sighting. (Photo courtesy of Frank Brennan/Dana Wharf Whale Watching)
Orcas showed up in Newport Beach Oct. 6, 2017, a rare sighting of two pods not seen in the area often. One pod, the CA216, hasn't been seen off OC since 2013. (Photo courtesy of Mark Girardeau/Newport Coastal Adventure)
Orcas were spotted off Newport Beach on Oct. 6, 2017, a rare sighting. (Photo courtesy of Frank Brennan/Dana Wharf Whale Watching)
Orcas showed up in Newport Beach Oct. 6, 2017, a rare sighting of two pods not seen in the area often. One pod, the CA216, hasn't been seen off OC since 2013. (Photo courtesy of Mark Girardeau/Newport Coastal Adventure)
Orcas showed up in Newport Beach Oct. 6, 2017, a rare sighting of two pods not seen in the area often. One pod, the CA216, hasn't been seen off OC since 2013. (Photo: Mark Girardeau/Newport Coastal Adventure)
Orcas showed up in Newport Beach Oct. 6, 2017, a rare sighting of two pods not seen in the area often. One pod, the CA216, hasn't been seen off OC since 2013. (Photo: Mark Girardeau/Newport Coastal Adventure) .
Orcas showed up in Newport Beach Oct. 6, 2017, a rare sighting of two pods not seen in the area often. One pod, the CA216, hasn't been seen off OC since 2013. (Photo courtesy of Mark Girardeau/Newport Coastal Adventure)
Orcas were spotted off Newport Beach on Oct. 6, 2017, a rare sighting. (Photo courtesy of Frank Brennan/Dana Wharf Whale Watching)
Orcas were spotted off Newport Beach on Oct. 6, 2017, a rare sighting. (Photo courtesy of Frank Brennan/Dana Wharf Whale Watching)
Orcas showed up in Newport Beach Oct. 6, 2017, a rare sighting of two pods not seen in the area often. One pod, the CA216, hasnÕt been seen off OC since 2013. (Photo courtesy of Matt Larmand Photography)
Orcas showed up in Newport Beach Oct. 6, 2017, a rare sighting of two pods not seen in the area often. One pod, the CA216, hasn't been seen off OC since 2013. (Photo courtesy of Dana Wharf Whale Watching)
Orcas showed up in Newport Beach Oct. 6, 2017, a rare sighting of two pods not seen in the area often. One pod, the CA216, hasnÕt been seen off OC since 2013. (Photo courtesy of Matt Larmand Photography)
Orcas showed up in Newport Beach Oct. 6, 2017, a rare sighting of two pods not seen in the area often. One pod, the CA216, hasnÕt been seen off OC since 2013. (Photo courtesy of Matt Larmand Photography)
Orcas showed up in Newport Beach Oct. 6, 2017, a rare sighting of two pods not seen in the area often. One pod, the CA216, hasnÕt been seen off OC since 2013. (Photo courtesy of Matt Larmand Photography)
Orcas showed up in Newport Beach Oct. 6, 2017, a rare sighting of two pods not seen in the area often. One pod, the CA216, hasnÕt been seen off OC since 2013. (Photo courtesy of Matt Larmand Photography)
Orcas showed up in Newport Beach Oct. 6, 2017, a rare sighting of two pods not seen in the area often. One pod, the CA216, hasn't been seen off OC since 2013. (Photo courtesy of Mark Girardeau/Newport Coastal Adventure)
Cheers, screams and laughter of delight filled the salty air.
Every time a massive dorsal fin breached the glistening ocean, “ooohhhs” and “ahhhhs” shot from the lips of gleeful passengers aboard a Dana Wharf Whale Watching charter who were scanning carefully as the pods of orcas swam in sync, leading the parade of boats following.
Two pods of killer whales — about 10 in total — made a rare showing off the Orange County coastline on Friday, Oct. 6, a treat for marine mammal enthusiasts who either jumped at the chance to see the orcas up close, or just happened to be on a whale watching boat on this particular sunny afternoon.
The buzz about the CA51 and CA216 pods started earlier this week when the orcas were spotted Tuesday by Oceanside Whale Watching and then Thursday by San Diego Whale Watching, the furthest south they have ever been documented, according to Alisa Schulman-Janiger, a whale researcher with the California Killer Whale Project.
So whale watching charters in Orange County were on the lookout for the pods. They were first spotted locally Friday morning by captain Alex Shaw from Newport Coastal Adventure who was near the shore in Aliso Beach in south Laguna.
By Friday afternoon, several whale watching boats were hanging near the orcas as they headed north in Newport Beach, one charter boat rushing down the coast from Long Beach and others making an hour-long jaunt from Dana Point, trying to get close to the creatures.
Frank Brennan has been a boat captain with Dana Wharf Whale Watching since 1996, and even though he wasn't scheduled to work, he couldn't help but jump on the boat for a chance to snap images of the whales.
“In 20 years, I've only seen them about six times,” he said, noting he hasn't seen any killer whales in local waters in about a year.
These particular orcas are seen even less frequently, with the CA51s known mostly for hanging around Monterey. The last time they were spotted here was January 2015. And it's been even longer for the CA216 pod, which was last seen in the area in 2013 off Dana Point, according to Schulman-Janiger,
What makes orcas so alluring: No one knows when they are going to show up. And when they do, they split quickly.
“It's the luck-of-the-draw kind of thing, you need to be here,” Brennan said. “You never know when you're going to see them.”
Emily Bloof, of Mission Viejo, had heard they were in San Diego a few days ago, and while sitting in a Starbucks after dropping off her kids at school Friday, saw a post that Dana Wharf Whale Watching had seen them on their 10 a.m. charter.
“I got right on it and got a trip.” she said.
When the boat approached the pod of orcas, while the crowd screamed and cheered, Bloof simply put her hand over her mouth in awe.
She had seen orcas in Alaska during an eight-hour trip, but they weren't nearly as playful as the ones off Orange County, which were popping up near boats, surprising passengers, and swimming under vessels.
And the experience even surpassed the time the self-described “whale geek” went on an eight-hour catamaran trip to Catalina, when the group spotted 60 to 80 gray whales.
“This was better than that,” she said. “It is so unusual to see orcas here.”
A group aboard a Newport Coastal Adventure boat was startled as an orca suddenly appeared next to their small inflatable boat, prompting laughter from passengers on a nearby boat.
One orca, identified as “Bumper,” rode the Dana Wharf boat wake earlier Friday morning. Capistrano Beach resident Matt Larmand, who put off work to jump on the boat when he heard of the orcas in town, called it a “once in a lifetime” experience.
“It was unbelievable. This is as close as you're ever going to get,” he said.
The trip aboard Dana Wharf was the perfect way for Emily Branum to end her Orange County vacation before heading home to Missouri.
“I didn't expect to see anything like that — my mind was blown. It was amazing,” she said. “We were just so happy, it was beautiful. I wanted to cry.”
Schulman-Janiger said she got to see the two pods near the rigs off Huntington Beach, meaning they traveled from near Mexico waters up to northern Orange County in about 25 hours.
She was with them for about 15 minutes before two people on personal water crafts approached them closely, trying to get selfies with the orcas.
“You need to give them space,” she told them, but her pleas went unanswered and the pod went into the dark ocean water.
“We looked for an hour,” she said. “The whales disappeared.”
Even though Teresa Giudice is separated physically from her husband, Joe, as he serves out a 41-month prison sentence, the reality star insists she has remained faithful.
Despite recent reports claiming the Real Housewives of New Jersey has stepped out on Joe as he serves time for bankruptcy fraud at the Federal Correctional Institution in Fort Dix, New Jersey, Teresa's lawyer James J. Leonard tells PEOPLE that speculation about any estrangement or infidelity between the spouses, both 45, is “the embodiment of fake news.”
Leonard says “manufactured” stories about the parents of four “all sizzle and no steak. Sadly, Teresa is used to this. She and her family have been a target of these types of attacks for years.”
A source close to the show also tells PEOPLE “There's no truth in [any suggestion of] an affair.”
Leonard adds that the couple “speak every day” and that “Teresa saw Joe two weeks ago and will be seeing him this weekend for Father's Day. “
The Giudices were both convicted of bankruptcy fraud in October 2014 and allowed to serve time separately. Joe's prison stint came just months after Teresa was released on Dec. 23, 2015 after a nearly 11-month sentence.
In October of last year, rumors of Joe's infidelity continued to spread on an episode of RHONJ when boutique owner Kim D. resurfaced the allegations — suggesting Joe had been unfaithful to Teresa during her 11-month prison stay with a mysterious “blonde” and a number of “brunettes.”
But speaking exclusively with PEOPLE in February 2016, both Teresa and Joe denied the allegations, and the RHONJ star vowed that her husband had an implicit trust that when he went to prison, she would be faithful to him.
“I have single friends so if I'm going to be out and if there's people around us and if there are men around us, I'm not going to be like, ‘Oh my God, stay away from us, I'm afraid somebody is going to take a picture of us.' I'm just going to live my life,” Teresa said at the time. “Joe trusts me, he knows I'm faithful, I know he's faithful and that's all that matters.”
“We've been married 16 years. Listen, we're both devoted to each other, and I don't have a collar around his neck,” she added. “If we didn't want to be around each other we would both go our separate ways.”
Teresa has been married to Joe since 1999 and shares daughters Gia, 16, Gabriella, 12, Milania, 11, and Audriana, 7, with the businessman.
In the time since the couple was sentenced to each serving time in prison, they both have functioned as single parents while caring for their girls.
This past September, Teresa told PEOPLE that while it's emotionally difficult to be apart from Joe — who is not a citizen of the United States and could be sent back to his native Italy at the end of his prison sentence — her children are managing to carry on.
“They're doing good,” she said of her daughters. “I'm sure it wasn't easy, but a little easier because they went through it with me so they know what to expect. But they miss him tremendously, they always say we miss dad. They miss him. You can feel his absence, our family's definitely incomplete without him.”
“What keeps me busy is my girls. I swear, that's what makes the days go by. If I didn't have them, I'd probably go crazy,” she admitted. “Then I would really think about him 24/7 and it wouldn't be easy. That's what he said, too: ‘That's what got me through the day was the girls. They kept me busy.' And that's how I am, I'm going through the motions of each day. I just can't wait for each day to pass by for him to come home.”
The Real Housewives of New Jersey returns to Bravo this summer, and Teresa's second memoir, Standing Strong, will be available this summer.
Getty Image
The Oklahoma City Thunder have been (very) busy since July 1. First, the club pulled off something approaching a miracle in convincing Paul George to eschew other options in favor of a long-term deal to stay in Oklahoma City. From there, the Thunder also invested in Jerami Grant (on a large, multi-year salary), Nerlens Noel (on a bargain deal), and Raymond Felton to build out a roster that is certainly more interesting than it was at the end of the 2017-2018 season.
However, most of the deep-dive NBA talk surrounding the Thunder right now revolves around the financial implications involved in all of their maneuvers. In short, Oklahoma City's current roster would provide its ownership group with the largest luxury tax bill in the history of the NBA.
Oklahoma City crosses an historic threshold as the first $300M team in salary and projected luxury tax with the Raymond Felton signing. The Thunder now have a tax bill of $150M. — Bobby Marks (@BobbyMarks42) July 4, 2018
Without plunging too deep into the specifics, the Thunder would be a “repeater tax” team next season, resulting in more punitive dollar-for-dollar penalties for each level it spends above the luxury tax. Given the massive deals for Russell Westbrook and Steven Adams (in addition to George), there is almost no scenario in which Oklahoma City could avoid the tax altogether and, at the moment, the contracts for Grant, Andre Roberson, Carmelo Anthony, and others push things into a stratosphere never before seen.
Floyd Mayweather said in an Instagram post on Tuesday that he's made no deal to fight UFC star Conor McGregor, or any other fighter, reiterating that he is happily retired.
The post came shortly after UFC President Dana White texted ESPN's Brett Okamoto: "No deal is even close to being done."?
Earlier Tuesday, ESPN's Stephen A. Smith said he'd spoken with Mayweather on Saturday while both were attending the Warriors- Thunder game in Oklahoma City. Smith said Mayweather told him that "we're getting very, very close" to the superfight.
Sources confirmed to Okamoto that McGregor had arrived in Las Vegas on Monday evening. Mayweather lives and trains in Las Vegas.
Prior to Mayweather's post on Tuesday,?Nevada State Athletic Commission chairman Anthony Marnell had confirmed to ESPN that the commission had been made aware of active negotiations between the two camps, but said the fight still faces several challenges.
It's unclear if those negotiations have ended in light of Mayweather's post.
"There is a lot of real stuff going on," Marnell said. "It still seems like a long shot, but when there is a lot of money involved, people tend to figure it out. There are a lot of cooks in the kitchen, but I'm not sure if we're going to eat.
"The Nevada Athletic Commission, in my experience, has always been well-briefed by all parties on an event or potential event that may take place in Las Vegas. We are aware of conversations and information that has been disclosed and not disclosed in the media. Whether these conversations will get to a point that a fight happens, I can't tell you."
The two sides have gone back and forth in the headlines for nearly a year, regarding a potential fight.
McGregor, 28, is the UFC's lightweight champion and remains under contract. Marnell mentioned that as a wrinkle in any boxing match McGregor wishes to pursue, saying, "people are under certain contractual obligations that need to get figured out."
McGregor successfully applied for a boxing license in California in December. He has never boxed professionally. Mayweather, 39, is regarded as one of the best boxers of his era.
Last month, White publicly offered McGregor and Mayweather $25 million each for the potential boxing match. When told of White's offer by TMZ, Mayweather said, "He's a f---ing comedian!"
McGregor has demanded $100 million for the fight and said he'd be willing to do it with or without the UFC's involvement. White has promised that won't go well for the star fighter.
"It is what it is now," White told ESPN last week. "He came out and said, 'I can do this without them.' I guarantee you, he can't do it without us. What I then said was, 'I've always been respectful of Conor, the things he wants to do and everything else. If he wants to go down that road it will be an epic fall.' Everybody knows exactly what that means."
According to Marnell, as expected, the distribution of money from this potential megafight might be the biggest hurdle of all.
"I'm confirming that real people are having real discussions," Marnell said. "I'm also telling you my opinion as the Nevada Athletic Commission chairman that a lot of things need to get done in order to see something like this come together because there are so many parties that want to get their hands on the pot.
"Maybe it will get figured out, but it's going to be hard when everyone is declaring they want $100 million. That's not what I said -- that's what they've said. That's their quotes, not mine. If everyone wants $100 million, that's a lot of $100 millions to go around."
The North Central Texas Academy tennis team traveled to Waco last week for the Texas Association of Parochial and Private Schools 1A state tournament and advanced deep into the competition.
Milica Pejovic finished second in the girls singles matches. The junior, who hails from Serbia, faced the No. 32 ranked player in the state of Texas in the finals match.
Abbey Kacal and Kansas Simons made it to semifinals of the girls doubles competition. Kacal and Simons finished with a bronze medal in third place.
This year's Scripps National Spelling Bee drew the largest number of competitors in its history, 516. But the field is far smaller, as only 41 spellers advance to the finals Thursday.
The finalists were announced Wednesday after two days of onstage spelling during which nearly 200 spellers were eliminated for getting words wrong. Scores on a written spelling and vocabulary test determined who advanced to the finals.
“There were no perfect scores on the test,” spelling bee Executive Director Paige Kimble says, “We thought it was an easy test. We were wrong.”
“They made it hard on purpose” said Jacob Williamson, a former competitor who is coaching five spellers this year.
But that didn't seem to shake the confidence of those who have traversed the road before.
“It was fine, actually. I didn't expect it to be fine,” said Erin Howard, 13, of Huntsville, Alabama. “I think at worst I missed five.”
According to Scripps, 113 of the spellers this year had previous national finals experience and 45 have relatives who are former competitors, including Atman Balakrishnan, from Chicago, whose father Balu Natrajan was the winner in 1985, and the first Indian-American to take the title.
The top scorers this year are Shruthika Padhy, Aisha Randhawa and Karthik Nemmani.
Shruthika came into the bee as one of the favorites, having finished in seventh place last year.
The past 13 champions and 18 of the last 22 have been Indian-American. [Read More]
—–
Source: VOA News: United States
President Trump is trying to put more muscle into his campaign slogan of "Buy American and Hire American" and is preparing to sign an executive order Tuesday aimed at strengthening existing government policies to support domestic products and workers.
Trump is expected to sign the order during a visit to the Snap-on tool company in Kenosha, Wis.
"The capability of the American middle class to make things and keep them running has been at the base of our nation's strength since its founding," Snap-on CEO Nicholas T. Pinchuk said in a statement. "We believe the President's visit emphasizes the need to nurture such manufacturing strength."
The "Buy American" portion of the executive order calls for stricter enforcement of laws requiring the federal government to buy American-made products when possible. Administration officials complain that those laws have been watered down over the years and often are sidestepped with government waivers.
"Buy American" provisions also may run afoul of free trade agreements, though the White House wants to conduct a full review before seeking adjustments to those trade agreements.
The "Hire American" part of the order aims to crack down on what the administration calls "abuses" of government guest-worker programs. The biggest target is the H-1B visa program, which is designed to help technology firms fill jobs requiring special skills but which critics say often is used to replace American workers with lower-paid foreign competitors.
"The H-1B visa program is commonly discussed as being for when employers have a labor shortage," said Daniel Costa, director of immigration law and policy research at the Economic Policy Institute. "The reality of it is that employers are not required to recruit and try to hire U.S. workers before they hire an H-1B worker."
The government issues 85,000 H-1B visas annually. In recent years, many of those visas have been snapped up by outsourcing firms that offer low-cost IT support to American corporations.
"A very big share of the visas are actually going to IT outsourcing companies," Costa said. "We do know that many of the companies that have this business model are the ones that are paying the lowest wages to H-1Bs."
The executive order calls on the departments of Commerce, Labor, Homeland Security and State to more strictly police the visa program. It also proposes changes, such as awarding H-1B visas to guest workers with the best skills and highest potential wages, rather than through a random lottery as is done now.
"The latest data that I've seen showed that 80 percent of the H-1Bs who were coming in came in below the local average wage," Costa said.
Some of the changes the White House wants would require cooperation from lawmakers.
"There are some things that the Trump administration could do at the margins that might help clean up some of the worst abuses in the program," Costa said, but "legislation is going to be required to really fix the program."
Although H-1Bs are the main focus of the order, other guest worker programs could also come under scrutiny.
The president himself has relied on guest workers with a different kind of visa — H-2B — to help staff his Mar-a-Lago resort, according to the Palm Beach Post. During the campaign Trump defended his use of foreign workers, saying it's difficult to find Americans willing to accept seasonal employment.
BACOLOR, PAMPANGA—Whenever June comes around, Enrique Baking, president of Don Honorio Ventura Technological State University (DHVTSU) here, feels nostalgic and victorious.
The images 26 years ago of the university and the rest of this former Pampanga capital were of destruction.
After Mt. Pinatubo stirred to life and erupted on June 15, 1991, rains kept washing down volcanic debris from the slopes of Mt. Pinatubo, carrying ash, sand, mud, pumice stones, rocks and gases toward the Pasig-Potrero River that cuts through the town, and causing it to overflow and spread to villages.
ADVERTISEMENT
The biggest lahar flows that buried Bacolor flowed as fast as stampeding horses on Oct. 1, 1995, when Typhoon “Mameng” hit Central Luzon.
As dawn broke, Baking realized that the oldest vocational school in Asia was no more. Its campus was buried under 10 to 15 meters of lahar, the roof of its old building jutting out in the eerie gray landscape.
Viewed from the air, Bacolor was virtually erased from the map, with the half-buried San Guillermo Church and roofs left as grim reminders that this used to be the seat of culture and the arts in the province.
Baking and then president, Ernesto Nicdao, reflected on the fact that sustaining DHVTSU was a tall challenge and that putting it back on its feet was already a daunting task.
“The school was totally devastated,” Baking said.
In 1995, 100 teachers went back to work and reached out to 5,000 students by holding classes in makeshift classrooms in evacuation centers, resettlement sites and the campus where improvised rooms were connected by stilts made of bamboo and wood.
By 1996, then Chief Supt. Edgar Aglipay, Central Luzon police director and member of the regional development council, advised Nicdao to temporarily move the school out of harm's way. But the government did not give the school any funds.
“I became a professional beggar,” said Baking, who, together with Nicdao, led the fundraising activities.
ADVERTISEMENT
By the time Nicdao assumed as president in 2006, the late Sen. Juan Flavier, former President Gloria Macapagal-Arroyo and congressional leaders became staunch supporters. (Arroyo's father, the late President Diosdado Macapagal, was able to get an education despite poverty through the support of Don Honorio Ventura).
At the same time, 50 to 60 percent of the school's revenues went to rehabilitating the campus.
“The school survived on concerted efforts,” Baking said.
Now the campus has 15 new buildings and its students have reached more than 23,000, mostly from poor families. Except for the lahar-filled Gugu River behind it, the campus bears not even the slightest sign of the disaster that befell it.
It has opened extension campuses in Mexico, Sto. Tomas, Porac and Lubao towns that are subsidized by the local and provincial governments.
Arts and trade, called the “heritage courses,” remain strong. In 2014, the National Historical Commission of the Philippines reinstalled a 1959 marker that was buried by lahar.
WWE Network
Previously on the Best and Worst of WCW Monday Nitro: We revisited Fall Brawl '97 for the sudden but inevitable betrayal of Curt Hennig, Ric Flair getting his head bashed in by a cage door, and Mark Curtis getting told to suck Scott Hall's dick. All in all, a banner night for WCW.
Click here to watch this week's episode on WWE Network. You can catch up with all the previous episodes of WCW Monday Nitro on the Best and Worst of Nitro tag page. Follow along with the competition here.
Remember, if you want us to keep writing 20-year-old WCW jokes, click the share buttons and spread the column around. If you don't tell them how much you like these, nobody's going to read them. Seriously, this is as niche as it gets, but they're a hell of a lot of fun, and if I'm being honest I'd rather write 10 of these than watch one (1) episode of current Smackdown.
And now, the best and worst of WCW Monday Nitro, originally aired on September 15, 1997.
NEW YORK (AP) — Stocks that moved substantially or traded heavily Wednesday:
Xerox Inc., up $1.45 to $34.13
Japan's Fujifilm will take majority control of the company.
Boeing Co., up $16.66 to $354.37
The aircraft maker forecast strong results for this year and reported that its fourth-quarter profit nearly doubled from a year ago.
Advanced Micro Devices Inc., up 87 cents to $13.74
The chipmaker reported earnings and revenue that came in ahead of analysts' forecasts.
Thomson Reuters Corp., down $3.21 to $43.41
Blackstone is paying $17 billion to acquire a unit of the news and information company.
Electronic Arts Inc., up $8.26 to $126.96
The video game maker forecast quarterly earnings and sales that were well ahead of what Wall Street analysts were expecting.
Textron Inc., down $1.51 to $58.67
The industrial conglomerate's earnings and revenue fell short of forecasts.
Tupperware Brands Corp., down $6.02 to $57.76
The maker of kitchen and other consumer products reported sales that fell short of analysts' forecasts.
Juniper Networks Inc., down $2.17 to $26.15
The provider of network equipment and services forecast quarterly results that were well below what Wall Street analysts were expecting.
EL SEGUNDO — Last season, the Kings were without Jonathan Quick for 59 games.
Surprisingly, they had a slightly better winning percentage without their two-time Stanley Cup champion goaltender than they did with him.
A groin injury in the first period of the 2016 season opener shelved Quick for the longest stretch of his career, giving the franchise a chance to see how another goalie would fare behind their defense, which is perennially one of the NHL's best.
Peter Budaj, who had played in exactly 55 NHL games the previous four seasons combined, was Quick's primary replacement last season. He finished fourth in the league with a 2.22 goals-against average.
Quick's goals-against average in his last full season was exactly 2.22. The goaltender's performance in 2015-16 was good enough to make him one of three finalists for the Vezina Trophy awarded to the NHL's best at his position.
The numbers seem to suggest the Kings aren't necessarily a significantly better team with Quick in goal. But numbers don't tell the entire story, according to Kings coach John Stevens.
“It's hard to put a figure on or quantify his leadership,” Stevens said. “But I think just his presence in the room, it has a real calming effect.”
Quick stopped all 35 shots he saw in the Kings' season-opening 2-0 win over the Philadelphia Flyers on Thursday night.
With two Kings defensemen making their NHL debut in front of him and the team protecting what was a one-goal lead until 2:21 remained in the game, there was no small amount of pressure on Quick.
Philadelphia outshot the Kings, 17-5, in the third period. But Quick still managed his 45th career shutout. The 35 saves were the seventh most he had made in a shutout performance.
A day after scoring on three of their five power-play chances, the Flyers were 0 for 5 against the Kings.
“In the penalty-kill situation, you trust him to take care of certain things,” Stevens said. “He knows what he's responsible for and I think that allows guys to settle down and really, I think it allows you to be more aggressive. … He's a real calming force on your hockey team, especially when you've got some young guys in the lineup. I don't think you can measure that, but you can certainly feel it.”
Kings games streaming online
Every Kings game during the regular season will be available online via Fubo TV, an official partner of the franchise.
The Kings are the first professional sports team to partner with the live streaming TV service that offers a base package with more than 65 channels.
For $19.99 a month for the first two months and $39.99 each additional month, subscribers can access Fubo TV and stream Kings games being broadcast on Fox Sports West, Prime Ticket and NBCSN.
“With our partners fuboTV, we are providing our digital-savvy followers with a cutting edge platform to watch the action live,” Kings president Luc Robitaille said.
DEARBORN, Mich.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Apr 23, 2018--EnvisionTEC, a leading global manufacturer of desktop and full-production 3D printers and materials, today announced two new medical-grade materials that make printing parts for implantation in humans safe and easy.
This press release features multimedia. View the full release here: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180423005689/en/
EnvisionTEC today launches two new medical-grade materials that make 3D printing parts for implantation in humans safe and easy on its bioprinters. UV Silicone 60A MG, shown here, is a ready-to-print liquid silicone appropriate for microfluidics, wound dressings and more. EnvisionTEC also launched a biodegradable PCL polyester for use with its 3D-Bioplotter printers. (Graphic: Business Wire)
EnvisionTEC's two new ready-to-print Medical Grade (MG) materials – a liquid silicone rubber and a biodegradable PCL polyester ― are manufactured with the highest purity and can be implanted in humans after 3D printing on the company's 3D-Bioplotter series printers.
The world's leading bioprinter since 2002, EnvisionTEC's 3D-Bioplotter is offered in three models ― Starter, Developer and Manufacturer ― that make bioprinting accessible to educators, medical researchers and global manufacturing companies.
Demonstration parts 3D printed in the new materials will be on display this week in Fort Worth, Texas, at RAPID + TCT, the premier event for 3D manufacturing in North America. EnvisionTEC is sponsoring the event's Medical Manufacturing Innovations conference and will also be showcasing other innovations in Booth 1304.
“These new materials show that EnvisionTEC continues to work closely with our customers and partners to develop materials that can be easily used on our highly accurate and reliable 3D-Bioplotter,” said CEO Al Siblani.
FDA Master Files are available upon request for the two new materials, which are now available for purchase:
UV Silicone 60A MG ― a biocompatible, bio-inert, non-biodegradable liquid silicone rubber that is cured with a UV light and delivers a Shore A hardness of 60. A transparent material, it can also be mixed with pigments. Approved only for short-term use in the body (29 days or less). Sold by the kilogram. Suitable applications include microfluidics, wound dressings, bio-sensor housings and prototyping. HT PCL MG ― a biodegradable thermoplastic polyester that is processed at high temperatures. To be offered in two molecular weights that affect stiffness, flexibility and degradation time: 80 kDa and 120 kDa. Available in 1 kg or 100 g packages. Suitable for both short-term and long-term use in the body (longer than 29 days). Ideal applications include bone regeneration, cartilage regeneration, drug release and hybrid scaffolds.
Customers can change between 365 nm and 405 nm light sources just as quickly and easily as changing material cartridges on a low temperature printing head.
History of Ready-to-Print Biomaterials
The 3D-Bioplotter is EnvisionTEC's only open-source materials printer ― a feature designed to give medical researchers and manufacturers the flexibility to develop their own materials for unique research or a specific patient.
For more than 15 years, 3D-Bioplotter users have been printing silicones, thermoplastics, hydrogels and more, to advance groundbreaking research in regenerative medicine, drug delivery and materials science, among other topics.
As the 3D-Bioplotter has become ever more popular, however, with more than 200 citations in peer-reviewed journals, there has been increasing demand for standard 3D printing materials.
For convenience, EnvisionTEC now sells three grades of materials, with varying levels of purity and cost, to expedite research and manufacturing, such as printing supports for tissue engineering applications or structures for soft implants:
Technical Grade (TG) Research Grade (RG) Medical Grade (MG)
Several of EnvisionTEC's standard bioprinting materials also come with low-temperature (LT) or high-temperature (HT) designations, to meet different printing needs. For example, EnvisionTEC offers LT and HT versions of its Support RG material. These research-grade materials can be used to create sacrificial supports that are dissolved in distilled water after the support is no longer needed. The LT version is cellulose-based and has a processing temperature of 23°C or 73°F, while the HT version is sugar-based and can be processed at 150°C or 302°F.
As the world leader in bioprinting solutions, EnvisionTEC continues to develop bioprinting materials with its global partners as the field of regenerative medicine evolves and bioprinting expands in the coming years into clinical trials and manufacturing production.
More information about the company's new biomaterials can be found at EnvisionTEC.com/biomaterials.
About EnvisionTEC
EnvisionTEC is a leading global provider of professional-grade 3D printing solutions. Founded in 2002 with its pioneering commercial DLP printing technology, EnvisionTEC now sells 3D printers based on six distinct technologies that build objects from digital design files. The company's technology serves a variety of medical, professional and industrial markets, and is valued for precision, surface quality, functionality and speed. EnvisionTEC's intellectual property includes more than 140 pending and granted patents. Learn more at EnvisionTEC.com.
View source version on businesswire.com:https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180423005689/en/
CONTACT: EnvisionTEC
Sarah A. Webster, +1-313-888-4460
swebster@envisiontec.com
KEYWORD: AUSTRIA UNITED STATES EUROPE NORTH AMERICA CANADA MICHIGAN GERMANY SWITZERLAND
INDUSTRY KEYWORD: TECHNOLOGY OTHER TECHNOLOGY MANUFACTURING CHEMICALS/PLASTICS OTHER MANUFACTURING
SOURCE: EnvisionTEC
Copyright Business Wire 2018.
PUB: 04/23/2018 08:30 AM/DISC: 04/23/2018 08:30 AM
http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180423005689/en
LONDON (AP) — British police say couple who are critically ill were exposed to Russian nerve agent Novichok.
Claire's, the mall chain that has pierced the ears of millions of teens, has filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection.
The company said Monday its stores will remain open as it restructures its debt.
It's just the latest retailer to seek bankruptcy protection, close stores or go out of business entirely. Toys R Us announced last week that it would close or sell all its stores after filing for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection last year.
Claire's said Monday it is “confident” it will emerge from bankruptcy protection in September, having reduced its debt by nearly $2 billion. It said it can compete with the shift to online shopping, arguing that its “iconic ear piercing services are unmatched and cannot be replicated online.”
Claire's, based in Hoffman Estates, Illinois, said it has pierced more than 100 million ears since it began offering the service 40 years ago. The company was founded in the 1960s.
Speaking to a cheering crowd about the Clean Power Plan in Alabama last month, Trump suggested the legislation was as good as dead. “Did you see what I did to that? Boom, gone,” he said. (Aaron Bernstein/Reuters)
President Donald Trump's administration is taking a significant step to scrap the Clean Power Plan that aims to reduce power plant emissions, following through on the president's repeated vows to repeal the Obama-era anti-pollution policy.
The Environmental Protection Agency soon will issue a “proposal to repeal” the Clean Power Plan, The New York Times and Reuters reported Wednesday, citing an internal EPA document. The EPA intends to develop a replacement rule “similarly intended to reduce carbon dioxide emissions from existing fossil-fueled electric utility generating units,” according to the agency document. The EPA will seek recommendations from the public about possible replacements, the document adds.
Trump has repeatedly condemned the Clean Power Plan, calling it “stupid” and a “crushing attack on American industry.” In March, he signed an executive order demanding that the EPA review the policy.
As Vox explained, the Clean Power Plan can only be repealed if a new rule-making process is undertaken. That process, however, could take “years,” Janet McCabe, who was head of the EPA's Office of Air and Radiation during former President Barack Obama's tenure, told Reuters.
That timeline contradicts Trump's declaration last month t hat the policy was already as good as dead. “Did you see what I did to that? Boom, gone,” he told a cheering crowd in Alabama, referring to the Clean Power Plan.
The EPA has taken an initial step toward overturning an Obama-era climate change initiative, the Clean Power Plan https://t.co/iexXzk1Mvepic.twitter.com/B7OAqRRPTE — NYT Politics (@nytpolitics) October 4, 2017
The Clean Power Plan was hailed as the strongest action ever taken by a U.S. president to combat climate change when it was unveiled in 2015. Despite the support of scientists and environmentalists, the policy has had no shortage of opponents.
More than two dozen states challenged the Clean Power Plan in court, prompting the Supreme Court to temporarily block it. The D.C. Circuit Court of Appeals had set a deadline for Friday to hear from the EPA on how it plans to move forward with the policy.
The Clean Power Plan, which aims to cut greenhouse gas emissions from power plants by 32 percent by 2030, was widely seen as the most important tool in the federal government's arsenal to helping the U.S. meet its Paris Climate Agreement goals and a centerpiece of Obama's anti-pollution policies.
Trump announced in May that the U.S. would withdraw from the global climate deal. The U.S. is only one of three countries not in the accord.
BC-BBA--Top Ten
BASEBALL'S TOP TEN By The Associated Press AMERICAN LEAGUE G AB R H Pct. Betts Bos 48 184 52 66 .359 Brantley Cle 44 181 30 62 .343 Simmons LAA 53 197 32 66 .335 Altuve Hou 57 233 33 78 .335 Segura Sea 51 218 37 72 .330 MMachado Bal 56 219 30 71 .324 JMartinez Bos 53 205 36 66 .322 Castellanos Det 51 204 28 65 .319 MDuffy TB 39 156 10 49 .314 Ramos TB 42 159 16 49 .308 Home Runs
Trout, Los Angeles, 18; JMartinez, Boston, 18; JoRamirez, Cleveland, 17; Betts, Boston, 17; MMachado, Baltimore, 16; Gallo, Texas, 15; Judge, New York, 15; KDavis, Oakland, 13; Encarnacion, Cleveland, 13; 4 tied at 12.
Runs Batted In
JMartinez, Boston, 47; MMachado, Baltimore, 45; JoRamirez, Cleveland, 40; Judge, New York, 40; Lowrie, Oakland, 39; Haniger, Seattle, 39; KDavis, Oakland, 38; Benintendi, Boston, 38; Betts, Boston, 37; 2 tied at 36.
Pitching
Severino, New York, 8-1; Kluber, Cleveland, 8-2; Morton, Houston, 7-0; Porcello, Boston, 7-2; Verlander, Houston, 7-2; Happ, Toronto, 7-3; Snell, Tampa Bay, 7-3; Rodriguez, Boston, 6-1; Tanaka, New York, 6-2; 2 tied at 6-3.
22:57 Reported News Briefs Av 22, 5777 , 14/08/17 Av 22, 5777 , 14/08/17 Neo-Nazi site Daily Stormer kicked off GoDaddy domain platform Read more The Neo-Nazi site loses domain rights after an article smearing the victim of the ramming attack at the racist white supremacist rally. ► ◄ Last Briefs
Cup must fit upright within 10" hole
Cup must be food-safe clean
Cup must be watertight
One cup per person
This time of year always makes me feel a little down. A lot of kids are back in school, even though it still feels like the middle of summer. Even though the sun may be shining, you know that your beach days are numbered. If you're not the type to dive into pumpkin spice-flavored everything before Labor Day, 7-Eleven is offering a deal that might cheer you up. On August 18 and 19, select locations of the convenience store chain will be hosting Bring Your Own Cup Day . From 11 a.m. to 7 p.m. on those days, all you have to do is bring in your own cup, which can be anything from a champagne flute to an over-sized coffee mug, and fill it with any Slurpee flavor for just $1.50. There are a few rules for the promotion:In the past, customers have gotten pretty creative with the deal. One Instagrammer decided to get her money's worth by filling two jumbo popcorn tubs. https://www.instagram.com/p/BJT9vXygdzL/?hl=en&tagged=byocupday2016 Another decided to really lean into the summer vibe by filling up a hollowed-out watermelon: https://www.instagram.com/p/BJTnhaMj_1f/?hl=en&tagged=byocupday2016 Yet another totally thought outside the box and got their Slurpee in a light bulb! https://www.instagram.com/p/BMjIPk9BhBQ/?hl=en&tagged=byocupday2016 Looking for more end-of-summer deals? For a limited time, you can get a free medium shake, sundae or frappe from McDonald's with any purchase. All you have to do is download the company's app and scan the coupon code at checkout. Just in time for back-to-school, Amazon is offering snack sample boxes that are perfect for lunch boxes. For $9.99, you can get a box of ten or more snacks such as chips, nuts and granola bars. In return, you get an equivalent credit toward a future purchase of select products from Amazon. These great deals make the end of summer not so bad after all!
This story originally appeared on Don't Waste Your Money. Checkout Don't Waste Your Money for other great tips and ideas to make the most out of life.
ATLANTA -- Sean Payton met with New Orleans Saints general manager Mickey Loomis to discuss his coaching future following Sunday's season finale, a source told ESPN. Those talks are expected to continue into the week as they try to determine whether Payton will keep coaching in New Orleans or Loomis will be willing to explore a trade with another team.
NOLA.com reported that the Los Angeles Rams are expected to ask permission to speak with Payton this week and that Loomis would be open to a possible deal.
The Rams have so far been concentrating on available coaching candidates, but Payton could emerge as a candidate, a source told ESPN.
Payton refused to discuss reports about his coaching future following Sunday's 38-32 loss at Atlanta, saying only, "Next question."
Saints quarterback Drew Brees laughed off questions about the reports that Payton could leave and suggested that he believes they are "completely made up, to be honest with you" since they have come up so often in the past but never to fruition.
Such reports were even stronger and more prevalent throughout last season before Payton ultimately decided to stay in New Orleans and re-up with a five-year contract worth more than $9 million per season. The San Francisco 49ers and Indianapolis Colts emerged as potential suitors, but the interest level wasn't strong enough to sway away Payton.
However, the Rams could prove to be the X-factor if the mutual interest is sincere -- a huge-market team with a ready-made defense and a young quarterback in Jared Goff that Payton liked during the pre-draft process last year.
One element the Rams are lacking is draft picks, since they sent their 2017 first- and third-rounders to Tennessee when they traded up for Goff last year. So it will be interesting to see what the Saints would require in exchange for Payton -- and if the Rams are willing to pay that price.
Although Loomis and Saints owner Tom Benson might be willing to explore a mutually beneficial trade, this is not a case in which the Saints are eager to push Payton out the door and start over from scratch.
A source told ESPN last week that the Saints are happy with the direction the young team has been taking this season, despite a third straight 7-9 finish. The source refuted a NFL Network report that morale is lower in New Orleans this season than it was last year, saying it's quite the opposite.
If Payton does leave, it will apparently come as a surprise to his players.
"I mean, I have no reason to believe otherwise. Sean Payton's our head coach," Brees said. "And honestly, I don't know where you guys are getting this stuff. I guess there's speculation, whatever. I guess anybody can just write whatever they want, and all of a sudden, people think that it's fact or there's some truth to it.
"I think it's completely made up, to be honest with you. Coach Payton's our head coach, and that's that."
Veteran offensive tackle Zach Strief got a little terse while complaining about the use of unnamed sources that proved to be wrong in years' past.
"First of all, none of us [players] talk about that right now. And second of all, I've said it five times this week, I'm kind of tired of saying it, I'm not commenting on a source without knowing who that source is," Strief said. "Of course [Payton] is not gonna answer [questions on the subject]. Why would he answer that? You give credence to it forever, and it just keeps coming. It's gonna happen every year we're 7-9. It just comes with the territory. There's no need to address it.
"I'm sure the younger guys do [wonder], because I think you'd like to believe things you hear and read in the media. ... I'm sorry, I just ... I understand why that happens, that's what we're gonna write about this time of year. A bunch of teams writing about playoffs, a bunch of teams writing about their coaches getting fired. It is what it is, there's just no reason to talk about it."
Running back Mark Ingram, meanwhile, took a more optimistic approach to talks of his dismissal.
"I mean, there's been rumors about Coach Payton forever, about him leaving. So I don't believe that he's going anywhere," Ingram said. "I feel like even though it was our third season at 7-9, I think there's a lot to look up to, a lot of bright spots on our team. And the team is extremely close, and we're young, and we just continue to thrive together.
"So I feel like, let's just keep this unit together. And Coach Payton and Drew and just, I feel like we're family. So I don't feel like we're gonna be broken up."
Nashville Predators fans were in for a special treat before their playoff game on Monday: Carrie Underwood!
The country singer appeared on the ice ahead of the hockey team's first-round Stanley Cup playoff against the Chicago Blackhawks to perform the national anthem.
“Please rise and welcome seven-time Grammy winner and longtime Nashville Predators fan Carrie Underwood,” the announcer said inside Bridgestone Arena.
The “Church Bells” singer also took to Instagram to share a photo of herself wearing a Predators cap.
Mike Fisher, Underwood's husband, is captain of the Nashville NHL team, and she sported his #12 jersey as she sang “The Star-Spangled Banner.”
Underwood, 34, prepped for the big game in true superfan-fashion by decorating her nails and toenails in the colors of the Nashville Predators.
FROM COINAGE: These Athletes Are Only Getting Richer After Leaving the Field
She also got to twirl a yellow Predators towel alongside Nashville mayor Megan Barry in front of a cheering crowd as the game began.
And the Predators won in overtime over the Blackhawks 3-2 for a 3-0 lead in the Western Conference quarterfinals!
Underwood and Fisher have been married since 2010 and at the 2017 Grammys Awards she said her cheering skills are excellent at this point. “I'm like: Yeah! Get 'em!'” Underwood told PEOPLE of watching her husband play. “I'm screaming at the TV, or if I'm there I'm screaming and yelling at the refs. It's good. I'm in it!”
She is also open for their son Isaiah to follow in his dad's footsteps. “I'm pretty sure he's going to play some hockey at some point in his life,” Underwood said. “He's about to turn 2 and we'll see what happens after that! You never know. It's up to the good lord.”
This article was originally published on PEOPLE.com
Kevin Kwan's 2013 novel Crazy Rich Asians was an instant bestseller (and spawned two sequels), so anticipation has been high for the upcoming big-screen adaptation helmed by director Jon M. Chu (Step Up 2: The Streets, Now You See Me 2), which will feature an all-Asian cast. And now that the first full-length trailer for the film has dropped (courtesy of Ellen), expectations are only skyrocketing further, thanks to fan reaction that's nothing short of enthusiastic.
In Crazy Rich Asians, American-born economics professor Rachel Chu (Fresh Off the Boat's Constance Wu) thinks she's met Mr. Right in the person of Nick Young (Henry Golding). However, upon traveling to Singapore with him to attend his best friend's wedding, she discovers that he's not just a great guy — he's also insanely wealthy. Problems soon arise courtesy of Nick's mother, Eleanor (Michelle Yeoh), who's not ready to simply let a newcomer enter the picture and enjoy the fruits of the family fortune. Pitted against her potential future mother-in-law, as well as an upper-crust society that views her as an unworthy partner for Nick, Rachel finds herself struggling to prove that she belongs — a premise that, so far, has social media fans counting down the days until the film's late-summer premiere.
AAAAHHHHHH!!!!!! August is too far away. I NEED #CrazyRichAsians RIGHT NOW!!! @CRA_Movie — Jennifer | #CoulsonLives (@JenPhillips721) April 23, 2018
This better get recognized out there for award season — Courtney Clark (@Relax_Courtney) April 23, 2018
Feels good to have people who look like me on an anticipated movie — Rosita (@rosreads) April 23, 2018
Omg. This looks amazing! — Heather Van Fleet (@HLVanFleet) April 23, 2018
So going to see this when it comes out. — Timi (@TeeDeAmazon) April 23, 2018
Gonna have to check this out. 1) It looks like it'll be good, and 2) to support my Asian fam. — WAKANDA FOREVER! (@sportjames23) April 23, 2018
I am so ready for this movie. Loved the book! — Megs (@ApplePieHubbub) April 23, 2018
Co-starring Gemma Chan, Awkwafina, Sonoya Mizuno, Chris Pang, and Ken Jeong, Crazy Rich Asians arrives in theaters on Aug. 17.
Read more from Yahoo Entertainment:
DENVER -- Matt McGloin suffered an injury to his left shoulder in the Raiders' 24-6 loss to the Broncos?on Sunday,?putting Oakland's quarterback situation in an even tougher spot entering the playoffs.?
McGloin, making his first start since regular No. 1 Derek Carr broke his right leg, was replaced by rookie Connor Cook.
McGloin was injured on a late hit by Broncos defensive end Jared Crick with less than two minutes remaining in the first half. Cook, the Raiders' fourth-round draft pick out of Michigan State, made his NFL debut after not being active all season, and he completed two of his first three passes for 8 yards.
"I wanted to play out there tonight,'' McGloin said. "If I'm not 100 percent healthy, that's not what this team needs. I plan on being 100 percent healthy [for AFC wild-card opponent Houston].''
Cook finished 14-for-21 for 150 yards, with one touchdown and one interception. He also lost a fumble.
McGloin, meanwhile, was just 6-of-11 for 21 yards as the Raiders trailed 17-0 at halftime. He was originally ruled questionable to return as he went to the locker room after being worked on by trainers on the sidelines.
"I got hit pretty good [on] the play," said McGloin, whose record as a starter in the NFL fell to 1-6 with his sixth straight loss in his first start since 2013. "I saw the hit on the replay and saw it was helmet to helmet. But sometimes that happens. You got to take those shots as the quarterback.
"I couldn't throw in a motion that I'm used to, my normal motion. I'll get in there bright and early tomorrow to get treatment to get ready."
Raiders coach Jack Del Rio would not commit to a starting quarterback for next weekend's playoff game at Houston, though he did intimate McGloin likely would get the nod if he was healthy.
"Obviously, [McGloin] has more experience in our system, a little bit longer," Del Rio said. "But I thought Connor did a nice job with the opportunities that he had."
Cook said the game came "fast" for him and that the Raiders ran plays he had never run before in practice. He had not dressed for a game all season until Sunday.
"Going the whole week not getting a lot of reps and just being thrown out there, it's just the name of the game," Cook said. "When you're playing the quarterback spot, if one man goes down, then it's next man up. I was frustrated I didn't get out there and get some reps. I was trying to get the timing down with the receivers, but it didn't go the way we wanted it to go."
If McGloin can't go, Cook would be the first quarterback to start a playoff game without starting a regular-season game in the Super Bowl era (since 1966), according to Elias Sports Bureau.
The Associated Press contributed to this report.?
Manish Vyas, president of business communication at Tech Mahindra, spoke with TechRepublic's Dan Patterson about innovations that will be enabled by the arrival of 5G.
Watch the video, or read the full transcript of their conversation below:
Patterson: Help us understand, Manish, 5G we hear a lot of hype about. What's the reality of this new wireless standard?
Vyas: The reality is that it does promise us to transform. You very rightly use the word digital, but my translation of digital is it promises to change the way people would live, work, and play going forward in a more significant fashion than what you saw with the previous generations.
If I could just expand on that a bit, 5G is not just about the throughput and the speed and the power and the latencies, but 5G is about exciting, exciting propositions that will come our way both in the enterprise space and in the consumer domain. Given that 5G also combined with some of the other later technological innovations that are happening as we speak, for example, artificial intelligence, will just enable a certain set of use cases. It will just change the paradigm of how people communicate, how people consume experiences, or how people transact business. All of that is going to change, so I guess that's the reason why everybody is so hyped up, if I may, about 5G.
Patterson: So, how? We know that the capabilities of 2G, 3G, and 4G has iterated and created new technological capabilities. What specifically about 5G enables IoT, enables high-speed mobile devices, and enables artificial intelligence?
Vyas: Yes. I think it is, and all of them are related, the convergence of other software technologies that are advancing at the speed of light right now. Let's take two of them, just to build a use case, right? Let's take VR, virtual reality. Let's take IoT, which is the ability to connect the devices and harness the power of data, right? Now, combine that with the wireless advancements that will happen with the 5G technology from an access, as well as from how the data is processed. It will create use cases that have hereto not been possible.
SEE: Virtual and augmented reality policy (Tech Pro Research)
One of my favorite examples that I often give is think of an NFL game, and think of the tailgate parties that happen outside any stadium. There are any number of thousands of people who are perennial tailgate party goers. They don't even enter the stadium game after game, year after year, but they like to spend a lot of money outside the stadium.
The experience that they will now get, imagine with the VR and with the discoverable aspect of the network that 5G does, where if you, Dan, for example, as a big fan of a certain running back of a certain NFL team, as you're partying with your buddies outside a certain stadium, you will be notified that something dramatic happened inside the stadium and with whatever device that is available at the time, which is also by the way advancing, with 5G and with the fact that you are discoverable by the network and the latencies and the availability of the network is like never before, the throughout is like never before, so the IoT on a camera or a device, the VR experience, powered by 5G, you will there and then and you will be the only person who will be able to stand almost right next to the running back and experience as the things explode and happen at the site.
Just the sheer power of that use case is phenomenal, and the money that different people in the ecosystem will make out of it, including the telecom service provider, I think can be quite an interesting paradigm in my view.
Patterson: What are some of the challenges or roadblocks to the rollout of 5G?
Vyas: I think there are plenty. One of the biggest ones is going to be, without even getting into the technology aspect at this point, I would say is still a major part of the industry will still struggle to find the justification to invest in the capital, from a business case ROI standpoint.
Now, on that one, one is also hearing as I go around the world and meet different CTOs and other executives of service providers, one is hearing that there are different ways of skinning that cat, if I may. The overall cost of 5G deployment is likely to be atmospherically high at this point, there are all indicators that the likely cost is going to be cheaper than what was in 4G, and if that happens, that itself is probably a business case-justification.
SEE: IT pro's guide to the evolution and impact of 5G technology (free PDF) (TechRepublic)
Of course, there is a bigger underlying assumption that the prices in the marketplace at least hold up, and if they drop, they drop only marginally and not dramatically. There's no guarantee of that, but at least that's a possibility. That's one challenge, clearly that the market is going to face.
The second is going to be a more technical and execution challenge, which is the availability of the technology, the trials that need to go through in a very satisfactory fashion worldwide so that people get enough confidence to go and deploy the technology at a very large scale, which I don't think is a question of if, it is more a question of when. I guess the challenge would be more for delay rather than really making it happen.
Patterson: Manish, I think that that is a great point. I wonder if you could leave us with say, the next 18- to 36-months in the rollout of 5G. Where are we in a year, year and a half, and where are we in three or four years?
Vyas: I would say in three to four years time, I would be surprised if the world is not entirely enabled by 5G. When I say that with a sense of responsibility that there would be still be a certain set of companies that may not adopt it, because of how they would want to position it, which would be challenging, and they would be under tremendous pressure, but I believe that in the next three to four years, as the other technologies also evolve, the other software technologies, I believe in the next three to four years, we will see a very large scale deployment worldwide.
In the imminent short-term, the 18, 20 months, I think we will see the early adopters clearly making progress. This year alone, we might see some of the major tier-one service providers in the North American continent, we will see them doing about 12 to 15 trials. By that, I mean 12 to 15 locations or cities would be 5G-enabled by the end of the year.
For more about the latest tech innovations, subscribe to our Next Big Thing newsletter. Subscribe
Also see
13:28 Reported News Briefs Av 22, 5777 , 14/08/17 Av 22, 5777 , 14/08/17 Tony Blair received millions from the UAE while serving on Quartet Read more A bombshell report details how former British PM got millions from the UAE while serving as Quartet envoy for Middle East peace. ► ◄ Last Briefs
Police arrested three more suspects last night for their involvement in violent rioting and stone-throwing that took place Saturday at the Arara junction.
The suspects, residents of Ara and Arara, will be brought to court for an extension of their arrests.
Police said that additional arrests are expected.
President Donald Trump's call for unity in his first State of the Union address struck an us-versus-them tone for many minorities.
For many people of color, Trump's address before Congress hardly reflected a shift in his ideology, or his bruising style of governance. It was not lost on them that the president simply softened the way he said what he's been saying all along, and sought to add a veneer of tolerance by using the stories of several people of color to illustrate his points.
The speech was a reminder for some of Trump's fraught record on race as president, though he has denied accusations that he is a racist.
Democratic Sen. Cory Booker of New Jersey says Trump "isn't doing anything real to bring us together."
The character remains cloaked in mystery ahead of the film's release next month.
Thandie Newton has tirelessly spoken out against sexual harassment and abuse within the film industry but apparently, that wasn't enough for Time's Up.
The movement was set up in the wake of the Harvey Weinstein scandal, by female Hollywood stars including Meryl Streep, Reese Witherspoon, Natalie Portman and Jessica Chastain. Newton claims that she was left out because she wasn't as famous as them.
“I wasn't hot enough,” she told Australia's Daily Telegraph (via Vulture). “I wasn't mainstream enough and I wasn't going to be at the Oscars this year, even though I am having a renaissance in my career.”
Newton returns in the critically-acclaimed HBO series Westworld for season two and her performance has been particularly praised by viewers and critics alike. The British actress told the newspaper that she found it “very painful” that she was not asked to participate because she had been “ostracised” for speaking out about being assaulted by a casting director.
She spoke about the harassment in W magazine, in 2016, when actresses weren't so easily supported with their #MeToo stories.
“He had a camera shooting up my skirt”, she said, “and asked me to touch my tits and think about the guy making love to me in the scene. I thought, ‘OK, this is a little weird,' but there was a female casting director in the room and I'd done weird stuff before so I did it.”
View photos Thandie Newton returns in Westworld season two More
Time's Up was launched on January 1 2018 as a legal defence fund for victims of sexual harassment in the workplace. It has raised over $20 million, and gathered over 200 volunteer lawyers.
Newton has also followed Evan Rachel Woods in discussing the fact that she will also be getting equal pay to her male co-stars for the third season of Westworld.
“They're all happening right now, and yeah, we're all equal across the board,” Newton told Vanity Fair. “It's really exciting. It's unprecedented. It's — goodness; it shatters so much calcified pain, resentment, frustration. It just shatters it.”
HBO executive Casey Bloy said that the gender pay parity was spurred on by the Time's Up movement.
“We just finished our process where we went through and made sure that there were no inappropriate disparities in pay,” Boys explained, “and where there were, if we found any, we corrected it going forward.”
READ MORE
Evan Rachel Woods getting equal pay to Westworld male stars
Lily James wants to make fewer period dramas
Elizabeth Olsen wasn't comfortable shooting ‘Avengers: Age of Ultron'
RICHMOND, Calif.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Apr 23, 2018--Columbia Sportswear Company (Nasdaq: COLM) today announced the appointment of Snow Burns to serve as Global Vice President of Marketing for the Mountain Hardwear brand, effective April 16, 2018.
This press release features multimedia. View the full release here: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180423005270/en/
Snow Burns, Global Vice President of Marketing for Mountain Hardwear (Photo: Business Wire)
In her new role, Burns will be based at Mountain Hardwear's headquarters in Richmond, California, where she will develop and drive all aspects of the brand's integrated marketing strategy. Bringing over 10 years of experience in Silicon Valley, Burns will engage a global community of climbers on the brand's commitment to thoughtfully designed technical equipment, outerwear and sportswear for use by climbers and other people going to the mountains. Burns' extensive global digital marketing experience will help Mountain Hardwear redefine how an outdoor brand communicates and connects with its audience in this new digital age.
Mountain Hardwear President Joe Vernachio, to whom Burns will report, commented, “We are excited to have Snow bring her expertise to our brand and industry. We feel there is a more modern way of communicating that outdoor brands fail to tap into. We think Snow brings just the right mix of ‘Silicon Valley know-how' with a personal passion for the outdoors.”
Burns has over 10 years of experience leading marketing efforts for startups, not-for-profits and global enterprises. Prior to joining Mountain Hardwear, she led the strategy, social media and analytics teams at John McNeil Studio, crafting analytics-based brand strategies and global campaigns across a tech and e-commerce client base with a special focus on digital, social and experiential. Prior to John McNeil Studio, she was head of global social content strategy at CA Technologies.
About Mountain Hardwear
Founded on the principles of innovation and irreverence, our purpose is to build essential equipment for climbers and the outdoor industry that enables people to push as far, as high and as wide as their aspirations carry them. Our expedition tents have summited more of the world's top peaks than any other brand, and every product we make is designed and built with technical precision from this foundation. At Mountain Hardwear, Everything is Equipment. Mountain Hardwear, Inc., founded in 1993 and based in Richmond, CA, is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Columbia Sportswear Company and distributes its products through specialty outdoor, running, and sporting goods retailers in the United States and 58 countries worldwide. To learn more, visit www.mountainhardwear.com.
About Columbia Sportswear Company
Columbia Sportswear Company has assembled a portfolio of brands for active lives, making it a leader in the global active lifestyle apparel, footwear, accessories, and equipment industry. Founded in 1938 in Portland, Oregon, the company's brands are today sold in approximately 90 countries. In addition to the Columbia® brand, Columbia Sportswear Company also owns the Mountain Hardwear®, SOREL® and prAna® brands. To learn more, please visit the company's websites at www.columbia.com, www.mountainhardwear.com, www.sorel.com and www.prana.com.
View source version on businesswire.com:https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180423005270/en/
CONTACT: Mountain Hardwear
Marketing
Lina Adams, 503-451-9727
ladams@mountainhardwear.com
KEYWORD: UNITED STATES NORTH AMERICA CALIFORNIA
INDUSTRY KEYWORD: OUTDOORS RETAIL FASHION SPECIALTY SPORTS
SOURCE: Columbia Sportswear Company
Copyright Business Wire 2018.
PUB: 04/23/2018 12:00 PM/DISC: 04/23/2018 12:01 PM
http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180423005270/en
VOORHEES, N.J. (AP) — A 12-year-old New Jersey girl spent Valentine's Day delivering over 1,300 books donated to a children's hospital.
Charlotte Olson tells the Courier-Post (http://on.cpsj.com/2lOTagL ) her original goal was to collect 1,000 children's books as a way to give back to her town of Voorhees.
She started the book drive before Christmas, using social media, her family and church to help spread the word.
On Tuesday, she brought boxes full of books to Children's Regional Hospital at Cooper's outpatient Voorhees site. She also gave $220 to go toward more book purchases.
The books were presented to physicians and staff, who'll distribute them to patients at sites throughout the year as part of Cooper's Reach Out and Read program.
The hospital says it's the largest book donation they've ever received.
___
Information from: Courier-Post (Cherry Hill, N.J.), http://www.courierpostonline.com/
In a scorched-earth defense strategy, Bill Cosby's attorneys banked on a backlash to the growing #MeToo movement, describing it Tuesday as a mob mentality “primarily based on emotion and anger” and comparing the prosecution of the comedian to lynchings, witch hunts and McCarthyism.
“When you join a movement based primarily on emotion and anger, you don't change a damned thing,” defense attorney Kathleen Bliss told jurors during a closing argument in a Montgomery County, Pennsylvania, courtroom. “Which is why each single case must be examined on its merits. All of the evidence must be weighed."
She said the case boils down to whether the jury believes Andrea Constand, Cosby's primary accuser, who testified that he drugged and sexually assaulted her in 2004 at his suburban Pennsylvania home.
Matt Slocum/AP
"The bottom line here is that if you don't believe Andrea Constand, you must acquit Mr. Cosby," Bliss said.
Cosby, 80, is being retried on three felony counts of aggravated indecent assault for allegedly drugging and sexually assaulting Constand, 44, a former director of operations for the women's basketball team at Temple University, where Cosby was a trustee and major financial donor. His first trial ended in a mistrial in June when a jury failed to reach a verdict.
The high-tension courtroom drama began shortly before the jury took their seats around 10 a.m., when Cosby's wife of 54 years, Camille Cosby, entered the courtroom in designer sunglasses and a bright orange kaftan and approached her husband at the defense table.
Making her first appearance in court since last year's closing arguments, she gave her husband a kiss and a light embrace as he smiled and whispered in her ear, before taking her seat in the front row.
During the retrial, five additional women shared strikingly similar allegations of being drugged and molested by the entertainer despite the statute of limitations having long run out for potential criminal prosecution in those cases.
In a withering indictment of both the #MeToo movement against the abuse and sexual harassment of women and the numerous female witnesses who testified against Cosby, Bliss told jurors that "questioning an accuser is not shaming a victim."
"Yes, we do have to deal with sexual assault," Bliss said in her summation. "We do. It's a worldwide problem. But questioning an accuser is not shaming a victim. Gut feelings are not rational decisions. Mob rule is not due process, and just as we have had horrible, horrible crimes in our history, we've also had horrible, horrible periods of time where emotion and hatred and fear overwhelmed us: witch hunts, lynchings, McCarthyism."
Bliss took aim at the prosecution's first witness, Dr. Barbara Ziv, an expert on sexual assault, who set the stage for the state's case by testifying that virtually all the challenges to Constand's story can be explained by a cultural misunderstanding in the United States that she described as "rape myths."
"Most of what people believe ... about sexual assault is wrong," Ziv testified, explaining that statistically, the majority of sexual assault victims do not follow what would seem like rational behavior expected of other types of crime victims.
Ziv said the majority of sexual assault victims fail to make timely reports, are often hazy on details and facts, do not fight back during the assault, often fail to confront their perpetrator, and frequently return to and maintain contact with the perpetrator.
Bliss characterized Ziv's testimony as nonsense.
"We are not snowflakes," she told jurors. "We are not delicate flowers, and so this 'rape myth' that someone like Dr. Ziv would ask you to buy into -- where if she says X, it's rape; if she says Y it's rape; if she says Z, it's rape.
"As women, we don't abandon facts or science or truth. As men and women, we reject gossip and speculation and false promises," Bliss said.
In rebukes of the five additional accusers who took the stand to recount similar claims of being drugged and sexually assaulted by Cosby, Bliss said they were all fabricating stories for attention, money or fame.
She said one of the accusers, former model Janice Dickinson, sounded “as though she slept with every man on the planet.”
She said the women came forward way too late to be believed.
"The cast of five accusers ... talked about what they now claim -- more than 30 years later -- happened to them. How unfair is that? Digging up stuff from three decades ago?
"You can believe one of them, all of them, or not believe any of them," Bliss continued. "This case is about Andrea Constand."
Dominick Reuter/AFP/Getty Images
She also mocked the notion that the over-the-counter antihistamine Benadryl could knock out and incapacitate a person. Cosby told Constand and her mother that is what he gave her prior to the alleged incident, according to his deposition in a civil case Constand filed against him in 2005.
"It's Benadryl!" Bliss declared. "There is not a scintilla of scientific evidence that would back up the symptoms that are claimed here."
Prosecutors suspect but cannot prove that Cosby gave Constand something stronger, and have suggested by highlighting portions of a deposition the comedian gave in 2005 and 2006 that he drugged her with quaaludes, a now-illegal narcotic popular in the 1970s as a party drug with the street name "disco biscuits."
Cosby acknowledged in a 2005 deposition that he carried the drug to give to women with their consent prior to sexual encounters in the 1970s.
Bliss told jurors that they were about to make “one of the most important decisions you're ever going to make in your lives. You're going to decide the fate of Mr. Cosby."
She added: "There's no credible, objective, tangible evidence -- no forensic evidence -- to suggest that [Cosby] drugged Ms. Constand."
The defense team's closing argument was split between Bliss and lead defense attorney Tom Mesereau, who outlined what he called "12 lies" by Andrea Constand, remarking at one point, "You need pliers to pull the truth out of this woman."
Mesereau told the jury that "you are dealing with a pathological liar."
The prosecution's closing arguments will commence this afternoon.
Greg Palast exposes the GOP's suppression of the vote in this investigative documentary! Donate to order this gift now!
DALLAS (AP) — Two Dallas police officers have been critically wounded in a shooting outside a hardware store.
The shooting happened about 4:30 p.m. Tuesday outside a Home Depot in northern Dallas.
The Dallas Police Department tweeted about the shooting, giving the conditions of the officers. But it did not immediately provide other details.
The department tweeted that a civilian was also shot. That person's condition wasn't immediately known.
Aerial video showed police using a helicopter and trained dogs to search for a suspect in a wooded area next to the store parking lot.
US Vice President Mike Pence warned that the US policy of "strategic patience" with North Korea was at an end (AFP Photo/JUNG Yeon-Je)
Seoul (AFP) - US Vice President Mike Pence warned North Korea Monday not to test Donald Trump's resolve, declaring that "all options are on the table" in curbing its missile and nuclear weapons programmes.
Defying international pressure, the North test-fired another missile on Sunday as fears grow that it may also be preparing for its sixth nuclear weapons test.
"We hope to achieve this objective (the North's denuclearisation) through peaceful means but all options are on the table," Pence told a press conference in the South Korean capital after his trip to the tense border with the North.
"Just in the past two weeks, the world witnessed the strength and resolve of our new president in actions taken in Syria and Afghanistan.
"North Korea would do well not to test his resolve, or the strength of the armed forces of the United States in this region," Pence said at the press conference with South Korea's Acting President Hwang Kyo-Ahn.
Tensions between Pyongyang and Washington have soared in recent weeks, as a series of North Korean missile tests have prompted ever-more bellicose warnings from Trump's administration.
The new and inexperienced US president has indicated he will not allow North Korea to develop an intercontinental ballistic missile capable of delivering a nuclear warhead to the western United States.
Asked by a reporter what message he had for North Korean leader Kim Jong-Un in Washington on Monday, Trump replied "Gotta behave."
North Korea's envoy to the United Nations Kim In Ryong said the regime was preparing for "any mode of war" triggered by potential US military action, and said his country would respond to a missile or nuclear strike "in kind".
"If the United States dares opt for a military action... the DPRK is ready to react to any mode of war desired by the Americans," he told a news conference, using the country's official name, the Democratic People's Republic of Korea.
"We will take the toughest counteraction against the provocateurs."
Pence declared that the era of US "strategic patience" in dealing with the North was over, after more than two decades.
North Korea "answered our overtures with willful deception, broken promises and nuclear and missile tests", he said.
The United States, which stations 28,500 troops in South Korea, would "defeat any attack and we will meet any use of conventional or nuclear weapons with an overwhelming and effective response".
- Tensions -
Pence's trip earlier Monday to the Demilitarised Zone between the two Koreas -- one of the most heavily fortified frontiers on the planet -- underscored Washington's changing policy towards the isolated state.
Still, White House press secretary Sean Spicer also sought to cool tensions during a news conference in Washington on Monday, saying Trump is not drawing "red lines" that would threaten military action against North Korea.
"Drawing red lines really hasn't worked in the past," he said. "He holds his cards close to the vest, and I think you're not going to see him telegraphing how he's going to respond to any military or other situation going forward."
Pence's visit came after a huge military parade Saturday during which North Korea showcased apparent intercontinental ballistic missiles, and as a US carrier group converges on the Korean peninsula.
It also came the day after North Korea's latest launch -- which failed when the missile blew up seconds after blast-off.
Speaking at the village of Panmunjom inside the DMZ, Pence said America's relationship with South Korea was "ironclad and immutable".
Pyongyang insists it needs a powerful arsenal -- including atomic weapons -- to protect itself from what it says is the ever-present threat of US invasion.
Pence urged the international community to join US and regional demands for an end to the North's nuclear and ballistic missile programmes.
"It is heartening to see China commit to these actions. But the United States is troubled by China's economic retaliation against South Korea for taking appropriate steps to defend itself," he said, referring to the US THAAD missile defence system.
The system being installed in South Korea is designed to shoot down missiles from North Korea or elsewhere. But China furiously objects to its deployment, saying it could spy on its own defence installations, and has taken apparent retaliatory action against South Korean firms operating in its country.
Pence said he and Trump "have great confidence that China will properly deal with North Korea".
"But as President Trump made clear just a few short days ago, if China is unable to deal with North Korea, the United States and our allies will."
This is Pence's first visit to South Korea -- part of an Asia swing that will also include stops in Japan, Indonesia and Australia -- and although it was conceived months ago, could hardly come at a time of higher tension.
Cleveland Indians' Edwin Encarnacion is carried off the field after rolling his ankle at second base in the second inning of Game 2 of baseball's American League Division Series against the New York Yankees, Friday, Oct. 6, 2017, in Cleveland. (AP Photo/Phil Long)
CLEVELAND (AP) — Indians slugger Edwin Encarnacion sustained a potentially serious right ankle injury in the first inning of Game 2 of the AL Division Series against the New York Yankees.
Encarnacion was scrambling to get back to second base when he jammed his foot into the bag and rolled his ankle Friday. He dropped to the ground in obvious pain and writhed in the infield dirt while waiting for medical personnel.
Encarnacion, who was doubled up on the play, was unable to put much weight on his leg and had to be helped off the field. He had to pause on the trip to the dugout because he was hurting so much.
The Indians said Encarnacion has a sprained ankle and is undergoing further evaluation. Cleveland led the ALDS 1-0.
Michael Brantley, who made it all the way back from a serious ankle injury to make the postseason roster, replaced Encarnacion as Cleveland's designated hitter in the second inning and struck out on three pitches to leave the bases loaded.
In his first season with Cleveland, Encarnacion hit 38 homers with 107 RBIs. Cleveland signed him to a three-year, $60 million contract in January after he spent seven-plus seasons with Toronto.
The loss of Encarnacion for any significant time would be a major blow to the defending AL champions, who are trying to get back to the World Series and end a 69-year title drought.
IT IS MID-FEBRUARY and LeBron James, a man who has labored through six straight trips to the NBA Finals, is leading the league in minutes per game.
A breather is clearly in order -- and was on order on Feb. 8, when coach Tyronn Lue had announced that James, Kyrie Irving and Kevin Love were "probably" going to take the night off on the second game of a back-to-back at? Oklahoma City. But then, after a four-hour overnight flight from Indiana ahead of the nationally televised game, the Cleveland Cavaliers had a sudden change of plans. Minutes before tipoff, Lue announced the trio would give it a go.
The coach offered a rationale that was less than scientific: "All three guys say they feel pretty good, and we got a good thing going, so why not keep it going."
It turned out the Cavs couldn't get anything going. James shot 8-for-19 in the nine-point loss to the Thunder and missed two dunks, something so uncharacteristic, LeBron hadn't done it for almost eight years. Instead of getting the night off, James registered a whopping 41 minutes, a total that even Russell Westbrook had reached just three times this entire season; James had done it six times in the previous month alone.?Love hardly fared any better, going 5-12 from the field with no three-pointers while playing in his third game in four nights and coming off a back injury -- a workload that would seemingly come to haunt him less than a week later.
Indeed, "DNP-Rest" is basically a new thing, and there's no getting around the fact that a lot of people find it offensive. Who wouldn't love to get out of work to ... rest? If Michael Jordan, Larry Bird or Magic Johnson ever did it, they at least had the decency to call it something that sounded like an injury.
But make no mistake: for James (and the Cavs), rest should be the top priority.
IN FORMULA ONE, no one gets mad; of course the car needs to pit stops for fuel and tires. NFL fans know that one game a week is sufficient; what kind of injury fests would we get if you asked them to play four times a week?
Basketball is also played by humans with limits. But in this sport, the news that those humans need days off, like everyone, chafes against the tradition of an 82-game season -- even though that schedule eventually devours, through injury, virtually every single star the game has ever known.
We're learning that those stars play far better and get injured far less if they rest more. As a Utah School of Medicine study found, back-to-back road games -- the circumstance that James has been in twice this season -- yields 3.5 times more in-game injuries than those played at home. Once you know that, you have a new set of choices. James wants to be in top shape four months from now in the NBA Finals; lingering near the top of minutes categories in February is no favor to the Cavs' title chances.
Consider a recent Cavs' road trip: Thursday, about 500 miles of flying to Brooklyn; Friday, play the Nets; Saturday, fly 2,500 miles to Phoenix; Sunday, play the Suns; Monday, 650 miles to Salt Lake City; Tuesday, play the Jazz and -- feeling the fatigue -- lose.
After 37 minutes of action in the oxygen-depleted Salt Lake City air, icing his body to control inflammation and with hands-on treatment from the team's pit crew, LeBron James boarded the team flight only to learn the flight might not take off at all. There was a winter weather-based state of emergency in Oregon, and the Portland airport had been shut down earlier in the night. One option? Landing the plane in Seattle and making the three-hour drive south. And NBA rules prohibited going back to the hotel and trying again to fly tomorrow.
The clock read 3:30 a.m. ET when LeBron James finally felt the plane's thrust for takeoff.
LAST SEASON, JAMES' longtime trainer and Cavs staffer Mike Mancias supplied Cavs players with a biometric tracking device called a WHOOP, and many began wearing them. How much sleep were they actually getting? How quickly did they fall asleep? How did LeBron's heart rate change when he was flying all over the country and losing sleep? What about time zones? The idea is that devices like the WHOOP will, in time, come to function like the sensors that tell Formula One racers when it's time for a pit stop.
"These athletes are a lot more cognizant now of, 'This is what I need to do to perform at a high level,'" Mancias says. In other words, as the Cavs sat on the Salt Lake City tarmac, they only had to glance at their phone screens to understand the impact of their sleepless night.
The big lesson of the Cavs wearing the devices: Every hour of sleep proved crucial for their body's ability to recover and allow heart-rate levels to regulate the next day. That's not rocket science, but it's another variable to measure and know in real time.
Mancias said one Cavs player he won't name has learned to limit himself to one glass of wine at the team dinner -- because now his WHOOP shows him that every additional pour of vino destroys his sleep.
"It's two-fold," Mancias said. "One is, alcohol can wreck the system. And two, if I'm having just one glass, I'm going to sleep at an earlier time. He said, 'OK, I can do this.'"
It's worth remembering that these are professional competitors. Naturally, the numbers on the device began to shape their behavior, and it became a competition.
"You'll have somebody competing against themselves," Mancias said. "As soon as dinner's over, some players say, 'Boom, I gotta go. You guys can hang out and talk shop all you want, but we're not solving the world's problems in one night. I'm going to bed.'"
WE ALL ACCEPT that when a car is out of gas, it can't race. Period. But with humans, the limits are fuzzier. Imagine if, when your Formula One car ran out of gas, you had the option to keep racing, but in doing so, instead of burning gas, you'd burn ... some other, unknowable, potentially crucial part of the car. Goodbye, spark plug. Say goodnight, gaskets. Lap after lap, things just start breaking down, sometimes in ways you only learn about years later.
NBA players almost all get hurt, eventually. NBA players who play the heaviest minutes get hurt even more, and not just in ways that are immediately obvious.
Mancias said a lot of players are worried about heart health, knowing that a tremendous number of retired players have had fatal heart issues. Fourteen-year vet Sean Rooks, 46, died of a heart attack during the NBA Finals last season. Longtime NBA forward Anthony Mason died of a massive heart attack on Feb. 28, 2015, at the age of 48. In the 2015 calendar year, NBA veterans Moses Malone, Darryl Dawkins and Jack Haley all died at age 60 or younger due to heart-related ailments.
"That's No. 1 right there," Mancias said. "We have to worry about these guys' health over the long term. ... Right now, we're seeing some stuff with retired players and sudden cardiac arrest. We want to see, what is the heart doing? What are the strains?"
The NBA, as part of an agreement with the National Basketball Players Association in the new collective bargaining agreement, does not allow players to wear tracking devices in games, but, per the ratified document, the two parties "will continue to discuss in good faith the use of wearables in games." James and the union's executive committee have agreed to work with the NBA to staff a wearables committee to work out key factors, such as who would have access to the sensitive health information that such devices would collect.
Players and coaches know that for one player, 30 minutes of playing time takes a bigger toll than for another player: "[Minutes] is one thing, but how hard are you playing? What are his heart rate numbers throughout that?" Mancias said. "And it could be different for a point guard to a center. With those numbers, we'd know what to do the next day, as far as recovery-wise and as far as workouts, treatment and therapy."
In the meantime, the key decision every top player faces every game is: What will the cost be -- in June, in retirement -- of playing in this depleted state? Losses, for one thing. Before the season started, Stanford researcher Cheri Mah worked with ESPN to identify "Schedule Alert" games that teams were likely to lose because of travel fatigue. (So far, the tired teams have lost 11 of 13 games, while going 4-9 against the spread.)
Data showing the value of rest to peak performance, injury prevention and long-term health is now undeniable. And players, in turn, are taking games off at historic levels. The frequency of DNP-Rests was at an all-time high last season, and it is on pace to almost double again this season. James himself has taken three games off to rest before this week -- each coming on the second night of a back-to-back on the road, where injury risk is shown to be higher. Big men such as DeMarcus Cousins, Blake Griffin and Marc Gasol are sitting out games, as are older champions, including Tony Parker, Dwyane Wade and Andrew Bogut. And increasingly -- and in keeping with the science -- so are young players. When 23-year-old Anthony Davis and 20-year-old D'Angelo Russell are taking DNP-Rests, the league has clearly gotten the memo.
But has LeBron?
THE CAVS WERE able to land in Portland, despite close to a foot of snow on the ground. Their heads hit pillows at about 4 a.m. local time (7 a.m. ET back in Cleveland). Given what we know about the impact of short sleep and long travel on the human body, this would have been a natural game for James to sit out.
Complicating matters, though, was the fact that this was a nationally televised game on ESPN and that the game was taking place in Nike's backyard in Portland. If that weren't enough, Portland fans, who had waited seven months to see James in person, wouldn't get another opportunity to see the Cavs. This wasn't just any normal game. This was business.
James played -- and delivered one of his worst games of the season, tallying as many turnovers as made field goals (five). The Cavs would ultimately lose by 16 in what Lue called "a scheduled loss" on the calendar.
Toughing it out on the back-to-back might have had other costs, as well. Love, who missed two games in late December with left knee soreness, left the game in the first quarter with an apparent left leg injury and returned only to shoot 5-of-15 on the day.
There was no time to sulk. The champs had another flight to catch to Sacramento, California, where James played again, this time in a win, before heading off to the San Francisco Bay Area to sleepwalk through a famously bad loss to the Warriors. The Warriors pounced to a 7-0 lead and never let up, beating the Cavs by a resounding 35 points, while Love limped off the floor in the second quarter with a back injury.
The game was on national television. Although there were rumors some key Cavs might sit, they ended up playing in the name of having the team at "full strength," and though the best players were on the court, exhaustion made a mockery of that idea. James shot a season-low 33 percent from the floor and registered six turnovers. Love would go on miss three games in the next three weeks due to back problems.
Fast forward to mid-February, when Love's body finally waved the white flag. After playing three games in four nights in three different cities, Love will miss six weeks to undergo a scope in his left knee -- the same leg that forced him to the locker room a month ago in the Portland back-to-back.
The road won't get easier for James, and he might feel more pressure to gut it out than he has all season. The Cavs are two games above .500 since Jan. 3, sporting a record that would be put them fourth in the West. And they're no lock to win the East. Over the past month, LeBron has averaged 39.1 minutes per game. Do that for 82 games and you're playing 3,200 minutes in a league in which it has been more than a decade since anyone has won a title after playing more than 3,000 minutes.
To be clear, it's hard to find someone who has personally invested more hours and dollars in their own well-being than James, who purchased and installed a cryotherapy chamber in his own home in 2015.
Winning a title takes hard work. But a lot of that work comes in April, May and June. James might be the King, but it doesn't make sense to be redlining months before the June finish line.
Just ask last season's Warriors.
WASHINGTON (AP) — It's rare to see the law-and-order Republican Party attack America's top law enforcement agency, which traditionally has drawn more ire from civil rights-minded Democrats.
But as special counsel Robert Mueller's Russia investigation intensifies, President Donald Trump and his GOP supporters have unleashed their fury on the FBI and Justice Department, institutions they once held sacred.
They point to what they see as a number of anti-Trump biases. Democrats say it's an effort intended to undermine Mueller's investigation into possible obstruction of justice and Trump campaign ties to election meddling by Moscow.
A look at the Republican grievances and how Democrats have rushed to defend the FBI and Justice Department:
THE CLASSIFIED MEMO
Republicans claim the FBI and Justice Department used false grounds to conduct surveillance as part of the Russia investigation. A classified memo prepared by Republicans on the House Intelligence Committee tries to make that case. The committee chairman is Rep. Devin Nunes, R-Calif., is a close Trump ally.
Committee Republicans, who hold a majority, voted this week to release the memo. That was unusual move because the committee usually goes out of its way to protect classified information.
Democrats say the memo is a selectively edited group of Republican talking points aimed at sidetracking the committee's own investigation into Russian meddling. They have prepared their own memo in response, but Republicans voted to block its immediate public release.
Trump has signaled that he wants to release the Republican document. The Justice Department is urging him not to do so, a further point of contention with congressional Republicans.
___
THE TEXT MESSAGES
The Justice Department has been turning over to Congress thousands of text messages involving an FBI agent who was removed from Mueller's team following the discovery of derogatory comments about Trump. The communications surfaced during a watchdog's inquiry into the FBI's handling of the Hillary Clinton email investigation.
Many of the texts between the agent, Peter Strzok, and an FBI lawyer, Lisa Page, included their observations of the 2016 election and sometimes colorful opinions of Trump, Clinton and other politicians. Strzok also worked on the Clinton email case; Page left Mueller's team before the texts were discovered.
Some Republicans have seized on the communications as proof that the FBI is anti-Trump and Mueller's probe is tainted. FBI Director Christopher Wray has denied that.
___
HILLARY CLINTON EMAIL
The most pronounced and long-lasting grievance took root in the summer of 2016, when then-FBI Director James Comey announced his determination that Clinton should not face criminal charges in connection with her use of a private email server.
For the majority of his extraordinary public statement at FBI headquarters, Comey appeared to be laying out a case for prosecution on charges of mishandling classified information. He criticized Clinton and her aides for being "extremely careless" with sensitive material. Comey also said that contrary to Clinton's repeated public assertions, dozens of email chains reviewed by agents contained classified information at the time they were sent and received.
Yet at the end of his announcement, Comey contended that "no reasonable prosecutor" would bring such a case in part because there was no evidence that anyone involved had intended to break the law.
The decision infuriated Republicans, not least because Comey appeared to substitute his own judgment in place of that of career prosecutors ultimately tasked with deciding whether charges were merited. Republicans were further angered because the statute that Comey cited did not require criminal intent, even though Comey said the Justice Department had historically required it for prosecution.
Several developments involving senior career FBI and Justice Department officials — among them, Attorney General Loretta Lynch's impromptu airport tarmac meeting with Bill Clinton, and campaign contributions from a Clinton ally that flowed to the wife of FBI Deputy Andrew McCabe — only fueled Republican suspicion that Clinton was afforded special treatment.
Democrats, however, see the exact opposite. They argue that Comey undermined the Clinton campaign by first criticizing her while acknowledging he didn't have a basis for charges, then briefly reopening the investigation in the final days of the 2016 campaign following the discovery of a trove of emails.
___
MUELLER'S TEAM
Republicans also have complained of political bias among the lawyers serving on Mueller's team investigating the Trump campaign and Russia.
One of the more prominent prosecutors on the team, Andrew Weissmann, ran the Justice Department's fraud section in the final years of the Obama administration. The conservative group Judicial Watch said it had obtained an email last year showing Weissmann praising Sally Yates, the former acting attorney general, for refusing to defend Trump's travel ban. That decision led Trump to fire Yates last January.
Several members of Mueller's team have made political contributions to Democratic candidates, including Hillary Clinton. But Mueller could not have barred them from serving on the team. Federal regulations and Justice Department policy prohibit the consideration of political affiliation in hiring and other personnel actions involving career attorneys.
___
URANIUM ONE
Republicans have long expressed suspicion about the sale of Uranium One, a Canadian company with rights to mine U.S. uranium, to Russia's nuclear energy agency Rosatom. They wanted the Justice Department to investigate whether the sale benefited major donors to the Clinton Foundation, raising conflict-of-interest questions.
They've had partial success in their push to drum up attention. The Justice Department advised lawmakers in November that Attorney General Jeff Sessions had directed prosecutors to look into the Uranium One sale and other mattress, and make a recommendation on whether a special counsel should be appointed.
It's unclear whether a special counsel will ever be appointed for such an inquiry. Democrats say the criticism is based on false claims and is politically motivated and note that the transaction was approved by Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States, which is composed of representatives from nine government agencies.
ADDIS ABABA, Ethiopia (AP) — President Donald Trump in a new letter to African leaders says he "deeply respects" the people of Africa and that Secretary of State Rex Tillerson will make an "extended visit" to the continent in March, his first in that role.
The letter dated Thursday is addressed to African leaders as they gather for an African Union summit this weekend in Ethiopia's capital.
U.S. diplomats have scrambled for days to address shock and condemnation after Trump's reported comparison of African nations to a dirty toilet. Trump has said he didn't use such language, while others present say he did.
Many in Africa were taken aback by the comments after nearly a year of little attention by the Trump administration to the world's second most populous continent. Concerns have been widespread over proposed deep cuts to U.S. foreign aid and a shift from humanitarian assistance to counterterrorism.
Trump's letter, seen by The Associated Press and confirmed by two U.S. officials, says the U.S. "profoundly respects" the partnerships and values shared by the U.S. and Africans and that the president's commitment to strong relationships with African nations is "firm."
The letter offers Trump's "deepest compliments" to the African leaders as they gather for Sunday's summit of their 55-nation continental body. It also notes that U.S. soldiers are "fighting side by side" against extremism on the continent and that the U.S. is working to increase "free, fair and reciprocal trade" with African countries and partnering to "safeguard legal immigration."
The letter gives no details on Tillerson's upcoming visit. A State Department official said it was expected to include stops in four to six countries.
On Friday, Trump had a rare meeting with an African leader at the World Economic Forum in Davos, Switzerland, calling Rwanda's president and new African Union chair Paul Kagame a "friend."
For his part, Kagame tweeted: "Had very good bilateral meeting with @realDonaldTrump!" The Rwandan government said Kagame had "observed that many of the world's fastest-growing economies are in Africa."
Neither side referred to Trump's vulgar comment.
But African leaders are expected to respond to Trump during Sunday's summit. The U.S. will be represented at the gathering by Ambassador Mary Beth Leonard, the U.S. envoy to the AU, instead of the traditional high-level Washington delegation.
An AU spokeswoman has said the organization was "frankly alarmed" by Trump's remark, and a number of African nations have spoken out or summoned U.S. diplomats for an explanation. Ugandan President Yoweri Museveni, however, countered by expressing his love for Trump and saying he should be praised for not mincing his words.
Dozens of former U.S. ambassadors to African countries wrote a letter to Trump expressing "deep concern" over his comments and asking him to reconsider.
The State Department's Bureau of African Affairs, in trying to calm things down, has tweeted that "the United States will continue to robustly, enthusiastically and forcefully engage" with African countries.
___
Anna reported from Johannesburg.
President Duterte on Thursday urged the military to lease out its remaining lands in Fort Bonifacio, Taguig City, to raise more funds for its modernization program.
Mr. Duterte said leasing out military land in Fort Bonifacio—the location of the headquarters of the Philippine Army and the Philippine Marines, as well as Bonifacio Naval Station—would raise “trillions” of pesos for the Armed Forces.
Wish list
ADVERTISEMENT
“This is not for sale like the others. No. No. Just lease (them out), 50 years, and you have the income,” the President said in a speech in Fort Bonifacio.
“So, aside from the regular annual budgetary needs that you have, you'd have your own wish list (like) what's the ideal helicopters, for example. You know that's very important in the insertion of troops right now in Mindanao,” he said.
“These are the things that you have to improve on. And that is my deal. I said, ‘Nobody is taking your land, it's yours. Go into a joint venture or lease it on a long-term (basis). The money that is generated would be yours.'”
The President made the statement at the installation of the Army's new commanding general, Maj. Gen. Rolando Bautista, who took over from the retired Lt. Gen. Glorioso Miranda.
Among those present were Defense Secretary Delfin Lorenzana and Armed Forces chief of staff Gen. Eduardo Año.
Army representative
Mr. Duterte said he would appoint Miranda to the board of the Bases Conversion and Development Authority in November so the military would have a representative in the agency.
The President conceded that Fort Bonifacio might have a “sentimental” value for the military but he added that it must learn to “move on.”
ADVERTISEMENT
“You can help the country by trying to look for money for your own (use). And this (land deal) could involve trillions,” he said.
Mr. Duterte said the military could transfer its facilities in Fort Bonifacio to Clark Field in Pampanga or to any other military base “that's not operating.”
“You can convert it to an ordinary camp, then with an airstrip. Just look for one. I'll give you this place, all of this with one sole condition—everything that you earn will go directly to you,” he said.
‘Our deal'
“So that's our deal. Accept it during my time. You have no other time. I will give it to you and you can fund the modernization. Buy all the equipment you need…to meet the challenges way, way ahead,” he added.
The government privatized 240 hectares of military land in Fort Bonifacio in the early 1990s to support the Armed Forces' modernization program.
VANCOUVER - A stunt woman has died following a motorcycle accident on the set of Deadpool 2 in downtown Vancouver.
The accident occurred just after 8 a.m. on Monday.
Witnesses say the woman was filming a stunt when she lost control of her bike, jumped a curb and crashed into Shaw Tower across from Canada Place.
She was treated by ambulance personnel but police say she died at the scene.
Her name has not been released.
Deadpool star Ryan Reynolds expressed his condolences to his crew member's family and friends.
Deadpool star Ryan Reynolds expressed his condolences for the death of his crew member.
“We're heartbroken, shocked and devastated... but recognize nothing can come close to the grief and inexplicable pain her family and loved ones must feel in this moment," wrote Reynolds on social media. "My heart pours out to them...."
Deadline.com reports that the stunt driver, who was not wearing a helmet, was a motocross rider who was doing her first film as a stunt performer.
"We are deeply saddened by the accident that occurred on the set of Deadpool 2this morning," 20th Century Fox spokesman told Deadline. "Our hearts and prayers are with the family, friends and colleagues of our crew member during this difficult time."
A motorcycle remains on the ground in front of a shattered-out glass window at the back of Shaw Tower. Vancouver police have taped off the area.
Stunt gone wrong at Canada place. Motorcycle stunt driver went into Starbucks. Non responsive. @WhatsFilming pic.twitter.com/TaB4yThBOh — JerFree (@jerfree) August 14, 2017
WorkSafeBC says they have five officers investigating.
Two officers are investigating to see if there are any immediate health or safety concerns, while three other officers are investigating the cause of the fatality and future prevention, said WorkSafeBC spokeswoman Trish Knight Chernecki.
Findings on any immediate health or safety concerns could be available within several days, while the investigation on the cause usually takes longer, said Chernecki.
Sharmina Kermalli said she had just walked into a Starbucks next door to where the accident happened when she heard a loud crash.
She ran out of the coffee shop and saw a woman lying with her body inside and her head outside the building.
Glass was still falling on the woman, Kermalli said.
“I was thinking, what if I was just five seconds (later),” she said, explaining that she had just walked by the spot where the crash happened.
Allan Webber was among those who came to the accident scene to watch as investigators assessed the scene then uprighted the stunt bike with its crumpled front tire.
"It's like a cursed corner," Webber said of the area, noting that just the day before the crash, one man died and two were injured in a bus accident down the street, and in 2013, actor Cory Monteith died in a neighbouring hotel.
Webber said he had previously watched the stuntwoman successfully complete a ride down Thurlow Street.
Nathan Kramchynski works on the seventh floor of the Shaw Tower and said he had been watching rehearsals of the stunt at the Vancouver Convention Centre.
The stunt woman had been riding the motorcycle down a set of stairs from the convention centre and stopped when she reached the street, he said.
When the accident happened, the driver appeared to pick up speed, crossed the street and swerved to avoid pedestrians before disappearing from his view, said Kramchynski.
“She lost control really quickly. It happened in a split second,” he said. “She was going full throttle and then there's a building there.”
He said a fire truck and police cars arrived “instantly.”
“The response was actually incredible,” he said.
The ambulance remained at the scene for about 15 or 20 minutes before leaving, he added.
According to Global News, whose TV crew witnessed the accident, the rider successfully completed the stunt four times but on the fifth try she encountered trouble with the throttle and lost control of the bike.
Deadpool 2, the sequel to the 2016 Marvel Comics blockbuster from 20th Century Fox starring Vancouver actor Ryan Reynolds, has been shooting in Vancouver since June 26. The film crew closed down downtown streets last week to film sequences involving motorcycles and scooters.
Domino, a female character played by actress Zazie Beetz, was spotted riding a black Ducati motorcycle down Hastings Street. It was the same model of motorcycle involved in Monday's accident.
Jason Cameron, a business agent with the Union of B.C. Performers said it's not known if the stunt woman was one of their members.
The UBCP represents 6,000 people who work as actors, stunt performers, singers, and voice actors.
“We're waiting for more information to come in. We would have had members on set,” said Cameron.
He said a union representative headed out to the set after hearing news of the accident. Trauma counselling will be available, he said.
Cameron said despite today's tragic accident, performing stunts is very safe.
“The nature of stunt performing is it is very dangerous but we are also talking about skilled and trained stunt performers who perform these very dangerous stunts in a safe way,” he said.
“These very complicated sequences and stunts happen on film sets all the time. (Accidents are) pretty rare considering how often stunts like this are performed. It's exceedingly rare which is a test to the skill level.”
Cameron said Deadpool 2 is a “stunt-heavy” production.
It's not the first tragedy to hit the B.C. film industry.
In 1998, local stuntman Marc Akerstream was killed when he was struck in the head by a piece of flying debris while observing an explosion on the Squamish set of the TV show The Crow: Stairway to Heaven.
Two years earlier in Squamish, 32-year-old Vancouver stuntman Keith Perepelkin died on the set of the movie Firestorm, after his parachute failed to open during a jump from a helicopter.
Last month in Atlanta, stuntman John Bernecker died on the set of The Walking Dead after he fell head-first onto concrete instead of on padding meant to cushion his roughly 7-metre fall from a balcony. His death was believed to be the first stunt-related fatality on U.S. soil in 20 years.
Meanwhile, in May of 2016, Hollywood actor Dylan O'Brien suffered a concussion and multiple facial fractures after a stunt went wrong on the set of Maze Runner: The Death Cure in Cache Creek.
WorkSafeBC put the blame for O'Brien's injuries squarely on 20th Century Fox, saying the production company "failed” to ensure the safety of workers on the Maze Runner set.
Monday's crash occurred just metres away from the site of Sunday's fatal bus accident. A charter tour bus loaded with passengers hit three people — killing one and injuring two others — on Canada Place Way, between the Convention Centre and Canada Place.
Deadpool 2 is scheduled to be released in theatres on June 1, 2018.
With files from Gord Hoekstra, Matt Robinson, The Canadian Press and The Associated Press
sbrown@postmedia.com
Twitter.com/Browniescott
Two corrections officers have been placed on leave as authorities investigate an inmate's escape from a Rhode Island detention center.
The prison warden says former Army reservist James Morales escaped Saturday by climbing a basketball hoop to reach a rooftop, cutting through a fence and climbing through razor wire.
The 35-year-old Morales remains at large.
Wyatt Correctional Center warden Daniel Martin says it took more than three hours to discover he was missing. He said two officers have been placed on paid leave.
The prison in Central Falls remains locked down as officials review procedures.
Morales is charged with stealing 16 guns from a U.S. Army Reserve Center and faces child rape charges.
Police say they believe Morales fled to Attleboro, Massachusetts, and stole a car that was found Sunday.
Ash Koosha
On Wednesday August 16th, London-based electronic musician Ash Koosha will perform in the United States for the first time via virtual reality platform TheWaveVR. Originally from Iran, Koosha is currently hindered by President Donald Trump's revised travel ban, which targets people from majority-Muslim countries and bars them from entering the United States.
Titled AKTUAL, the performance will allow fans with an HTC Vive or Oculus Rift to interact in a shared virtual reality in real time. Koosha will “perform” by altering both the music and the visuals in this virtual venue. TheWaveVR have previously served as the venue for Strangeloop/Brainfeeder, Grimecraft and Heavygrinder. The platform is available in an early beta version via Steam.
Koosha released his most recent EP, Chimera, back in July. Made from sampling songs archived at Amsterdam's Tropenmuseum, the record pays tribute to his roots while blending them with his unique, glitchy style. In January he penned an open letter after the first travel ban had been issued by executive order. In the letter, he called the ban “the outcome of petty political pandering to the detriment of thousands.” He explained that he couldn't tour behind his Ninja Tune debut I AKA I last year because his via had been delayed due to “administrative processing.”
“All of my ambitions, contributions and efforts were reduced to bureaucratic paperwork that left me feeling betrayed and burdened because of my ‘place of birth',” he says.
Koosha's performance will take place Wednesday at 7pm PDT on TheWaveVR. Watch the trailer for it below.
Janet Long: Typical Trump. He can't call out the Neo Nazis or White Supremicists because he might lose their future votes, but he can call out Kenneth Frazier, CEO of Merck, and make a snide remark about Merck's drug prices. Could it be because the former groups are loyal to him, and Frazier isn't?
By Annie Reuter
Selena Gomez may have found a new career. The singer recently unveiled a hilarious clip with Coach where she plays the role of a news anchor alongside Executive Creative Director Stuart Vevers. The 40-second snippet has Gomez perfecting her fake television laugh, discussing breaking news, reading traffic reports and much more.
Related: Selena Gomez Cast in Woody Allen's Next Project
Gomez first announced her partnership with Coach in December. In addition to filming parodies, the singer has collaborated with the brand to help design several bags, wristlets and leather accessories. For more on her collection at Coach, visit the designer's website and watch her hilarious parody below.
Here are some of the deadliest mass murders in recent Canadian history:
April 23, 2018: A man drives a white van for about a mile along a crowded Toronto sidewalk, killing 10 people and seriously injuring at least 13 others. Police arrest suspect Alek Minassian. The motive remains unclear.
Jan. 29, 2017: Six people are killed and eight injured when a man goes on a shooting rampage at a Quebec City mosque. University student Alexandre Bissonnette, who had taken far-right political positions on social media, pleads guilty.
June 4, 2015: A man uses a semi-automatic rifle to fatally shoot three Royal Canadian Mounted Police officers and wound two others in Moncton, New Brunswick. It's the deadliest attack on the Royal Canadian Mounted Police since four officers were killed by a gunman in the western province of Alberta in 2005. That attack remains the deadliest on Canadian police officers in 120 years.
Dec. 29, 2014: In the worst mass shooting in Edmonton, a man suspected of domestic violence shoots and kills six adults and two young children in two different homes before killing himself in a restaurant where he worked.
April 5, 1996: Angered by his wife's divorce action, Rajwar Gakhal kills her and eight other members of her family in Vernon, British Columbia, before shooting himself.
Sept. 18, 1992: A bomb kills nine strike-breaking workers at the Giant Yellowknife gold mine in the Northwest Territories.
Dec. 6, 1989: A man with a semi-automatic rifle storms into an engineering classroom at the Ecole Polytechnique in Montreal, asks men to leave and then kills 14 women before turning the gun on himself. Gunman Marc Lepine says he was "fighting against feminists" he blamed for his troubles.
Sept. 1, 1972: An arson attack on a downtown Montreal night club kills 37 people and injures 64. Gasoline was spread on the stairway of Blue Bird Cafe and then ignited. Most of the deaths occurred in the Wagon Wheel country-western bar upstairs. Three young men from Montreal who had earlier been denied entry for drunkenness were convicted and sentenced to life in prison.
Darryl Gray, a pastor with deep roots in civil rights activism who serves as a mentor to the unofficial leaders of the so-called Frontline protest movement poses for a photo in St. Louis, Thursday, Oct. 5, 2017. Protests have been plentiful in St. Louis since the mid-September acquittal of Jason Stockley, a white former officer who fatally shot a black drug suspect, Anthony Lamar Smith, in 2011 while still on the city's police force. Young people have been thrust into activism driven by the belief that change won't happen until the entire region is confronted with the uncomfortable reality of racism. (AP Photo by Jim Salter)
ST. LOUIS (AP) — Young people thrust into activism by the fatal police shooting of Michael Brown in Ferguson are leading a new wave of civil disobedience in St. Louis, mentored by a civil rights movement veteran and driven by the belief that change won't happen until the entire region is confronted with the uncomfortable reality of racism.
Protests have been plentiful in St. Louis since the mid-September acquittal of Jason Stockley, a white former officer who fatally shot a 24-year-old black drug suspect, Anthony Lamar Smith, in 2011 while still on the city's police force. The demonstrators have blocked traffic on a major highway, marched through shopping malls and filled the streets of upscale suburban neighborhoods.
The locations are not accidental: Leaders say all of St. Louis and its suburbs must understand the pain and frustration of the black community over police shootings and economic and educational disparities.
"Change hasn't happened yet," protest organizer Cori Bush said. "That tells us we have to keep pushing."
Bush is part of what's called the Frontline movement. It's organic enough that there are no designated leaders, but clearly some have emerged. At the top of the list are Bush, a pastor and registered nurse, and Bruce Franks Jr., one of Missouri's youngest state representatives.
The unofficial leaders, ranging in age from their early 20s to early 40s, are mentored by 63-year-old pastor Darryl Gray, who has deep roots in civil rights activism. Gray worked for nearly 40 years for the Atlanta-based Southern Christian Leadership Conference, whose first president was the Rev. Martin Luther King Jr.
Gray sees fierceness in the St. Louis protesters, and he senses they're in for the long haul.
"This is the new Selma," he said, comparing St. Louis to the Alabama city at the center of 1960s protests. "St. Louis is the heart of America. It's America's center. And the racism in St. Louis is similar to Selma where it is deeply embedded."
For many young protesters, their activism started with Ferguson, the St. Louis suburb where white police officer Darren Wilson fatally shot Brown, an unarmed black 18-year-old, on Aug. 9, 2014. A St. Louis County grand jury and the U.S. Department of Justice declined to charge Wilson. He resigned from the police force months after the shooting.
The protests that rose from Ferguson created a new mission for Bush, Franks and many others now helping to lead Frontline.
Franks, 33, has seen firsthand the horror of gun violence. He was just 6 years old when his 9-year-old brother was killed in a St. Louis gunfight in which someone used him as a human shield.
Franks, who owns an Allstate insurance franchise, became active in Ferguson "from day one" after Brown's death. He emerged as a quiet but charismatic leader and decided to run for the Missouri House. He beat an incumbent in the 2016 Democratic primary and won easily in November.
Besides selling insurance and serving as a politician, he has battle rapped using the stage name "Ooops." Franks also is founder of an organization aimed at reducing gun violence, a role that often has him working with police leaders. The latter doesn't stop him from leading protests against police or criticizing their use of chemicals and force in some of the more than 300 arrests since the Stockley acquittal.
Bush, 41, said she found her calling in Ferguson. "We became a family day after day, night after night, 24 hours a day being in the streets," she said.
While in her early 20s, Bush lived in a car with her then-husband and two young children for four months when they couldn't afford rent. She persevered and graduated from nursing school in 2008.
Like Franks, Bush's activism led to political ambitions. She ran unsuccessfully for the Democratic nomination for U.S. Senate in 2016, and is running for Congress in 2018.
It was her Senate bid that drew her mentor Gray to St. Louis. In 2015, Gray was splitting time between his civil rights duties in Atlanta and pastoring a church in Montreal when Bush sought his help in her Senate campaign. He eventually worked on the campaigns of Franks and two other St. Louis candidates, and stayed in the city.
As a judge's ruling on Stockley neared, black leaders began to organize in preparation for an acquittal. Gray was a natural fit.
"This has been my life," he said.
He jokes about his younger colleagues. "Sometimes I think: Is it like herding cats? But you can see the energy."
Gray recalled the Montgomery bus boycott of 1955 that lasted for more than a year before the Alabama city agreed to desegregate its transit system. Gray, Bush and Franks say the current protests will be just as relentless.
"We've still got a long way to go," Franks said.
___
Sign up for the AP's weekly newsletter showcasing our best reporting from the Midwest and Texas: http://apne.ws/2u1RMfv
By Hayden Wright
As a duo, Anderson .Paak and producer Knxwledge are known as NxWorries, and the pair stopped by Jimmy Fallon's show for an elaborate Valentine's Day performance. The set told the story of a man (.Paak) working to earn back trust from the ladies in his life after an act of infidelity. By the end of “What More Can I Say,” the two women have moved on with Knxwledge, giving the love parable a bittersweet twist.
Related: Watch Anderson .Paak Perform ‘Come Down' with Gospel Choir
“What More Can I Say” comes from NxWorries' album Yes Lawd! and blends whimsical symphonic elements with personal storytelling. Paak may have lost the Best New Artist GRAMMY to Chance the Rapper, but his inventive take on hip-hop is still turning heads. Watch his Tonight Show appearance with Knxwledge below.
WASHINGTON (CBSNewYork/AP) — President Donald Trump said Monday that he condemns the KKK, neo-Nazis and white supremacists, calling them “criminals and thugs.”
The president delivered a statement Monday about the deadly attack in Charlottesville over the weekend, in which authorities said an Ohio man plowed his car into a crowd of counter-protesters who'd gathered to oppose a rally by white nationalists and others.
“The Department of Justice has opened a Civil Rights investigation into the deadly car attack that killed one innocent American and wounded 20 others,” Trump said. “To anyone who acted criminally in this weekend's racist violence you will be held fully accountable, justice will be delivered. As I said on Saturday we condemn in the strongest possible terms this egregious display of hatred, bigotry and violence — it has no place in America.”
The president has come under fire for his comments Saturday that “many sides” are to blame for the violence. In those remarks, he did not single out white supremacists or any other hate group, even as Republican lawmakers and others in his White House did condemn them by name
“Racism is evil and those who cause violence in its name are criminals and thugs, including the KKK, neo-Nazis, white supremacists and other hate groups that are repugnant to everything we hold dear as Americans,” Trump said Monday. “We are a nation founded on the truth that all of us are created equal. We are equal in the eyes of our creator, we are equal under the law and we are equal under our Constitution.”
He added that those who spread violence in the name of bigotry “strike at the very core of America.”
(© Copyright 2017 CBS Broadcasting Inc. All Rights Reserved. The Associated Press contributed to this report.)
(Reuters) - Monkeys lack standing to sue for copyright protection and an animal rights group cannot act as legal guardian in such matters, a U.S. appeals court ruled on Monday, in a battle over ownership of a smiling "selfie" taken by an endangered macaque.
The dispute stemmed from a famous image that Naruto, a rare crested macaque who lives on an nature reserve, snapped using a camera that British photographer David Slater left mounted and unattended during a 2011 trip.
His grinning visage, which Slater published in a wildlife book, went viral and triggered the long-running legal battle over who had the copyright, the animal who snapped the picture or the nature photographer who owned the camera.
"The panel held that the monkey lacked statutory standing because the Copyright Act does not expressly authorize animals to file copyright infringement suits," said the judges of the 9th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals based in San Francisco.
Their opinion added that the group, People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals (PETA), which filed as a plaintiff on behalf of Naruto, was not a "next friend" of the monkey in a legal sense and failed to establish that it had a significant relationship with him.
"Denying him (Naruto) the right to sue under the U.S. Copyright Act emphasizes what PETA has argued all along — that he is discriminated against simply because he's a nonhuman animal," Jeff Kerr, the general counsel to PETA, said in a statement.
PETA had argued the monkey was the legal owner of all photos he took. But a federal judge in San Francisco ruled in January 2016 that copyright law does not apply to animals.
A settlement was reached out of court in the case last year. Attorneys for Naruto and Slater announced that Slater had agreed to donate 25 percent of future revenue from the photograph to charitable groups that protect Naruto and other members of his species in Indonesia.
It was not clear how much the photograph has been worth to Slater, who previously said that fewer than 100 copies of his self-published book had been sold, despite the publicity.
The case was brought in a U.S. court because Slater's book was available for sale in the United States.
(Reporting by Jon Herskovitz in Austin, Texas; Editing by Clarence Fernandez)
The future of Afghanistan is the focus of a panel discussion that will follow a matinee benefit performance of the Grand Theatre's A Thousand Spendid Suns on Saturday.
The play, on the Spriet Stage until March 31, portrays the abuses and struggles two women faced in the war-ravaged country during the rise to power of the Taliban and subsequent oppression of women.
Related
All proceeds from the performance on Saturday afternoon will be donated to Canadian Women for Women in Afghanistan (CW4WAfghan), a non-political, non-religious charity focused on improving education, literacy and technology for Afghan women and their families while educating Canadians about the issues the women face.
Panelists will include Murwarid Ziayee, a senior director with CW4WAfghan who spent seven years as its director in Kabul, Afghanistan, and has worked on issues related to women's rights, and, human rights activist Lauryn Oates, CW4WAfghan's programs director and an expert women's rights and education.
The Taliban regime banned women from schools, forbade them from being in public without a male relative, required them to wear burqas, and would publicly punish violators.
The Taliban is also accused of massacres, human trafficking, attacking and intimidating aid workers, and violence against Afghanistan civilians, generally.
A Thousand Splendid Suns is a play adapted from Khaled Hosseini's novel of the same name by Ursula Rani Sarma. The play premiered at San Francisco's American Conservatory Theater.
The critically acclaimed play tells the story of two women, Mariam (Deena Aziz) and Laila (Mirian Katrib), whose lives in Kabul become unexpectedly entwinedas the wives of an abusive, possessive, manipulating Rasheed (Anousha Alamian), just as the Taliban are taking control of the country.
The Grand show has an all-Canadian cast directed by Haysam Kadri, who played the abusive husband in the San Francisco production a year ago and, later, in Calgary.
jbelanger@postmedia.com
Twitter.com/JoeBatLFPress
If you go
What: Benefit performance of A Thousand Splendid Suns with proceeds to the charity Canadian Women for Women in Afghanistan
When: Saturday, 2 p.m.. (Play continues until March 31)
Where: Grand Theatre's Spriet Stage, 471 Richmond St.
Tickets: $29.95 to $84 (plus handling), available at the box office, online at grandtheatre.com or by calling 519-672-8800.
Spoiler alert: DAMN. opens with Kendrick Lamar narrating his own shooting death at the hands of a blind assailant. This seems to be a tradition amongst Los Angeles rappers: Lamar's most obvious predecessor, Ice Cube, rapped about dying at least three times on his first two albums. The shared message from both artists is that violent ends can arrive unexpectedly, especially if you're young, black and male.
It's no coincidence that Lamar decided to release DAMN. on Good Friday, a day meant to mark the death of the righteous at the hands of tyrants. Lamar isn't a Christian rapper in the conventional sense — his songs aren't in explicit exaltation of His glory — and though DAMN. is redolent with Biblical references, the temperament is decidedly Old Testament, filled with cold wrath and righteous punishments owing to the wages of sin and the blood of innocents. The tone on DAMN. is a stark contrast to the funky exuberance on Lamar's much-lauded To Pimp a Butterfly from 2015: There, he seemed to revel in a torrent of creative intensity that some found exhilarating, others indulgent. If that album was like billiard balls scattering after the break, then DAMN. wraps its focus inward, tight and layered, like a bundle of rubber bands.
Its 14 songs, all titled with brief concepts such as "FEEL.", "LOYALTY.", and "DNA.", explore dualities within both the soul and American society. In some cases, the fractures are made obvious between songs — "LUST." and "LOVE." or "PRIDE." and "HUMBLE.," for example — but even within a track, Lamar is constantly exploring conflicts and contradictions. On "DNA.," the album's first fully fleshed-out song, he raps back-to-back: "I got millions, I got riches, buildin' in my DNA / I got dark, I got evil, that rot inside my DNA." Likewise, on the nearly eight-minute marathon "FEAR.," he invites us into his anxious mindset, where there's a thin line between confidence and venality, and any hint of success also carries with it the threat of loss.
This introspection is also reflected in the mostly somber production, which departs from the meaty P-Funk influences of Butterfly in favor of more minimalist moods. At times, there's perhaps too little there; I've had the album on nonstop since the minute it came out and I still can't remember what "GOD." or "LOYALTY." sound like. But in other places, especially on "FEAR." and "PRIDE.", the soulful spareness works well with the song's themes and Lamar's understated performance. To put it a different way, Butterfly felt very music-forward, whereas DAMN. is built out of bars.
On the pre-album single "The Heart Part 4," he boldly proclaimed himself to be this era's "greatest rapper alive," and DAMN. aims to secure his hold on that title belt. Lamar's wordplay has always been intricate, but he's finding new ways to push its limits: The way he super-stacks rhyming couplets rivals Eminem in his prime, while his constant modulation of voice and pacing allows him to play different characters within a single song. The stunning closer, "DUCKWORTH,.," also burnishes his reputation as one of hip-hop's most vivid storytellers, as he tells the supposedly true tale of how his label boss, Anthony "Top Dawg" Tiffith, once came close to killing Lamar's own father 20 years ago.
Perhaps nothing suggests his position atop hip-hop's leaderboard more than the fact that, almost as soon as DAMN. came out, there was an internet-fueled rumor that since he "died" on Good Friday, it followed that he'd be resurrected on Easter Sunday via a surprise second album. (That's less outlandish a thought than it would have been a year ago, before Frank Ocean dropped Endless and Blonde on consecutive days and Future went No. 1 with two albums released a week apart — but Easter came and went with no follow-up LP.) The collective desire, if not greed, for another full-length LP right after DAMN. captures how much Lamar has electrified the music community. There's a real yearning for artists of his stature to speak truth to power, especially at a time when the powerful seem to brazenly revel in untruths.
There's a danger in putting too much weight on any entertainer to serve as a proxy for collective action. Indeed, Lamar's own fans sometimes feel moved to keep him in check — most recently in response to "HUMBLE.," in which he rolls out a lazy cliché about wanting women to be less "Photoshop." But though he can be preachy at times, he doesn't suggest he's above reproach. Rather, his songs constantly offer him up as a sacrifice to a vengeful God: never an innocent lamb, always a conflicted sinner. That's the feeling his work asks us to confront within ourselves. He's not here to provide relief or distraction. His anxieties and unease around his own foibles are meant to mirror our own — and likewise, his struggles towards salvation and redemption are lead-by-example exhortations for us to do the same work, lest we risk perishing in a damnation of our own making.
Pat Elder reveals how US military recruiters lock young people into contracts of life and death. Donate to order this gift now!
Getting out of a fancy car and escorting a date to prom is not as easy as it sounds for one high school senior. But it's possible, thanks to the generosity of a stranger.
Granbury High School senior Jeremiah Santibanez, 19, is in a wheelchair, but that is not stopping him from taking his special girl to prom on April 29. Santibanez met freshman Jessica Nickell in special education classes and the two became friends.
The question was how to get the two lovebirds to prom. Army soldier Devin Spencer saw a Facebook post about the need for a vehicle large enough for the two to travel in together to prom. One of his own children has special needs and uses a walker, so Spencer said he understood the importance of giving Santibanez and Nickell the most traditional experience possible.
So Spencer has been redecorating his shuttle van with a wheelchair lift to take Jeremiah to Jessica's door so he can escort her to the shuttle and to prom, just like a true southern gentleman should.
“It is really overwhelming in a beautiful way,” Santibanez's mother, Marie, said. “I hope this encourages other moms with disabled children to keep looking for a way because there is always a way.”
NEW YORK (AP) — The Chicago Cubs have drafted Chris Singleton, whose mother was among those killed two years ago during the shooting inside a South Carolina church.
Singleton was selected Wednesday by the defending World Series champions with the final pick of the 19th round, No. 585 overall. He is a right-handed-hitting center fielder at Charleston Southern University.
The outfielder's mother, Sharonda Coleman-Singleton, was one of nine people killed by Dylann Roof on June 17, 2015, during a Wednesday night Bible study at Emanuel AME Church in downtown Charleston, South Carolina, one of the South's first African-American churches.
Coleman-Singleton, who was 45, was a track coach at Goose Creek High School.
In a news release detailing the amateur draft, Major League Baseball says Chris Singleton was honored by the New York Yankees during the team's annual HOPE Week in 2015, “following his courageous response to the tragic shooting inside a Charleston, South Carolina church that claimed the life of his mother.”
Comments
comments
BEIRUT (AP) — The Latest on developments in Syria (all times local):
1:10 p.m.
Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim says the French president has a "flawed understanding" of Turkey's cross-border offensive in northwestern Syria.
Yildrim's remarks came in response to comments by French President Emmanuel Macron who warned Turkey against invading the northern Syrian enclave of Afrin.
Yildirim says that "the whole world knows and should know that Turkey does not operate with the mentality of an invader." The Turkish premier spoke on Wednesday during a joint news conference with visiting Lebanese Prime Minister Saad Hariri.
Turkey launched the military offensive against Afrin on Jan. 20 to drive out the Syrian Kurdish People's Protection Units, or YPG, a militia it says is an extension of the outlawed Kurdish rebels fighting inside Turkey.
Macron earlier told French newspaper Le Figaro that Turkey must coordinate with allies and that its operation must be limited to fighting terror.
___
12:10 p.m.
French President Emmanuel Macron is warning Turkey against invading a northern Syrian enclave where Ankara is battling Syrian Kurdish fighters whom it considers to be terrorists, and to respect Syria's sovereignty.
Macron says in an interview with French newspaper Le Figaro that Turkey must coordinate with allies, and that its operation must be limited to fighting terror.
Macron says he will have a discussion with Turkish president, Tayyip Recep Erdoğan, in the coming days to tell him that the military offensive against Afrin should involve talks "between Europeans, and more widely between allies, because it changes the nature of this Turkish incursion."
Turkey launched a military offensive against Afrin on Jan. 20 to drive out the Syrian Kurdish People's Protection Units, or YPG, which is says are an extension of the outlawed Kurdish rebels inside Turkey.
Macron says that "if it turned out that this operation had to take another turn than an action to fight against a potential terror threat at the Turkish border, and that it was an invasion operation, at that moment, this operation would pose a real problem for us."
___
11:30 a.m.
Rockets fired from northern Syria into a Turkish border town on Wednesday killed a teenage girl and wounded another person, Turkey's state-run news agency reported.
Anadolu Agency said two rockets were fired by Syrian Kurdish fighters in the enclave of Afrin and struck a house and a garden wall in the town of Reyhanli.
Two people were hospitalized after the attack. One of them, 17-year-old Fatma Avlar, died from her wounds, the agency said.
It was the latest in a string of rocket attacks on Reyhanli and the border town of Kilis since Jan. 20, when Turkey's military launched a cross-border operation to drive out the Syrian Kurdish militia from Afrin.
The attacks have so far killed four people, including Avlar. Two of the victims were Syrian refugees.
LOS ANGELES -- The Los Angeles Clippers want a new arena of their own and have focused in on Inglewood, California, as their future home.
The Inglewood City Council is scheduled to vote Thursday on an exclusive negotiating agreement with the Clippers to build a state-of-the-art arena on city-owned land. The 18,000- to 20,000-seat arena would be fully financed by Clippers owner Steve Ballmer, sources said. Ballmer, who is worth an estimated $31.8 billion, bought the Clippers for $2 billion in 2014.
The arena would sit on 22 acres just south of where a $2.6 billion football stadium is being built to house the Los Angeles Rams and Los Angeles Chargers. The football stadium, which is set to open in 2020, is the centerpiece of a 298-acre sports and entertainment district being built by Rams owner and real estate developer Stan Kroenke.
While Kroenke and the Rams aren't directly involved in the Clippers' plans, the addition of 41 regular-season NBA games as well as other events the arena would attract every year would come as welcome news to Kroenke, as he plans to open restaurants, stores and a hotel on his site.
The proposed agreement with the Inglewood City Council, which is expected to be approved Thursday, would give the Clippers a three-year window to complete an environmental review and other inspections before moving forward with the project. The Clippers aren't expected to break ground on a new arena anytime soon. The team's lease to play at Staples Center runs through June 2024.
The Clippers currently share Staples Center with the Los Angeles Lakers, the NHL's Los Angeles Kings and the WNBA's Los Angeles Sparks. Ballmer became agitated with the arrangement fairly early in his ownership, sources said. AEG, which owns and operates Staples Center, also owns the Kings and a piece of the Lakers. The Clippers are effectively third in the pecking order when it comes to scheduling priority and need approval for anything they would want to do in the arena physically or cosmetically.
They are the only tenant at Staples Center without a championship banner or a retired jersey. The front of the arena is littered with statues honoring great Lakers and Kings players from Magic Johnson to Wayne Gretzky. The only permanent Clippers-related tribute at the arena is the media and team member entrance. Last year that stairway was named the "Ralph Lawler Media and Team Member Entry," in honor of the Clippers' longtime play-by-play announcer.
The Forum in Inglewood was once the home of the Lakers, Kings and Sparks before Staples Center was built in 1999. The Forum was acquired by the Madison Square Garden Group in 2012 and underwent a $50 million renovation. It is now one of the premier concert destinations in Los Angeles.
Former UFC heavyweight champion Brock Lesnar has informed the mixed martial arts promotion that he is retired from competition.
The UFC confirmed Lesnar's decision Wednesday.
The decision doesn't affect Lesnar's professional wrestling career, where he has spent most of the past five years.
He returned from a 4 1/2-year MMA absence last July to beat Mark Hunt at UFC 200, but the result was overturned after Lesnar failed two doping tests. He was subsequently suspended from competition for a year by the U.S. Anti-Doping Agency, which administers the UFC's doping policy.
Lesnar's decision to retire means he has been removed from USADA's drug-testing pool, which monitors the fighters year-round.
If Lesnar decides to return to competition, he would have to serve the remaining five months of his suspension.
Project to deliver 20Tbps to PNG and the Solomon Islands
Vocus has signed an agreement with Nokia's Alcatel Submarine Networks (ASN) to roll out the Coral Sea Cable system that will connect Australia, Papua New Guinea and the Solmon Islands.
The government announced last month it had awarded Vocus a $136.6 million contract to build the new cable system. Canberra's support for the project is widely considered an effort to block Huawei from rolling out the cables.
The 4000-kilometre Coral Sea Cable system will land at Port Moresby, Honiara and Sydney.
Following completion — expected in late 2019 — PNG and the Solomon Islands will have 20 terabit per second connections to Australia.
Vocus is also delivering a domestic fibre network across the Solomon Islands.
“Building this critical infrastructure on behalf of the Australian Government will bring fast, reliable and affordable connectivity to Papua New Guinea and Solomon Islands, together with the associated economic and social benefits,” said Vocus Group CEO Kevin Russell.
ASN is also rolling out the Australia Singapore Cable on behalf of Vocus and was responsible for delivering the North West Cable System (NWCS) which is also owned by the network operator.
“We are proud to support Vocus Group with the Coral Sea Cable project,” ASN president Philippe Piron said.
“This new contract validates our approach to provide systems with ultimate performance and reliability to our customers, enabling capacity and connectivity enhancements for end-users, as we continue to expand our presence in the Asia-Pacific region.”
China announced Monday it will cut off imports of North Korean coal, iron ore and other goods in three weeks under U.N. sanctions imposed over the North's nuclear and missile programs.
China, the isolated North's main trading partner, has been reluctant to push leader Kim Jong-un's regime too hard for fear it might collapse. But Beijing is increasingly frustrated with Pyongyang and supported a U.N. Security Council ban on Aug. 5 on coal and other key goods.
The Chinese customs agency said it will stop processing imports of North Korean coal, iron and lead ores and fish at midnight on Sept. 5.
"After that, entry of these goods will be prohibited," said an agency statement.
The announcement follows an escalating exchange of angry words between U.S. President Donald Trump and Kim's government. Trump declared the U.S. military "locked and loaded" while Pyongyang threatened to fire four missiles into waters near the U.S. territory of Guam.
The latest U.N. sanctions are intended to block North Korean exports worth $1 billion — a significant share of total exports valued at $3 billion last year.
China stopped importing North Korean coal in February but total trade has risen. That prompted Trump to accuse Beijing in July of failing to use its economic leverage to stop Pyongyang's pursuit of nuclear weapons.
Other North Korean exports to China also include clothing, knitwear and plastic rain ponchos, which appear not to be affected by the latest sanctions.
Beijing had long been Pyongyang's only diplomatic defender but agreed in March 2016 to sanctions against the North following its test of a long-range missile.
Still, Chinese leaders oppose blocking all trade with the impoverished North, which they argue might cause widespread hunger.
The Chinese import cut will come the week of Foundation Day on Sept. 9, the North Korean holiday commemorating the founding of the country's government in 1948.
North Korean imports of Chinese oil, consumer goods and other products rose 36.7 percent from a year earlier in the first half of this year to 1.1 billion yuan ($165 million), according to Chinese customs data. Chinese imports from the North fell 7.6 percent in the same period to 611 million yuan ($91 million), squeezing the North's revenue.
———
General Administration of Customs of China: www.customs.gov.cn
MORRISTOWN, N.J. (CBSNewYork) — The Presbyterian Church in Morristown, N.J., is a recognizable historical landmark in the center of town, which for years has received financial support for its upkeep.
That funding may be about to end, reports CBS2's Hazel Sanchez.
“We'll still be able to maintain our buildings,” said long-time church member Walt Fleischer. “We'll still be able to fix our roofs… We just won't necessarily be able to do it to the historic preservation standards.”
The change comes after the State Supreme Court ruled unanimously to cut county grants to places of worship, saying it violates the New Jersey constitution.
“Tax dollars cannot be used for the repair or building of religious institutions,” explained David Steketee, of Madison, N.J.
From 2012 to 2015, the Morris County Freeholders generously awarded a combined $4.6 million to a dozen churches, including the Presbyterian Church, to fund repairs for historic preservation.
Steketee and the Freedom From Religion Foundation brought this separation of church and state suit to court.
“Religion has a really important role in America society but in order to preserve that, everybody has to have the right and ability to practice as they see fit – but also not contribute to other religious institutions through taxation,” Steketee said.
Ken Wilbur, the attorney representing the churches involved, says the grants were only used for secular reasons, such as improving historical aesthetics, not to promote any particular religion.
“The increased expense of doing work on these buildings that conforms with historic requirement, that's a lot more expensive,” said Wilbur.
The churches don't have to return the money they already received, but they are considering an appeal.
March 9
Burglary: Around 7 a.m. 15500 block of Huntington Village Lane
Attempted auto theft: Around 8 a.m. 4800 block of King Circle
Liquor violation: Around 8 a.m. B Lane and Warner Avenue
Domestic violence: Around noon Clay Avenue and Delaware Street
Assault: Around 3 p.m. 17600 block of Van Buren Lane
Robbery: Around 3 p.m. Edgeview Lane and Ivory Circle
Grand theft: Around 4 p.m. 200 block of 16th Street
Drunk in public: Around 5 p.m. 16500 block of Beach Boulevard. Police made at least one arrest.
Assault with a deadly weapon: Around 6 p.m. 21400 block of Magnolia Street
Robbery: Around 7 p.m. 15900 block of Goldenwest Street
Disturbance involving juveniles: Around 7 p.m. 7500 block of Edinger Avenue
Assault: Around 10 p.m. First Street and Pacific Coast Highway
Vehicle burglary: Around 11 p.m. 200 block of Main Street
Drunk in public: Around 11 p.m. 21000 block of Pacific Coast Highway. Police made at least one arrest.
March 10
Physical fight: Around 1 a.m. 100 block of Main Street. Police advised the parties involved.
Loud music: Around 1 a.m. 400 block of 12th Street
Assault: Around 2 a.m. 17700 block of Beach Boulevard
Vehicle theft: Around 3 a.m. 300 block of Main Street
Disturbing the peace: Around 10 a.m. 16800 block of Algonquin Street. Police made at least one arrest.
Vehicle burglary: Around 11 a.m. 16100 block of Parkside Lane
Assault: Around noon 5800 block of Warner Avenue
Domestic violence: Around 4 p.m. 16600 block of Lynn Lane
Assault: Around 5 p.m. 17700 block of Beach Boulevard
Assault: Around 5 p.m. 16800 block of Airport Circle
Disturbing the peace: Around 6 p.m. 200 block of Main Street. Police made at least one arrest.
Disturbing the peace: Around 11 p.m. 1100 block of Pacific Coast Highway
March 11
Vehicle theft: Around 5 a.m. 6100 block of Briarcliff Drive
Domestic violence: Around 7 a.m. 7100 block of Warner Avenue
Keep the peace: Around noon 5200 block of Bolsa Avenue. Police made at least one arrest.
Vehicle burglary: Around 2 p.m. 8200 block of Atlanta Avenue
Domestic violence: Around 3 p.m. 21000 block of Pacific Coast Highway
Burglary: Around 6 p.m. 15400 block of Salisbury Lane
Vehicle theft: Around 7 p.m. 200 block of Olive Avenue
March 12
Burglary: Around midnight 7600 block of Woodwind Drive
Vehicle theft: Around 9 a.m. 16100 block of Parkside Lane
Vehicle theft: Around 9 a.m. 7600 block of Woodwind Drive
Vehicle theft: Around 11 a.m. First Street between Orange Avenue and Atlanta Avenue
Vehicle burglary: Around 3 p.m. 8200 block of Atlanta Avenue
Grand theft: Around 3 p.m. 7700 block of Slater Avenue
Grand theft: Around 4 p.m. 16400 block of Bolsa Chica Street
Domestic violence: Around 4 p.m. 6700 block of Canterbury Drive
Physical fight: Around 6 p.m. Ash Lane and Cypress Drive
Garage burglary: Around 8 p.m. 14200 block of Spa Drive
Brandishing a weapon: Around 9 p.m. Graham Place and Heil Avenue
Assault: Around 10 p.m. 19500 block of Beach Boulevard
March 13
Loud party: Around 1 a.m. 5500 block of Edison Drive. Police advised the address.
Physical fight: Around 4 a.m. Huntington Beach Pier
Vandalism: Around 5 a.m. 16700 block of Viewpoint Lane
Vandalism: Around 6 a.m. 17200 block of Beach Boulevard
Domestic violence: Around 7 a.m. 8400 block of Edinger Avenue. Police made at least one felony arrest.
Vehicle burglary: Around 8 a.m. 8200 block of San Angelo Drive
Grand theft: Around 10 a.m. 21800 block of Newland Street
Burglary: Around 10 a.m. 21500 block of Surveyor Circle
Grand theft: Around noon 4800 block of Edgartown Drive
Brandishing a weapon: Around 2 p.m. 6400 block of Warner Avenue
Grand theft: Around 2 p.m. 700 block of Sandglass Drive
Grand theft: Around 3 p.m. 9800 block of Adams Avenue
Grand theft: Around 4 p.m. 15500 block of Goldenwest Street
Assault: Around 5 p.m. 19000 block of Beach Boulevard. Police made at least one arrest.
Assault: Around 6 p.m. 20400 block of Craimer Lane
Disturbing the peace: Around 8 p.m. 1300 block of Huntington Street. Police made at least one felony arrest.
Assault: Around 9 p.m. 16600 block of Beach Boulevard. Police made at least one arrest.
Robbery: Around 9 p.m. 9800 block of Adams Avenue
Loud party: Around 10 p.m. 16600 block of Jib Circle. Police issued a warning to the address.
Loud party. Around 11 p.m. 16800 block of Beach Boulevard. Police made at least one arrest.
March 14
Burglary: Around 2 a.m. 9000 block of Bermuda Drive
Loud party: Around 4 a.m. 7700 block of Bayport Drive. Police advised the address.
Vandalism: Around 10 a.m. 8200 block of Talbert Avenue
Assault: Around 10 a.m. 7000 block of Warner Avenue
Vehicle theft: Around noon 6100 block of Royalist Drive
Grand theft: Around 2 p.m. 8400 block of Saru Circle
Possession of altered bill: Around 5 p.m. 5800 block of Warner Avenue
Burglary: Around 6 p.m. 7400 block of Warner Avenue
Disturbing the peace: Around 7 p.m. 19700 block of Beach Boulevard
Loud party: Around 11 p.m. 100 block of Eighth St. Police issued a warning to the address.
March 15
Assault with a deadly weapon: Around 4 a.m. Edwards Street and McFadden Avenue
Vehicle burglary: Around 8 a.m. 6800 block of Glen Drive
Burglary: Around 9 a.m. 7500 block of McFadden Avenue
Vandalism: Around noon 21400 block of Brookhurst Street
Vehicle theft: Around 1 p.m. 16900 block of Algonquin Street
Grand theft: Around 2 p.m. 19000 block of Hamden Lane
Disturbing the peace: Around 3 p.m. 19400 block of Brookhurst Street. Police made at least one arrest.
Grand theft: Around 5 p.m. 20200 block of Deervale Lane
Vehicle theft: Around 6 p.m. 200 block of Main Street
Disturbing the peace: Around 10 p.m. 15500 block of Edwards Street
Police log compiled by Steven Bydal
Moscow is awaiting nearly two dozen Russian diplomats ordered to leave Britain as part of a standoff over a nerve agent attack on British soil.
The 23 diplomats are expected to leave British territory Tuesday, the Russian Foreign Ministry told The Associated Press.
The diplomats were given a week to leave Britain, an order which prompted Russia to retaliate with its own expulsion of 23 British diplomats. The British diplomats are expected to leave Moscow in the coming days.
Tensions between the two countries have ratcheted higher since the March 4 poisoning of ex-Russian spy Sergei Skripal and his daughter Yulia in the British city of Salisbury. They remain in critical condition.
Russia denies involvement, but Western powers see it as a sign of increasingly aggressive Russian meddling abroad.
Britain's National Security Council is meeting Tuesday to consider possible further measures.
British Prime Minister Theresa May and other European Union leaders are due to discuss the poisoning at a summit Thursday. The EU on Monday condemned the poisoning and called on Russia to "address urgently" British questions over the Novichok nerve agent program.
The Russian Foreign Ministry called Britain's accusations "speculative and baseless."
In a statement, it accused Britain and other EU member states of continuing development of similar nerve agents and said Britain's government is stirring up "media hysteria" around the case to distract Britons from the government's troubles in negotiating the country's exit from the EU.
Russia insists it gave up all its chemical weapons under international oversight.
The British military and police are continuing to search for clues around Salisbury into what happened. International chemical weapons experts are due to take samples of the nerve agent used, which Britain says is the Soviet-developed Novichok.
British police investigators say it may take "months" to complete the widening inquiry. The focus is on the movement of the Skripals in the hours before they were found unconscious.
Galaxy midfielder Jonathan dos Santos has been forced out of the upcoming Mexican national team friendlies due to a hamstring injury.
Dos Santos suffered the injury during the Galaxy's closed-door scrimmage Friday.
Giovani dos Santos was ruled out of the upcoming games due to a hamstring injury suffered March 10 at New York City FC.
Mexico faces Iceland on Friday and Croatia on March 27.
The Galaxy returns to action Saturday at Vancouver.
More international call-ups
Galaxy forward Ola Kamara will join Norway for its games Friday against Australia and March 26 vs. Albania.
Teammate Emrah Klimenta will join Montenegro for upcoming games against Cyprus on Friday and Turkey on March 27.
LAFC's Omar Gaber will join the Egyptian national team for Friday's game against Portugal and on March 27 against Greece.
Authorities have arrested a suspect in the stabbing death of a 75-year-old retiree more than three decades ago in Southern California.
Police in Escondido say technology led to new analysis of fingerprints from the apartment where Richard Finney was stabbed 31 times in 1986.
The San Diego Union-Tribune reported Monday that Nathan Eugene Mathis faces a charge of murder and an allegation that he used a knife in the attack. The 62-year-old retired security guard pleaded not guilty last week.
Investigators haven't named a possible motive or said whether the defendant and the victim knew each other.
Gina Turi Curry, Finney's granddaughter, tells the newspaper she burst into tears when police informed her of the arrest.
———
Information from: The San Diego Union-Tribune, http://www.utsandiego.com
WICHITA, Kan. (AP) — A transgender teacher in Kansas has been named "National Educator of the Year" by the Gay, Lesbian & Straight Education Network.
Wichita North High School music teacher Stephanie Byers came out as a transgender woman in 2014, The Wichita Eagle reported.
Byers said she decided to come out as a transgender woman just five years shy of possible retirement, despite her fears about what it could mean for her and those around her.
"There was an urgency to it, and I could no longer put it off," Byers said. "But there's still the fear, because you never know."
Byers said she didn't transition to be a pioneer or an advocate, but that she's become both.
The 55-year-old has in recent years met with school leaders, participated on panels about LGBTQ issues, talked with parents about gender identity, chaperoned a local "Day of Advocacy" and spoken at the state Capitol.
Byers said she's received "absolutely amazing" support from Wichita district officials and from North High Principal Sherman Padgett.
"People that I have never spoken to in this building came up and wrapped their arms around me to tell me how much they care for me and love me and were proud of me," Byers said. "It was very, very affirming."
Padgett said he nominated Byers for the award because she's "just an all-around great teacher and a great person."
"It would be great if we could get to the point where we can normalize the LGBTQ community," said Padgett. "She chose to live her true identity, and when that just becomes normal, that's when kids will realize they belong here just as much as everyone else."
___
Information from: The Wichita (Kan.) Eagle, http://www.kansas.com
The number of killed near the Ruhot Junction in the Negev Desert has risen to 3.
Initial investigations indicate that the accident was the result of a collision between 4 vehicles.
3 who were moderately injured are being treated at the hospital.
Route 40 near the scene of the incident is closed to traffic.
Getty Image
It's been a little over a year since Car Seat Headrest entered the popular consciousness with the release of their fantastic album Teens Of Denial. Since then, the burgeoning fan base has been clamoring for the follow-up album, and today, frontman Will Toledo and company have decided to whet their appetite by releasing a brand-new single.
Titled “War Is Coming (If You Want It)” the new song made it's debut on on Beats 1 on Apple Music today.
It's impossible to escape the allusion to John Lennon's classic “Happy X-Mas (War Is Over) from the title, and speaking to DJ Zane Lowe, Toledo described “War Is Coming (If You Want It)” as a song about, “Not murdering people.” The new track starts out pretty simply with a single, spanky bass guitar line and grows increasingly loud and complicated before crashing into a giant wave of sound during the chorus. Not a bad way to keep up their musical hot-streak.
Share This Video Facebook Twitter EMAIL
Nearly two weeks ago, the band shared an earlier mix of the song to Bandcamp for $2 a download. All of the proceeds from the song, a reported $2,000 went to the Transgender Law Center. The band later played the song live for one of the first times ever during their incredible, crowd surf-inducing set at Lollapalooza last weekend.
https://t.co/fCO1YfbhNJ WAR IS COMING (IF YOU WANT IT) out now on bandcamp, early mix, 1 day only — car seat headrest (@carseatheadrest) August 4, 2017
You can listen to “War Is Coming (If You Want It)” in the audio player above.
CBS 2Watch CBS2 News, CBS This Morning, Dr. Phil, Judge Judy, 60 Minutes, NFL football, and your favorite CBS shows. Latest Videos Eye On New York Dining Deals Tony's Table Links & Numbers Station Info & […]
WCBS 880WCBS Newsradio 880 is one of the tri-state's most trusted sources for news and information. As a market leading news resource since 1967, WCBS reaches millions of listeners each week and boasts one of the […]
1010 WINS1010 WINS invented all news radio and is the longest-running all news station in the country. For 50 years, 1010 WINS has been a news and information utility for the New York metropolitan area. Famous […]
WFANAs the world's first 24-hour all-sports radio station, WFAN remains the premier sports talk radio station in the business. Since its debut on July 1, 1987, dozens of stations have copied the all sports format, […]
WLNYProgram Schedule Channel Guide WLNY TV 10/55 is part of the CBS Television Stations group, a division of CBS Corp. and one of the largest network-owned station groups in the country. Got a nose for […]
NEW YORK (CBSNewYork) — Tenants of one Bronx building are accusing their landlord of neglect and putting him on notice.
Residents of 1841-1847 University Avenue in Morris Heights allege their landlord, Robert Khomari, has been slacking on repairs and using intimidation tactics.
“He's banking on tenants not knowing their rights,” City Councilman Fernando Cabrera said.
But residents said they're wising up. They went public Monday with a letter they said they sent to Khomari back in February, demanding timely repairs. They say the letter went unanswered.
Resident Marilyn Rivera says she and others in the building are fearful because they're threatened or offered low buyouts when they ask for repairs, which only come after multiple 311 calls.
One tenant said the cold is unbearable on nights with no heat and claims her apartment was overrun by rats when workers cut a hole to fix a gas leak and never closed it. She said that she was also offered a buyout for $2,000, which she found insulting, 1010 WINS' Sonia Rincon reported.
Xyna Brockington, whose mother used to live in the building, says residents put up with miserable conditions.
“Rodents infestation, no intercom, broken mailboxes, rental overcharges,” Brockington said.
Cabrera said he's hearing more horrific stories of harassment of low-rent tenants in the Bronx as the housing market heats up.
“They want to remove people who have been here 20, 30, 40 years,” Cabrera said.
Tenants also say Khomari has kept his violation count low by keeping out housing inspectors.
1010 WINS has reached out to the landlord for comment.
Customers may visit any Twice Daily location to get a free pair of eclipse glasses with no purchase necessary. One pair will be provided per person while supplies last.
Eclipse glasses are necessary because looking at the sun directly can cause permanent damages to your eyes. Official eclipse glasses are the glasses that conform to and meet the requirements of ISO 12312-2.
“[ISO 12312-2] are sets of criteria that were developed for any solar lenses to significantly cut infrared radiation and ultraviolet radiation,” said Dr. Ming Wang, an optometrist from Nashville.
The certified glasses were developed by NASA to assist astronauts in outer space when they had to look into the sun.
Nearby Twice Dailys can be found online at twicedaily.com/store-locator.
TORONTO — The Maple Leafs first home playoff game of their much-hyped second century belonged to the kids.
And now, so does the lead in their series against the Washington Capitals. Led by their boy band, which in turn was inspired by energizing physical shifts right before key goals, the Leafs came back to tie and eventually win 4-3 and took a 2-1 series lead before almost 20,000 fans waving ‘001' towels Monday at the Air Canada Centre.
They came back from a pair of two goal deficits had some huge penalty kills in putting Alex Ovechkin and the Presidents' Trophy winners behind the eight ball. In their first series since 1951 to open with three overtimes — anyone heard of Bill Barilko? — the winner came from Tyler Bozak at 1:37 with Lars Eller in the box, the second penalty drawn by rookie Zach Hyman, one of seven rookies in the lineup.
Five Leafs have scored their first playoff goal so far in this series, Auston Matthews and William Nylander on Monday, while Connor Brown and Zach Hyman added their first post-season points. Matthews and Nylander became the first rookies to score in the same mid-April game since Wendel Clark and Steve Thomas in 1986, the year Toronto upset first-place Chicago in the Norris Division best-of-five.
Frederik Andersen, after the first two Washington shots found their way in, stood tall on three straight power plays and stretched his right pad to deny Evegeny Kuznetsov, just before Nylander's last minute tying goal in the second period.
At the start, the crowd seemed livelier outside the ACC in Maple Leaf Square than in and there was little to get excited about when the Caps scored in their first two shots.
During 4-on-4 play when Justin Williams and Morgan Rielly went off, Nate Schmidt jumped in the rush to set up Nicklas Backstrom with the defensive pairing of Jake Gardiner and the returning Nikita Zaitsev looking flat footed. Zaitsev missed the first two games with a suspected concussion, but came back in for Roman Polak after a season ending ankle injury in Game 2. Schmidt, meanwhile, stepped in for Karl Alzner on defence, he of more than 500 consecutive starts, also shaken up in Game 2.
Then came an opening for Alex Ovechkin to step into his second of the series, a full bore drive with no one picking him up. The Leafs could not bury some fortunate bounces in Washington's zone and were starting to fire away in desperation, notably hot shooter Nylander.
But a take-charge shift by Nazem Kadri and Leo Komarov changed the tone of the game. It started with a healthy run by Kadri at Brooks Orpik, whose hit had accidentally injured Polak. While they went back and forth, Komarov decided he'd had enough of KHL buddy Ovechkin throwing his weight around, giving him a jolt and a few whacks for good measure.
The next line over the boards were the kids, Matthews, Nylander and Hyman, all without a point through about nine periods when overtime was factored in. Matthews took a magic bullet shot off John Carlson's foot, Schmidt's body and then bouncing into the slot where he knocked it in. If you believe Matthews is destined for greatness, he's now 75 points behind Doug Gilmour for the franchise post-season points lead.
Kuznetsov made it 3-1 and it looked gloomy for the Leafs with a full 5-3 to kill after Matt Martin and the fourth liners got into a scrum with their Capital counterparts. But not only did Washington not find the desired one-timer, Mitch Marner had a chance at a breakaway as Martin and Matt Hunwick came out of the box and the Caps were caught on a change. But before Marner could catch up to the pass, Braden Holtby slid out almost to the blue line to knock it away.
The Leafs also had to kill a too-many-men penalty, again thwarting Washington's big guns. Toronto's fourth line came out for revenge and got the Leafs and the building fired up again, leading to Kadri's shot off Orpik as he battled Connor Brown. With less than a minute to go, Hyman cleared a path with a big hit, allowing Matthews to centre for Nylander, who buried his own rebound.
lhornby@postmedia.com
Transcript for Republican Sen. John McCain says the Trump administration is in 'significant disarray'
You can imagine the reaction pouring in from Democrats and Republicans. Republican senator John McCain saying this is an administration in significant disarray. ABC's Mary Bruce tonight. Reporter: Amid growing question about the Trump team's ties to Russia, from senate Republicans tonight, deep concern. Obviously there's an administration that's in significant disarray as far as national security is concerned. Reporter: Top Republicans like senate majority leader Mitch Mcconnell say it's, quote, highly likely, the senate will investigate Michael Flynn's conversations with Russian officials. Will you call on Flynn to testify? We won't exclude that. Reporter: But some Republicans are more reluctant. That seems to have resolved itself with the White House taking some decisive action. Reporter: Congressman Jason Chaffetz, the chair of the house oversight committee, vigorously led the investigation into Hillary Clinton's e-mails, but says he has no plans to investigate Flynn's ties to Russia. We've been asking for months for basic oversight. Our chairman Jason Chaffetz has not lifted one finger. Reporter: Chaffetz is, however, investigating whether white house counselor kellyanne Conway crossed a line by promoting Ivanka Trump's brand on television. She is just -- it's a wonderful line. I own some of it. I'm going to give a free commercial here. Go buy it online! Reporter: Today, the office of government ethics said there is "Strong reason to believe" Conway violated ethics rules and recommended "Disciplinary action against her." This as Chaffetz demands answers into these pictures -- the president and the Japanese prime minister at Mar-a-Lago, huddling with advisors after learning North Korea launched a missile, club members witnessing it all, some posting pictures on Facebook raising security questions. So you'll look at Mar-a-Lago, you'll look at kellyanne Conway and the ivanka brand, but not the Trump team's ties to Russia? At this point, I am holding out all my options. Holding out options, Mary Bruce. Live on the hill tonight, and how likely is it we'll see general Flynn called to the hill to testify? Reporter: Through growing calls to call him to testify, and the chair of intelligence committee says he plans to cast a wide net in this investigation looking into all contacts between the Trump team and the Russians, David. Mary Bruce on capitol hill for us. Mary, thank you.
This transcript has been automatically generated and may not be 100% accurate.
TAIPEI (Taiwan News) — A Taiwanese vlogger posted a social experiment on YouTube testing if travelers can communicate with the average person in Taipei in English.
Ya Ting Yu, 26, known as Iris Virus on the internet, is a digital marketer and photographer who resides and works in Taipei City. Iris is often asked by her YouTube subscribers if the Taiwanese speak much English. Therefore, she decided to make a video to figure out the answer of her own.
In the video, she posed as a tourist and asked people in Taipei for directions and food menus in English.
She first asked the information center in a metro station and the counter in the department about directions. Both service people answered her questions in English immediately.
She then approached a Taiwanese woman and a man on the road and asked them how to travel to her destination again. The two Taiwanese quickly understood what she said and pointed out the directions for her.
After the successful experiences about asking directions, Iris tried to order drinks and food in the shops. A clerk from a tea stand introduced to her their most popular drink and explained the menu to her in English, while another clerk from a bun shop described all the products they have to her.
After the social experiment, Iris was very impressed by the English ability of ordinary Taiwanese. She successfully arrived at her destination, bought a delicious pork cabbage bun and a cup of green tea without a word of Mandarin. She invited all the video viewers to come to Taiwan and visit the friendly country.
Many viewers left positive messages below video. Viewers Angie Yu and WH Lin said they were really surprised by the English ability of the bun vendor. E Sky said the video is better than any other videos from Taiwan Tourist Bureau. Henrik Matzen thought the video shows the always wonderful and friendly nature of the Taiwanese people.
It would be interesting to conduct a similar experiment in other cities in Taiwan and rural areas in the south, where far fewer tourists venture.
ATHENS, Ohio (AP) — Ohio University's journalism school is rescinding an award given to a former Alabama newspaper executive who recently resigned following allegations that he assaulted female newsroom employees in the 1970s by spanking them.
Because of those accusations, faculty at the E.W. Scripps School of Journalism voted in January to rescind H. Brandt Ayers' 2011 Carr Van Anda Award, the school's highest honor.
Ayers had stepped down as chairman of the board of Consolidated Publishing Co. earlier in January. He has said he regrets things he did when he was younger.
At least three women have said Ayers assaulted them in the mid-1970s when he was an executive at The Anniston Star. Ayers became a nationally known voice of Southern liberalism during his tenure as editor and publisher at the newspaper.
LONDON--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Apr 24, 2018-- market research analysts forecast the to grow at a CAGR of above 43% during the period 2018-2022, according to their latest report.
This press release features multimedia. View the full release here: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180424006443/en/
Technavio has published a new market research report on the global artificial intelligence market in education sector from 2018-2022. (Graphic: Business Wire)
In this report, Technavio highlights the increasing emphasis on chatbots as one of the key emerging trends driving the . Chatbots have the ability to perform multiple functions such as answer queries and intelligently converse with students by replying to their emails. Globally, the increasing inclusion of chatbots in schools and colleges, is one of the major factor driving the growth of the market. Research on the applicability of chatbots are creating new opportunities for players in the market due to the increasing scope of chatbots.
This report is available at a USD 1,000 discount for a limited time only:
Save more with Technavio. Buy2 reports and get the third for FREE:
In this report, Technavio analysts highlight the increased adoption of ITS and IAL systems in the education sector as a key factor contributing to the growth of the global artificial intelligence market in the education sector:
Increased adoption of ITS and IAL systems in the education sector
The continuous innovation and increase in the number of ITS is one of the major factors catering to the growth of the market. A typical ITS is being used in many schools and colleges globally as it can interact with students without human intervention. Additionally, ITS can identify the student learning patterns and levels of understanding. Even though these systems are not available at a commercial level, with rapid advances in technology, they are expected to become prominent during the forecast period.
According to a senior analyst at Technavio for , “In a conventional IAL software, the AI software embedded in the content tracks student interactions with the system and collects data that includes the milestones and credits achieved by the students. In terms of feedback, this data is reported to the student, the teachers, and educators. AI entails machine learning algorithms that create patterns from data and provide insights and feedback to teachers. Such insights and feedback allow teachers to identify the gaps in teaching and determine the area in which students are struggling with the subject matter, thereby augmenting the growth of the AI market in the education sector.”
Looking for more information on this market?
Technavio's sample reports are free of charge and contain multiple sections of the report such as the market size and forecast, drivers, challenges, trends, and more.
Global artificial intelligence market in the education sector – segmentation analysis
This market research report segments the global artificial intelligence market in the education sector into the following end-users, including higher education sector and K-12 sector and key regions, including the Americas, APAC, and EMEA.
Of the two major end-users, the higher education sector segment held the largest market share in 2017, accounting for nearly 67% of the market. The market share for this end-user is expected to decrease nearly 2% by 2022. The fastest growing end-user is K-12 sector, which will account for nearly 35% of the total market share by 2022.
The Americas was the leading region for the in 2017, accounting for a market share of nearly 50%. By 2022, APAC is expected to register positive growth.
About Technavio
is a leading global technology research and advisory company. Their research and analysis focuses on emerging market trends and provides actionable insights to help businesses identify market opportunities and develop effective strategies to optimize their market positions.
With over 500 specialized analysts, Technavio's report library consists of more than 10,000 reports and counting, covering 800 technologies, spanning across 50 countries. Their client base consists of enterprises of all sizes, including more than 100 Fortune 500 companies. This growing client base relies on Technavio's comprehensive coverage, extensive research, and actionable market insights to identify opportunities in existing and potential markets and assess their competitive positions within changing market scenarios.
If you are interested in more information, please contact our media team at .
View source version on businesswire.com:https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180424006443/en/
CONTACT: Technavio Research
Jesse Maida
Media & Marketing Executive
US: +1 844 364 1100
UK: +44 203 893 3200
www.technavio.com
KEYWORD:
INDUSTRY KEYWORD: EDUCATION PRIMARY/SECONDARY UNIVERSITY TECHNOLOGY INTERNET SOFTWARE
SOURCE: Technavio Research
Copyright Business Wire 2018.
PUB: 04/24/2018 03:06 PM/DISC: 04/24/2018 03:06 PM
http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180424006443/en
Ichiro Suzuki received a rousing ovation Monday for his first at-bat in Safeco Field as a member of the 3,000-hit club.
The Japanese star spent his first 11 1/2 American seasons with Seattle, getting 2,533 hits before heading to the New York Yankees and Miami Marlins.
He batted ninth for Miami on Monday in his first appearance at Safeco since June 12, 2014, when he was with the Yankees.
With the Mariners leading 3-0, Suzuki grounded out to second to end the third inning.
The 43-year-old got his 3,000th career hit last season, and the Mariners had a pregame video tribute for him on the scoreboard, followed by an introduction at home plate with several former Seattle teammates. Suzuki also had 1,278 hits in nine seasons in Japan.
Suzuki entered with one hit in 12 at-bats this season.
Tuesday - Thundery showers mainly over northern and eastern Singapore in the afternoon.
Wednesday - Late morning and early afternoon thundery showers.
Keaton Jones
Keaton Jones' pleas to his mother of why a person would ever bully someone else captured the broken hearts of a nation as the clip went viral. People from all walks of life shared Keaton's tearful words, and celebrities from Snoop Dogg to Cardi B and nearly the whole WWE roster wanted Keaton to know that things get better. Even LeBron James invited him to a Cavs practice.
As the video continued to pick up steam, the Tennessee Titans football team organized a meeting with the teen, and Captain America himself, Chris Evans, invited him to the premiere of Avengers: Infinity Gauntlet.
Transcript for 3 killed, 2 hurt in San Francisco UPS facility shooting
As well as we all know we had a tragedy here earlier this morning. Word gunman opened fire. Injury. Five people and taking his own life. Out of the five. Out of the five I'm sorry again five people injured. Three of succumbed to injuries a fourth the gunman killed himself and two are still being treated for gunshot wounds.
This transcript has been automatically generated and may not be 100% accurate.
The Buzz is the Register's weekly political news column.
Californians may not be overwhelmingly opposed to the new gas tax after all.
The 12-cent-per-gallon hike — which starts Nov. 1 — combines with an increase in car registration fees to pay for $5.2 billion in annual transportation improvements for the next 10 years. The plan, signed into law by Gov. Jerry Brown last April, has drawn two nascent efforts to qualify ballot measures that would repeal the new taxes and fees.
The repeal efforts had been looking promising in the wake of a June poll from UC Berkeley, which show 58 percent of voters opposed Brown's project, while only 35 percent supported it.
Related Articles Pro-business groups battle Republicans over California gas tax
Judge rewrites ballot description for gas tax measure
Roll back new gas tax hike? A second ballot measure is in the works
Partisans load both barrels in battle over gas tax But a new poll by Newport Beach-based Probolsky Research flips those numbers. It asks voter about one of the proposed ballot measures to repeal the plan and found that 35 percent wanted it repealed and 54 percent didn't.
Those overseeing each poll both defended their approach and results, saying the primary difference between the two surveys was how the question was asked. Otherwise, differences in methodologies and sample sizes for the two polls appear relatively minor. Neither poll was paid for by a special interest involved with issue.
The Berkeley poll, commissioned by the school's Institute of Governmental Studies, uses an 85-word question that details the new costs to taxpayers: 12 cents per gallon — and 16 cents per gallon for diesel — and a vehicle license fee hike ranging from $25 to $175, depending on the value of the car.
The Probolsky Research poll gives no specific taxpayers costs in its 63-word question, instead using the court-ordered title of the ballot measure proposed by Assemblyman Travis Allen, R-Huntington Beach: “Repeals recently enacted gas and diesel taxes and vehicle registration fees. Eliminates road repair and transportation programs funded by these taxes and fees.” It then asked voters whether they would vote “yes” or “no”.
Mark DiCamillo, director of the Institute of Governmental Studies and former director of the Field Poll, pointed out that his question was more specific in the information it provided voters.
Adam Proboblsky, president of Probolsky Research, acknowledged that such details can influence the respondents' answers.
“We polled the actual language that voters will see,” he said. “Sure, there will be millions spent on the campaign trying to message it, but the actual language is what pollsters poll to determine the outcome. … I believe voters are most concerned about the second sentence in the title: ‘Eliminates road repair and transportation programs…'”
DiCamillo, who polled before Allen's measure had an approved title, noted that Probolsky's question “doesn't make any mention of the actual effect on individuals when they go to the pump. It really boils down to what the voters are responding to.”
DiCamillo also noted that voters haven't yet experienced the tax and fee increases, which could also influence whether they support the measure.
Governor coming to town
The gas tax is yet one more issue that breaks along partisan lines: The Berkeley poll found 50 percent of Democrats supported it but just 18 percent of Republicans thought it was a good idea. (Probolsky's poll didn't break down results by party.)
The GOP has targeted state Sen. Josh Newman, D-Fullerton, for a recall based on his vote in favor of the tax and accompanying transportation project, and because he's in a swing district formerly held by a Republican. And you can probably count on Republicans also using the gas tax against Assemblywoman Sharon Quirk-Silva, D-Fullerton, in her reelection bid next year.
Both Democrats votes were essential to reaching the two-thirds majority approval needed. Quirk-Silva is also in a swing district formerly held by a Republican.
So it's not surprising that the governor, the leading advocate of the new transportation project, is stumping for both lawmakers. Brown held a fundraiser for Newman in May and has vowed the senator will have “whatever he needs” to beat the recall by Republicans, whom the governor has called “freeloaders” for not wanting new taxes to pay for road improvements.
Brown will be holding a fundraiser for Quirk-Silva on Oct. 17 at D'Vine Restaurant in Fullerton. Tickets start at $100.
Bi-partisan unity
And now, a moment of bi-partisan unity to close out today's column.
Irvine's bid for Amazon's new headquarters has been endorsed by two Democratic and one Republican Congress member as well seven Republican and all three Democratic state legislators.
“I think in a day of hyper-partisanship, it is refreshing to see folks find common ground in elevating Orange County's profile,” said Lucy Dunn, president and CEO of the Orange County Business Council.
THE HAGUE, Netherlands (AP) — Dutch bank ABN Amro says its underlying net profit, which strips out exceptional items, rose 23 percent in the fourth quarter of 2016 to 333 million euros ($351 million).
The bank, which has been restructured and re-privatized following its bailout by the Dutch government in 2008 during the global financial crisis, said Wednesday that operating income for the fourth quarter rose 7 percent to 2.2 billion euros ($2.3 billion).
CEO Kees van Dijkhuizen says that in the last quarter the bank "achieved loan growth in all of our major loan books: we were the number one provider of new mortgages in the Netherlands for the second consecutive year."
Recycled plastic shoes on the run
Image: Parley/Adidas
Adidas has now sold more than a million pairs of its trainers made from recycled ocean plastic.
The firm started its collaboration with eco-group Parley in 2016 – the two organisations expanded their joint product to a full line of shoes and shirts in 2017.
Each pair of the shoes is made from 11 recycled plastic bottles, with the laces, heel linings and sock liner covers created out of a range of other recycled materials.
The BBC, along with a range of other groups, has announced it will ban all single-use plastics from its operations by 2020.
by Robert Eidson
Linesides fishing is GREAT! The spawn run is almost over. Most of the fish are back on the main lake and are starting to set up on a summer pattern. Big schools of hybrids can be found anywhere from the S-turns to as far south as Tanyard Creek. The down rod bite is the most productive bite going on the lake right now. Fishing live shad at depths from 20 – 30 feet is producing for our boats from one end of the lake to the other. Our bait of choice has been big thread fins with small gizzards running a close second. These fish can be found on your Lowrance on or around most points, humps and flats. Good electronics can be a big help during the summer months.
Summer time is awesome for numbers on Lake Allatoona, so give us a call at 770-827-6282 and let's take the kids fishing.
INDIANAPOLIS (AP) — President Donald Trump's pick to oversee Medicare and Medicaid advised Vice President Mike Pence on health care issues while he was Indiana's governor, a post she maintained amid a web of business arrangements — including one that ethics experts say conflicted with her public duties.
A review by The Associated Press found Seema Verma and her small Indianapolis-based firm made millions through consulting agreements with at least nine states while also working under contract for Hewlett Packard. The company holds a financial stake in the health care policies Verma's consulting work helped shape in Indiana and elsewhere.
Her firm, SVC Inc., collected more than $6.6 million in consulting fees from the state of Indiana since 2011, records show. At the same time, records indicate she also received more than $1 million through a contract with Hewlett, the nation's largest operator of state Medicaid claims processing systems.
Last year, her firm collected an additional $316,000 for work done for the state of Kentucky as a subcontractor for HP Enterprises, according to documents obtained by AP through public records requests.
In financial disclosures posted this week, Verma reported she has an agreement to sell SVC Inc. to Health Management Associates of Lansing, Michigan, within 90 days of her confirmation.
In a statement, a spokesman for Verma said there was no conflict of interest and added that she has the support of former officials who served with her under Pence.
Her firm was "completely transparent in regards to its relationship with HP and that there was never a conflict of interest," spokesman Marcus Barlow said in a statement.
A spokesman for Pence did not respond to a request for comment.
Verma faces a Senate Finance Committee hearing on Thursday. Democrats in Washington are aware of many of her consulting arrangements, and have broader concerns about her philosophy about government entitlement programs, lack of background in Medicare and inexperience leading a large organization.
As a trusted adviser to Pence, she had an office in the state government center and took on duties usually reserved for state administrators. Verma was also widely respected for her grasp on policy and designed a federal Medicaid waiver that allowed Pence to undertake his own conservative expansion of the program while still accepting money made available through the Affordable Care Act.
Verma did not specifically address how she would handle decisions related to HP in a letter to the Department of Health and Human Services that was released this week. The letter outlined her plan for managing potential conflicts of interest should she be confirmed by the Senate to lead the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services. Her relationship with HP was first reported by the Indianapolis Star in 2014.
Legal and ethics experts contacted by AP say Verma's work for Hewlett, and offshoot HP Enterprises, raised questions about where her loyalties lay — to the company, or to state taxpayers.
Richard Painter, former President George W. Bush's chief ethics lawyer, called Verma's arrangement a "conflict of interest" that "clearly should not happen and is definitely improper."
Such arrangements are typically prohibited for rank-and-file state employees under Indiana's ethics rules and laws, but they're murkier when it comes to consulting work. Contractors have often replaced state employees in a GOP bid to drive down the number of public employees, distinctions between the two can be hard to discern.
"She was cloaked with so much responsibility and so much authority, people thought she was a state employee," said Debra Minot, a former head of Indiana's Family and Social Services Agency under Pence who worked with Verma.
Indiana University law professor David Orentlicher compared Verma's dual employment to an attorney who represents both the plaintiff and the defense in a lawsuit. It's also similar to federal contract negotiator with a side job for a company they regularly negotiate with, he said.
"If you have one person on both sides of the negotiating, they can't negotiate hard for both sides," said Orentlicher, a former Indiana Democratic state lawmaker.
There was at least one instance where Verma crossed the line in Indiana when she was dispatched by HP to help smooth over a billing dispute, said Minot.
"It was never clear to me until that moment that she, in essence, was representing both the agency and one of our very key contractors," said Minot, who was removed as head of the agency by Pence over her disagreements with Verma. "It was just shocking to me that she could play both sides."
State contracts show Verma's duties to Indiana and Hewlett have overlapped at times. One agreement she held with the state's social services agency required her to "provide technical assistance" to state contractors, as well as the governor's office. Another duty was "contract development and negotiation" with vendors, which included HP and HP Enterprises
Verma reported her salary with SVC is $480,000 and her business income from the company as nearly $2.2 million.
___
Johnson reported from Chicago.
In his multibook series They Drew as They Pleased: The Hidden Art of Disney's Late Golden Age, Disney historian Didier Ghez has performed his own Indiana Jones act, delving into the recesses of the Mouse House's storied animation archives to unearth the rarest of cinematic treasures. With the third volume coming out next week, Ghez gave Yahoo Entertainment a sneak preview of his archaeology, stunning artwork created for Disney features and shorts in the 1940s, including such masterpieces as Dumbo, Fantasia, Bambi, and Alice in Wonderland.
“Half of the pieces in the book come from the Disney vault and half from the collection of the families of Disney artists. More than 90 percent of them had never been seen before in book form,” Ghez says. “Most of them had not been seen by anyone outside of the Disney Studio in more than 75 years.
“Rescuing these pieces of art created by some of the most talented artists of the 20th century is immensely rewarding.”
Contained here are illustrations for “The Mouse's Tale,” a scene from Dumbo that was ultimately cut from the film, as well as the image Ghez calls “the most exceptional document featured in the book.” Click through to see.
They Drew as They Pleased: The Hidden Art of Disney's Late Golden Age: The 1940s — Part Two (Chronicle Books, $45) will be available on Oct. 10.
The Bloemfontein franchise taking part in the inaugural T20 Global League will officially be known as the Bloem City Blazers.
The team, which is owned by Hong Kong-based City Group, will be represented by the bold colours of red and yellow, colours of good luck and vitality, and synonymous with their existing brand identity. The logo is highlighted by a flowing flame on the backdrop of a cricket player, two elements that will merge to set the tournament alight with excitement.
The team's vision is built on the spirit of togetherness, which comes to life in the team motto ‘Be a part, Stand apart'. This inclusive motto will be central towards the team's vision and mission on and off the field throughout the tournament.
Mr Sushil Kumar, owner of the team, says, ‘he hopes the team identity is one that all South Africans and cricket fans all over the world will grow to love and support.
‘We want to become part of the local community through the game of cricket,' he said. ‘We want to promote the spirit of true sportsmanship and fair play, while at the same time creating a unique identity through our focus on performance and development.
‘Our mission is to be the most loved team of the Global T20 League. All the teams will obviously want to win the tournament, but we also want to win the hearts and minds of our fans, supporters, sponsors and even our competitors. Our players, coaches and support staff are selected purely based on merit and performance.'
David Miller will be the franchise's local marquee player, with the tournament's player auction set to take place on 26 August.
The Cape Town Knight Riders are the only other franchise to have confirmed their team name so far.
By Megan Bianco
July 25 marked the 50th anniversary of the three murders at the Algiers Motel in Detroit. So it was purposely chosen as the premiere date of the new biopic made on the incident. The film, simply titled Detroit, had everything going for it. An Oscar-winning director in Kathryn Bigelow, a Star Wars lead in John Boyega, critical darling Will Poulter, etc. But surprisingly, the feature is a huge mixed bag of emotions.
The movie begins with a history recap on the riots that were building up between oppressed black locals of Detroit and the white citizens, particularly the white policemen. One cop in particular, Phil Krauss (Poulter), is just looking to pick a fight. He gets his moment when a gunshot is heard by a local motel and his squad takes advantage of the situation and harasses seven black men—played by Algee Smith, Jacob Latimore and Anthony Mackie as a few—and two young white women—portrayed by Kaitlyn Dever and Hannah Murray.
Boyega appears as the only black policeman at the scene. Detroit's biggest weakness is ultimately the script. This is a shock, as it's the same writing-directing team who brought us successes The Hurt Locker (2008) and Zero Dark Thirty (2012): Mark Boal and Bigelow. Some of the dialogue is unpredictably corny and the pacing feels off during the first and third acts. The themes are filmed too on-the-nose, especially in our current political climate. Still, the performances, especially from Poulter and Smith, make it worth a viewing.
LOS ANGELES (AP) — The Latest on a man accused of buying high-powered rifles used in the San Bernardino terror attack agreeing to plead guilty to federal criminal charges (all times local):
4:45 p.m.
A California woman whose boyfriend was among those killed in the terror attack in San Bernardino says a plea agreement for a man accused of buying the high-powered rifles used in the shooting brings mixed emotions.
Court papers released Tuesday say 25-year-old Enrique Marquez Jr. agreed to plead guilty to conspiring to provide material support to terrorists and lying when he purchased two rifles used in the 2015 attack.
Mandy Pifer's boyfriend, Shannon Johnson, was among 14 people killed in the attack at the Inland Regional Center.
Pifer said she's relieved the case against Marquez won't drag out with a long trial but nothing will bring her boyfriend back. She's planning to speak at Marquez's sentencing.
___
3 p.m.
Court records say a man accused of buying high-powered rifles used in the San Bernardino terror attack has agreed to plead guilty to federal criminal charges.
The documents released Tuesday say Enrique Marquez Jr. has agreed to plead guilty to conspiring to provide material support to terrorists and one other charge.
Prosecutors say Marquez acknowledged plotting with Syed Rizwan Farook in 2011 and 2012 to massacre college students and gun down motorists on a gridlocked freeway. Those attacks never occurred.
Authorities said Marquez purchased the guns used by Farook and his wife, Tashfeen Malik, in the Dec. 2, 2015, attack in which 14 people were killed at a public health agency event before the suspects died in a gunfight with police.
TAIPEI (Taiwan News) — As of Saturday, 18 master chefs bake-it-out at the Masters Boulangerie bread baking competition in Paris, including three Taiwanese contenders, reported CNA.
Only 18 bakers from across the world rose to the top for this exclusive competition and each is competing for the title of WORLD MASTER BAKER.
(Image from Masters de la Boulangerie Facebook)
Chefs will compete in one of the three categories: Nutritional Bread Making, Gourmet Baking, and Artistic Bread Making. Taiwan is the only country represented in each category.
(CNA image)
So far Taiwanese baker Hsieh Chung-yu (謝忠祐) has competed in the Nutritional Bread Making section.
(Image from Masters de la Boulangerie Facebook)
Chung wowed judges with his complex butterfly loaf. He used beetroot powder and cocoa to create intricate color variations in the butterfly wings.
(Image from Masters de la Boulangerie Facebook)
Chung told CNA that he has been preparing for this competition for over nine months and it was not until two months ago that he decided upon a strategy for the competition.
The coming days will see Chen Yu-chich compete in the Gourmet Baking category and Wang Peng-chieh compete in the Artistic Bread Making category.
(Image from Masters de la Boulangerie website)
(Image from Masters de la Boulangerie website)
(Image from Masters de la Boulangerie website)
WASHINGTON (AP) — A prominent Washington lawyer who authored a report that's a key part of the special counsel's investigation into Paul Manafort has left his law firm.
Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher & Flom confirmed Tuesday that Greg Craig, a former White House counsel under President Barack Obama, is no longer with the firm. His biography has been removed from the law firm website. The firm didn't immediately comment beyond confirming his departure.
Craig wrote a report funded by the Ukrainian Ministry of Justice about the trial of a former Ukrainian prime minister.
That report is cited in the indictment against Manafort, President Donald Trump's former campaign chairman. Manafort is accused of using offshore accounts to secretly funnel more than $4 million to fund the report.
Craig is not accused of any wrongdoing.
By Tim Ghianni
NASHVILLE, Tenn. (Reuters) - Police on Monday arrested the man suspected of fatally shooting four people at a Waffle House restaurant, ending a 36-hour manhunt after tips from the public led police to search secluded woods nearby.
Photos posted online by Nashville police showed Travis Reinking, a 29-year-old construction worker, in custody. He was suspected of opening fire with an assault rifle at the restaurant early Sunday then fleeing the scene naked.
Photographed in the back of a police car, he looked disheveled and was wearing a torn red shirt and dirty blue jeans. He had scratches on his shoulder.
No motive was known for the attack that sent shudders through one of the biggest cities in the U.S. South and stoked a simmering national debate on gun control.
Reinking, who had a pistol and ammunition in a backpack when he was arrested, was not talking to police. He will be booked on four counts of criminal homicide, authorities said.
More than 150 city, state and local law enforcement agents searched for the gunman, who has had a history of bizarre behavior, delusions and multiple encounters with authorities, including an episode in Washington in July 2017 when he was arrested for trying to get into the White House, according to police records.
"We need to move on as a community and do what we can to curb this violence," Nashville Mayor David Briley told a news conference near the Waffle House, describing the attack as a tragedy.
Tips from people in the neighborhood helped lead police to search through the woods about two miles (3 km) from the restaurant using sniffer dogs on the ground and aircraft overhead.
Metropolitan Nashville police Lieutenant Carlos Lara said as soon as a detective saw Reinking and ordered him to get on the ground, the suspect cooperated.
"He did not try to run," Lara said at the same news conference.
In addition to the four deaths, two people were injured in the attack.
Police said they planned to take the suspect to a hospital for evaluation before he is booked.
Reinking was from Illinois before moving to Nashville. After the White House incident, Illinois authorities revoked his license to carry concealed weapons.
After that, Reinking's father had told police he would lock up his son's guns, which they said included the rifle used in the Waffle House shooting. But the father returned the weapons to his son, Nashville police said on Sunday.
Marcus Watson, an agent with the U.S. Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives, said Reinking's father, Jeffrey, could face federal charges if he knowingly transferred weapons to a person who was prohibited from owning them. The father was not immediately available for comment.
The killings in Tennessee's capital were the latest in a string of high-profile U.S. mass shootings in which a gunman used an AR-15 style rifle. These include a Feb. 14 mass shooting when a former student killed 17 people with an AR-15 at Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School in Parkland, Florida.
In the area near the Nashville Waffle House, local resident Sheryl Friend, a woman in her 60s, said there was a sense of relief. "Everybody was taking precautions," she said. "You never knew which direction he was going to go and what was going to happen."
Reinking is accused of shooting two people to death outside the restaurant around 3:30 a.m. on Sunday, and killing two inside. The suspect fled after a 29-year-old diner, James Shaw Jr., wrestled the rifle from him.
Shaw, grazed by a bullet during the attack, was praised for his courage, but on Sunday he denied he was a hero. "I just wanted to live," he said.
David Hogg, a Marjory Stoneman student and leader in a student movement for gun control that has emerged from the Parkland, Florida, attack, used Shaw's example to taunt the National Rifle Association, which lobbies for gun rights, on Twitter.
"So only a good guy with a gun can stop a bad guy with a gun?" Hogg wrote in a message directed at the NRA.
An NRA representative could not immediately be reached to comment.
(Additional reporting by Rich McKay in Atlanta, Bernie Woodall in Fort Lauderdale, Florida; Jonathan Allen in New York; Writing by Ben Klayman in Detroit and Jon Herskovitz in Austin; Editing by Frank McGurty, Jonathan Oatis and Cynthia Osterman)
The Saddleback Valley Christian boys swimming and diving team today was named a CIF State Academics Team Champion for the 2016-17 school year.
The team had a cumulative grade-point average of 3.77, the highest figure among all swimming and diving teams in CIF State athletics.
Saddleback Valley Christian will receive a banner, which can be displayed in the school's gymnasium or elsewhere on campus, recognizing the achievement.
HUNTSVILLE, Ala. (AP) — Alabama Democrats see Tuesday's special Senate election as a chance to renounce a history littered with politicians whose race-baiting, bombast and other baggage have long soiled the state's reputation beyond its borders.
Many Republicans see the vote as chance to ratify their conservative values and protect President Donald Trump's agenda ahead of the 2018 midterm elections.
At the center are Republican Roy Moore, a former jurist twice removed as state chief justice and now accused of sexual misconduct with teenage girls decades ago, and Democrat Doug Jones, an erstwhile federal prosecutor best known for prosecuting two Ku Klux Klansmen responsible for killing four black girls in the 1963 bombing of Birmingham's 16th Street Baptist Church.
The winner will take the seat held previously by Trump's attorney general, Jeff Sessions. Republicans control the Senate with 52 seats.
In truth, the matchup mixes both Alabama's tortured history and the nation's current divisive, bitterly partisan politics, and it has made a spectacle of a Deep South state well acquainted with national scrutiny but not accustomed to competitive general elections.
“This is an election to tell the whole world what we stand for,” Jones told supporters at one stop Sunday, adding that his campaign “is on the right side of history.” At an earlier appearance, he declared Alabama is “at a crossroads” and that Moore, an unapologetic evangelical populist, tries only to “create conflict and division.”
Jones, 63, stops short of explicitly comparing Moore to the four-term Gov. George Wallace, whose populism was rooted in segregation. But Jones alluded Sunday to that era of Alabama politics.
“Elect a responsible man to a responsible office,” Jones said, repeating the campaign slogan of another Alabama governor, Albert Brewer, who nearly defeated Wallace in 1970 in a contest Alabama liberals and many moderates still lament as a lost opportunity.
Some of Jones' supporters put it even more bluntly. “I thought Alabama's image was pretty much at the bottom,” said Pat Lawrence, a retired software engineer in Huntsville. A Moore win, Lawrence added, “will be a whole new bottom.”
Those concerns extend even to some GOP quarters. Alabama's senior senator, Richard Shelby, confirmed Sunday that he did not vote for Moore, saying he wrote in another “distinguished” party figure he declined to name.
Yet for many Republicans, Moore is a paragon of traditional values. They reject accusations that he molested two teenage girls and pursued relationships with others decades ago. Moore denies the charges.
“Everyone has to vote their convictions,” said Kevin Mims of Montgomery, as he held his Bible outside his Baptist church Sunday in Montgomery. “My conviction is he's the right man for the job.”
Where Moore's critics see a state judge who defied federal courts, including the U.S. Supreme Court's decision legalizing same-sex marriage, Mims sees a stalwart who stands “on the word of God.” Other conservatives see an anti-establishment firebrand in the mold of Trump, who won Alabama by 28 percentage points.
Moore encourages that view with fundraising emails that urge backers to help him “defeat the elite,” a swipe at both Democrats and the establishment Republicans who tried to deny him the GOP nomination earlier this year.
Ultimately, Republicans from Moore to Trump himself are betting on a simple bottom line: Most Alabama conservatives simply won't defect to a Democrat.
“If Alabama elects liberal Democrat Doug Jones, all of our progress will be stopped cold,” Trump says in a robocall the Moore campaign plans to push out Monday.
The president also invokes a common fear among Republicans, calling Jones “a puppet of Nancy Pelosi and Chuck Schumer,” the Democratic House and Senate leaders in Washington, both of them reviled by conservative voters. “Roy Moore is the guy we need to pass our Make American Great Again agenda,” the president insists.
Moore's baggage could make it difficult to draw conclusions about what the results might mean beyond Alabama, but both parties are watching closely.
Democrats need to flip 24 GOP-held seats to reclaim a House majority, and they're trying to dent the slim Republican advantage in the Senate and its dominance of statehouses around the country. In many of those races, they'll need the same thing Jones must get to win in Alabama: strong turnout among young and non-white voters, along with improved performance among suburban moderates.
A Jones victory would be hailed as a potential precursor, and Democrats have indicated they have a post-Alabama strategy even if Jones loses: They'll take Alabama's brand national, hammering Republicans as “the party of Donald Trump and Roy Moore.”
A Bulgarian national was arrested for the second time for automated teller machine (ATM) fraud early Wednesday morning, according to the Quezon City Police District.
A security guard noticed Orlin Grozdanov Stoev, 38, making several transactions and taking so much time at the ATM kiosk of a bank in Barangay Tatalon, Quezon City.
Police said Stoev later left on a motorcycle but was tailed by the same guard who saw him making withdrawals again, this time at another bank near Trinity College.
ADVERTISEMENT
The guard then alerted cops patrolling the area about Stoev's suspicious activity.
The suspect tried to flee on his motorcycle but was cornered on Banawe Street, where he was arrested around 1 a.m.
Seized from the suspect were 15 cloned black ATM cards; cash in three different currencies amounting to P51,000; a pocket Wi-Fi, a cell phone and several identification cards.
Stoev refused to show his face and answer questions from reporters when presented at the QCPD headquarters in Camp Karingal on Wednesday.
Further investigation showed that the suspect was arrested by the police in Guiguinto, Bulacan province in November last year for the same offense, but he was later released on bail.
The circumstances of his previous arrest were similar to what happened in Quezon City: Stoev also caught the attention of a security guard while making ATM transactions and covering CCTV cameras.
The police in Guiguinto then confiscated 20 assorted foreign ATM cards and three transaction receipts amounting to P40,000 from Stoev.
In a press conference, Chief Supt. Guillermo Eleazar, QCPD director, said the suspect may have used a skimming device to capture information from the ATM card's magnetic strip.
ADVERTISEMENT
“For them to gain information from the magnetic strip, they place an improvised keypad. If it is not scrutinized close enough, you wouldn't think that it's there. When you use it (ATM card), all the information from the magnetic strip would be captured,” He said.
The QCPD chief added that pinhole cameras were also used to capture personal identification numbers and other information before the cards were cloned.
Eleazar said even if no skimming device was seized from Stoev, the cloned cards were enough evidence to charge him with violation of the Access Devices Regulation Act or Republic Act No. 8484.
Further investigation will be conducted to determine if the suspect is connected to a larger ATM skimming syndicate.
Angela Alioto
London Breed
Michelle Bravo
Richie Greenberg
Jane Kim
Mark Leno
Amy Farah Weiss
Ellen Lee Zhou
Eight candidates are running for San Francisco mayor. They each met the Tuesday, Jan. 9 deadline at 5 p.m. to file paperwork for the June 5 election.One of the candidates will replace the late Ed Lee , who passed away in December.Here is a brief look at the candidates (Information is gathered from their campaign website. If applicable, we included links to their site):A Democratic politician and attorney. Two of her goals are to fight crime and help the homeless.The San Francisco native ran for city mayor in 1991 and 2003. She is also a former supervisor, and a former president of the Board of Supervisors.Alioto graduated from Lone Mountain College. She received her J.D. from the University of San Francisco School of Law, and was admitted to the California State Bar.Her father, Joseph Alioto, served as the mayor of San Francisco from 1968 to 1976. Click here to find out more about Alioto.Currently serving as the acting mayor of San Francisco, following the unexpected death of Mayor Ed Lee. Not only is she a supervisor for District 5 in San Francisco, she is also the current president of the Board of Supervisors.She was born in San Francisco and attended Galileo High School. She received her Bachelor of Arts Degree from U.C. Davis and her Master's Degree from the University of San Francisco. Click here to learn more about London Breed.San Francisco Mayoral CandidateHas over 25 years of business experience. He says he is the "candidate the best capable to address the issues important to all San Francisco citizens, young and old, of all backgrounds, abilities, faiths and cultures." According to Greenberg's website, "he has been instrumental in helping launch hundreds of new companies and over 200 nonprofit organizations in Los Angeles and San Francisco, as well as serving over 1,500 clients with a variety of business needs."He was born in New York City and went to college in Los Angeles. He moved to San Francisco in 2001. Click here to learn more about Richie Greenberg.Says she has fought to expand access to affordable housing, protect renters, close the income gap, and improve public schools.She worked on an initiative to make City College of San Francisco the first community college in the nation to offer free classes to all residents regardless of age, income or educational status.Kim was born and raised in New York City. Her parents immigrated from Seoul, South Korea in the early 1970s. She attended Stanford University, where she majored in Political Science and Asian American Studies. She went on to receive her law degree from U.C. Berkeley School of Law. Jane Kim lives in San Francisco. Click here to learn more about Kim.Has served the San Francisco community as a small business owner, supervisor, assemblymember, and state senator. He says he "will fight on behalf of regular San Franciscans - the tenants, homeowners, small business owners, and immigrants."He also says on his website he has fought for better schools and access to higher education, a cleaner and sustainable environment, affordable housing, universal single-payer healthcare, and equal rights for all Californians.Leno attended in the University of Colorado at Boulder, and graduated with a Bachelor of Arts Degree from the American College in Jerusalem. He has lived in Noe Valley for the past 36 years. Click here to learn more about Mark Leno.Became activated in politics in 2011. She founded a public-benefit organization called Neighbors Developing Divisadero to support inclusive, culturally enriching, and sustainable housing policy and economic development.Weiss wants to collaboratively lead the city's departments, budgeting process, and commission appointments in implementing a comprehensive platform for equity.She has a Master's Degree in Organizational Development & Training from San Francisco State University. Click here to learn more about Amy Farrah Weiss.Has been working as a public servant for the city and county of San Francisco since 2004 and a social worker since 1996, according to her website.She wants to tackle drug-abuse problems, homeless issues, and affordable housing for families.Zhou immigrated to San Francisco in 1986. She was born in Taishan, Guangdong, China.She earned her Associate of Science degree in Hotel and Restaurant Management from City College of San Francisco. She received her Bachelor of Social Worker degree and Master of Social Work degree in 2003 from San Francisco State University. Click here to learn more about Zhou.
Top high school prospect Marvin Bagley III has committed to Duke and is eligible to play in the 2017-18 season, immediately making the Blue Devils a top national-title contender.
Bagley made his announcement on ESPN's SportsCenter on Monday night.
The 6-foot-11 Bagley is widely considered the top recruit of the 2018 recruiting class, but last month petitioned the NCAA to reclassify and become college eligible for the upcoming season.
Bagley went on campus visits in July to Duke and USC, with UCLA also in the mix.
Bagley started his high school career at Tempe Corona del Sol High School and ended up at Southern California's Chatsworth Sierra Canyon High School.
The long, athletic big man will likely be in the mix to be the No. 1 overall pick in the NBA draft whenever he decides to leave college.
Apple announced the April 7th opening of an Apple Store in the Shinjuku Marui building in Tokyo. More accurately for a Western audience, the store will be in the Marui building in the Shinjuku district in Tokyo. It will be the 8th Apple Store in Japan, or the 9th if you count Apple Watch at Isetan Shinjuku.
Marui is a cross between a department store and a mall, and the Shinjuku district offers some of the best high-end shopping in the world. In other words Apple is opening another high store in a high-end destination retail market.
The store is set to open at 10:0 AM local on April 7th.
WASHINGTON -
Just six days into his presidency, Donald Trump was informed his national security adviser had misled his vice-president about contacts with Russia. Trump kept his No. 2 in the dark and waited nearly three weeks before ousting the aide, Michael Flynn, citing a slow but steady erosion of trust, White House officials said.
Flynn was interviewed by the FBI about his telephone conversations with Russia's ambassador to the U.S., a sign his ties to Russia had caught the attention of law enforcement officials.
But in the White House's retelling of Flynn's stunning downfall, his error was not that he discussed U.S. sanctions with the Russian before the inauguration — a potential violation of a rarely enforced law — but the fact that he denied it for weeks, apparently misleading Vice-President Mike Pence and other senior Trump aides about the nature of the conversations. White House officials said they conducted a thorough review of Flynn's interactions, including transcripts of calls secretly recorded by U.S. intelligence officials, but found nothing illegal.
Pence, who had vouched for Flynn in a televised interview, is said to have been angry and deeply frustrated.
And Trump lashed out at the news media Wednesday morning, sending out a tweet berating some news organizations for focusing on “This Russian connection non-sense.” In a post on his verified Twitter account, Trump said, “The fake news media is going crazy with their conspiracy theories and blind hatred.” He added that the news reporting was “merely an attempt to cover up the many mistakes made in Hillary Clinton's losing campaign.”
Trump also asserted in a tweet: “Information is being illegally given to the failing @nytimes & @washingtonpost by the intelligence community (NSA and FBI?). Just like Russia.”
At the White House Tuesday, press secretary Sean Spicer told reporters: “The evolving and eroding level of trust as a result of this situation and a series of other questionable incidents is what led the president to ask General Flynn for his resignation.”
Flynn, in an interview with The Daily Caller News Foundation, said Monday “there were no lines crossed” in his conversations with Russian Ambassador Sergey Kislyak.
The explanation of the episode left many questions unanswered, including why Trump didn't alert Pence to the matter and why Trump allowed Flynn to keep accessing classified information and taking part in the president's discussions with world leaders up until the day he was fired.
White House officials also struggled to explain why Trump counsellor Kellyanne Conway had declared the president retained “full confidence” in Flynn just hours before the adviser had to submit his letter of resignation.
Later Tuesday, The New York Times reported that U.S. agencies had intercepted phone calls last year between Russian intelligence officials and members of Donald Trump's 2016 campaign team. Current and former U.S. officials who spoke to the Times anonymously said they found no evidence that the Trump campaign was working with the Russians on hacking or other efforts to influence the election.
Flynn's firing heightened questions about the president's friendly posture toward Russia. Democrats called for investigations into Flynn's contacts, and Republican Sen. Lindsey Graham said Congress needed to know whether he had been acting with direction from the president or others.
Trump initially thought Flynn could survive the controversy, according to a person with direct knowledge of the president's views, but a pair of explosive stories in The Washington Post in recent days made the situation untenable. As early as last week, he and aides began making contingency plans for Flynn's dismissal, a senior administration official said. While the president was said to be upset with Flynn, he also expressed anger with other aides for “losing control” of the story and making his young administration look bad.
Pence spokesman Marc Lotter said Pence became aware that he had received “incomplete information” from Flynn only after the first Washington Post report Thursday night. Pence learned about the Justice Department warnings to the White House around the same time.
The officials and others with knowledge of the situation were not authorized to discuss the matter publicly and requested anonymity.
Ahead of the Jan. 20 inauguration, Pence and other officials insisted publicly that Flynn had not discussed sanctions in his talks with Russian Ambassador Sergey Kislyak. On Jan. 26, Acting Attorney General Sally Yates contacted White House counsel Don McGahn to raise concerns about discrepancies between the public accounting and what intelligence officials knew to be true about the contacts based on routine recordings of communications with foreign officials who are in the U.S.
The Justice Department warned the White House that the inconsistencies would leave the president's top national security aide vulnerable to blackmail from Russia, according to a person with knowledge of the discussion. The president was informed of the warnings the same day, Spicer said.
Flynn was interviewed by the FBI around the same time, according to a U.S. official who was briefed on the investigation.
It was not immediately known what questions the FBI asked of Flynn or what he told law enforcement officials.
McGahn, along with chief of staff Reince Priebus and strategist Steve Bannon, also questioned Flynn multiple times in the ensuing weeks, a White House official said. Top aides also reviewed transcripts of Flynn's contacts with the ambassador, according to a person with knowledge of the review process.
At the same time, the official said Trump aides began taking steps to put some distance between the president and Flynn. CIA Director Mike Pompeo and retired Lt. Gen. Keith Kellogg, a top Flynn aide, started taking part in Trump's daily security briefings.
Before resigning Monday night, Flynn told the investigative news non-profit affiliated with the website The Daily Caller that he and Kislyak spoke only generally about the Russian diplomats expelled by President Barack Obama as part of the previous administration's response to Moscow's interference in the U.S. presidential election.
“It wasn't about sanctions. It was about the 35 guys who were thrown out,” Flynn said. “It was basically: 'Look, I know this happened. We'll review everything.' I never said anything such as, 'We're going to review sanctions,' or anything like that.”
———
Associated Press writers Jonathan Lemire, Eric Tucker, Ken Thomas, Jill Colvin, Erica Werner and Catherine Lucey contributed to this report.
An agreement has been signed to increase the number of nursing positions in intensive care units for premature babies.
This will add 121 new neonatal ICU positions in three stages starting next January. The Ministry of Health announced a transition from 1.4 nurses per station to 2.5 nurses per unit.
The ladies of Twitter never fail to brighten our days with their brilliant ― but succinct ― wisdom.
The ladies of Twitter never fail to brighten our days with their brilliant ― but succinct ― wisdom. Each week, HuffPost Women rounds up hilarious 140-character musings. For this week's great tweets from women, scroll through the list below. Then visit our Funniest Tweets From Women page for our past collections.
Sign up for our Funniest Tweets Of The Week newsletter here.
Ladies bear with me I haven't slept enough this week but if we hide all the guns in our vaginas, Congress will HAVE to regulate them!!! — Bess Kalb (@bessbell) October 4, 2017
What idiot called it Beauty and the Beast and not Saved by the Belle? pic.twitter.com/r1UIgfxqIj — Abbi Crutchfield (@curlycomedy) October 5, 2017
The year is 2017. OJ Simpson is free, Tony Romo is an oracle, and Kim Kardashian is smarter than the president. pic.twitter.com/yYdmy5bBJ5 — shauna (@goldengateblond) October 1, 2017
"I'd like to buy a gun"
"Here ya go!"
"I'd like to buy a Claritin."
"Ok, I need your name, photo ID, signature, fingerprint, lock of hair, — Jess Dweck (@TheDweck) October 4, 2017
I need 70 cocktails 40 xanax, sex, a spa, a massage, medical marijuana, a bath, an IV, a manicure, a cupcake and a hug — Bethenny Frankel (@Bethenny) October 5, 2017
At this point, no matter what movie Liam Neeson is in, I worry one of his family members will be kidnapped — Aparna Nancherla (@aparnapkin) October 5, 2017
i'm sorry, but one of my small joys in life is calling it Rick & Marty. — Caitlin Van Horn (@HelloCVH) October 3, 2017
[in Obama voice] let me be perfectly clear: we all used AIM to have cybersex and thats about it — Ej Dickson (@ejdickson) October 6, 2017
[Cam Newton voice]
It's funny to hear a male politician talk about uteruses like, it's funny. — (((OhNoSheTwitnt))) (@OhNoSheTwitnt) October 5, 2017
Should I download Bumble? Everyone keeps recommending it to me. Caveat: I hate men. — Emily McCombs (@msemilymccombs) October 4, 2017
what if we tell the GOP that birth control is like a tiny little gun that protects our uterus — Geraldine (@everywhereist) October 6, 2017
it's a well-known fact that any man who was alive during the 60s is physiologically incapable of *not* asking women to watch him shower — Ashley Feinberg (@ashleyfeinberg) October 5, 2017
y'all i ran out of paper towels today and I swear, for a brief moment, I wished Trump would show up and toss a roll into the kitchen. — Hend Amry (@LibyaLiberty) October 4, 2017
I'm dying. My mom bought this book for my 6 year old and I just called to ask if she had actually opened the book. She hadn't. pic.twitter.com/inYCEaZKpV — tiffany (@Tiffany1985B) October 4, 2017
My friend who doesn't use Twitter just asked "What do you mean 'drag him'?" and I have never longed for my own past in quite this way. — Alana Massey (@AlanaMassey) October 2, 2017
HBO doc night. Beware of Slendernan. Slenderman??? creepypasta??? *puts Luna back in uterus* — christine teigen (@chrissyteigen) September 30, 2017
honestly wtf is an acai — Ghoulia Bush (@jabush) October 5, 2017
me, when I'm sliding into your man's DMs pic.twitter.com/VKncG60OwM — Jenna Amatulli (@ohheyjenna) October 6, 2017
It's been a hard week. In search of ice cream. — Karen Attiah (@KarenAttiah) October 6, 2017
i'm no expert on vicious reanimated lumps of clay but i feel like not attacking women can definitely be an overnight process pic.twitter.com/3oYhB0Y0ku — Ellie Shechet (@ellieshechet) October 5, 2017
Meet Warpp: a new application that is actually a kind of 'social venture' that connects those who have tefillin with those who wish to put them on. It is the "Uber" of the tefillin. The concept is the same as with the popular application for car services, but with Wrapp 'service providers' earn a mitzvah rather than money.
Two brothers from New York are behind the application's development. According to the plan, the goal in the app's first stage is that at least 10,000 people download the application on which dozens of people have labored for the past two years. In the future they hope to see millions using it every day all over the world.
Flash 90 Israeli soldier puts on tefillin
As in similar cases, so with Wrapp - it all started by complete accident. One of the entrepreneurs wanted to speak to his friend in Israel, but the latter had to cut their conversation, saying "there's someone who waits for me every Friday to come and put on tefillin."
"You mean to tell me he sits a whole week waiting for you to come to him on Friday morning to put on tefillin?" The friend replied in the affirmative. "It doesn't make sense, someone has to do something," decided the New York Jew who at this stage wishes to remain anonymous. He didn't abandon the idea until he came up with the application, in which he invested much resource and effort.
A few days after the application was launched, more than 4,500 users registered in Israel and many countries around the world.
"It could be your boss or your neighbor upstairs, with whom you haven't exchanged a word in four years; or your taxi driver, or you're stuck at the airport, or in the hospital; anytime and anywhere - there's someone who will immediately make sure you have a pair of tefillin," says the app video description in Hebrew and English.
All Times EST EASTERN CONFERENCE GP W L OT Pts GF GA Tampa Bay 29 21 6 2 44 110 74 Toronto 31 20 10 1 41 106 88 Columbus 30 19 10 1 39 86 73 N.Y. Islanders 30 17 10 3 37 108 100 Washington 31 18 12 1 37 95 91 New Jersey 29 16 9 4 36 89 91 N.Y. Rangers 30 16 11 3 35 99 89 Pittsburgh 32 16 13 3 35 94 104 Boston 27 14 9 4 32 78 75 Montreal 31 13 14 4 30 85 99 Carolina 28 11 10 7 29 78 88 Philadelphia 29 11 11 7 29 83 86 Florida 30 12 14 4 28 90 105 Detroit 30 11 13 6 28 81 99 Ottawa 28 9 12 7 25 77 98 Buffalo 30 7 17 6 20 64 102 WESTERN CONFERENCE GP W L OT Pts GF GA St. Louis 31 21 8 2 44 104 78 Los Angeles 31 20 8 3 43 97 68 Winnipeg 31 18 8 5 41 107 87 Nashville 29 18 7 4 40 95 84 Vegas 29 19 9 1 39 103 91 San Jose 29 16 10 3 35 79 69 Dallas 31 17 13 1 35 91 90 Calgary 30 16 12 2 34 88 94 Minnesota 29 15 11 3 33 87 87 Chicago 30 14 11 5 33 90 82 Vancouver 31 14 13 4 32 82 90 Anaheim 30 12 11 7 31 80 89 Colorado 29 14 13 2 30 92 95 Edmonton 30 12 16 2 26 86 99 Arizona 33 7 21 5 19 75 114
NOTE: Two points for a win, one point for overtime loss. Top three teams in each division and two wild cards per conference advance to playoffs.
Sunday's Games
Chicago 3, Arizona 1
St. Louis 3, Buffalo 2, OT
Toronto 1, Edmonton 0
Minnesota 4, San Jose 3, OT
Monday's Games
Colorado 2, Pittsburgh 1
Dallas 2, N.Y. Rangers 1, SO
N.Y. Islanders 3, Washington 1
Florida 2, Detroit 1, OT
Winnipeg 5, Vancouver 1
Carolina at Anaheim, 10 p.m.
Tuesday's Games
Edmonton at Columbus, 7 p.m.
Ottawa at Buffalo, 7 p.m.
Toronto at Philadelphia, 7 p.m.
Colorado at Washington, 7 p.m.
Los Angeles at New Jersey, 7 p.m.
Calgary at Minnesota, 8 p.m.
Tampa Bay at St. Louis, 8 p.m.
Florida at Chicago, 8:30 p.m.
Carolina at Vegas, 10 p.m.
Wednesday's Games
Dallas at N.Y. Islanders, 7 p.m.
N.Y. Rangers at Ottawa, 7 p.m.
Boston at Detroit, 8 p.m.
Nashville at Vancouver, 10 p.m.
Thursday's Games
Buffalo at Philadelphia, 7 p.m.
Washington at Boston, 7 p.m.
N.Y. Islanders at Columbus, 7 p.m.
New Jersey at Montreal, 7:30 p.m.
Chicago at Winnipeg, 8 p.m.
Anaheim at St. Louis, 8 p.m.
Toronto at Minnesota, 8 p.m.
Florida at Colorado, 9 p.m.
Tampa Bay at Arizona, 9 p.m.
Nashville at Edmonton, 9 p.m.
San Jose at Calgary, 9 p.m.
Pittsburgh at Vegas, 10 p.m.
Peter Moskowitz reveals why gentrification is about much more than just fancy coffee shops. Donate to order this gift now!
Essays on the very real dangers of antisemitism and the false accusations used to defend Israel, with a foreword by Judith Butler. Donate to order this gift now!
WASHINGTON (AP) — A U.S. official says a missile interceptor failed to hit its target in a test conducted in Hawaii on Wednesday.
The official was not authorized to discuss the outcome and spoke on condition of anonymity.
The official said test data is being analyzed to determine why the interceptor, known as a Standard Missile 3 Block IIA, did not hit the target.
The failed test was first reported by CNN.
The Missile Defense Agency, which manages U.S. missile defense systems, issued a statement saying the interceptor was launched from the Pacific Missile Range Facility at Kauai, Hawaii, but did not reveal the outcome.
The interceptor is being developed in cooperation with Japan and is to be deployed on land as well as aboard ships.
Getty Image
Former Congresswoman Gabrielle Giffords (D-AZ), who herself survived an assassination attempt, released a heartfelt statement on the shooting that targeted a Congressional baseball practice. House Majority Whip Steve Scalise was shot, along with former staffer Matt Mika, two police officers, and possibly others as well. The attacker, a 66 year old St. Louis man named James T. Hodgkinson, was shot by law enforcement during the ensuing firestorm. Giffords aimed to rally Americans together, regardless of their partisan positions:
“It doesn't matter if you're a Democrat or a Republican, nor if you're a senator or a representative, nor a staffer or a sworn officer. If you serve the instituion of Congress, you're connected to your colleagues, current and former, by a shared sense of service to ideals far greater than yourself. This shooting is an attack on all who serve and on all who participate in our democracy. I am heartbroken for the pain of Congressman Scalise, the other victims, and their family, friends, and colleagues who survived. I am thankful for the great courage of the Capitol Police, who were my protectors after I was shot and became my friends. I also know the courage it takes to recover from a shooting like this, and I know Steve and everyone there this morning has such courage in great supply. May all Americans come together today with prayers for the survivors, love for their friends and family, and the courage to go about everyday making this country its best. Our nation is resilient, and we always come back stronger.”
Gifford was shot in the head in 2011 by Jared Lee Loughner, a mentally unstable young man, at a meeting with her constituents in Tucson, Arizona. In addition to shooting Gifford, Loughner also shot eighteen others. Federal District Court Chief Judge John Roll was among those killed, as was staffer Gabe Zimmerman, and nine year old Christina-Taylor Green. Gifford's injuries were critical, and for some time, it wasn't clear if she would survive.
Earlier today, Gifford also expressed her sympathies for today's survivors on Twitter.
My heart is with my former colleagues, their families & staff, and the US Capitol Police- public servants and heroes today and every day. — Gabrielle Giffords (@GabbyGiffords) June 14, 2017
No one was killed in this morning's baseball field shooting except for the assailant, though Steve Scalise was shot in the hip. The condition and identities of the other casualties have yet to be released.
From Woman's Day
OFFICIAL RULES
NO PURCHASE NECESSARY TO ENTER OR WIN. A PURCHASE OR PAYMENT OF ANY KIND WILL NOT INCREASE YOUR CHANCES OF WINNING
1. WINNER SELECTION: Winners (individually and collectively, the "Winner") will be selected on or about 11/31/2017 in a random drawing from among all eligible entries received. All sweepstakes are a different drawing that must be entered separately. All the sweepstakes in these Official Rules are individually and collectively the "Sweepstakes." In the event the Sponsor does not receive any eligible entries, the Sponsor has the right to cancel the Sweepstakes. Drawing will be conducted by Woman's Day, whose decisions are final. Odds of winning will depend upon the total number of eligible entries received. In the event Canadians are eligible to enter as specified in the Eligibility paragraph below, and if there is a Canadian Winner, the Winner will be required to correctly answer a mathematical skill testing question as a condition of receiving the prize. Important Notice: You may be charged for visiting the mobile website in accordance with the terms of your service agreement with your carrier. Please consult your wireless service provider regarding your pricing plan. You must use a Smartphone device to participate via your mobile phone. Not all mobile phone providers carry the necessary service to participate. Check your phone capabilities for specific Internet instructions. If your data usage exceeds what is allotted by your data plan, you could be subject to additional fees by your carrier. Please contact your mobile service provider with any questions regarding your bill.
2. WINNER NOTIFICATION: Winner will be notified within one (1) month of the last day of the Sweepstakes, via e-mail, and/or at Sponsor's discretion, via phone or postal mail. In the event the Winner doesn't respond to Sponsor's notification or does not accept the prize within five (5) business days of notification, the prize will be deemed forfeited and an alternate Winner will be selected. In the event that any one or more potential Winner(s) fails to respond as stated above, declines the prize or fails to provide signed affidavits or releases, such Winner(s) will be deemed to forfeit the prize and Sponsor will select an alternate Winner(s) from the remaining eligible entrants. If any alternate(s) similarly fails to respond or declines the prize, Sponsor will use a reasonable number of attempts, in its discretion, to award the prize(s) to another alternate(s) but if it is unable to do so, the prize(s) will be finally forfeited and Sponsor shall have no further liability in connection with said Sweepstakes. List of Winner(s): For the name(s) of the Winner(s), send a separate self-addressed, stamped envelope to September 2017 Woman's Day 80th Anniversary Sweepstakes Winners' List, Hearst Communications, Inc., 300 West 57th Street NY, NY 10019 within two (2) months from the Winner notification date as specified above.
Topshop Sweepstakes: Enter beginning 12:01 A.M. (ET) on August 15, 2017, through 11:59 P.M. (ET) on October 15, 2017 (the "Entry Period"). Go to womansday.com/giveaways on a computer or wireless device and complete and submit the entry form pursuant to the onscreen instructions. PLEASE NOTE THAT YOUR ENTRY WILL NOT BE COMPLETED UNTIL YOU HAVE COMPLETED THE OFFICIAL ENTRY FORM AND ENTERED YOUR CONTACT INFORMATION. Prizes & Approximate Retail Value: One (1) winner will receive three tubes of lipstick in Mind Your Manners, Temptation, and Partition from Topshop Lips (ARV: $10 each). Total ARV of all prizes awarded: $30. Any difference between the stated ARV and the actual value of the prize will not be awarded in any form.
3. ENTRIES: Limit one (1) entry per person per day for each Sweepstake. Multiple entries from the same person per day for the same sweepstakes will be disqualified. Entries become the property of the Sponsor and will not be returned. Proof of submission does not constitute proof of receipt. If applicable, illegible, inaccurate, lost, late, misdirected, incomplete, mutilated, postage due or mechanically reproduced entry forms or entry forms that have been tampered with will be disqualified. Online entrants must have valid email address and it is entrant's responsibility to update Sponsor of any change in email address. The mobile phone number and wireless service provider/carrier of mobile entrants (if applicable) will be automatically captured in the Sweepstakes database and all participation will be limited to that phone number unless entrant notifies Sponsor of a change. If there is a dispute as to the identity of an online or mobile entrant, the prize will be awarded to the authorized account holder of the email address or mobile phone. The "authorized account holder" is defined as the natural person to whom the email address or mobile phone is assigned by an internet service provider, online service provider, carrier, mobile phone provider or other organization (e.g., business, educational institution, etc.) that is responsible for assigning the email addresses for the domain associated with the submitted email address or responsible for assigning the mobile phone number.
Read More
ELIZABETHTON, TN (WJHL) – News Channel 11 is following a crash involving a tractor-trailer in Carter County. The crash was reported Elizabethton Police Department says the driver of the truck just has minor injuries.
The contents of the truck will have to be offloaded, and traffic will be affected intermittently until the scene is clear.
The accident happened on 19E and the lanes headed towards Hampton are closed.
ISTANBUL (AP) — A court in Istanbul has ruled for the release from jail of Amnesty International's Turkey chairman, Taner Kilic, pending a verdict in his trial.
Kilic, who was imprisoned in June, is accused of links to cleric Fethullah Gulen, whom Turkey says orchestrated the 2016 failed coup attempt. Kilic was accused of using an encrypted mobile messaging application allegedly employed by Gulen's network. Kilic denies the accusation.
The court ruled for Kilic's release on Wednesday on condition that he regularly report to a police station.
He is on trial with a group of 10 other activists detained in a police raid in July while attending a workshop on digital security. They were charged with belonging to and abetting terror organizations. The others of the group have already been released from jail.
Reports indicate that FCC Chairman Ajit Pai wants to change Obama-era internet rules by having service providers regulate themselves. Michael Beckerman, CEO of the Internet Association, joins us to discuss why he thinks the existing rules are important for consumers. Afterwards, we'll look at the war for autonomous car talent, which has led to lawsuits, talent poaching and absurd salaries.
WASHINGTON (AP) — President Donald Trump's administration is planning to impose tariffs on European steel and aluminum imports after failing to win concessions from the European Union, a move that could provoke retaliatory tariffs and inflame trans-Atlantic trade tensions.
The tariffs are likely to go into effect on the EU with an announcement by Friday's deadline, according to two people familiar with the discussions. The administration's plans could change if the two sides are able to reach a last-minute agreement, said the people, who spoke on condition of anonymity to discuss internal deliberations.
Trump announced in March the United States would slap a 25 percent tariff on imported steel, and a 10 percent tariff on imported aluminum, citing national security interests. But he granted an exemption to the EU and other U.S. allies; that reprieve expires Friday.
Europe has been bracing for the U.S. to place the restrictions even as top European officials have held last-ditch talks in Paris with American trade officials to try to avert the tariffs.
"Realistically, I do not think we can hope" to avoid either U.S. tariffs or quotas on steel and aluminum, said Cecilia Malmstrom, the European Union's trade commissioner. Even if the U.S. were to agree to waive the tariffs on imported steel and aluminum, Malmstrom said, "I expect them nonetheless to want to impose some sort of cap on EU exports."
European officials said they expected the U.S. to announce its final decision Thursday. The people familiar with the talks said Trump could make an announcement as early as Thursday.
U.S. Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross attended meetings at the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development in Paris on Wednesday, and U.S. Trade Representative Robert Lighthizer joins discussions in Paris on Thursday.
The U.S. plan has raised the threat of retaliation from Europe and fears of a global trade war — a prospect that is already weighing on investor confidence and could hinder the global economic upturn.
If the U.S. moves forward with its tariffs, the EU has threatened to impose retaliatory tariffs on U.S. orange juice, peanut butter and other goods in return. French Finance Minister Bruno Le Maire pledged that the European response would be "united and firm."
Besides the U.S. steel and aluminum tariffs, the Trump administration is also investigating possible limits on foreign cars in the name of national security.
"Unilateral responses and threats over trade war will solve nothing of the serious imbalances in the world trade. Nothing," French President Emmanuel Macron said in an impassioned speech at the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development in Paris.
In a clear reference to Trump, Macron added: "These solutions might bring symbolic satisfaction in the short term. ... One can think about making voters happy by saying, 'I have a victory, I'll change the rules, you'll see.'"
But Macron said those "who waged bilateral trade wars ... saw an increase in prices and an increase in unemployment."
Tariffs on steel imports to the U.S. can help local producers of the metal by making foreign products more expensive. But they can also increase costs more broadly for U.S. manufacturers who cannot source all their steel locally and need to import the raw material. That hurts the companies and can lead to more expensive consumer prices, economists say.
Ross criticized the EU for its tough negotiating position.
"There can be negotiations with or without tariffs in place. There are plenty of tariffs the EU has on us. It's not that we can't talk just because there are tariffs," he said. He noted that "China has not used that as an excuse not to negotiate."
But German Economy Minister Peter Altmaier insisted the Europeans were being "constructive" and were ready to negotiate special trade arrangements, notably for liquefied natural gas and industrial goods, including cars.
Macron also proposed to start negotiations between the U.S., the EU, China and Japan to reshape the World Trade Organization to better regulate trade. Discussions could then be expanded to include other countries to agree on changes by the end of the year.
Ross expressed concern that the Geneva-based World Trade Organization and other organizations are too rigid and slow to adapt to changes in global business.
"We would operate within (multilateral) frameworks if we were convinced that people would move quickly," he said.
Ross and Lighthizer seemed like the odd men out at this week's gathering at the OECD, an international economic agency that includes the U.S. as a prominent member.
The agency issued a report Wednesday saying "the threat of trade restrictions has begun to adversely affect confidence" and tariffs "would negatively influence investment and jobs."
___
Charlton and Corbet reported from Paris. Masha Macpherson and Oleg Cetinic in Paris and Paul Wiseman and Jill Colvin in Washington contributed to this report.
MEMPHIS, Tenn. (AP) — Goran Dragic scored 19 points, and the Miami Heat pulled away from the lowly Memphis Grizzlies for a 107-82 victory on Monday night.
Miami shot 56.1 percent from the field and had seven players score in double figures in its second straight win. Josh Richardson had 17 points, and reserves Tyler Johnson and Bam Adebayo finished with 14 apiece.
Memphis lost for the 15th time in 16 games. Marc Gasol scored 19 points on 5-for-14 shooting and Andrew Harrison had 16.
The Heat carried a 70-60 lead into the fourth quarter and kept up the pressure in the final period. Johnson scored five straight points to run the advantage out to 18, and the lead ballooned to 27 in the closing minutes.
Miami shot 65 percent in the second half.
The first half was a sloppy affair with 11 turnovers for the Grizzlies and 10 for the Heat. Miami led 45-42 at the break.
TIP-INS
Heat: C Hassan Whiteside missed his sixth straight game with a left knee injury. ... It was Miami's first trip to FedExForum since the firing of former Heat assistant David Fizdale as head coach of Memphis. Miami coach Erik Spoelstra said he had lunch with his former assistant earlier in the day. "He's going to get another opportunity," Spoelstra said.
Grizzlies: G Tyreke Evans had 11 points on 5-for-17 shooting in his 500th career game. ... Memphis is winless in nine games against the Eastern Conference. ... Memphis went 18 for 27 at the free-throw line. ... Memphis is 1-14 since starting PG Mike Conley was shelved by left Achilles problems.
UP NEXT
Heat: Host Portland on Wednesday night.
Grizzlies: Visit Washington on Wednesday night.
___
For more NBA coverage: https://apnews.com/tag/NBAbasketball
According to the Energy Department's Energy Information Administration, wind and solar produced 10 percent of the electricity generated in the U.S . for the first time in March. The Hill reports:
As if commuters aren't already stressed by the closure of I-85 because of the March 30th bridge collapse, Monday morning's closure of 75/85 in Midtown meant more changing routes. Authorities say that a tractor trailer was involved in an accident with an SUV. The big rig toppled over spilling its contents, 150 gallons of Benzoyl Chloride, an industrial chemical which officials say did not pose any harm to businesses in the area. It is used for dyes.
Both sides of the interstate was closed down from 3:30am to 6:30am following the accident on the northbound side near 10th Street.Those involved in the accident are said to have suffered only minor injuries and were being treated at a local hospital.
NEW YORK (AP) — Hundreds of public school teachers in New York City have landed tickets to the hottest show on Broadway.
Some 400 teachers from schools in all five boroughs will attend Wednesday night's performance of the sold-out, Tony Award-winning musical "Hamilton."
The teachers were selected by the city's Department of Education and via a lottery held by Teach For America-New York, a nonprofit educational organization. Barclays is also involved in the performance for educators through a partnership with the organization and the Education Department.
The Broadway show's organizers hope the musical's message of diversity and inclusiveness will resonate with educators and their students.
The teachers going to the show are educators who teach a variety of subjects in schools across the city.
FILE- In this Feb. 13, 2017, file photo, then-National Security Adviser Michael Flynn and Counselor to the President Kellyanne Conway talk in the East Room of the White House in Washington. The national security adviser is the president's policy whisperer and confidant on military matters, diplomacy, intelligence, terrorism, even the odd hurricane. The adviser usually enjoys unmatched trust with the chief executive and lots of behind-the-scenes clout. (AP Photo/Pablo Martinez Monsivais, File)
WASHINGTON (AP) — The national security adviser is the president's policy whisperer and confidant on military matters, diplomacy, intelligence, terrorism — even the odd hurricane. The adviser usually enjoys unmatched trust with the chief executive and lots of behind-the-scenes clout.
A manmade hurricane consumed the latest one.
A look at the job:
OUT LIKE FLYNN
No other national security adviser has gone out quite like Michael Flynn, who lasted less than a month, a record low. Before Flynn was forced out as President Donald Trump's national security adviser, the Obama administration fired him for insubordination in 2014, when he was defense intelligence chief.
At issue this time: Flynn's contact with Russia's ambassador to the U.S. late last year, which raised questions about whether he was freelancing on policy about Russian sanctions while President Barack Obama was still in office and how he misled Trump officials about the calls. Trump wanted him to step down because of an "eroding level of trust," said White House spokesman Sean Spicer.
___
AT THE CENTER
In his brief tenure, Flynn was at the heart of deliberations over provocative missile tests by North Korea and Iran, close to the president's side in his meetings and calls with world leaders and privy to all manner of secrets by virtue of his position straddling the military, diplomatic and intelligence components of national security.
Democrats want to find out when Trump knew of the circumstances that eventually got Flynn fired and why he was allowed to maintain his access when it emerged that he had not given an accurate account of his communications with the ambassador.
___
'DE-HOT' THE WORLD:
That's how banker Robert Cutler described the nature of his counsel to President Dwight D. Eisenhower when he served as the first national security adviser, starting in 1953.
Cutler set the template in terms of discretion. Said his New York Times obituary in 1974: "No man in the Government, except the President, knew more of the nation's strategic secrets; yet no other man so high in the Administration was so little known outside the President's inner circle."
___
THAT'S NOT TO SAY THEY'RE PEACENIKS
Hardly. There have been hawks aplenty. McGeorge Bundy, for one, pushed an expansion of U.S. fighting in Vietnam while working as national security adviser to presidents John Kennedy and Lyndon Johnson.
___
NOT HOUSEHOLD NAMES
Many aren't well-known to the public when they come into the job or all that famous when they leave. Dillon Anderson, anyone? He served in 1955-56.
Among the very well known: the two women, among 20 men, who have been national security adviser: Condoleezza Rice, who served George W. Bush in his first term before becoming secretary of state; and Susan Rice, Obama's second-term national security adviser. Rice was ambassador to the U.N. in his first term.
Trump on Tuesday appointed retired Lt. Gen. Keith Kellogg on an acting basis.
___
OH HENRY
It's hard to overstate the influence Henry Kissinger wielded on Richard Nixon from the dawn of his presidency to its bitter final days.
Kissinger was such a driver of foreign policy and more that Nixon had him multitask as national security adviser and secretary of state during his second term, abbreviated by Nixon's 1974 resignation. Kissinger, the longest-serving national security adviser, kept both jobs for more than a year under President Gerald Ford, then finished Ford's term as secretary of state only.
Colin Powell was national security adviser under Ronald Reagan and later chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff under George H.W. Bush and Bill Clinton, and secretary of state under George W. Bush.
___
WHAT COUNTS AS NATIONAL SECURITY?
National security advisers have not been limited to traditional threats to the U.S. Stephen Hadley, for example, was involved in the federal emergency response to Hurricane Katrina and Susan Rice took up climate change as a matter of national security.
A wind energy development company is ‘disappointed' at a decision by planners to reject its scheme for a 10-turbine wind farm on Fulbeck Airfield.
South Kesteven District Council officers have refused the application for the 110m-high wind turbines under delegated powers.
Should the applicant, Energiekontor, want to appeal the decision to the Planning Inspectorate it has six months to do so.
Michael Briggs from Energiekontor UK, said: “We are obviously very disappointed with the council's decision to refuse the planning application, as will be the hundreds of people who have written in to express their support for the project.
“The wind farm would have delivered many benefits to the local and wider area which are now in doubt, particularly in relation to the economy, as numerous local construction companies were hoping the project would come forward.
“At the same time, we fully understand the reasons why many have expressed their objections to the project and have always tried to do our best to address those concerns.
“But the council was of the view that concerns in relation to landscape and cultural heritage issues were not outweighed by the benefits from the wind farm. We will need to look at the council's reasons closely with our team before deciding what next for Fulbeck Airfield.”
Planning officers said they refused the wind farm on the former wartime airfield on a number of grounds, including its potentially adverse visual and physical impact on the landscape and on the settings of numerous ‘high grade' heritage assets.
Concerns were also raised over an adverse impact on air safety through interference with aircraft radar and conflict with government policy. They further pointed to a Written Ministerial Statement from June 18, 2015, in which it states wind energy development should be in areas specified in local plans as being suitable for such development, and that wind farms should have the backing of local people.
Local campaigning residents are delighted and relieved having seen a smaller project two miles away at Temple Hill rejected two years ago.
Paul Miley of local anti-wind farm group reVOLT/VETO said: “Now the community asks that the developer respects local democracy and does not seek to appeal this decision.”
He said: “An appeal would be an expensive and time consuming process both for the council and the community.”
However, he did say ‘local people are ready to continue the fight if needed'.
PARIS (AP) — American artist Jeff Koons met with the French culture minister Tuesday amid a debate over a monumental sculpture he plans to offer Paris as a memorial to victims of the 2015 terror attacks.
Two dozen people from the worlds of French art and entertainment signed an open letter this month urging the city to refuse Koons' "Bouquet of Tulips," calling the project "shocking" and its creator too commercially driven.
Koons donated the design in 2016, but not the cost to produce or install the sculpture. It is expected to weigh 36 metric tons (39.6-tons) and stand nearly 12-meters (39.3-feet) high.
The project's direct and associated costs reportedly run to several million euros, some of which private sponsors are expected to pay.
The sculpture is intended for a museum hill with a view of the Eiffel tower.
I had a funny little incident over the weekend while using iOS. One night, I decided to control my Safari cookies by having the browser always block cookies. Everything seemed okay at first. Then the next day, I cleared my website history and data. I then found myself unable to log into any website in Safari. I'll replicate my steps below in case you run into the same issue.
Blocking Safari Cookies
You can block Safari cookies on iOS by going into Settings > Safari > Privacy & Security section. There are four options to choose from: Always Block, Allow from Current Website Only, Allow from Websites I Visit, and Always Allow.
Normally, I use the setting Allow from Current Website Only. This allows first-party cookies and blocks third-party cookies. The difference is that third-party cookies come from trackers and advertisers, while first-party cookies come from the website you actually visit.
Cookies R Us
Cookies aren't necessarily bad, at least first-party cookies. It's just a way for your browser to “remember” your settings for a particular website. For example, when I visit Google search, I get an annoying message where Google nudges me to use Chrome.
I press the button to say no, and I never get the pop-up again. This is because Google set a cookie that remembers that I pressed no, so I don't have to keep pressing it every time I visit Google search. But when you always block cookies, Google shows the window each time, treating each visit as a new session.
In the same way, when you log into a website, there is often a little button that says “Remember Me.” This is a persistent login cookie that saves your information in the browser, so you don't have to login each time.
I found an Apple support page where it discusses Safari cookies and the different settings you can use. Under the Always block section, it gives the caveat: “This may prevent some websites from working properly.”
Apparently, not being able to log into websites is an example of improperly working. Maybe if I hadn't cleared the website data, which includes cookies, I wouldn't have run into this problem. So my tip is to accept first-party cookies and block third-party cookies.
#CountyFire [update] east of Lake Berryessa (Yolo and Napa Counties) is now 82,700 acres and 25% contained. Evacuations in effect. https://t.co/z2FpwZ89SK pic.twitter.com/uSaipjp6g2 — CAL FIRE (@CAL_FIRE) July 4, 2018
#CountyFire [update] Due to the potential threat posed by the County Fire, the Napa County Sheriff's Office has issued an Evacuation Advisory for the Berryessa Highlands, Markley Cove, and Pleasure Cove Resorts. pic.twitter.com/4zwz6xFpQb — CAL FIRE (@CAL_FIRE) July 3, 2018
The County Fire burning near Lake Berryessa has grown to 82,700 acres and is now threatening over 1,000 structures. So far, the fire is 25 percent contained.Over 1,000 firefighters are still battling the blaze that nearly doubled in size on Monday.Most of the action, today, will happen around the small town of Guinda, on State Highway 16, which lies near the eastern side of the fire."The fire laid down, last night," said Cal Fire spokesman Israel Pinzon. Crews worked all night building containment lines along the fire.The massive blaze was choking skies with ash and smoke, prompting some officials to cancel Fourth of July fireworks shows and urge people to stay indoors to protect themselves from the unhealthy air.At least 2,500 people have been told to evacuate as the so-called County Fire continues to spread, said Anthony Brown, a spokesman with the California Department of Forestry and Fire Protection.Brown said the blaze started Saturday and is surging through rugged terrain northwest of Sacramento amid hot and dry weather. "The weather is better than what we had last weekend. But it's still hampering our efforts and it's an area of concern," he said.So far this year, wildfires have burned 4,200 square miles in the United States, according to the fire center. That's a bit below last year's acreage to date - which included the beginning of California's devastating fire season - but above the 10-year average of 3,600 square miles.Because of the Independence Day holiday, authorities are also concerned about the possibility of campfires or fireworks starting new fires because of the dry, hot conditions.Cal Fire officials say their goal is to have full containment of this fire by next Tuesday, July 10, 2018.Residences served by Highway 128, between Monticello Dam and Pleasant Valley Road.West of State Highway 16, to Berryessa Knoxville Road, South of Old County Road 40, and North of County Road 53North of Highway 128South of County Road 23East of Berryessa Knoxville RoadWest of County Road 89, South of the community of Esparto, however agricultural equipment will be permittedNorth of Quail Canyon RoadSouth of Highway 128East of the Blue Ridge mountainsWest of Pleasant Valley RoadEast of Capell Valley RoadNorth of State Highway 128 from Capell Valley Road, East to the Napa County lineNorth of State Highway 128 in Yolo County, not including the City of WintersSouth of County Road 23East of Berryessa Knoxville RodWest of County Road 89, South of the community of Esparto, however agricultural equipment will be permittedFor questions regarding Yolo County evacuations or advisories, please dial 2-1-1 For questions regarding Solano County evacuations or advisories please dial (707) 398-8261Evacuation center: Guinda Grange Hall in the Community of Guinda 16487 Forest Ave. Guinda, CA 95637Northbound County Road 87 from Highway 128, Berryessa Knoxville Road, from the Pope Creek Bridge to the Napa/Lake County line, Eastbound Highway 128 at Markley Resort, Westbound Highway 128 at Pleasant Valley Road, Pleasant Valley Road, South from Highway 128 remains open to serve traffic into Solano CountyCalifornia Department of Corrections and Rehabilitation, Cal OES, California Highway Patrol, California Conservation Corps, Yolo County OES, Yolo County Sheriff, Solano County Sheriff, Napa County Sheriff, PG&E, Bureau of Indian Affairs, Yocha Dehe Wintun Nation, Bureau of Land Management, United States Forest Service, and California National Guard.The fire sent smoke across the Bay Area , as far west as Petaluma and as far south as San Francisco and Redwood City, according to the National Weather Service in San Francisco.The Associated Press contributed to this story.
As I sit here on Friday, a stare-down is continuing in Washington over a spending bill that was threatening to shut down the federal government at midnight.
First of all, it's bad enough that members of Congress — representing both parties — are so irresponsible they can't handle a basic function such as adopting a budget, something state and local governments, businesses and families routinely do. This is evident not just with the spending plan, but virtually any issue of consequence to address our nation's many woes.
The problem is that members of both parties are more interested in pleasing their corporate donors and other special interests than they are helping rank-and-file Americans. Senators and representatives largely have become a privileged class who believe they don't have to play by the rules, ones they themselves make.
Although people like myself are paid to offer these kinds of observations in the dim hope they might actually elicit change, I wholeheartedly believe change won't occur unless some major overhaul in Washington replaces most of the present leadership.
While the fiscal irresponsibility surrounding the recent budget impasse has been sickening in and of itself, the really disgusting thing is how congressional Democrats have tied their support for a spending bill to relief for DACA participants.
You know, the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals (Dreamers) program that gives special treatment to hundreds of thousands (and maybe more) illegal immigrants brought by their illegal immigrant parents to this country as kids “through no fault of their own.”
Now they are young adults who are all military heroes, heart surgeons or Rhodes Scholars with spotless criminal records, and despite being such great and talented people aren't depriving legal citizens of jobs.
Even if all that were true, it's disgraceful to see how the Democratic Party has been putting the interests of DACA participants above those of our military personnel who suffer from shutdowns, including not getting paid.
When was the last time Democrats went to bat to such a degree for our own inner-city youths who are “Dreamers” deprived of a good education or economic opportunities while Dems cater to people who shouldn't be here in the first place?
When was the last time the Democrat Party was all in to help veterans plagued by homelessness and unemployment?
To be honest, the Democrats once were the party of the working man, which somewhere along the way was hijacked by far-left cultural elitists. They deal in a currency of identity politics which sees issues such as who uses what bathroom as more important than those aiding the common man.
While their unwavering desire to avoid doing anything that in any way inconveniences illegal aliens (at the expense of legal Americans) is part of this trend, the truth is Democrats are selfishly motivated.
As Sen. Ted Cruz remarked during the 2016 presidential campaign, another definition for illegal immigrants is “undocumented Democrats.” And obviously with their core support among real Americans dwindling to the point their party basically has rendered itself irrelevant, Democrats are seeking a ready-made group of subservient voters.
This can be accomplished by legalizing the DACA group and any other non-citizens on which Democrats can lay their hands.
Here again, the common man is lost in the shuffle.
As long as there are homeless veterans whose needs are not being met, people mired in poverty through governmental policies and additional conditions “through no fault of their own” and other legal residents in need, not one bit of energy should be devoted to assisting illegals.
Given that many people from other nations have spent years and untold sums of money to become U.S. citizens the right way, I personally won't be satisfied until every person now within our borders illegally is deported once and for all.
We either have laws and rules, or we don't. And build that wall.
You can't convince me this wouldn't benefit legal Americans by freeing up jobs they supposedly won't take, including better-than-average construction positions often occupied by illegals. Along the way companies — yes, many of which grease the Republican wheels with donations — would be forced to pay decent wages rather than exploiting cheap labor.
The first ones who should be deported are the parents of Dreamers, who when described as people brought here “through no fault of their own” is another way of saying it was somebody's fault — theirs.
In the meantime, DACA will continue to be another way of saying Democrats Against Common Americans.
Tom Joyce https://www.mtairynews.com/wp-content/uploads/2018/01/web1_tomjoyce-2.jpg Tom Joyce
By Tom Joyce tjoyce@civitasmedia.com
Tom Joyce is a staff writer for The Mount Airy News. He may be reached at 336-415-4693 or on Twitter @Me_Reporter.
Tom Joyce is a staff writer for The Mount Airy News. He may be reached at 336-415-4693 or on Twitter @Me_Reporter.
All Times EST EASTERN CONFERENCE GP W L OT Pts GF GA Tampa Bay 50 34 13 3 71 176 128 Boston 48 29 11 8 66 157 119 Washington 49 29 15 5 63 150 138 Toronto 52 29 18 5 63 167 146 Pittsburgh 52 28 21 3 59 156 155 New Jersey 49 25 16 8 58 147 147 Columbus 50 27 19 4 58 133 140 Philadelphia 49 24 17 8 56 141 141 N.Y. Rangers 50 25 20 5 55 153 151 N.Y. Islanders 52 25 22 5 55 173 189 Carolina 50 23 19 8 54 139 155 Florida 48 20 22 6 46 136 159 Detroit 48 19 21 8 46 126 146 Montreal 50 20 24 6 46 130 159 Ottawa 48 15 24 9 39 125 168 Buffalo 50 14 27 9 37 115 166 WESTERN CONFERENCE GP W L OT Pts GF GA Vegas 49 33 12 4 70 168 130 Winnipeg 51 30 13 8 68 167 137 Nashville 48 29 12 7 65 146 125 St. Louis 52 31 18 3 65 151 131 Dallas 51 28 19 4 60 155 137 San Jose 49 26 16 7 59 145 138 Los Angeles 50 27 18 5 59 142 121 Minnesota 50 27 18 5 59 147 142 Anaheim 51 25 17 9 59 144 142 Colorado 49 27 18 4 58 160 143 Calgary 50 25 17 8 58 139 139 Chicago 50 24 19 7 55 148 137 Edmonton 49 22 24 3 47 135 157 Vancouver 50 20 24 6 46 131 162 Arizona 50 12 29 9 33 118 172
NOTE: Two points for a win, one point for overtime loss. Top three teams in each division and two wild cards per conference advance to playoffs.
Tuesday's Games
Minnesota 3, Columbus 2, SO
Pittsburgh 5, San Jose 2
Florida 4, N.Y. Islanders 1
Anaheim 3, Boston 1
Carolina 2, Ottawa 1
New Jersey 3, Buffalo 1
Winnipeg 3, Tampa Bay 1
St. Louis 3, Montreal 1
Chicago 2, Nashville 1
Los Angeles 3, Dallas 0
Vegas 4, Calgary 2
Vancouver 4, Colorado 3, OT
Wednesday's Games
Toronto 5, N.Y. Islanders 0
San Jose at Detroit, 8 p.m.
Philadelphia at Washington, 8 p.m.
Thursday's Games
Toronto at N.Y. Rangers, 7 p.m.
Montreal at Carolina, 7 p.m.
St. Louis at Boston, 7 p.m.
Florida at Buffalo, 7 p.m.
Anaheim at Ottawa, 7 p.m.
Philadelphia at New Jersey, 7 p.m.
Vegas at Winnipeg, 8 p.m.
Los Angeles at Nashville, 8:30 p.m.
Tampa Bay at Calgary, 9 p.m.
Dallas at Arizona, 9 p.m.
Colorado at Edmonton, 9 p.m.
Chicago at Vancouver, 10 p.m.
Friday's Games
Washington at Pittsburgh, 7 p.m.
Detroit at Carolina, 7 p.m.
San Jose at Columbus, 7 p.m.
Vegas at Minnesota, 8 p.m.
Saturday's Games
Ottawa at Philadelphia, 1 p.m.
Anaheim at Montreal, 1 p.m.
Detroit at Florida, 7 p.m.
Pittsburgh at New Jersey, 7 p.m.
St. Louis at Buffalo, 7 p.m.
Columbus at N.Y. Islanders, 7 p.m.
Colorado at Winnipeg, 7 p.m.
Toronto at Boston, 7 p.m.
N.Y. Rangers at Nashville, 8 p.m.
Minnesota at Dallas, 8 p.m.
Tampa Bay at Vancouver, 10 p.m.
Chicago at Calgary, 10 p.m.
Arizona at Los Angeles, 10:30 p.m.
WASHINGTON (AP) — Canceled and delayed flights are rising on the nation's leading airlines, and so are consumer complaints.
That's according to new figures released Wednesday by the U.S. Department of Transportation.
The rate of canceled flights nearly doubled to 1.6 percent in April compared to the same month in 2016. Delta Air Lines accounted for nearly half the cancellations — it was crippled for days by a one-day storm in Atlanta.
About 78.5 percent of flights arrived within 14 minutes of schedule, down from the 84.5 percent on-time rate in April 2016.
Complaints rose 70 percent, although only a tiny fraction of the millions of travelers lodged a protest.
April was also the month in which a passenger was dragged from a full United Express flight to make room for crew members.
NEW YORK (AP) — A family-owned movie theater in New York City known as a destination for independent and foreign films has screened its last films.
On Sunday, Lincoln Plaza Cinemas closed down after 37 years in operation. The theater's landlord plans to renovate the space and replace it with a new theater complex.
The six-screen, underground theater opened in 1981 and was a location for patrons to view art house and foreign films that often did not see wide theatrical release.
Last week, Sunshine Cinema on Houston Street — another independent theater — closed to make way for a new office building.
JOHNSON CITY, TN (WJHL)-In Johnson City Sunday night dozens of people gathered to show a sign of solidarity for Charlottesville after violence erupted over the weekend.
Abbey Mann, a post doctoral researcher at ETSU, said she organized the event Sunday night at Founders Park downtown after she saw other vigils and gatherings planned around the country, and couldn't find one locally.
“Amazing to see so many people here, it was great, it was unexpected and it just came together, and people felt strongly about what happened, and they showed up,” Mann said.
One by one speaker took center stage at the park to discuss the events that unfolded in Charlottesville.
People like Kim Ward Bailey who attended the candlelight vigil said they were in shock over what happened in Virginia.
“When I heard what was going on I was devastated…it's such a quiet little town and my heart was breaking that this was going on,” Bailey said.
“It is terrible, it is not okay, but unfortunately it is not surprising, the violence is awful and we need to stand up against it,” Mann said.
News Channel 11's Caroline Corrigan was at the ceremony and was told more than 60 people showed up to Sunday night's event.
Copyright 2017 WJHL. All rights reserved.
The White House announced February 13, 2017 that Michael Flynn has resigned as President Donald Trump's national security advisor, amid escalating controversy over his contacts with Moscow (AFP Photo/NICHOLAS KAMM)
Washington (AFP) - The White House battled Tuesday to insulate Donald Trump from the scandal over a top aide's contacts with Russia, as calls grew for an independent investigation.
Trump's young presidency has been thrown into turmoil after the forced resignation of his national security advisor and long-time supporter Michael Flynn.
The retired three-star general and former head of US defense intelligence is accused of discussing sanctions strategy with Russia's ambassador Sergey Kislyak before taking office.
The White House said that after weeks of internal investigation -- which turned up no wrongdoing but "eroded" trust -- Trump had requested and accepted Flynn's resignation late Monday.
Flynn is the third Trump aide to step back amid questions about his ties to Russia since the mogul began his improbable White House bid.
His departure follows those of election campaign manager Paul Manafort and Carter Page, an early foreign policy advisor to the candidate.
The unprecedented early resignation of a key member of staff has rocked an administration already buffeted by leaks, infighting and legal defeats.
Amid the tumult, the White House denied that Trump had instructed Flynn to discuss the possibility that Obama-era sanctions would be rolled back.
"No, absolutely not. No, no, no," said White House spokesman Sean Spicer, when asked whether such a conversation took place.
- 'Eroding trust' -
Spicer said the president "instinctively thought that General Flynn did not do anything wrong and the White House counsel's review corroborated that," adding that the counsel "determined that there is not an illegal issue, but rather a trust issue."
"The evolving and eroding level of trust as a result of this situation and a series of other questionable instances is what led the president to ask for General Flynn's resignation."
Trump took to Twitter to insist that "The real story here is why are there so many illegal leaks coming out of Washington?"
The White House also insisted that Trump -- despite repeatedly professing admiration for Vladimir Putin and suggesting sanctions could be lifted -- "has been incredibly tough on Russia."
In a new hardening of the US line on Russia, Spicer added that "President Trump has made it very clear he expects the Russian government to de-escalate violence in Ukraine and return Crimea."
The State Department meanwhile expressed concern that Russia is in breach of the Intermediate-Range Nuclear Forces Treaty, after reports that Moscow had deployed an operational ground-launched cruise missile unit.
- Inquiries and missteps -
The White House's efforts are likely to do little to assuage concerns on Capitol Hill about Russia's influence in US politics.
On Tuesday the White House admitted the president had known as early as January 26 that Flynn may have made misleading statements, apparently contradicting Trump's statement last Friday that he was unaware of the issue.
Republicans and Democrats in Congress have now called for an investigation into what occurred, although they differ sharply on the scope and powers.
"This. Is. Not. Normal." said Democratic Senator Elizabeth Warren, insisting "Trump owes Americans a full account" of his administration's dealings with Moscow before and after the 2016 election.
The US Senate's top Republican Mitch McConnell said it was "highly likely" that Flynn would have to testify before an intelligence panel, potentially heaping pressure on Trump.
The CIA, FBI and other intelligence agencies have already investigated Moscow's influence over the 2016 vote, concluding the Kremlin tried to sway it in Trump's favor.
Various committees in the Republican-controlled Congress are looking into Russia's election-related hacking and the Trump campaign's links to Moscow.
- Possible replacements -
Flynn's resignation came after details of his calls to the ambassador were made public -- increasing pressure on Trump to act.
The Justice Department had warned the White House that Flynn misled senior administration officials about the contents of his talks with Kislyak, and that it could make him vulnerable to Russian blackmail, US media reported.
The message was delivered in the last days of Barack Obama's administration by then-acting attorney general Sally Yates -- who Trump sacked after she instructed government lawyers not to defend the new president's controversial travel ban.
WARSAW, Poland (AP) — A Warsaw governor has taken steps to prevent a planned far-right protest outside the Israeli Embassy by banning traffic in the area, citing security concerns.
Right-wing groups have called the protest for late Wednesday amid a spat between Poland and Israel over pending Polish legislation that would outlaw blaming Poland for Holocaust crimes committed by Nazi Germany.
Israel has vehemently protested the law saying its unclear wording would stifle historic research and truth.
Warsaw regional governor Zdzislaw Sipera said Wednesday that for security reasons he is banning traffic around the embassy until Feb.5., except for residents and city services, to prevent protesters from gathering.
He said the embassy has expressed security concerns ahead of the protest.
BUENOS AIRES, Argentina (AP) — Finance ministers and central bankers of G-20 countries are meeting in Argentina at a summit that has been eclipsed by growing concerns over U.S. President Donald Trump's import tariffs on steel and aluminum and the potential of a trade war.
Officials are also discussing issues including infrastructure development and the technology behind cryptocurrencies during the two-day meeting that began Monday in the Argentine capital.
U.S. Treasury Secretary Steve Mnuchin, European Central Bank President Mario Draghi and International Monetary Fund head Christine Lagarde are among those attending the summit in Buenos Aires.
It is the first of five meetings by finance ministers and central bankers scheduled in advance of a main G-20 meeting in Argentina that will be held Nov. 30-Dec 1.
LONDON (AP) — With smoke still swirling around the charred remains of Grenfell Tower in west London, residents and community leaders demanded to know Wednesday how a ferocious fire could have swept through the high-rise apartment block with such speed that it killed at least 12 people.
The anger was particularly strong since activists had warned just seven months ago that fire safety procedures were so lax that only a catastrophic blaze would bring the scrutiny needed to make the building safe.
WHAT HAPPENED?
Fire and police officials have not specified what went wrong, but extensive video footage shows the flames climbing the exterior of the building at a remarkable pace.
"I've never seen a fire like that in my life," said Joe Ruane, the former deputy chief fire officer for U.S. Air Force bases in Britain. "I've never seen that in a residential block."
The 24-story public housing complex is owned by the local government council in the borough of Kensington and Chelsea and was completed in the 1970s. It is managed by the Kensington and Chelsea Tenant Management Organization, which spent 10 million pounds ($12.8 million) refurbishing the building over the last two years.
The renovation project included installation of insulated exterior cladding, double-glazed windows and a communal heating system. Investigators need to look at what materials were used in the project and who approved their use, Ruane said. But he said the speed with which the fire spread suggests that more than one fire protection safeguard failed.
"It's not just one thing," Ruane said. "It's multiple issues."
WHAT WAS THE FIRE PROCEDURE AT THE BUILDING?
Some residents suggested that Grenfell Tower's policies were to blame for the disaster.
A newsletter put out by the building's tenant organization told tenants to follow a "stay put" policy and remain in their apartments during a fire unless the blaze was inside their apartment or in their hallway or until they were told to evacuate by officials.
This policy is in place "because Grenfell was designed according to rigorous fire-safety standards," according to the 2014 newsletter about the renovation project. New front doors in each apartment could withstand a fire for up to 30 minutes, "which gives plenty of time for the fire brigade to arrive," the newsletter said.
That policy, often followed in high-rise hotels, may be effective in lesser fires. In this case, however, the fire seemed to climb the exterior of the tower so quickly that it overwhelmed protective systems like fire doors. People who initially remained in place may have been unable to escape later because the hallways and fire escapes were filled with heavy smoke and flames.
The London Fire Brigade said crews were on the scene within six minutes of the first reports of the fire, but they were unable to reach people on higher floors to prevent fatalities.
WHO IS TO BLAME?
While investigations are underway to determine what went wrong, tenants said repeated complaints were ignored. Survivor Edward Daffarn said the Kensington and Chelsea Tenant Management Organization, or KCTMO, which manages the Grenfell Tower as well as other buildings in the area, is responsible because it ignored numerous warnings.
The management organization's annual accounts for the year ending March 31, 2016, indicate that the company has been cited for fire-safety issues in the past.
Following an October 2015 arson fire at one of the buildings it manages, the 14-story Adair Tower, the London Fire Brigade issued an enforcement notice to install self-closing devices on the front doors of all 78 apartments and to improve fire safety in staircases used for escape, the organization said in the report.
The Fire Brigade issued a similar notice for another KCTMO-managed building, Hazelwood Tower. The upgrades were scheduled to be completed by 2016, the report said.
The Grenfell Tower disaster is uncomfortably similar to a fast-moving blaze at another London-area public housing project, Lakanal House, that killed six people, including three children, eight years ago. In that July 2009 fire, smoke and flames quickly engulfed the 14-story building. A coroner's inquest found that a series of failures contributed to the loss of life and made a number of recommendations to help prevent future disasters.
Investigators probing the Grenfell Tower fire will have to look at which of those recommendations were implemented in the building and which were not, said Jim Fitzpatrick, a former firefighter who now serves in the House of Commons.
"These will be matters for the scientists and the engineers ... to find out exactly how the fire started, why it spread so quickly and what could have been done to prevent it," Fitzpatrick told Sky News.
A local community organization, the Grenfell Action Group, had warned about fire dangers at the building since 2013. In a series of blog posts, the group raised concerns about testing and maintenance of fire-fighting equipment and blocked emergency access to the site.
"All our warnings fell on deaf ears, and we predicted that a catastrophe like this was inevitable and just a matter of time," the group said in a blog post Wednesday.
KCTMO said it is cooperating with investigators and that it was aware of tenant complaints. "We always take all concerns seriously and these will form part of our forthcoming investigations," it said in a statement.
The Kensington and Chelsea Council promised a full investigation into Wednesday's tragedy and a public accounting. The UK government also ordered checks at tower blocks that have had or are going through similar renovations as those at Grenfell Tower.
Author: Christine Dibley
ISBN: 978-1-74354-744-1
RRP: $32.99
To The Sea is the debut novel of Tasmanian author Christine Dibley, a novel which weaves Irish folklore into a contemporary missing person case for a captivating read which will definitely keep you on your toes.
Zoe Kennett is a seventeen year old girl from a big family celebrating Christmas in the family's beach house on the Tasmanian coast; she is an accomplished swimmer and sailor who disappeared in calm, clear waters.
Detective Inspector Tony Vincent is the senior officer who responds to the call and the further the investigation delves the more the pieces don't seem to fit.
The story is told from multiple points of view and spans centuries, and continents. Dibley has deftly woven Irish folklore into the narrative in a way that leaves everyone wondering, could this actually play a part in the disappearance of a talented 17-year old girl.
To The Sea is very much a character driven novel and through the pages we realise just how little these characters knew about Zoe. She is one of five children and the youngest by far, her oldest nieces and nephews are the same age as her, meaning that her siblings really don't know her very well at all. They had all moved out of home, and many away from Tasmania, before she was born. This was one aspect of the story I could relate to because I moved out of home when my youngest sister was still a baby and my other sisters were still quite young; it really does have a profound affect on the relationship you form with siblings from long distances.
In Zoe's case it wasn't just her siblings that didn't know her well. Her cousins, her friends and even the boyfriend her family wasn't aware of didn't know her intimately.
Different characters told their own stories, all of which melded for a cohesive and gripping story with some unpredictable twists and an ending that I didn't see coming.
The theme of history repeating throughout the generations is palpable and it left me making predictions that didn't always come to fruition.
I really am a little at a loss of what I want to say about To The Sea because I don't want to spoil anything and this is a very complex family saga. The characters and the dynamics are intricate and well developed, leaving you needing to know more at every turn. The size of the book was a little daunting to begin with, 447 pages is a little heftier than I've been reading of late, but I got through it quite quickly because I was so entranced.
Dibley has captured the beauty and the untamed wilds of the oceans and the coastlines in her settings, both in Tasmania and in Ireland. Her writing evokes vivid pictures of both land and sea, as well as her main characters, and I can't wait to see what she may have in store for us next.
Be sure to check back tomorrow because we have an interview with Christine Dibley where we learn a little more about her process and her story.
Christine Dibley can be followed on Facebook.
To The Sea is book #64 for the Australian Women Writer's Challenge 2016.
To The Sea is published by Pan Macmillan and is available now from Angus & Robertson Bookworld, Booktopia and where all good books are sold.
RRP: $32.99
You May Also Like:
BERLIN (AP) — Austrian Chancellor Sebastian Kurz says he's opening proceedings to have a student fraternity shut down for promoting neo-Nazi ideals.
The APA news agency reported Wednesday that Kurz told reporters he'd agreed with Interior Minister Herbert Kickl to try to shut down the small Germania fraternity after Austrian media reported its songbook contained neo-Nazi lyrics.
The report revealing the songbook lyrics focused on Freedom Party state lawmaker Udo Landbauer, who served on Germania's board. He said he's never heard the songs sung.
Still, Kurz said there should be political consequences, but that was for the Freedom Party to decide.
The Freedom Party, which was led by former Nazis in the postwar period but has distanced itself from that past, is the junior partner in Kurz's new national coalition government.
The latest on developments in financial markets (all times local):
9:35 a.m.
Hopes that new elections in Italy can be avoided helped send stocks broadly higher in the U.S. and Europe.
The gains early Wednesday on Wall Street erased about half of the market's losses from a day earlier, when investors worried that an impasse in Italian politics could destabilize the euro.
Banks, which took heavy losses the day before, rebounded. JPMorgan Chase added 1.5 percent. U.S. banks were benefiting from a turn higher in bond yields, which allows them to charge higher interest rates on loans.
The S&P 500 index rose 16 points, or 0.6 percent, to 2,706.
The Dow Jones industrial average rose 162 points, or 0.6 percent, to 24,517. The Nasdaq climbed 34 points, or 0.5 percent, to 7,431.
The yield on the 10-year Treasury rose to 2.85 percent.
Tuesday - Thundery showers mainly over northern and eastern Singapore in the afternoon.
Wednesday - Late morning and early afternoon thundery showers.
Getty Image
Next week Monday, the Great American Eclipse will arrive with more fanfare than any celestial event since Haley's Comet buzzed past us in '86. Of course, viewing said event will involve staring directly at the sun, which is not generally recommended, so people are buying eclipse glasses in bulk. Unfortunately, some of those are fakes, and now Amazon is cracking down.
In order to properly view the eclipse by looking at it directly, you need eye protection that complies with ISO 12312-2:2015 — the standard for stuff that lets you look directly at the sun. We're not talking about Ray-Bans, here, either; these are industrial solar filters designed to cut out almost all of the light from the sun. Without that protection, you run the risk of solar retinopathy. Basically, you overwhelm your vision, and they may not recover. That makes fake eclipse glasses particularly dangerous, but that hasn't stopped the unscrupulous from selling them via Amazon:
According to an Amazon safety notification… the e-commerce giant has removed the pages for products it could not verify met minimum standards including “MASCOTKING Solar Eclipse Glasses 2017 – CE and ISO Certified Safe Shades for Direct Sun Viewing — Eye Protection.” It is also offering refunds to customers who have purchased those products.
So, how do you spot fakes? The good news is that it's simple. The filtering effects of the standard are so strong that if they meet the qualifications, the sun should be literally the only thing you see when you wear them. So if you put them on in a normally lit room and can still see the lights, they're not safe to use. If you're buying in person, try them on in the store. If it's not blackout conditions, don't buy them.
German Foreign Minister says Poland can rely on his country to condemn distortions of history regarding the Nazi camps.
German Foreign Minister Sigmar Gabriel on Saturday related to the controversial Polish bill that would make it illegal to suggest Poland bore any responsibility for Nazi crimes committed on its soil during World War II.
Quoted by The Associated Press, Gabriel said Poland can rely on his country to condemn distortions of history such as descriptions of Nazi camps in occupied Poland as “Polish concentration camps.”
“This organized mass murder was carried out by our country and no one else. Individual collaborators change nothing about that,” said the German Foreign Minister.
“We are convinced that only carefully appraising our own history can bring reconciliation. That includes people who had to experience the intolerable suffering of the Holocaust being able to speak unrestrictedly about this suffering,” he added, according to AP.
The legislation, which was approved by the Polish lower house of parliament and the Senate, still needs the president's signature to take effect.
The bill would make the use of phrases such as “Polish death camps” punishable by up to three years in prison and would apply to both Polish citizens and foreigners.
Israel, however, has expressed concern that the legislation relating to the extermination of Jews by Nazi Germany in occupied Poland during World War II, could serve to deny the involvement of individual Poles in the Holocaust.
Israel's Foreign Ministry responded on Thursday to the Polish Senate's decision to approve the law.
"The State of Israel firmly opposes the Polish Senate's decision," a ministry spokesperson said. "Israel views with gravity all attempts to harm the historical truth. No law will change the facts."
The U.S. also had reservations about the law. The State Department had urged Poland to reconsider the law before the vote in the Senate. On Thursday, the American embassy in Poland said it was “concerned about the repercussions” for bilateral relations of legislation in Warsaw about the Holocaust.
Polish Prime Minister Mateusz Morawiecki said on Friday that finding a way out of a diplomatic row with Israel and the U.S. triggered by the controversial Holocaust bill was a "do-or-die moment" for him.
"This is a temporary weakening of relations with Israel and the USA but I hope that soon they will improve as we will explain our position," he was quoted as having told a group of foreign journalists.
"As a prime minister this a do-or-die moment. We will be explaining. It's an important moment," he added.
Facebook
A national search is underway for Steve Stephens, the suspect behind a random deadly shooting of a 74-year-old man broadcast on Facebook on Easter. Authorities are offering a $50,000 reward for any information that leads to an arrest of Stephens, who is considered armed and dangerous. The money is coming from the FBI, the ATF and the US Marshals Service, as they fan out in an attempt to locate him.
Cleveland Police Chief Calvin Williams held a press conference this afternoon to explain the status of the search: “This is what we would consider a national search for Steve, so we are not going to leave any stone unturned.”
Newly launched bitcoin futures on Monday suggested that traders expect the cryptocurrency's blistering price gains to slow in the coming months, even as it blasted above US$17,000 to a fresh record high in the spot market.
Chicago-based derivatives exchange Cboe Global Markets launched the futures yesterday, marking the first time investors could get exposure to the bitcoin market via a large, regulated exchange.
The one-month bitcoin contract opened at 6 p.m. local time (2300 GMT) on Sunday at US$15,460. By late afternoon on Monday in New York, it was trading at $18,650, roughly 8 percent above bitcoin's spot price of $16,900 on the Bitstamp exchange.
Bitcoin earlier hit a record high of $17,270.
Its steep gains and rapid rise have attracted investors around the world as well as intense scrutiny from government regulators, which is the very opposite of what its creators wanted when it first launched bitcoin more than eight years ago.
"The bitcoin founder should be horrified seeing it rise so quickly, as any serious focus on it and its recent explosive move higher will soon end its freedom," said John Taylor Jr, president and founder of research firm Taylor Global Vision in New York.
Taylor believes that based on his charts, bitcoin has not yet peaked, but as soon as the "upmove ends, it will crash."
Given bitcoin has almost tripled in value over the past month, and was up more than 15 percent on Monday alone, the futures pricing suggested investors see price increases moderating.
Bitcoin futures were already offered on some unregulated cryptocurrency exchanges outside the United States, but backers said the U.S. market debut would confer greater legitimacy on the volatile cryptocurrency and encourage its wider use.
The CME Group is expected to launch its futures contract on Dec. 17.
Volatility concerns
Although there are hopes that the futures will draw in new investors, most fund managers at larger asset managers and institutional investors said bitcoin remains too volatile and lacks the fundamentals that give other assets value.
"There's no place for bitcoin in a multi-asset portfolio given the very high volatility," said Robeco Chief Investment Officer Lukas Daalder.
The two-month contract was trading at $18,750, an 11 percent premium over the spot price, while the three-month contract was changing hands at $18,140, a roughly 12 percent premium.
While modest when compared with bitcoin's 270 percent increase over the past three months and 230 percent rise in the last two months, those levels still indicated a lack of large "short" positions betting against bitcoin.
"Anyone, especially a professional trading outfit, would be crazy to actually short sell this bull market," said Nick Spanos, founder of Bitcoin Center NYC. "But just because it doesn't happen on day one doesn't mean it won't in the future."
Bitcoin was up more than 1,600 percent so far in 2017, having started the year at less than $1,000.
'March towards legitimisation'
As of early afternoon trading in New York, 3,951 one-month contracts had changed hands, meaning around $73.1 million had been notionally traded. That compares with daily trading volumes of more than $21.5 billion across all cryptocurrencies, according to trade website Coinmarketcap.
There had been speculation that the futures launch would trigger more gyrations in the market. But while volatile compared with traditional currencies or assets, the rise on Monday was relatively tame for bitcoin.
Bitcoin surged more than 40 percent in 48 hours last week, before tumbling 20 percent in the following 10 hours.
"(Bitcoin futures) will speed up the march towards legitimisation of an asset class that only a few years ago many law enforcement agencies would have argued had limited legitimate reasons for people to use," said Jo Torode, a financial crime lawyer at Ropes & Gray in London.
The futures are cash-settled contracts, allowing investors exposure without having to hold any of the cryptocurrency.
The futures are based on the auction price of bitcoin in U.S. dollars on the Gemini Exchange, which is owned and operated by virtual currency entrepreneurs and brothers Cameron and Tyler Winklevoss.
Dramatic gains
Bitcoin was set up in 2008 by an individual or group calling themselves Satoshi Nakamoto, and was the first digital currency to successfully use cryptography to keep transactions secure and hidden, making traditional financial regulation difficult if not impossible.
Central bankers and critics of the cryptocurrency have been ringing the alarm bells over its surge in price and other risks such as whether the opaque market can be used for money laundering.
"It looks remarkably like a bubble forming to me," the Reserve Bank of New Zealand's Acting Governor Grant Spencer said on Sunday.
Somebody who invested $1,000 in bitcoin at the start of 2013 would now be sitting on around $1.2 million.
Heightened excitement ahead of the launch of the Cboe futures gave an extra kick to the cryptocurrency's scorching run this year.
The launch has so far received a mixed reception from big U.S. banks and brokerages.
Several online brokerages, including Charles Schwab Corp and TD Ameritrade Holding Corp, did not allow trading of the new futures immediately.
The Financial Times reported on Friday that JPMorgan Chase & Co and Citigroup Inc would not immediately clear bitcoin trades for clients.
Goldman Sachs Group Inc said on Thursday it was planning to clear such trades for certain clients.
(Additional reporting by Chuck Mikolajczak and John McCrank in NEW YORK; Michelle Chen in HONG KONG and Helen Reid in LONDON; Graphics by Ritvik Carvalho in LONDON and Reuters Graphics team; Editing by Meredith Mazzilli)
CAIRO (AP) — An Egyptian court has sentenced 19 Muslim defendants to a one-year suspended sentence for attacking an unlicensed church south of Cairo.
Wednesday's sentence was handed down in Atfih misdemeanor court. The defendants will not have to serve prison time unless they get into trouble again.
Separately, a Coptic Christian defendant was fined 360,000 Egyptian pounds (about $20,383) for setting up the unlicensed church.
The incident took place Dec. 22 when dozens of demonstrators gathered outside the building and stormed it. They destroyed the church's contents and assaulted Christians inside before security forces arrived and dispersed them.
The church in Giza outside the capital Cairo has yet to be sanctioned by the state but has held prayers for 15 years.
Christians constitute around 10 percent of Egypt's predominantly Muslim population.
Imagine lying in bed cozy and warm, wondering if you should get up, pack your surfboard and go surf.
“Alexa, ask Surfline what's the surf report at the Huntington Beach Pier?”
Or maybe you have a trip coming up, and want to know whether to pack a wetsuit.
“Alexa, what's the water temperature at Waikiki?”
Finding out the surf conditions just got easier, as Huntington Beach-based forecasting company Surfline.com this week announced a new collaboration with Amazon called “Surfline for Alexa” giving wave-chasers a new way to “know before you go,” as the Surfline motto goes.
A surfer heads towards the waves on the south-side of Huntington Beach Pier. SCNG FILE PHOTO.
A surfer rides a wave in Huntington Beach. SCNG FILE PHOTO.
Surfers can now find out what the surf will be like using Alexa. (Photo by Jeff Gritchen, Orange County Register/SCNG)
A surfer checks out the waves in Huntington Beach. Now, surfers can find out the forecast by asking Alexa. SCNG FILE PHOTO.
“I think that's a cultural value of our company, to be pushing our limits,” said Ross Garrett, Surfline.com's Senior Vice President of corporate development. “Surfline, in the surf media landscape, we have a bit of responsibility to take the surfing world into the future. There's not really any one else that is going to do that. But that's not new, we've done that for 35 years.”
From phones to Fitbits
When the company was first started by founder Sean Collins with 976-SURF, the call-in recording was groundbreaking for the time. Most 976 calls at the time were illicit in nature, Garrett joked, and there were plenty of upset parents wondering what the $1.50 charge was on their phone bill.
Then came the invention of the fax machine. Then came the website, admittedly “clunky and weird,” Garrett said, and the first web cams, which were flip photos that uploaded so fast that the stream looked like a video.
Besides getting forecasts from computers and phones, Surfline has also in recent years brought surf reports to wearable products. Four years ago, they teamed up with watch brand Nixon for the “Ultratide,” which gives surf forecasts and tides. They also recently teamed with Fitbit to have the Surfline app on the wrist device.
Developing an Alexa “skill” (an app for voice-activated Amazon devices) is just another way for the surf forecasting company to explore new methods to deliver wave information.
“Voice is on this really rapid curve of adoption. The interface is getting better and better. For us, it's super important that we can figure this thing out,” Garrett said. “We're returning to voice, (but now) it's a robot reading the data and output. It's kind of the next frontier of how we deliver value to surfers.”
How it works
The skill has a catalog of Surfline's daily reports, which include surf conditions, wave height, wind, tide and water temperature data. For the moment, the skill is only available in the USA but features thousands of the top spots around the world
In addition to surf height, users can request: “Alexa, ask Surfline for the wind at Malibu,” or “Alexa, ask Surfline for the tide at Trestles.” The skill launches when a user says “Alexa, open Surfline.” Saying “Alexa, ask Surfline for help” will bring up the voice of lead forecaster Kevin Wallis, who will talk users through directions.
It works on any Alexa-enabled device, such as Echo devices, Fire TV with Alexa remotes and Fire tablets.
HUNTSVILLE, Texas (AP) — Texas executes Dallas man for killing an ex-girlfriend while on parole for his estranged wife's slaying.
LONDON (AP) — This winter, a daily drip of grim stories from Britain's health care system has triggered a flood of alarm.
An 81-year-old woman with chest pains died while waiting four hours for an ambulance. A young woman in pain lay for five hours on a hospital floor. Patients across the country have been treated in corridors or stuck in ambulances because there are no free hospital beds.
These are not the usual winter aches and pains of a health service in heavy demand, medics and experts say, but a nationwide crisis triggered by years of underfunding. And Britain's decision to leave the European Union next year is making the situation worse for the National Health Service, a state-funded system that's both revered and criticized.
"It's not like there's a few bad apples or poorly performing organizations," said John Appleby, chief economist at health think-tank the Nuffield Trust. "It's completely systemic."
Few institutions are more central to British life than the NHS, founded in 1948 in a country determined to build a fairer society out of the ruins of war. It remains a source of pride for many that Britain provides free health care to all, funded through taxation. Politicians from across the political spectrum extol the NHS and pledge to support it.
It's also an unwieldy behemoth that employs more than 1 million people and struggles to cope with rising demand. This winter has brought a perfect storm of pressures, as the worst flu season in several years and a bad outbreak of winter vomiting bug exacerbated the effects of a long-term funding squeeze. Authorities have had to cancel thousands of operations and delay treatments, causing mounting anger among patients and staff.
Glynis Murphy, an academic in southern England, phoned for an ambulance earlier this month for her son, who had worsening abdominal pain for two days.
"I could hear my son upstairs shouting in pain. At the end of all this, (the dispatcher) said they couldn't send an ambulance. I was utterly shocked," she said.
Murphy drove her son to a hospital, where doctors found a ruptured appendix and operated. The ambulance service expressed regret but said there had been no ambulances to send due to high demand.
Stories like Murphy's have become commonplace. Partly, the problem is money. Since Britain's Conservative-led government introduced spending cuts in 2010 in the wake of the global financial crisis, NHS funding has grown about 1 percent a year. But demand is growing some 4 percent, as the British population gets larger and older.
Most British hospitals routinely miss targets such as a promise to treat 95 percent of emergency-room patients within four hours.
Brexit has brought new complications. Britain's vote in June 2016 to leave the 28-nation EU — and end the automatic right of EU citizens to live in the U.K. — threw the future of 3 million Europeans in Britain into doubt. That has prompted some to leave and deterred other Europeans from moving in.
That has made it harder to recruit EU medical staff, who make up about 5 percent of NHS employees.
The Nursing and Midwifery Council says in the year to September 2017, the number of European nurses and midwives joining the U.K.'s professional register fell 89 percent while the number leaving rose 67 percent.
With more British nurses also quitting, that means more nurses left the profession last year than joined.
Joan Pons Laplana, a nurse in Great Yarmouth in eastern England, said the combination of staff shortages, a heavier workload and stagnating public-sector salaries means "levels of sickness and stress have gone through the roof" for NHS employees.
The Spanish-born nurse, who has worked in Britain for 17 years, says he feels "completely betrayed" by the Conservative government, which declined for months to guarantee the rights of EU citizens in Britain. A deal with the EU on citizens' rights was eventually agreed upon in December.
"The government has made me feel very unwelcome and unvalued," he said.
While many of his European colleagues have decided to leave Britain, Pons Laplana, who has a British wife and three children, is torn.
"Every day I'm thinking, what will I do? Will I leave? But for me, it is not that easy," he said.
Health funding has also become entangled in the tug-of-war between Brexit supporters and opponents.
Before the 2016 Brexit referendum, the "leave" campaign plastered a bus with the eye-catching — and inaccurate — claim that Britain sends the EU 350 million pounds ($495 million) a week that could instead go to the NHS. (The net figure Britain sends is about half that).
Anti-EU politicians including Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson still argue there will be a "Brexit dividend" once the U.K. stops paying into the EU budget, and that can be spent on the NHS.
Yet Bank of England Governor Mark Carney said last week that Brexit has hurt economic growth in Britain and already cost the country 200 million pounds ($283 million) a week.
Politicians agree something must be done — but argue bitterly about what that is.
Opposition Labour Party leader Jeremy Corbyn called last week for 5 billion pounds ($7.1 billion) in emergency spending to "save the NHS from death by a thousand cuts."
Prime Minister Theresa May acknowledged that the health service was experiencing "winter pressures" but said the government was already putting more money into the system and recruiting more doctors and nurses.
Many experts say the problems go deeper than money.
Siva Anandaciva, chief analyst at health charity the King's Fund, said Britain needs to think about "fundamental changes to how we deliver care."
But big changes — whether fees, higher taxes or major restructuring — are politically unpalatable.
"You can't just keep pumping more funding into the NHS," Anandaciva said. "You have to make some hard choices ... at some point, the love for the NHS may become a barrier to change."
___
Follow Jill Lawless on Twitter at http://Twitter.com/JillLawless
PALM COAST, Fla.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Apr 24, 2018--Matthews Real Estate Investment Services™ , the nation's fastest growing commercial real estate company, announces the $10.55 million sale of Old Kings Commons. The 84,759 square foot multi-anchor community shopping center, sold by Regency Centers, is located in Florida's Atlantic coastal city of Palm Coast and just an hour south of Jacksonville. The buyer was a private family office based in South Florida. The transaction was spearheaded by Jordan Powell and Scott Henard, SVP and Regional Director of the Matthews™ Shopping Center Division.
This press release features multimedia. View the full release here: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180424006663/en/
Matthews™ closes Old Kings Commons, an 84,759 square foot multi-anchor shopping center in Palm Coast, FL. (Photo: Business Wire)
Matthews™ was able to source the buyer through its relationship and cooperation with a broker in South Florida. “This was a strong, fully stabilized center located in a market of Florida with extremely low vacancy. The buyers are very happy with their purchase and look forward to the long-term cash flow it will provide,” said Powell.
The Matthews™ Shopping Center Division prides themselves on their unwavering commitment to serving their clients' best interest. With Matthews™ competitive marketing technology and expansive national database, the division has earned a reputation for excellence in execution. For more information regarding this sale, or to discuss available shopping center inventory, please reach out to Scott Henard or Jordan Powell.
About Matthews Real Estate Investment Services:
MATTHEWS REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT SERVICES™ is recognized as an industry leader in shopping center, STNL, Multifamily, Management, Leasing, portfolio disposition and 1031 Exchange programs. The firm is headquartered in El Segundo, CA, and serves clients throughout the United States and Canada. For more information, please visit WWW.MATTHEWS.COM.
View source version on businesswire.com:https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180424006663/en/
CONTACT: Matthews Real Estate Investment Services
Cat Ray, (310) 955-1776
CAT.RAY@MATTHEWS.COM
KEYWORD: UNITED STATES NORTH AMERICA CALIFORNIA FLORIDA
INDUSTRY KEYWORD: PROFESSIONAL SERVICES REIT CONSULTING FINANCE RETAIL CONSTRUCTION & PROPERTY COMMERCIAL BUILDING & REAL ESTATE OTHER RETAIL
SOURCE: Matthews Real Estate Investment Services
Copyright Business Wire 2018.
PUB: 04/24/2018 05:51 PM/DISC: 04/24/2018 05:51 PM
http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180424006663/en
Wells Fargo & Co.'s leaders deserve fatter paychecks after a tough year, according to investors.
Shareholders voted Tuesday 92.4 percent in favor of the bank's executive compensation plan, based on preliminary results released at Wells Fargo's annual meeting in Des Moines, Iowa. The outcome is a sign of support for management despite more than two hours of at-times heated commentary at the event.
This year's result is down from the 96 percent approval rate in 2017. Some critics of the bank expressed outrage last month, after the firm awarded Chief Executive Officer Tim Sloan a $17.4 million package for 2017, a 36 percent raise. Part of that reflected his first full year running the company after a promotion. Sloan, who started his presentation by bringing his son, daughter-in-law and two grandchildren on stage, had asked the board not to award him a bonus and most of his package was restricted stock.
Shareholders also approved the election of directors on the ballot, with every candidate receiving at least 89.9 percent support, according to the preliminary results.
So-called say-on-pay votes, although only advisory, give investors a chance to object if they view compensation plans as too generous based on executives' performance. A drop in support — even if it's still a majority — can prompt a board to retool incentives to ensure managers are held accountable. In some cases it may even hasten a change in leadership.
‘Not enough!'
Before Wells Fargo's meeting, about 100 protesters from national and local groups entered the lobby of the Des Moines Marriott hotel after marching from the public library. They chanted “Not enough!” about the $1 billion fine regulators announced the bank would pay last week to settle consumer abuse complaints.
The demonstrators were protesting a variety of issues, including the bank's financing of gun makers, jails and fuel pipelines. They held signs with slogans including “Stop Banking on Student Debt” and “Stop Banking on the backs of poor working class black and brown communities.”
Among the most contentious moments of the meeting was a discussion between Sloan and Jordan Ash, a researcher with the St. Paul Federation of Teachers, who urged the bank to stop doing business with the National Rifle Association and do more to reduce gun violence in the U.S.
Sloan said he declined to meet with the teachers because they made public a letter he sent in response to their concerns without asking his permission. He said after that, a direct meeting “didn't make a whole lot of sense.”
“What we've done is we've promised to engage with our customers that are in that industry. We've had very active dialogue,” Sloan said. “We don't think it's a good idea to allow banks to decide what products and services Americans buy.”
Swamp draining
California State Treasurer and gubernatorial candidate John Chiang stood up three times to address Sloan, Chairwoman Elizabeth Duke and the board. Chiang said the bank has failed to adequately disclose how many Californians were harmed in the fake-accounts scandal and said Sloan is the wrong person to lead the company.
The CEO “cannot drain the swamp — he has become it,” Chiang said, prompting a response from Duke.
“I think he's the right CEO for Wells Fargo,” Duke said, citing his time with the company as an advantage and describing his commitment to change as “unwavering.”
Transcript for One dead after military chopper crashes in Maryland
We are learning more tonight about that deadly military crash a Blackhawk crashing down onto a Maryland golf course. It happened during a training mission at UH sixty Blackhawk helicopter up. Fort Belvoir Virginia crashing to that golf course in Maryland witnesses running to the scene there and letter town. Three crew members on board one did not survive. What do the others is in critical condition tonight but we're just reporting the chopper may have picked trees as it was coming down.
This transcript has been automatically generated and may not be 100% accurate.
Almost 48 hours after racist violence engulfed Charlottesville, Va., President Trump called out white nationalist groups by name. Trump's remarks on Monday following criticism that his initial statement about the clash of protesters did not condemn racist groups specifically.
"Racism is evil and those who cause violence in its name are criminals and thugs, including the KKK, neo-Nazis and white supremacists and other hate groups that are repugnant to everything we hold dear as Americans," the president from the White House.
Trump began his remarks talking about his economic accomplishments and plans for trade negotiations before turning his attention to the events over the weekend in Virginia and expressing sympathy for the three people who were killed. Heather Heyer, 32, died after a car rammed into a group of counterprotesters. Two Virginia State Troopers, Pilot Lt. H. Jay Cullen and Trooper-Pilot Berke M.M. Bates, died when their helicopter that was patrolling the event crashed.
Trump said that the Department of Justice had opened a civil rights investigation into the car attack.
"To anyone who acted criminally at this weekend's racist violence, you will be held fully accountable. Justice will be delivered," the president said.
But for many, the president's condemnations may be too little too late. His initial statement on Saturday, claiming that the clashes were a result of "hatred, bigotry and violence on many sides" was quickly criticized by many top Republicans for not calling out the white supremacists, alt-right, Ku Klux Klan and neo-Nazi groups who began the protests against the removal of a statute of the Confederate Gen. Robert E. Lee.
The White House put out an unsigned statement on Sunday morning, saying that, "The President said very strongly in his statement yesterday that he condemns all forms of violence, bigotry and hatred and of course that includes white Supremacists, KKK, neo-nazi and all extremist groups. He called for national unity and bringing all Americans together."
Vice President Pence went further than the president, telling reporters Sunday night while traveling in Colombia, "We have no tolerance for hate and violence from white supremacists, neo-Nazis or the KKK. These dangerous fringe groups have no place in American public life and in the American debate, and we condemn them in the strongest possible terms."
WASHINGTON (AP) – A Pentagon official tells The Associated Press that transgender people can enlist in the military beginning Jan. 1, despite President Donald Trump's opposition.
The new policy reflects growing legal pressure on the issue and the difficult hurdles the federal government would have to cross to enforce Trump's demand to ban transgender individuals from the military. Two federal courts already have ruled against the ban.
Potential transgender recruits will have to overcome a lengthy and strict set of physical, medical and mental conditions that make it possible, though difficult, for them to join the armed services.
Maj. David Eastburn says the enlistment of transgender recruits will start Jan. 1 and go on amid the legal battles. The Department of Defense also is studying the issue.
(Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.)
LAS VEGAS — Just one day before hosting the first sporting event in Las Vegas since Sunday's mass shooting, the UFC continues to show its support for those involved and the city it calls home
UFC President Dana White and others on stage for the UFC 216 ceremonial weigh-ins Friday at T-Mobile Arena wore black “Vegas Strong” shirts, while all the fighters came out with different versions of “Vegas Strong” shirts.
The UFC, which has said it will donate $1 million to the families affected by Sunday's massacre in which 58 people were killed and nearly 500 others were wounded, has asked all the fighters, their cornermen, the referees and more to wear “Vegas Strong” shirts Saturday at UFC 216.
Related Articles UFC 216: Tony Ferguson vs. Kevin Lee is a great fight with great drama
Photos: UFC 216 official weigh-ins
UFC 216: Beneil Dariush inspired by fellow Assyrians
UFC 216: Demetrious Johnson looks to make history and cement his legacy White also said more than 1,500 first responders have been invited to UFC 216, along with some of those who were wounded in the attack.
Regular security procedures are expected at the event.
MAD ABOUT THE MOUSE
With 13 consecutive fights without a loss, a 12-fight winning streak and 10 consecutive successful title defenses, flyweight champion Demetrious Johnson is regarded as the best pound-for-pound fighter in the sport.
UFC lightweight and Fox Sports analyst Paul Felder said “Mighty Mouse” – who goes for a UFC record 11th consecutive defense in the co-main event against third-ranked Ray Borg – is such a terrific fighter that what's fairly common inside the Octagon seems unthinkable against Johnson.
“He's so good and so great, when anybody does anything to him? ‘OHHHHH! Watch out!'” Felder said. “That's how dominant he's been in that division. To anyone else, that happens all the time. He's just a freak.”
Interim lightweight title challenger Kevin Lee recently spent some time with Johnson while on a media tour in Los Angeles.
As a 25-year-old in his first championship fight, Lee said soaked up everything he could.
“He's got that championship-level mindset. I like to surround myself with people like that. People who have already been there and done that, ” said Lee, who will fight Tony Ferguson in the main event Saturday. “I'm still young, I'm still learning. So whenever I can pick somebody's brain like that, it makes it even better.”
BIG ON BIG BEAR
Ferguson, who lives in Orange County, spends much of his training time before a fight at his newly built training facility in Big Bear.
Conceptualized and created by Ferguson, “El Cucuy” knows how many boxing great have taken advantage of the isolation and elevation to help them focus and enhance their conditioning.
“It's huge, man. It's an amazing place. I like it because it brings me back home,” Ferguson said. “I like to be outside. I like to be with the nature. I love to be free-spirited, man.”
Citizen Academy is open to people who live or work in Tustin. For more information, call 714-573-3026. To apply, go to: tustinca.org/depts/clerk/citizen_academy.
Care to dine al fresco with city bigwigs at the hangar?
That's the ultimate reward in graduating from Tustin's free 12-week Citizen Academy, which will take place 6 to 8 p.m. Wednesday evenings beginning March 29.
Former city councilman John Nielsen launched the program last year when he was mayor in an effort to get residents interested in city government.
“The academy gives people a chance to meet department heads and learn the day-to-day activities of the city,” said Erica Rabe, city services clerk supervisor.
“When people come to city hall, it's usually not for something fun – it's for some sort of problem or to pay a bill,” she added. “This gives people a positive experience with the city – and then, hopefully, they will become more involved in the community.”
Class size is held at 25, and deadline to apply is March 10.
Each segment is dedicated to a different facet of city management. Students meet and chat with council members and city employees in a casual environment.
“We're hoping that those who sign up can make the majority of dates, although we understand that people have other commitments,” Rabe said.
Over the three-month course, participants tour the police department and get a peek at the inner workings of the library and community centers. They learn what makes city departments tick – including finance, parks and recreation and community development.
Last year, the public works class was a big hit.
“People loved touring the city yard off Edinger and Red Hill,” Rabe said. “That's where the city keeps its heavy equipment such as street sweepers.”
Then on June 14, everyone will meet at the South Hangar for a catered dinner. Each student gets to bring a guest.
Dinner is served from food trucks since the huge hangar – which feels a hundred miles from city life –lacks kitchen facilities and basic infrastructure.
“It's a beautiful setting and a memorable event,” Rabe said. “Dinner's on us. We figure the participants earned it.”
Contact the writer: sgoulding@scng.com
PTI, JI leaders criticise Shehbaz over statement on finality of Prophethood clause
LAHORE: PTI's Shah Mehmood Qureshi and JI's Siraj-ul-Haq have criticised Punjab Chief Minister Shehbaz Sharif's statement over the clause on the finality of Prophethood in the recently passed elections act, saying whichever minister intended to make the amendment should be dismissed from the Cabinet.
However, while speaking to the media in Lahore, Qureshi said Elections Act 2017 was a historic move and effort was made in drafting the law.
He added that it was the government which made the act controversial and did so by adding Clause 203 to Elections Act 2017, which pertains to the eligibility of a person to hold office in a political party.
While condemning the amendment, Qureshi said it was wrong to create space for a disqualified person to hold party office.
Qureshi's statements were seconded by the Jamaat-e-Islami chief who said his party would support Shehbaz in the matter if he had said that the ministers responsible for making changes in the finality of Prophethood clause would be dismissed from the Cabinet.
The appointment of National Accountability Bureau chairperson also came under discussion during the meeting between Qureshi and Siraj.
Over the issue, Siraj said the opposition leader and prime minister should not be the ones to make a call on NAB chairperson's appointment.
“The decision should be taken by the chief justices of the Supreme Court, Islamabad High Court and those in the four provinces of Pakistan.”
Transcript for Centenarians break world records at track meet
Finally tonight, America strong. Catch them if you can. Lane number three, wearing his blue Jersey. 100-year-old Orville Rogers from Dallas. A World War II veteran, a bomber pilot, then a commercial pilot. Hanging up his wings and lacing up his shoes. This time, the 60-meter dash. His family, who we've met before here, cheering him on again. Breaking a new record. The oldest male runner to compete, this time, in the 60-meter dash. Hello, David. It's Orville in Dallas, checking in to say hi. Reporter: And to tell us he's still going strong. How great it feels at the age of 100 to break five new world track records and to bring home the gold. Reporter: Bringing it home. And he's not alone. On the right there, 102-year-old Julia "Hurricane" Hawkins, as they call her. Graduating from lsu in 1938, now the oldest woman to compete in the usa track and field championships. She, too, setting the world record. The 60-meter dash in 24.79 seconds. She has a message, too. Adrenaline that you get when you do sports is hard to express, but it's a wonderful thing. Reporter: Julia "Hurricane" Hawkins and Orville Rogers. America strong. We love them. Making us feel like slouches. I'm David Muir. I hope to see you right back here tomorrow. Les has removed toward the cave
This transcript has been automatically generated and may not be 100% accurate.
Share This Video Facebook Twitter EMAIL
PlayerUnknown's Battlegrounds, 2017's most successful game launches on Xbox One tomorrow, but in some parts of the world, they already have their hands on the Battle Royale experience that's hooked over 24 million people on PC. Unfortunately, it looks like there may be some optimization problems. Early streams and video captures are showing stuttering and an inconsistent framerate for the Xbox version of the game, with some saying the game dipped into the single-digits.
This isn't good, at all. PUBG is a fast-paced, kill or be killed game in which one wrong move in your battle to survive inside a shrinking battlefield against 99 other players needs the most precise movement possible. With no aim-assist on the analog controls of a console joypad, every frame matters, and right now it seems like people trying to survive are having a tough time. The rooms inside houses seem extremely dark, which will affect looting (especially in the early game rush for tools of survival), and textures are popping in and out. How will players know if that's a bush or a person they need to shoot?
And it's not the absolute most crucial part of the game, but beginning a match by parachuting out and landing in a safe area, or maneuvering away from a zone in which a host of people who want to kill you with anything they can get your hands on await, is important. In the below clip (cued at the appropriate timestamp) we see how choppy it is landing, looking like it's way under the reported 30FPS the game was supposed to run at. Additionally, look at those shadows popping in and out. That's going to get people killed. It's not completely game-breaking, but this isn't something that makes me excited to step away from my gaming rig anytime soon.
Related Coverage Elizabethton High School receives $200,000 prize
ELIZABETHTON, TN (WJHL)- Last year, Elizabethton High School students competed nationally and their idea of the Bartleby program won them $200,000.
With that money, the “Bartleby Community Improvement Class” started, and just wrapped up its first semester. The program aims to apply state standards in real world projects.
In this program each student develops a community program based on needs they see with the help of a mentor.
This semester more than a dozen students spotted a need, made a plan, and launched a project to help fill that need.
Elizabethton High School Junior Mckenna Kiser started a peer-to-peer support group called STRIVE. It's for students who struggle with mental illness like depression, anxiety, and bipolar disorder.
Kiser said through the class she has found her career path.
Mckenna meets with a professor at Milligan College, learning solutions and techniques that she passes on to students in strive.
“A lot of students don't have that support system at home and I noticed that in my fellow peers and classmates,” Kiser said. “I just saw this huge gap in the society so I'm trying to fix it and have a support system for teens that need it.”
Kiser said the biggest thing she needs help with right now is funding.
“Right now I'm paying for all of the materials out of my Chic-Fil-A paycheck so we really do need funding for the opportunities for these kids,” Kiser said.
She said she tries to make the group relatable, have fun game nights, as well as more serious sessions, classes, and volunteer projects.
Kiser said she could see a future career in this.
“I found something I'm good at and helping these kids has just been so life-changing so if I can keep going and help kids nationally that would be such a success for me,” Kiser said.
Another student, Senior Sadie Whitehead created a program that brings hands-on learning in to the elementary schools, giving them a taste of future subjects they'll learn in school, how they pertain to real world jobs, and clubs they can look forward to.
“Letting them explore a little bit more of these subjects a little more in depth you can really see their interest being peaked and them kind of putting the pieces together in their mind,” Whitehead said. “The cool thing is is that I'm taking highschoolers from inside my school that are passionate about certain subject areas and know a lot about it.”
Some of the other projects developed in the Bartleby class include Tweetsie Trail cleanup, revitalizing Kiwanis Park, veteran assistance, and downtown Elizabethton beautification.
This semester, with the support and guidance of community leaders, these students have worked a combined 3,000 hours on their projects to improve the Elizabethton community.
This program isn't just for straight A student, you'll find a variety of students in the Bartleby program, all working to improve their Elizabethton community.
Next semester, 15 students will participate in the Bartleby entrepreneurship class, where the goal is to plan and establish businesses that fill economic gaps, according to Bekah Price with Elizabethton City Schools.
Copyright 2017 WJHL. All Rights Reserved.
NEW YORK (AP) — The Latest on President Donald Trump and allegations of an affair with adult film star Stormy Daniels (all times local):
12:24 p.m.
Adult film star Stormy Daniels, who allegedly had a sexual relationship with Donald Trump in 2006, has cancelled an upcoming television appearance on ABC's "The View" after fanning intrigue about her public denial of the affair.
During a Tuesday appearance on ABC's "Jimmy Kimmel Live!," Daniels cast doubt on whether she had signed or authorized a statement issued hours earlier denying that she had ever had an affair with Trump.
"That doesn't look like my signature, does it?," Daniels said on the show.
On Wednesday morning, both her lawyer Keith Davidson and her publicist Gina Rodriguez said that, despite her comments on Kimmel's show, Daniels had authorized and signed the statement in their presence.
Daniels has not denied reports that she was paid by Trump's personal attorney to keep the affair quiet during the presidential campaign.
Anyone looking for further clarification from Daniels may have to wait: on Wednesday, The View confirmed that she had pulled out of a planned Thursday appearance on the show.
____
2:00 a.m.
An adult film star who previously alleged an extramarital affair with Donald Trump now says in a statement the affair never happened.
A lawyer for porn actress Stormy Daniels confirmed his client's statement Tuesday. Daniels' real name is Stephanie Clifford.
Clifford has been on a publicity tour in recent weeks amid news of the alleged 2006 tryst with the president. She is scheduled to appear Tuesday on ABC's "Jimmy Kimmel Live!" Her publicist hasn't answered questions about the statement.
Clifford has sought to tell her story before, in 2011 and again during the 2016 presidential campaign.
The Wall Street Journal reported earlier this month that Trump's personal lawyer brokered a $130,000 payment to Clifford in October 2016 to keep her from publicly discussing it.
Trump's lawyer has denied any affair.
Both scripture and our culture celebrate the gift of new life that motherhood can bring. Far too often, however, we overlook the women in our communities and scripture (like Rachel and Phineas' wife) who die from prolonged and challenging labors. There is a terrible trend across the country, to which few are paying attention: more and more mothers are dying in childbirth.
There is some positive news, however. California's maternal mortality rate is about a third of the national average. There's a good reason for this, California has led the country in reducing barriers to maternal health services, like prenatal care, smoking cessation and nutrition programs. California also implemented hemorrhage carts to be prepared for the most deadly complications that arise during birth. We have prioritized maternal health, and it shows.
I am a bishop in the United Methodist Church in California. My denomination reminds our elected leaders that providing for the common good is a core part of their job, and that includes access to high-quality, affordable health care. As an expression of our faith, we declare that “health care is a basic human right.”
That has to include comprehensive reproductive health care.
The church says, “we affirm the right of men and women to have access to comprehensive reproductive health care/family planning information and services that will serve as a means to prevent unplanned pregnancies, reduce abortions, and prevent the spread of HIV/AIDS.”
Women experience unplanned pregnancies every day. For some, these are cause for jubilation. For others, a whole host of questions and doubts arise. For many, it's a mixture of both. Women need safe places to explore these emotions and to figure out next steps. Crisis pregnancy centers can be that place for women. The church celebrates and supports these clinics as they “help women explore all options related to unplanned pregnancy.”
We also know pregnancies can be complicated. Women need to know all of their options and to see highly competent medical professionals. Some clinics, however, only present partial information. That's where California has stepped in to ensure that all women have access to comprehensive health care options.
Related Articles Iran persecutes Christians, so why won't President Trump welcome them to America?
How pensions are clobbering small California cities like Santa Cruz
Stay away from Lake Mathews, Californians
California bill offers phony solution to ‘fake' news problem
The Board of Equalization got the last laugh on a gas tax increase The Reproductive FACT Act requires clinics to disclose to their clients that California “has public programs that provide immediate free or low-cost access to comprehensive family planning services, prenatal care, and abortion, for eligible women.”
Tuesday, the U.S. Supreme Court will hear oral arguments on a challenge to the FACT Act. It is my hope and prayer that the justices will affirm the role crisis pregnancy centers play in our communities and, also, uphold the FACT Act. That will ensure that women have a safe place to explore their options, while also receiving comprehensive medically and legally accurate information.
That is in line with what is called for by the United Methodist Church. Responding to our faith, we “support local health initiatives that expand access to information and services for women's health.”
Our elected leaders have followed their obligation to care for the common good by ensuring that women have access to comprehensive reproductive health care. It's time for crisis pregnancy centers to live up to their moral obligation to provide women with comprehensive medically and legally sound advice. It's now up to the Supreme Court to make sure that they do.
Grant Hagiya is a bishop of the United Methodist Church in California.
ALEXANDRIA, Va. (AP) — The business of the House was resuming a day after a rifle-wielding attacker opened fire on Republican lawmakers practicing for a charity baseball game, critically wounding House GOP Whip Steve Scalise of Louisiana and hitting aides and Capitol police. The assailant, who had nursed grievances against President Donald Trump and the GOP, fought a gun battle with police before he, too, was shot and later died.
Colleagues said Scalise, who had been fielding balls at second base, dragged himself away from the infield, leaving a trail of blood before they rushed to his assistance. He was listed in critical condition Wednesday night at a Washington hospital, which said he will require several more operations.
The shooter was identified as James T. Hodgkinson, a 66-year-old home inspector from Illinois who had several minor run-ins with the law in recent years and belonged to a Facebook group called "Terminate the Republican Party."
Capitol Police officers who were in Scalise's security detail wounded the shooter, who was taken into custody. He later died of his injuries, Trump told the nation from the White House.
"Everyone on that field is a public servant," Trump said, his tone somber, America's acrimonious politics set aside for the moment. "Their sacrifice makes democracy possible."
After visiting Scalise Wednesday evening at MedStar Washington Hospital Center, Trump tweeted: "Rep. Steve Scalise, one of the truly great people, is in very tough shape - but he is a real fighter. Pray for Steve!"
Lawmakers noted their good fortune in having armed protectors on hand — "Thank God," they exclaimed over and over — and said otherwise the shooter would have been able to take a huge deadly toll.
Across the Potomac River in Washington, the shocking events left the Capitol horrified and stunned, and prompted immediate reflection on the current hostility and vitriol in American politics. Lawmakers called for a new dialogue on lowering the partisan temperature, and Trump urged Americans to come together as he assumed the role of national unifier for one of the first times in his presidency.
Proceedings were canceled for the day in the House, and instead Speaker Paul Ryan of Wisconsin and Democratic leader Nancy Pelosi of California issued their own calls for unity. "An attack on one of us is an attack on all of us," Ryan said, to prolonged applause. On Thursday House proceedings were to resume as usual, and lawmakers were returning to the Capitol in search of some semblance of normalcy.
Shortly after the shooting, Bernie Sanders, the former candidate for the Democratic presidential nomination, said on the Senate floor that the shooter apparently was a volunteer for his campaign last year. Sanders said he denounced the violence "in the strongest possible terms."
Scalise, 51, the No. 3 House Republican leader, was first elected in 2008. The popular and gregarious lawmaker is known for his love of baseball and handed out commemorative bats when he secured the job of House whip several years ago.
Texas Rep. Roger Williams said that one of his aides, Zack Barth, was shot but was doing well and expected to fully recover. Two Capitol Police officers sustained relatively minor injuries. A former congressional aide was hospitalized.
The shooting occurred at a popular park and baseball complex in Alexandria, Virginia, across the Potomac River from Washington, where Republican lawmakers and others were gathered for a morning practice about 7 a.m. They were in good spirits despite the heat and humidity as they prepared for the congressional baseball match that pits Republicans against Democrats. The popular annual face-off, which raises money for charity, is scheduled to go forward as planned Thursday evening at Nationals Park in Washington.
Hodgkinson has been in the area since March, living out of his van, said local FBI Special Agent In Charge Tim Slater. Democratic former Alexandria Mayor Bill Euille said he had spoken often with the man on recent mornings at the nearby YMCA.
Hodgkinson's apparent Facebook page included strong criticism of Republicans and the Trump administration. But Slater said authorities were still working to determine a motive and had "no indication" Hodgkinson knew about the ball practice ahead of time.
The GOP lawmakers' team was taking batting practice when gunshots rang out and chaos erupted.
Scalise was fielding balls at second base when he was shot, according to lawmakers present. Rep. Mo Brooks, an Alabama Republican, said his colleague "crawled into the outfield, leaving a trail of blood."
"We started giving him the liquids, I put pressure on his wound in his hip," Brooks said.
The gunman had a rifle and "a lot of ammo," said Sen. Jeff Flake of Arizona, who was at the practice.
Texas Rep. Joe Barton, still in his baseball uniform, told reporters that Scalise's security detail, Capitol Hill police and then Alexandria police returned fire in a battle that lasted as long as 10 minutes and included dozens of shots.
"The security detail saved a lot of lives," he said. "It was scary."
Lawmakers took cover in the dugout. Barton said his son, Jack, got under an SUV.
Texas Rep. Mike Conaway described what sounded like an explosion, then lawmakers scattering off the field as police roamed in search of the gunman and engaged him.
"The guy's down to a handgun, he dropped his rifle, they shoot him, I go over there, they put him in handcuffs," Conaway said, adding that if the shooter had "gotten inside the fence, where a bunch of guys is holed up in the dugout, it would have been like shooting fish in a barrel."
Rep. Jeff Duncan of South Carolina said he had just left the practice and encountered the apparent gunman in the parking lot before the shooting. The man calmly asked which party's lawmakers were practicing and Duncan told him they were the Republicans. The man thanked him.
The wounded Capitol Police officers were identified as David Bailey, who was treated for a minor injury, and Crystal Griner, who was shot in the ankle. Also wounded was former congressional aide Matt Mika, who now works for Tyson Foods in its Washington office. Mika's family said the lobbyist was shot multiple times and was in critical condition following surgery.
The event raised questions about the security of members of Congress. While the top lawmakers, including Scalise, have security details, others do not and they regularly appear in public without protection. The last time a lawmaker was shot was when Democratic Rep. Gabby Giffords of Arizona was hit in the head and grievously injured while meeting with constituents at a supermarket parking lot in 2011.
Following the Giffords shooting, lawmakers have held fewer open town halls and have been advised to increase security at such events.
___
Associated Press reporters Eric Tucker, Matt Barakat, Meghan Hoyer, Sarah Brumfield, Michael Biesecker, Mary Clare Jalonick, Ken Thomas, Vivian Salama, Stephen Ohlemacher, Alan Fram and Andrew Taylor in Washington and Alexandria, and Ed White in Detroit contributed to this report.
NEW DELHI (AP) — India's space agency says it has successfully launched more than 100 foreign nano satellites into orbit.
The Indian Space Research Organization says the nano satellites — those weighing less than 10 kilograms (22 pounds) — were taken on board its polar satellite launch vehicle in southern India and sent into orbit on Wednesday.
The agency says the launching of the 104 satellites is a record, overtaking Russia's feat of sending 37 satellites in a single launch in 2014.
The nano satellites belong to various companies in the United States, the United Arab Emirates, Israel, the Netherlands and Kazakhstan, according to the ISRO.
Kellyanne Conway: "The Second Amendment is a bedrock principle of our Constitution ... that should be protected" https://t.co/2WYmWASFmo—
Kellyanne Conway launched one of her trademark rants during an appearance on CNN's “New Day,” but host Chris Cuomo wasn't having it.
The White House counselor on Thursday criticized top Democrats for advocating for gun control in the wake of Sunday's mass shooting in Las Vegas, saying “this conversation isn't being had until tragedies like this strike.”
Support in Congress has grown this week for a ban on bump stocks, the legal device the Las Vegas shooter used to make his semi-automatic weapons fire like machine guns.
Kellyanne Conway: "The Second Amendment is a bedrock principle of our Constitution ... that should be protected" https://t.co/2WYmWASFmo
— New Day (@NewDay) October 5, 2017
“You see Hillary Clinton ... rushing to judgement on Twitter the other day while people are still looking through the rubble, searching through the hospitals for their missing loved ones, trying to politicize,” Conway said. “She's tweeted about guns exactly one time this year. Bernie Sanders, zero times. Elizabeth Warren, zero times. They have tweeted about Russia over 30 times, Sanders and Warren.”
Then Conway turned her attention to CNN's coverage of the ongoing investigations into Russian interference in the 2016 presidential election.
“Your obsession with Russia has been to the exclusion of this conversation,” she said. “I know the high-horse calvary loves to run in, beating and thumping their chests after the tragedies, but let's step back and have a thoughtful conversation about everything that's at play here.”
Cuomo sighed.
“Kellyanne, I'm tired, so I apologize in advance, but I have to tell you, a lot of this just doesn't wash,” he said. “All you need to know about the bump stock is that it was legal and that's what allowed him to lay down that field of fire. That's all you need to know about it. There's no thoughtful conversation to have about it.”
Watch the full exchange in the video above.
Related:
For more news videos visit Yahoo View, available on iOS and Android.
Agriculture Minister says the time to extend sovereignty over Ma'ale Adumim is now, and not to wait for new US administration.
Agriculture Minister Uri Ariel said in an interview with Arutz Sheva today that the annexation of Ma'ale Adumim would be a very important step for Israel to take at this juncture.
"I had the privilege of being the first settler in the nucleus of Ma'ale Adumim in 1975." Minister Ariel said. "41 years have passed, and we are now moving towards annexation. I am happy that the Jewish Home is leading the move, and I expect it to be a sign [of things to come] for all of Judea and Samaria, and for [the establishment] of equal rights for all citizens."
When you hear voices from the right, such as Minister Tzachi Hanegbi, saying that we need to wait for the next US administration, do you accept that?
"I don't think like Tzachi Hanegbi. It is important to coordinate with the US administration, but not as a condition. We did it with Jerusalem and the Golan Heights, and the time has come for sovereignty in Judea and Samaria " Ariel said.
What are your thoughts on the scandals associated with the name of the Prime Minister and the expected investigation?
"We should investigate carefully, and I trust the police." he answered. "Together with that, there is an [issue of] public persecution which does not leave anything be, even things [which turn out to be] nonsense. We go through that as well. I wish for the Prime Minister to continue in this government with us for the good of the people of Israel and the State of Israel."
Ariel mourned the passing of former Justice Minister Prof. Yaakov Neeman. "A great man. I have personally known Yaakov Neeman for 30 years. I will say that I was a member of the Judicial Appointments Committee, and they said that we would not be able to appoint justices to the Supreme Court because there were tensions. Thanks to Yaakov Neeman, who mediated between us, we were successful in appointing judges. He worked on behalf of the State and people of Israel. [He was] a man of grace and of blessed memory."
There were plenty of eggs for hundreds of happy hunters at Saturday's annual Acton United Methodist Church Community Easter Egg Hunt. Mary Vinson/Hood County News
Movie company says it is taking claims “very seriously” and “strongly endorses” co-chairman's decision to step aside while undergoing therapy
A leading Hollywood studio has launched an inquiry into allegations of sexual harassment concerning one of its founders, the Academy Award-winning producer Harvey Weinstein.
The Weinstein Company's board said it was taking claims contained in a piece published by the New York Times “extremely seriously” and it sought to “learn the full truth”.
Harvey Weinstein, who is co-chairman of the studio, issued an apology on Thursday and announced he was taking leave of absence following the emergence of allegations made by women with whom he had worked.
Those involved include Kiss The Girls star Ashley Judd and Rose McGowan, who appeared in films including Scream, according to the NYT.
The producer said he appreciated the way he had behaved with colleagues in the past “has caused a lot of pain” and that he realised he “needed to be a better person”.
“I came of age in the 60's and 70's, when all the rules about behaviour and workplaces were different. That was the culture then,” the 65-year-old said.
“I have since learned it's not an excuse, in the office – or out of it. To anyone.”
The money and the power behind some of the biggest Hollywood films of the past 25 years, Weinstein and brother Bob founded Miramax in 1979, building it into a major Hollywood player before selling it to Disney in 1993.
They continued to work for the firm until 2005 when they quit to set up the Weinstein Company, which spawned hits including The King's Speech, Django Unchained and Silver Linings Playbook.
The firm's board said on Friday that a majority of its members “strongly endorsed” co-founder Harvey Weinstein's decision to step aside indefinitely while he receives “professional help for the problems he has acknowledged”.
What the future holds for Weinstein “depends on Harvey's therapeutic progress, the outcome of the Board's investigation and Harvey's own personal decisions,” the board said in a statement.
“We take extremely seriously the accusation published in today's New York Times about our Company's co-chairman Harvey Weinstein,” the statement said.
“It is essential to our company's culture that all women who work for it or have any dealings with it or any of our executives are treated with respect and have no experience of harassment or discrimination.
“We believe it is important to learn the full truth regarding the article's very serious accusations, in the interests of the company, its shareholders and its employees.
“To that end, we have retained an independent and leading lawyer and firm… to undertake a thorough and independent investigation.”
PESHAWAR, Pakistan (AP) — A local Pakistani government official says a suicide bomber has targeted the administrative headquarters of a tribal region in the country's northwest, killing two policemen.
Hameedullah Khan says Wednesday's bombing struck at the main gate of the tribal headquarters in Ghalanai, in the Mohmand tribal region.
No one immediately claimed responsibility of the attack.
Earlier this week, a suicide bombing killed 13 in eastern Pakistani city of Lahore. A breakaway faction of the Pakistani Taliban — the Jamaat-ul-Ahrar or Freedom Movement — claimed that attack.
The breakaway faction is based in the Mohmand area — part of rugged, lawless regions along the Afghan border which have long served as safe havens for local and al-Qaida-linked foreign militants.
Pakistan has waged several offensives against Islamic militants in recent years.
TAIPEI (Taiwan News) -- The Shih Hsin University (SHU) student who slashed the throat of his female classmate yesterday in Taipei, after she rejected his romantic advances, had stalked the woman for five years, and some excerpts his harassment of her on Facebook and the mobile messaging app LINE have been reveled to the public, reported UDN.
It has been learned that the 21-year-old man, a third year English major at SHU surnamed Chen (陳), has pursued the woman, now a 19-year-old second year Business student surnamed Shih (石), since her first year in high school. Despite the fact that she always rejected his romantic overtures, he this year transferred from National Taipei University of Technology, where he was a fourth year student, to SHU, even though it meant he would have to lose a year and become a third year student again.
Shih had recently become fed up with Chen's stalking behavior and on Facebook posted a message directed at him saying "Do not think I don't dare call the police." Last week, Shih also went to the Banqiao Police Station to report his behavior. However, Chen did not seem to be on the radar of SHU authorities, who said that Chen was not on the list of students receiving psychological counseling.
Yesterday (Dec. 12) at 10 a.m., as Shih was headed to class, Chen approached her and after she yet again tried to brush him off, he grabbed a fruit knife he had concealed and started to slash her with it. During the assault, she sustained lacerations to her head, ears, and suffered a 3 cm gash on her right neck. Before Chen could continue the assault, he was subdued by a teacher and assistant teacher.
Meanwhile, Shih was quickly rushed to Wanfang Hospital where her wounds were not deemed life-threatening, and she was sent home to recuperate.
Chen had been using every method to harass Shih, inlucing Facebook, constant phone calls and LINE. In each method of communication, he would say that we wanted to apologize to Shih in person for his behavior, to which she would respond by saying that she did not wish to discuss the matter further, with each subsequent attempt at apologizing only irritating her further.
Before unfriending Chen on Facebook friend last month Shih wrote, "We are just strangers, you don't owe me any apologies, let alone talk about forgiveness... even if all the men in the world died, and you were the last one, I still would not like you. I am not a swan but you are a toad, a toad that wants to eat swan meat."
The following are a series of exchanges between Chen and Shih on LINE dated Mar. 15:
by Capt Sam Williams
Water temperature: low 70's, water level: 187.94 msl, water clarity: heavy stain
Bass are still holding tight to shallow cover. Blade baits and frogs over the top are producing. When the sun gets high, work tight to the edge of the cover and let the bait sit before moving it. Shaky head trick worms and wacky rigged trick worms are working. Chatter baits are a good bait also. Deep cover and trash piles are holding fish for the deep fishermen.
Crappie, bluegill and shellcrackers are holding close also. We have been catching all three working 1/16 and 3/32 ounce jigs with different colored bodies. Slow retrieve is working. There are also bedding shellcrackers on the flats. Wigglers are the bait there. You can locate these areas by the smell.
Catfish are beginning to load up with roe and will be under the pads soon. Cut bait on jugs or trot lines are getting a good mess for the table.
The days are getting hotter, so be sure and keep plenty of water and sunscreen while out. Be safe and wear your PFD. We do not need any more tragedies this year.
Please visit www.alabamachildrensclassic.org and sign up for our 18th annual tournament June 2. We have partnered with Darby's Warrior support to help our post 9/11 wounded warriors and emotionally wounded heroes. Help us reach our goal of 200 boats this year. The children and soldiers need your help.
God Bless & Good Fishn'.
Share This Video Facebook Twitter EMAIL
Selena Gomez put her acting background to work in the video for her excellent new single “Bad Liar.” The Talking Heads-sampling track went even further into the past for its accompanying clip, following Gomez as she navigates through a school day in 1978.
Throughout the day, Gomez tries to catch the eye of a gym teacher she is infatuated with and notices her father — a teacher at the school — seems to be flirting with her. Oh, did we mention that Gomez plays the part of all three characters as well as her mother? That seems important.
For a pop star to move the high-school crush narrative outside of its typically hetero constraints would be newsworthy enough on its own, but Gomez going full Eddie Murphy in the lovingly-crafted, wallpapered throwback of a video adds an extra layer of greatness to what was already a fantastic pop song (seriously, even David Byrne is on board). And the video is even better when held up to the story of how her former flame turned down a movie role over a depiction of gay sex.
Give the video a watch up top and look out for “Fetish” — whatever that might be — to drop in the near future.
50TH ANNIVERSARY : Terry and Mary Jean Pigman, Worthington, will celebrate their 50th anniversary on Saturday.
Cards may be sent to them at 28159 Paul Ave., Worthington 56187.
Pope Francis is cautioning bishops to avoid politicking, business and high society.
Francis elevated to bishops' rank three priests during a ceremony in St. Peter's Basilica on Monday evening.
He said bishops should "abandon the temptation to become princes," and that they are tasked "more with serving than dominating." He told them to be available to priests in their jurisdiction "the same day, or at most, the next day" after being sought.
Francis told the three they were chosen "not for business, not for high society, not for politics." In his five years as pope, Francis has insisted clerics must serve the rank-and-file and avoid seeking glory.
The new bishops are: Monsignors Waldemar Stanislaw Sommertag from Pelplin diocese, Poland; Alfred Xuereb, Gozo diocese, Malta; and Jose Avelino Bettencourt, Ottawa archdiocese in Canada.
CAIRO (AP) — Madiha Yousri, an Egyptian actress known for her iconic film roles, has died. She was 97.
The state MENA news agency says Yousri suffered age-related health problems and died late on Tuesday.
Hundreds of mourners, including prominent film figures, attended Yousri's funeral, which was held Wednesday at a historic mosque in Cairo's Sayedah Nafeesa district.
Prime Minister Sherif Ismail mourned Yousri's passing and offered his condolences.
Yousri had more than 90 films to her name, dating back to the 1940s. She also starred in musicals featuring iconic Egyptian singers of the 20th century: Mohamed Abdel-Wahab, Abdel-Halim Hafez, Farid Al-Atrash and Mohamed Fawzy.
Born in 1921, Yousri was married three times. Two of her marriages were to film stars Mohamed Amin and Fawzy, with whom she co-starred in several movies.
Two sisters who gave birth to daughters only 20 minutes apart last year are now marking their baby girls' first birthdays with an epic photo shoot.
Corey Struve Talbott and Katie Struve Morgan found out they were both expecting their second and third child, respectively, around the holidays in 2015.
After Talbott, 32, discovered she was expecting, she immediately told her younger sister.
So Cute Photo Monterey Materntiy Photography
"My sister [Katie] was like, 'I have to tell you something too. I'm pregnant too and I haven't been telling anyone for two weeks to surprise everyone on Christmas morning," Talbott told ABC News. "I almost passed out because I couldn't believe it."
The sisters eventually went on to give birth to Ryatt Raegan Talbott and Indie Mae Morgan, in the exact same hospital on the exact same day: Aug. 10, 2016.
So Cute Photo Monterey Materntiy Photography
"It was really surreal," Morgan, 30, told ABC News. "Corey was on her way to [take] photos for me [at the hospital] and I hadn't seen her and I'm like, 'Where is she?' And she comes in fully gowned with her IV and she's like, 'I'm sorry, I have to have Ryatt! She's coming!'"
Since then, the Struve sisters, who live five minutes apart in Salinas, California, have enjoyed raising their daughters together. They even recently celebrated their daughters turning 1 by staging a photo shoot with photographer Brenden Boggs.
"It's pretty funny how close they are," Talbott said. "They're almost twins."
So Cute Photo Monterey Materntiy Photography
Morgan agreed, adding that their "twins" have "opposite personalities."
"My sister is more like the leader or outspoken one and I'm the quiet, mellow one and our babies are the complete opposite," Morgan said. "[My daughter Indie is] very loud and takes charge and her daughter [Ryatt] is very quiet and soft and goes with the flow."
"It's been so much fun," she added.
Riel Sturchio
For the last few years, Buffalo, New York's Lemuria have celebrated the holidays by listing a “Secret LP” on their merch site, with past years including a 12″ version of their first demo, and other outtakes. This year, the listing was no different, leaving many fans to expect another collection of songs that were left on the cutting room floor for one reason or another, with about 700 people shelling out cash for a physical copy. What they couldn't have possibly known was that they were pre-ordering Lemuria's new LP Recreational Hate, and will be the first to get the limited physical release of the album this week, before it is even available digitally on December 15th.
The album was produced in secret by four-time Grammy award-winner Chris Shaw (Weezer, Bob Dylan, and A Tribe Called Quest) and before it hits the mailboxes of 700 fans, our first taste comes in the form of “Wanted To Be Yours.” It's a really interesting track that sounds like it could have been plucked from 90's alternative radio, and is certainly promising for an LP that was kept entirely under wraps. Check it out below.
Fans who unexpectedly ordered the “Secret LP” will receive a letter explaining the project and its goals, but you can read it in full now:
Thanks to everyone who took a gamble and purchased the “secret LP” we put up for sale back in August. We're excited to unveil that the LP you ordered is our new studio album, “Recreational Hate”. Your trust and subsequent purchase enabled us to achieve some great feats with this release, including working with the 4-time Grammy winning producer and engineer Chris Shaw. We chose to work with him, in part, for his very eclectic discography, including the Weezer “Blue” album, Bob Dylan, Leonard Cohen, Ice Cube, Wilco, Public Enemy, Modest Mouse, A Tribe Called Quest, Ween and Lou Reed. You also gave us the opportunity to launch Turbo Worldwide, our new record label and home base for all things Lemuria. As a “thank you”, you are receiving the LP approximately the same time as this announcement, 2 months before the album reaches the shelves of your local record store. A few years back, we thought it would be fun to place some very old songs (our CD-R-only demo) on an LP, and put it up for sale as a mysterious “Secret” release. Whoever bought this wouldn't know what they ordered until it arrived in the mail and they spun it on their record player. We held no expectations as to what the response would be, however it was overwhelmingly positive, and the folks who received this special item seemed to enjoy the fun and mystery as much as we did. We tried various iterations of this in years to come, and we noticed that, each time we did, it was a similar group of friends and supporters who jumped on the opportunity. It's the same group of folks who tirelessly support our shows, support our releases, and are our motivating force that inspire us to keep actualizing our passion. We don't, not even for a second, take this amount of trust and support for granted. As a thank you, when we were planning the release for “Recreational Hate”, we decided to go this secretive route once again in hopes that a similar investment from you would turn into an even bigger reward of a full-length studio album. These songs represent our next step forward. It has been a wild adventure for us to arrive to this moment of releasing the album. Thank you for traveling with us. Love,
Lemuria
Recreational Hate is out digitally on 12/15 via Asian Man Records and Big Scary Monsters, with another round of vinyl set for a February release.
WASHINGTON (AP) — Michael Flynn's conversations with a Russian diplomat roiled the White House and put a spotlight on a little-enforced law prohibiting U.S. citizens from trying to influence a foreign government in disputes with the United States.
Flynn resigned as national security adviser after conceding that he may have discussed U.S. sanctions in phone calls with Russia's ambassador to the United States while Barack Obama was still in office. Those conversations may have violated the Logan Act, which aims to bar private citizens from conducting diplomacy, though White House spokesman Sean Spicer said Tuesday that no legal issues arose.
Still, the centuries-old act has been so rarely invoked that legal experts say it may no longer be valid. And no one has been found guilty of violating the act in its more than 200-year history.
A look at the Logan Act and whether such conversations could lead to charges.
WHAT IS THE LOGAN ACT?
Lawmakers enacted the Logan Act in 1799 after George Logan, a friend of Thomas Jefferson, made a private visit to France in an attempt to ease tensions with the United States after the French Revolution. That trip was sharply criticized back home as an inappropriate interference in affairs between the two countries, prompting the passage of the law.
HAS IT EVER BEEN USED BEFORE?
Since then, there appear to have been very few indictments, and no prosecutions, under the obscure act. Legal experts say that would make potential violations even harder to prove in court.
The one known indictment came in 1803 after a Kentucky farmer wrote a newspaper article advocating for a separate country within the United States that would ally with France. But no prosecution followed.
"It really is an anachronism," written during a very different time in diplomatic and constitutional history, said Stephen Vladeck, a professor at the University of Texas School of Law. "The statue was written at a time when Congress thought it had the power to criminalize this kind of ill-conceived, but not illegal, speech."
Over the years, politicians and public figures have been accused of violating the Logan Act, often by political rivals. The Rev. Jesse Jackson's diplomatic activities in several countries in the 1980s, including trips to Cuba to negotiate the release of prisoners, raised questions about whether he violated the act. So did former NBA star Dennis Rodman's travels to North Korea to meet with dictator Kim Jong-un in 2014. Another allegation involved a letter sent by 47 Republican senators to Iran's leaders in 2015, warning them against making a nuclear deal with Obama.
None of those cases yielded criminal charges. A court could find the Logan Act no longer valid under a legal doctrine that says statutes become unenforceable if they are never used.
IF FLYNN DISCUSSED SANCTIONS, DIDN'T HE BREAK THE LAW?
Discussing economic sanctions against Russia with the Russian envoy during the American presidential transition could have been a violation of the act. But that doesn't mean it will result in charges against Flynn. Prosecutors, for questions of resources or interpretations of the law, sometimes opt not to pursue criminal cases even when presented with a clear violation. And when it comes to the Logan Act, they would have to overcome a difficult defense that Flynn's phone calls were protected free speech. They would also have to prove Flynn was actually acting without the authority of the United States, Vladeck said.
And then find a prosecutor willing to take the case.
A U.S. official told The Associated Press on Tuesday that the FBI interviewed Flynn about his actions with the ambassador. But the content of the conversations is unclear.
The official was briefed on the investigation but was not authorized to discuss it by name and spoke on condition of anonymity.
If Flynn lied to investigators, he would have opened himself up to a possible felony prosecution for making false statements.
But Vladeck called threats to prosecute under the Logan Act "an increasingly empty gesture."
"It's a fun game for commentators to play," he said. "It's a way of turning what looks like a really bad move into a potentially illegal one."
___
Associated Press writer Eric Tucker contributed to this report.
Tuesday - Thundery showers mainly over northern and eastern Singapore in the afternoon.
Wednesday - Late morning and early afternoon thundery showers.
Great Smoky Mountains National Park officials announce temporary single-lane closures will be in effect on Tremont Road on Friday, April 27 and Saturday, April 28 for paving. Single-lane closures are needed to make up for work days lost due to inclement weather.
Visitors traveling on Tremont Road should expect slight delays. Traffic along Laurel Creek Road and Townsend Entrance Road should not be affected by the lane closures. Visitors traveling to Cades Cove should expect normal travel times. The entire paving project, which includes Tremont Road, Laurel Creek Road, and Townsend Entrance Road, is expected to be completed by June 15, 2018.
For more information about road conditions, please follow SmokiesRoadsNPS on Twitter or visit the park website at www.nps.gov/grsm.
Share this: Print
Facebook
Twitter
Tumblr
Pinterest
In the Christian faith, conscience is foundational because it helps us to live a moral life.
To put it simply, our conscience helps us to do good and to avoid evil. When we consider what we have been hearing lately in the news, we could certainly use more good and less evil.
Sometimes when we think of conscience, the image of the good angel and the bad angel sitting on our left and right shoulders comes to mind.
One is encouraging us to do good and the other encouraging us to do the opposite. We wait to see which angel will be more convincing and then we act. As we know, things are really not that simple.
In the Old Testament there are many references to the human heart. This is a sacred place where God speaks to us and we speak to God.
It is where, in the light of God's grace, correction, discernment and decisions take place. Here the dialogue is not between two angels on our shoulders; the conversation is with God. In the divine presence we are able to look at our lives and our actions and make the necessary changes. In order to do this we need to be able “to see.”
In the New Testament Jesus states that, “The eye is the lamp of the body. So, if your eye is healthy, your whole body will be full of light; but if your eye is unhealthy, your whole body will be full of darkness. If then the light in you is darkness, how great is the darkness” (Mt.6:22-23)!
The Lord makes reference to the eye that helps us to see because it allows in the light rather than the darkness.
That is the function of our conscience. In the depths of our heart it acts as a lamp that helps us to see, judge and act with integrity. It helps us to behave in an ethical manner and that is the foundation of morality.
This is not a term that we hear a great deal about today; however, it seems that what we need today is greater moral integrity. This is especially true in the area of human sexuality. The “Me Too” movement is an example of what happens when a person acts abusively and sexually abuses or harasses another. We have all heard about the pain and suffering it causes.
If we are going to allow our conscience to be a lamp to guide us throughout life, then we also must make sure that it is healthy because, as Jesus states, an unhealthy eye “fills the body with darkness.” We need to form our conscience so that it can judge and act properly.
From a Christian perspective this can be done by staying close to God, praying, seeking the truth, and regularly examining life. We must also be willing to seek forgiveness when we fail.
All of this will help to “enlighten” our conscience and this will give us greater confidence to live a moral life.
A well-formed conscience is a gift because it will help us to act morally and justly in this life. This is why it deserves great respect. We should never try to force or coerce people to compromise their beliefs. Unfortunately this can happen at times especially when we consider some of the more controversial moral questions of our day. A healthy society respects diversity and healthy debate and never resorts to coercion of the heart.
We all have a conscience and we have a responsibility to form it, to follow it, and above all, to respect it.
Most Reverend Gerard Bergie is Bishop of Saint Catharines
If you're a frequent buyer of seafood, you may be aware that more attention is being focused on how that seafood was captured. There are several certification programs meant to convey whether the fish you like to eat was taken from overfished areas. Enter another program: Fair Trade.
You may know if from coffee or chocolate. In recent years, it's expanded into seafood. And soon, the first U.S. seafood products will get that label. Is there something truly different about the Fair Trade label, or is it just another fish in the sea?
If you're a socially conscious seafood eater, you've got options. There's the Marine Stewardship Council's “Sustainable Seafood” mark, and the Monterey Bay Aquarium has a “Seafood Watch” app to help you shop. Ashley Apel, manager of the seafood program at Fair Trade USA, said her organization's certification is different because it considers workers' conditions and social benefits.
“Other seafood certifications — at least for wild capture — really only focus on environmental sustainability of the stock,” Apel said.
For U.S. scallop fishers, the premium price that comes with the label could help ease some regulatory costs.
“Fishermen are still dealing with having to provide a lot of data and a lot of tracking on their vessels, and that can be very expensive,” Apel said. “So part of the premium can be used to ensure the health of the stock.”
Can the marketplace sustain yet another label for responsible seafood?
“If we ever got to the point where sustainability labels were competing with each other, that'd probably be a good problem to have,” said Tim Fitzgerald, who focuses on fisheries for the Environmental Defense Fund. He's also on the advisory committee for Fair Trade's seafood program. He said one big benefit of the label: people recognize it.
“With Fair Trade getting into seafood, it puts social responsibility and environmental responsibility on the radar of just a huge amount more people,” Fitzgerald said. Still, he said price is the main factor when people choose which fish they'll buy, and the Fair Trade scallops that'll roll out later this month will cost a little more.
Tuesday - Thundery showers mainly over northern and eastern Singapore in the afternoon.
Wednesday - Late morning and early afternoon thundery showers.
BRISBANE, Australia (AP) — Mischa Zverev has withdrawn from Germany's Davis Cup team for the first round tie against Australia, starting Friday, with a continuation of the illness which brought him a record fine for his first round retirement at the Australian Open.
Zverev was fined A$45,000 (US$36,000) in Melbourne when he quit while trailing Korea's Hyeon Chung 6-2, 4-1, citing illness. He was fined most of his first round prizemoney under tennis's new First Round Performance rule which requires players to "perform to a professional standard".
Germany team captain Michael Kohlmann said Tuesday Zverev is still affected by a viral illness but had made a desperate effort to prove his fitness for the World Group tie.
Kohlmann said "I am feeling bad for him. He was trying everything to be here but in the end it didn't make sense".
The 128th annual Rose Parade was nearly flawless as is passed down Colorado Boulevard under cloudy skies and watchful eyes Monday.
Hundreds of thousands of fans braved occasional light pre-dawn rain, and reveled in the relatively-warm 50-degree air. The 51/2-mile parade route was the subject of extra security, including water-filled obstacles at 52 intersections designed to thwart any high speed vehicle attacks.
The parade began with the customary Air Force B-2 Stealth bomber flyover. The marching bands, horse units and floats were positioned on Orange Grove Boulevard, ready to make the tight turn east at Colorado Boulevard as the parade kicked off at 8 a.m.
A float with waterfalls, a princess with fiery hands and a working volcano, dedicated to “The Spirit of Hawaii,” won one of the top awards at the 2017 Rose Parade. The Sweepstakes Award went to Dole Packaged Foods, for its homage to Hawaii.
The float had one of the largest portable waterfalls to ever make its way through Pasadena.
And the longest, heaviest float to ever lumber down Colorado Boulevard made the tight turn at Orange Grove Boulevard without incident. The Lucy Pet float featured a block-long tank and surfing dogs, and the crowd roared as the first bulldog “hung 20” down the boulevard, as one anchor put it.
“Lucy Pet's Gnarly Crankin' K-9 Wave Maker” won the Extraordinaire Trophy, and set records with its 126-foot length and 148,000 pounds worth of water, flowers and wet dogs.
Four “self-built” floats won prizes this year, including the Cal Poly Universities' “A New Leaf,” which won the Founders' Award for most-beautiful float built by volunteers, and the Downey Rose Float Association, which won the Governor's Award for its float, “The Gold Rush,” and its depiction of life in California.
The humorous “Backyard Rocketeer” float made by volunteers in La Canada-Flintridge won the Bob Hope Humor Award. And the Sierra Madre Rose Float Association's “The Cat's Away” won the Mayor's Trophy for best city entry.
Other winners announced just before the parade's start included a group of surfing dogs on the Lucy Pet float, winner of the Extraordinaire Float.
The only visible miscue was a working roller coaster aboard one float, which apparently did not work before the TV cameras.
On the streets of Pasadena, large obstacles blocked the 56 cross streets along the parade route, to prevent any possible large-scale disruptions similar to the terrorist attacks in Berlin and France last year.
Pasadena police, the U.S. Secret Service, U.S. Department of Homeland Security, Los Angeles County Sheriff's Department and U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement were on the streets.
Bomb-sniffing dogs, a “no drone zone” and barricades blocking vehicle traffic from entering the parade route at its 56 intersections are all part of the security plan.
Water barricades will be used to prevent any vehicle from being able to travel at high speeds leading up to the parade route. Police have learned through the France and Germany truck attacks that when terrorists “use vehicles as a ramming tool, typically it is because they are able to generate a lot of speed. So we are tying to take the speed out of that equation,” Pasadena Police Chief Phillip L. Sanchez said.
A trio of Olympic gold medalists -- Allyson Felix, Greg Louganis and Janet Evans -- served as grand marshals of the parade.
Temple City High School senior Victoria Cecilia Castellanos, 17, reigned as this year's Rose Queen, aboard a special float with the six princesses on the Royal Court. They are Maya Khan, 18, Arcadia High School; Natalie Petrosian, 17, La Canada High School; Audrey Cameron, 17, Blair High School; Autumn Lundy, 17, Polytechnic School; Lauren Powers, 17, Arcadia High School; and Shannon Larsuel, 17, Mayfield Senior School.
Riding on a float sponsored by the AIDS Healthcare Foundation were three survivors of the mass shooting inside the Pulse nightclub in Orlando that left 49 people dead and 53 wounded. The float, titled “To Honor and Remember Orlando,” will be a tribute to those who were killed in the June 12 shooting.
The float featured a giant dove soaring over a field of 49 white stars representing each of the victims of the shooting, and a colorful rainbow representing “the diversity of the LGBTQ community” and symbolizing “the humanity of all victims killed or injured.”
The float will also feature a “Tree of Life” with condolence notes left on a communal board in Orlando. During the parade, 49 white doves were released from the float, twice.
Riding on the float were three survivors of the attack -- Victor Baez Febo, Isaiah Henderson and Jahqui Sevilla, whose boyfriend was killed in the attack on the Pulse nightclub in Orlando.
The parade again featured a float sponsored by the ABC series “The Bachelor,” along with one sponsored by the National Hockey League and the traditional Donate Life float dedicated to organ donors and recipients.
Marching bands from across the country marched, along with the Gifusho Green Band from Gifu, Japan. The Los Angeles Unified School District's All District High School Honor Band also made its annual appearance in the procession.
Once the last parade reaches the eastern terminus, at noon, the floats will be on display until Tuesday at the Showcase of Floats at Sierra Madre and Washington boulevards.
FLOAT WINNERS
Here are the winning floats from the 128th annual Rose Parade:
• Bob Hope Trophy for most comical and amusing entry: La Canada- Flintridge Tournament of Roses Association, "Backyard Rocketeer."
• Craftsman Trophy for exceptional achievement in showmanship, floats longer than 55 feet: Netflix,"Soar Beyond Imagination."
• Crown City Innovation Trophy for best use of imagination and innovation to advance the art of floral design: 24-Hour Fitness, "Do More With Your 24."
• Directors' Trophy for outstanding artistic merit in design and floral presentation: "Western Asset Management Company, "Prosperity In the Wild."
• Extraordinaire Trophy for most spectacular float: Lucy Pet, "Lucy Pet's Gnarly Crankin' K-9 Wave Maker."
• Fantasy Trophy for most outstanding display of fantasy and imagination: BDK, A Singpoli Affiliate, "The Monkey King: Journey To Success."
• Founders' Trophy for most beautiful float built and decorated by community or organization volunteers: Cal Poly Universities, "A New Leaf."
• Governor's Trophy for best depiction of life in California: Downey Rose Float Association, "The Gold Rush."
• Grand Marshall's Trophy for excellence in creative concept and design: Farmers Insurance, "We Came, We Saw, We Covered."
• International Trophy for most beautiful entry from outside the United States and District of Columbia: China Airlines, "Return To the Beauty of Taiwan."
• Isabella Coleman Trophy for best presentation of color and color harmony through floral use: The UPS Store Inc., "Books Bring Us Together."
• Judges' Special Trophy for most spectacular in showmanship and dramatic impact: Union Bank and the American Heart Association, Western States Affiliate, "Keep The Beat Alive."
• Lathrop K. Leishman Trophy for most-beautiful noncommercial float: AIDS Healthcare Foundation, "To Honor And Remember Orlando."
• Mayor's Trophy for most outstanding national or international city entry: City of Sierra Madre, "The Cat's Away."
• National Trophy for best depiction of life in the U.S.A., past, present of future: Ragu Pasta Sauce, "Simmered In Tradition."
• Past Presidents Trophy for most creative design and use of both floral and non-floral materials: American Armenian Rose Float Association, "Field Of Dreams!"
• Princess' Trophy for most effective floral use and presentation: The Bachelor, "Echoes Of Love."
• Queen's Trophy for most effective use and display of roses: Miracle- Gro, "Everything's Coming Up Roses."
• Sweepstakes Trophy for most beautiful entry in the parade with outstanding floral presentation and design: Dole Packaged Foods, "Spirit of Hawaii."
• Theme Trophy for excellence in presenting parade theme: Donate Life, "Teammates In Life."
• Tournament Special Trophy for exceptional merit: Trader Joe's, "All Aboard! 50 years Of Serving The Best ..."
• Tournament Volunteers Trophy for best floral design of parade theme in floats 35 feet and under: Torrance Rose Float Association, "Be Your Own Knight."
New Zealand's prime minister denied on Wednesday that he apologized for supporting a United Nations Security Council resolution condemning Israeli over “settlement construction”, saying his government still supports the resolution.
Prime Minister Bill English's comments, which were made to the New Zealand Herald and quoted by JTA, came one day after Israel and New Zealand restored diplomatic ties and Israel agreed to order its ambassador to New Zealand to return to his post in Wellington.
Tuesday - Thundery showers mainly over northern and eastern Singapore in the afternoon.
Wednesday - Late morning and early afternoon thundery showers.
A Los Angeles company accused of selling jewelry for children that contained dangerous levels of toxic lead and cadmium has been fined $1.6 million.
State officials on Tuesday said a judge approved the judgment this month against Luxy Accessory and its owner, Hyun Sook Kim.
The Department of Toxic Substances says one pendant was found to be 80 percent lead and some items were labeled "lead free."
The company has no working phone number and couldn't be reached Tuesday.
Luxy was one of several companies sued by the state attorney general's office six years ago for selling tainted jewelry.
Authorities say repeated inspections showed Luxy continued to sell tainted jewelry until it was quarantined last year.
While API uptake is increasing across all businesses in Australia, APIdays organiser Saul Caganoff says “there is plenty of runways yet to go”. He says that APIs cut across the traditional ways that Australian businesses have been used to building technology solutions as proof that while APIs are making an impact as a way to build software, connect systems and digitise businesses, there is plenty more work yet to be done.
“APIs are growing steadily in profile,” Caganoff says, pointing to three main vectors for API adoption. He explains: “First there are startups developing new mobile or platform businesses which rely heavily on APIs for adoption and growth.
“Second there are established companies who need APIs to support digital transformation. The first wave of digital transformation projects in Australia were fairly shallow — they mainly centred on siloed apps. The second round of digital transformation efforts are now taking place and they recognise that you need to leverage core business data and capabilities which are exposed through APIs. We call this approach ‘deep digital'.
“And finally, there are the enterprises looking to modernise their application infrastructure or to adopt hybrid cloud models for application sourcing. That is driving a lot of API adoption.”
Caganoff says that members from all three API communities — both from the business/product management and architecture/engineering side — will be attending APIdays at Sydney Convention Centre on 28 February and 1 March.
One speaker will be Tom Adams, director of engineering at artist marketplace Redbubble, one of the tech startups called out in the recent StartupAUS Crossroads Report for being an Australian startup success story. The company is currently valued at $180 million.
“We currently use APIs for exposing data and workflows to various parts of our platform,” says Adams. “For example, we have a search API that provides search results to the website as well as the mobile app. We also have APIs that external parties use, in particular, third party fulfillers that manufacture products use these APIs to integrate with our systems.”
Adams sees APIs as having been an essential part of the tech startups success to date: “We see APIs as strategic to the business, as they allow us to iterate faster on ideas, to get them in the hands of users more quickly, so that we can validate their impact.
“APIs allow our teams to innovate far more quickly than if they were building the same functionality inside our main codebase/system. APIs also give us a practical benefit of enabling us to decompose our main system into smaller pieces (microservices), while continuing to ship new features to consumers & artists.”
Both Caganoff and Adams say that startups have been able to grow faster with less need for resources thanks to the use of APIs. Australian startups like Airtasker have leveraged messaging service Twilio's API, for example, to create a customer feedback loop and job allocation messaging service which has been crucial to their customer experience, a major driver in that startup's overall market uptake.
“It's now easier than ever to get a company off the ground, and the amount of capital and time required to do so is orders of magnitude smaller than it was. A lot of this is down to the rise of APIs, which make it easy to get small proof of concepts (or MVPs) off the ground with minimal investment,” says Adams.
Caganoff sees the biggest recent uptake of APIs occurring at the other end of the spectrum: Amongst traditional enterprise sectors. “The most rapid change I've seen in the last 12 months is in banking – some of the fallout from European open banking initiatives are taking hold in Australia and all the big banks have public API initiatives in various states of maturity,” says Caganoff.
“We'll see them flourish in the next year or two, perhaps driven by some legislative pressure, but more likely via competition from FinTech upstarts.”
APIdays already has more than 40 speakers scheduled to speak, with several more still to come on board. The conference spreads talks across several themes including strategy, execution, emerging technology, and platforms and architecture.
Tickets are currently available to attend. Participants can register at au.apidays.io.
Mark Boyd is a writer/analyst focusing on APIs, programmable business models, smart cities and civic tech. He will be presenting his latest research on GraphQL at the APIdays conference and chairing a panel on banking APIs.
Read more: How TomTom opened up for innovation
Share This Video Facebook Twitter EMAIL
Not long before the New York Times reported on accusations of sexual misconduct levied against Louis C.K. by at least five women, which the comedian later confirmed, fellow comic and former collaborator Tig Notaro had already spoken around some of the stories in previous interviews. Once the news finally broke in early November, however, the One Mississippi star began opening up in subsequent interviews about what she knew, and why she didn't speak out against C.K. directly at the time. Notaro discussed this and other matters — including her “relief” — during Monday's appearance on The View.
“It's a huge relief,” she began when co-host Joy Behar brought up C.K., “to have him removed.” As for why she didn't come forward sooner regarding the allegations against the One Mississippi executive producer, Notaro said they weren't her stories to tell:
“I found this out, right after we sold the show, that this was happening. I started publicly trying to distance myself from him for almost two years now. When this all came out, even though I knew first-hand from people, it wasn't my place to call out names. It's somebody else's story. It's for them to directly speak about.”
Co-host Meghan McCain then asked Notaro whether or not the second season episode “Can't Fight This Feeling,” which features a female character being forced to watch her male boss masturbate, was a “specific message” for C.K. Notaro said it was not intended to be, but her explanation of the episode's origins remained just a damning, considering the post-Harvey Weinstein climate:
“Our entire writer's room is all female, and every person in the room has had an experience with assault, abuse or harassment in some way. Every single one. There's six [writers] and a female writer's assistant. Every story on One Mississippi is based in truth, and it's not necessarily my truth, but it's somebody truth. Something somebody experienced, or knew of the experience happening, and we wanted to recreate that.”
“It's not somebody interested in somebody,” Notaro concluded. “It's power, it's abuse and it's disgusting.” As for McCain's question regarding singling out C.K., Notaro said, “We wanted to send the message to everybody.”
AMERICAN LEAGUE Toronto 000 002 002—4 6 1 Boston 001 012 02x—6 11 1
Gaviglio, Oh (7), Tepera (8) and Maile; Rodriguez, Barnes (7), B.Johnson (9), Kimbrel (9) and C.Vazquez. W_Rodriguez 6-1. L_Gaviglio 2-1. Sv_Kimbrel (18). HRs_Toronto, Hernandez (8). Boston, Nunez (4), Martinez (18).
___
Chicago 000 000 001—1 5 2 Cleveland 205 200 00x—9 13 0
Lopez, Volstad (3), Avilan (4), Rondon (5), Fry (6), N.Jones (7), Soria (8) and Narvaez; Kluber, Beliveau (7), Marshall (8), B.Taylor (9) and Gomes. W_Kluber 8-2. L_Lopez 1-4. HRs_Chicago, Sanchez (3). Cleveland, Ramirez (17), Encarnacion (13).
___
Houston 000 020 001—3 7 0 New York 100 022 00x—5 8 1
Keuchel, McHugh (6) and Stassi; L.Severino, Dav.Robertson (8), A.Chapman (9) and Romine. W_L.Severino 8-1. L_Keuchel 3-7. Sv_A.Chapman (12). HRs_Houston, Stassi (5).
___
Los Angeles 001 000 000—1 7 0 Detroit 100 005 00x—6 9 0
Ohtani, Bedrosian (6), J.Johnson (6), Morris (8) and Maldonado; Fiers, Jimenez (8), Greene (9) and Greiner. W_Coleman 2-0. L_Bedrosian 1-1.
___
Minnesota 001 124 000— 8 11 0 Kansas City 270 000 11x—11 16 0
Romero, Slegers (2), Pressly (8) and B.Wilson; Keller, Oaks (4), B.Smith (5), Flynn (6), McCarthy (7), Hill (8), K.Herrera (9) and S.Perez. W_McCarthy 4-2. L_Romero 2-2. Sv_K.Herrera (12). HRs_Minnesota, Dozier (8), Adrianza (1). Kansas City, Moustakas (12), Soler (8), Dozier (1).
___
Tampa Bay 013 000 020—6 10 0 Oakland 000 000 000—0 1 4
Eovaldi, Font (7), Nuno (9) and Sucre; Manaea, Ramirez (6), Coulombe (8), Hatcher (9) and Lucroy. W_Eovaldi 1-0. L_Manaea 5-6. HRs_Tampa Bay, Refsnyder (2), Field (5).
___
INTERLEAGUE Washington 001 000 100—2 7 0 Baltimore 000 000 000—0 4 0
Scherzer, Doolittle (9) and P.Severino; Hess, M.Castro (7), Hart (8), Wright Jr. (9) and Sisco. W_Scherzer 9-1. L_Hess 2-2. Sv_Doolittle (13). HRs_Washington, Harper (18).
___
NATIONAL LEAGUE St. Louis 000 000 200—2 8 1 Milwaukee 000 010 20x—3 10 1
A.Reyes, Gant (5), Lyons (7), Tuivailala (7) and Kelly; Guerra, Jeffress (7), Hader (8), Knebel (9) and Kratz, Pina. W_Jeffress 5-0. L_Tuivailala 1-1. Sv_Knebel (5). HRs_St. Louis, Bader (5). Milwaukee, Yelich (7).
___
Cincinnati 000 402 001—7 12 0 Arizona 301 000 000—4 13 1
Romano, W.Peralta (6), Hughes (7), Garrett (7), R.Iglesias (8) and Barnhart; Corbin, Salas (7), Chafin (8), McFarland (9) and Murphy. W_Romano 3-6. L_Corbin 5-2. Sv_R.Iglesias (9). HRs_Cincinnati, Schebler (6), Duvall (10). Arizona, Goldschmidt (7), Murphy (7).
___
Chicago 100 000 000—1 9 1 Pittsburgh 110 000 00x—2 9 0
Hendricks, R.Rosario (6), Mazzoni (7), J.Wilson (7) and Contreras; Musgrove, Crick (8), F.Vazquez (9) and Cervelli. W_Musgrove 2-0. L_Hendricks 4-4. Sv_F.Vazquez (10). HRs_Pittsburgh, Harrison (2).
___
New York 000 100 111—4 9 1 Atlanta 000 000 100—1 5 0
Vargas, T.Peterson (6), Familia (8), Gsellman (9) and Plawecki; Teheran, Carle (8), S.Freeman (8), Socolovich (9) and Suzuki. W_Vargas 2-3. L_Teheran 4-3. Sv_Gsellman (2). HRs_Atlanta, Camargo (4).
___
San Francisco 020 220 010—7 11 0 Colorado 310 000 000—4 11 0
Holland, Moronta (6), Watson (7), S.Dyson (8), Strickland (9) and Posey; Gray, Musgrave (4), Oberg (6), McGee (8), Rusin (9) and Wolters. W_Holland 3-6. L_Musgrave 0-1. Sv_Strickland (11). HRs_Colorado, Arenado (11).
___
Miami 000 200 000—2 4 1 San Diego 000 100 002—3 6 0
Urena, Steckenrider (7), Barraclough (8), Ziegler (9) and Realmuto; Richard, Strahm (8) and Lopez. W_Strahm 1-2. L_Ziegler 0-5. HRs_Miami, Castro (3). San Diego, Reyes (4).
___
Philadelphia 000 000 101—2 8 1 Los Angeles 103 120 01x—8 13 0
Eflin, Arano (5), Hutchison (7) and Alfaro; Stripling, Garcia (8), Venditte (9) and Grandal. W_Stripling 3-1. L_Eflin 1-2. HRs_Philadelphia, Williams (6). Los Angeles, Muncy (7), Kemp (7).
Transcript for Deadly workplace rampage in San Francisco
The other developing headline a deadly workplace rampage in San Francisco. A U.P.S. Employee opening fire on fellow drivers. Here's kayna Whitworth. Reporter: The call came in at 8:55 A.M. Possible active shooter. The suspect is an employee. Reporr: A U.P.S. Employee dressed for work, opening fire at the morning drivers meeting, killing his co-workers. It was pop pop pop, about seven shots. And then he fired at least five to six more outside. I have two people shot. Cpr in progress. I need two ambulances here now. Reporter: Employees rushed to safety. Area residents ordered to shelter in place, one snapping this photo of workers on the roof, hands in the air. They were escaping to get away from the gunman. Reporter: Police closing in with armored vehicles as they search for the suspect, and secure the building. David, five workers were shot three were killed, before the gunman took his own life, David? There's still much more
This transcript has been automatically generated and may not be 100% accurate.
BUCHAREST, Romania (AP) — A Romanian auction house is selling memorabilia belonging to former Communist dictator Nicolae Ceausescu to mark what would have been his 100th birthday.
The "Golden Era" online auction kicks off Wednesday evening. Among the 250 items going under the hammer are a fur-lined hunting cap worn by Ceausescu, an avid hunter, and shoes and a purse made for his wife, Elena Ceausescu. There's even toilet paper, which was scarce in the late days of communism.
Iulian Plestiu, research director at Artmark auction house, says potential buyers are middle-aged Romanians collecting memorabilia or younger people looking to acquire one of the now-trendy period posters.
Communism in Romania ended in 1989 when the Ceausescus were executed after a summary trial.
Transcript for FBI arrest suspect for allegedly trying to detonate a cargo van outside an Oklahoma bank
This transcript has been automatically generated and may not be 100% accurate.
A look at what's happening all around the majors Tuesday:
___
STREAKING STANTON
Giancarlo Stanton has homered in five straight games for the Marlins and leads the majors with 43. He's already set the Miami record for homers in a season, topping Gary Sheffield's 42 in 1996.
Stanton has hit 22 home runs in his last 34 games. He takes aim on the Giants once again when the series continues at Marlins Park.
PORCELLO TRIO?
Boston righty Rick Porcello tries to win his third straight start when the Cardinals visit Fenway Park. At 6-14 with a 4.63 ERA, Porcello hasn't been able to duplicate the success he enjoyed last year in taking the Cy Young Award. The AL East-leading Red Sox are hoping he can recapture some of that winning form down the stretch.
VERLANDER QUARTET?
Justin Verlander is trying to win four straight starts for the first time in four years. The Tigers star, who is scheduled to start at Texas, allowed one run over eight scoreless innings against Pittsburgh last Wednesday. He has given up only two runs over 21 innings his last three starts (Houston, Baltimore and the Pirates).
The last time the 2011 AL Cy Young and AL MVP winner won four straight starts was midway through the 2013 season. Verlander is 4-1 with a 3.19 ERA in six road starts against the Rangers. He beat them in Detroit earlier this season with seven solid innings.
HEADY HODGES
It will be Gil Hodges Bobblehead Night at Dodger Stadium when Los Angeles hosts the Chicago White Sox. Hodges played in seven World Series for the Dodgers — six times in Brooklyn and also in 1959 when they beat the White Sox for their first championship in LA. An eight-time All-Star, the first baseman hit 370 home runs and, having also managed the 1969 Miracle Mets to their first title, has several supporters who believe he should be posthumously voted into the Hall of Fame.
Alex Wood (14-1) starts for the Dodgers. At 83-34, a win would put them 50 games over .500.
Galveston, TX (77553)
Today
Thunderstorms likely. High 79F. Winds light and variable. Chance of rain 100%..
Tonight
Some clouds. A stray shower or thunderstorm is possible. Low 78F. Winds ESE at 10 to 15 mph.
Refuting common harmful myths about trans and gender-nonconforming people. Donate to order this gift now!
A critical analysis of Trumpism in the context of longer-term trends. Donate to order this gift now!
Know these five budget facts
JOHN HOOD
Syndicated Columnist
During the recently completed legislative session, the Republican-led North Carolina General Assembly overrode a veto by Democratic Gov. Roy Cooper to enact a new budget for state government. Here are five facts you need to know about the spending plan and its potential effects on you, your family, and your finances.
First, the state budget encompasses a wide variety of programs and funding sources. The part most people focus on is called the General Fund, which uses income taxes, sales taxes, and other familiar revenue tools to fund the operations of public schools, colleges, universities, prisons, and the state's share of welfare programs such as Medicaid, for example.
Under the new plan, General Fund spending will rise to $23.6 billion by the 2018-19 fiscal year. By comparison, the total state budget will exceed $50 billion each year, and includes highway funds, federal funds, and other funding sources.
The second fact to know about the state budget is that it will cut your taxes — again. Since 2011, the General Assembly has repeatedly reduced North Carolina taxes, first by refusing Democratic attempts to maintain a massive sales-tax increase, then by implementing in stages a package of reforms that has drawn great interest from around the country.
On the income tax, North Carolina will soon have a 5.25 percent flat tax and a generous set of deductions that will shield from tax the first $20,000 of income for married couples, the first $15,000 for heads of households, and $10,000 for singles — and even more than that for families with children.
On the corporate tax, North Carolina will soon have a 2.5 percent flat tax, down from 6.9 percent in 2010, as well as a lower and more sensibly designed tax on the capital stock of businesses. The fiscal tradeoff has been the elimination of dozens of tax breaks for special interests. Thank goodness.
On the sales tax, lawmakers did broaden its scope to include some services not previously taxed. But, again, keep in mind that the current state sales-tax rate is 4.75 percent, down from 5.75 percent in 2010.
The third fact to know about the North Carolina budget is that cutting taxes didn't keep the General Assembly from funding high-priority needs such as teacher pay and public safety.
It is certainly true, however, that the Republicans now crafting state budgets believe in fiscal discipline. From 2011 to 2017, General Fund spending went up by an annual average of 2.5 percent. If lawmakers continue to budget conservatively in the coming years, the state budget will remain in balance. If they don't, there will be trouble.
The fourth fact to know about the North Carolina budget is that the new plan continues the recent practice of building up state savings accounts. This is both a wise precaution in case of recession or natural disaster and a fiscal insurance policy against future tax hikes.
The fifth fact to know is that, taken in their totality, North Carolina's budget policies rank us 15th in the nation in fiscal health, according to new research by scholars at George Mason University's Mercatus Center. Our state fared particularly well in long-term solvency (8th in the country), because of our disciplined approach to savings, and trust-fund solvency (7th in the country), because of our relatively low levels of debt.
These are facts about the state budget. What they mean is, of course, subject to interpretation and debate. Some politicians and activists think North Carolina should spend more, tax more, and save less. I disagree — and I hope they don't get their way.
John Hood is chairman of the John Locke Foundation and appears on the talk show “NC SPIN.” You can follow him @JohnHoodNC.
LOS ANGELES (AP) — It wouldn't be the Golden Globes without a few peculiar nominations and exclusions and this year has proven to be no different. The 90-some members of the Hollywood Foreign Press Association not only shut out the charming romantic comedy "The Big Sick," but also failed to recognize any women in the directing category.
The organization also gave multiple nominations to "The Greatest Showman" and "All the Money in the World," neither of which have been widely seen or reviewed by critics.
The HFPA did however seem to make a clear statement regarding projects associated with men accused of sexual misconduct, like Jeffrey Tambor and Kevin Spacey. Neither "Transparent" nor "House of Cards" received any nominations, despite being favorites of the Golden Globes in past years.
Interested in Russia Investigation? Add Russia Investigation as an interest to stay up to date on the latest Russia Investigation news, video, and analysis from ABC News. Add Interest
Visiting U.S. senators on Wednesday urged Russia not to meddle in the U.S. midterm election in November if it wants to improve strained bilateral ties.
The senators were in Russia as part of a congressional visit taking place two weeks ahead of a summit between the nations' presidents in Helsinki.
Sen. John Thune, a South Dakota Republican, called for a "change in behavior" on the part of Moscow.
"The best way to demonstrate this as we head into the 2018 election is to show the American people and our congress and our administration that the Russians have no intention of messing or playing with the American election," Thune told The Associated Press in an interview.
Richard Shelby, a senator from Alabama who heads the delegation, brought up the topic of alleged Russian interference in the 2016 U.S. presidential election.
"I think it's a given in the United States, in both parties, that Russia tried to meddle and probably did meddle in the election," Shelby told the AP.
Senator Jerry Moran from Kansas said all Russian officials they spoke to denied that. "It was simply a denial on their part that it occurred."
Shelby added, however, that despite deep disagreements, the meeting was a useful step in improving ties.
"We also told them that even though our relationship is strained, it would be better for the world for us to be competitors, always, rather than adversaries. But we'll have to see what happens."
Russia-U.S. ties have been bitterly strained by the fighting in Ukraine, the Syrian war and allegations of election meddling.
PHNOM PENH, Cambodia (AP) — A forest protection ranger, a military police officer and a conservation worker have been killed in an ambush in northeastern Cambodia where illegal logging and smuggling are rife.
Keo Sopheak, a senior environmental official in Mondulkiri province, said the three-person team was attacked late Tuesday afternoon after patrolling in the Keo Siema wildlife conservation sanctuary. The dead civilian was a Cambodian employee of the New York-based Wildlife Conservation Society.
Keo Sopheak said the conservation team had confiscated chainsaws and motorcycles from some Vietnamese logging illegally.
But the official said the team was returning from their patrol when they were attacked and killed by Cambodian security forces, who are known to collaborate with illegal loggers who smuggle the wood to neighboring Vietnam.
Further circumstances of their deaths were not immediately clear.
Tuesday - Thundery showers mainly over northern and eastern Singapore in the afternoon.
Wednesday - Late morning and early afternoon thundery showers.
There is so much riding on superhero movies these days that it can sometimes feel like a torturous task. It's certainly how Joss Whedon felt after making Avengers: Age of Ultron.
“It's weird because the first one [Avengers: Assemble] was very, very, very, hard,” the director said after Ultron's release. “This one was much harder. It a little bit broke me.”
The Russo Brothers were confronted with an even more ambitious task by making the next two Avengers movies back-to-back but explained to Yahoo Movies why it didn't break them.
“I think because there are two of us it was a very different experience for us,” Joe Russo said. “It's a lot; he's writing, he's directing, he's doing it all, he's going home at night and reworking the script, but there's two of us and it would be hard enough to try to accomplish one of these movies in a year. We did two of them.
The Russo Brothers talk Avengers: Infinity War More
“Because we had done two prior Marvel films, we had a system in place, we work with the same crew, we have a great support system. We have an incredible VFX team that's been working with us on all four movies, our DP has been with us for all four films, so we developed a shorthand where we think we can move efficiently now through the material.”
There was certainly a lot of material; Avengers: Infinity War boasts the most Marvel heroes ever, an “unprecedented” amount Anthony Russo explained.
“I think we are just struck with the amount of people we were able to work with which I think was an unprecedented number of characters in a single film,” he said. “I don't think anyone has seen a movie like this before and I think we're just grateful for the opportunity to bring the people to the table who we were able.”
In the past, Joss Whedon has said he was unable to work with Thanos as the main villain because he didn't know how to make him relatable. The Russos found that it's because so little was done with the character that they were able to weave a narrative around him.
The directors treated Thanos like a hero by making him just as complex More
“Well, that was our whole jumping off point with the story because we knew that the characters had been so lightly teased, so far, that I think we began our whole process in thinking about these movies like, who is Thanos really?” Anthony said.
“Realising that he was the touchstone that would connect every single element of the MCU led us to start thinking about him as the central character of this movie and so we filled him out in a very complex level.
“He's one of our favourite characters that we've worked with so far in the MCU and Josh Brolin is such an amazing actor, he brought an amazing performance and an amazing complexity to it,” the co-director continued, “but he's a very complex character. In the same we as our heroes to be complex we like our villains to be complex.
“There is a dimension to him that is altruistic, he has an intelligence and he actually believes that what he's doing is going to be good for people, even though his means of achieving it are sociopathic.”
TORONTO -
Sarah Blakely recalls feeling some trepidation when she and her husband shelled out more than $300,000 for a modest 1 1/2-storey house in a less-desirable part of Toronto.
Seven years later, they found themselves on the right side of a hot housing market, with values tripling in a 'hood suddenly considered up-and-coming for young families seeking detached homes.
They recently sold that renovated three-bedroom for more than $1 million and now expect to live mortgage-free in a four-bedroom purchase in their hometown of Ottawa.
The 34-year-old says it made sense to cash out of a city that was draining their finances, energy and family time.
“My husband and I saw an opportunity to take advantage of the recent gains in real estate and to move to a less expensive city to live mortgage-free, support our savings for retirement and also to be closer to family,” says Blakely, whose new home has nearly twice the square footage.
And they may have taken action at just the right time.
Blakely's real estate agent Josie Stern says the market appears to be cooling, and doubts Blakely could fetch that same jackpot sale today.
“A little bit of air has been let out of the bubble,” she says.
Many buyers and sellers are waiting to see what will come of Tuesday's scheduled meeting between Finance Minister Bill Morneau, Ontario Finance Minister Charles Sousa and Toronto Mayor John Tory, who are expected to discuss ways to rein in Toronto's hot housing market.
Meanwhile, the Ontario government is promising to announce affordability measures soon.
Stern says some buyers are delaying their purchase in anticipation of possible fixes.
“Buyers have been in such a stressful situation for so long that now they think somebody is going to save them and they're waiting,” says Stern. “They've dug their heels in, they're tired of competition and then there's those that are still proceeding, but there's been quite a big pullback from buyers.”
Sellers who've bought new homes are rushing to list their old property, she adds, but many are not getting the high bids seen a month ago.
The Toronto market has been astonishing, with the average sale in the Greater Toronto Area skyrocketing last month to $916,567. That's up 33.2 per cent from a year ago.
With strong demand and limited supply, it wasn't uncommon for bidding wars to result in sales hundreds of thousands of dollars above asking. And a lot of those sellers took those dollars out of the Greater Toronto Area where they can get more acreage, less congestion and still pocket a fair bit of cash.
“We're finding that a lot of people are leaving the city,” says Stern, who estimates that about a third of her 35 sales this year involved sellers either downsizing to condos or moving to more affordable markets.
“It's empty-nesters, it's (couples with) babies, it's all kinds of people that are doing this.”
Even with a new uncertainty in the air, it's still a seller's market, she adds.
One of her biggest sales was a $2-million listing that went $575,000 over asking in February. The sellers moved to the commuter city of Burlington, Ont.
They're joining buyers priced out of the Toronto market who have gone looking for cheaper housing in smaller communities across the Golden Horseshoe, spurring other sales spikes in the region — Hamilton-Burlington homes jumped 22.6 per cent during the first two months of 2017 compared to a year earlier.
Still other buyers are looking farther afield.
Remember that relatively inexpensive Nova Scotia mansion that dominated Facebook last month?
Real estate agent Wanda Graves of Eastern Valley Real Estate says it's sparked more inquiries from Ontario, Manitoba, Alberta and B.C. house hunters suddenly hip to Eastern Canada's charms.
Nova Scotia sellers are taking notice, and are marketing to out-of-province buyers now considered increasingly likely to make an offer.
“They know that there are buyers out there and now it's, 'How do we reach them?”' says Graves.
Before selling for $455,000, the mansion in Newport Landing, N.S., drew more than one million views on her company's website and 36,000 shares on Facebook.
It's a story Vancouver real estate agent Melissa Wu knows well.
Years of record-setting sales saw Vancouver homeowners cash out for smaller markets with more space.
But that changed after the B.C. government introduced a 15 per cent foreign buyers' tax last summer, which Wu says especially soured interest in west Vancouver luxury homes priced at more than $4 million.
Detached homes in the $1-million to $2-million range in east Vancouver are doing well and still notching close to record highs, says Wu.
Her recent sales included a $2-million get for a century-old home owned by a retired couple. Their plan is to downsize to an older condo costing less than $500,000. The rest of the proceeds will go to their kids and retirement fund.
She says the sale was a record high for the neighbourhood, but it took an agonizing three weeks to secure — longer than it would have last year, she says.
She advises Toronto homeowners thinking of selling to take advantage while they can.
“There's always a shift coming in,” she says of this hot market. “Sell before it corrects.”
Stern would like to see a crackdown on real estate speculators in Toronto, citing one buyer who bought 15 properties in the last two years.
And she cautions those tempted to cash out that there's always a risk the market won't co-operate.
“People have been asking themselves that question since the year 2000: Should I sell? Should I cash out?
“And there have been people who have cashed out and have regretted it because they've seen what the market has (done) — they've never been able to rebuy the houses that they've sold.”
When Ron and Bobbie Douglas founded Seven Gables Real Estate in 1976 from a trailer in a vacant lot in the Tustin foothills, the two saw a need for unique approach to Orange County's luxury real-estate market, capitalizing on the in-depth of knowledge of their agents of the communities in which they live and serve. Today, the firm continues to thrive based on its culture, values and innovation, according to Mike Hickman, president of the firm.
Seven Gables recently made its second appearance among the Orange County Register's Top Workplaces, ranking second in the midsize-company category for 2016. Hickman noted Seven Gables Real Estate is driven by a philosophy of entrepreneurialism that was first expressed by Peter Drucker, whom Forbes magazine as “the founder of modern management.”
“This defines entrepreneur and entrepreneurship – the entrepreneur always searches for change, responds to it, and exploits it as an opportunity,” wrote Drucker in his book, “Innovation and Entrepreneurship.”
‘A very good year'
Seven Gables celebrated its 40th anniversary following what Hickman described as a “very good year” for the company. He noted that 2015 was one of the best years in the past decade for the Orange County real-estate market. The region's luxury market, comprising homes valued at more than $1,000,000, experienced a sales increase of more than 42.2 percent over the previous year. According to Luxury Portfolio International, Seven Gables ranked as the top broker for luxury property sales in each of the ZIP codes in which it conducts business.
The list of qualities making Seven Gables a Top Workplace is extensive, Hickman believes. Factors include a top-notch leadership team that connects with the associates and employees; a shared respect for the company's brand and mission; a higher level of investment in technology and people; and a family-like environment with structure and accountability. As a values-driven business, Seven Gables not only strives to differentiate itself from other real-estate firms, but to raise the bar in the real estate industry, he said.
Shared vision
Leadership throughout the organization focuses on what Hickman described as the “correct mindset, skill set and action set” to achieve of positive outcomes and “life-balanced results.” The company's defined vision is “To Help Our People Maximize Their Potential.” This entails an environment of encouragement, care and support, Hickman said.
When recruiting, the company looks for candidates who not only demonstrate exemplary job skills, but who share the company's values and culture, Hickman noted. “By doing so, an intangible energy exists that fosters a positive mindset and is true to our core values. In the end, we are really after the creation of a great life for everyone associated with Seven Gables.”
Seven Gable places a high value on associate development, offering an intense mentorship program that Hickman feels is beneficial to agents and support staff alike.
“In the real-estate industry, most companies train for a few weeks, and then the agent is sent out to work,” he said. “Our mentor program entails a yearlong, structured program with business and life coaches that help the associate to achieve their goals.”
Community focus
As a company that sees its local focus as one of its strongest assets, Seven Gables naturally strives to maintain a high level of community involvement. The firm focuses especially on helping the schools in the regions it serves and is an annual supporter of the Tustin Dinosaur Dash, a race benefiting the Tustin Public Schools Foundation. Hickman serves as chairman for the Make-A-Wish Orange County/Inland Empire, and the company regularly participates in events benefitting the children served by the organization.
Seven Gables Real Estate
Industry: Real estate
Employees in region: 233
Headquarters: Tustin
Founded: 1976
Website: sevengables.com
Awards
Top Workplaces – Orange County Register, 2015 and 2016. No. 2 among midsize companies in 2016
Top 15 websites, U.S. – Leading Real Estate Companies of The World, 2015
Most Innovative Brokerage – Leading Real Estate Companies of The World, 2015
Top 3, luxury real estate, worldwide – Luxury Portfolio, 2015
Top Business in Tustin – Tustin Chamber of Commerce, 2015
What employees enjoy
A U.S. Army carry team transfers the remains of Army Staff Sgt. Dustin Wright of Lyons, Georgia, at Dover Air Force Base in Delaware, U.S. on October 5, 2017. Courtesy Aaron J. Jenne/U.S. Air Force/Handout via REUTERS
By Phil Stewart and Idrees Ali
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. military said on Friday that a fourth soldier was killed during an attack on Wednesday in Niger, raising the death toll from an incident that has thrown a spotlight on the U.S. counterterrorism mission in the West African nation.
The United States had previously announced that three U.S. Army Special Forces soldiers had been killed and another two wounded when a joint U.S.-Nigerien patrol came under attack near the village of Tongo Tongo.
It did not disclose until Friday that a fourth soldier had been missing. Officials said his body was found by Nigerien forces on Friday morning near the site of the ambush, ending an extensive rescue and recovery mission.
No group has taken responsibility for the killings, although officials, speaking on condition of anonymity, say the United States suspects a local branch of Islamic State was responsible.
The U.S. military's Africa Command declined to publicly name any group but said the American military would hunt down the insurgents.
"Absolutely, we are resolved and stalwart in our efforts to go after those who attacked this joint patrol of Nigerien and U.S. forces," said Army Colonel Mark Cheadle, a spokesman for the U.S. military's Africa Command.
From initial accounts, the 40-member patrol, which included about a dozen U.S. troops, came under a swift attack by militants riding in a dozen vehicles and on about 20 motorcycles.
Islamist militants form part of a regional insurgency in the poor, sparsely populated deserts of West Africa's Sahel.
Jihadists have stepped up attacks on U.N. peacekeepers, Malian soldiers and civilian targets since being driven back in northern Mali by a French-led military intervention in 2013.
U.S. President Donald Trump and French President Emmanuel Macron discussed joint counterterrorism operations in the Sahel to defeat al-Qaeda and other terrorist groups during a call on Friday, the White House said.
LOW-RISK
Cheadle said the U.S. and Nigerien troops had been meeting with local leadership at the time of the attack, in what had been seen as a relatively lower-risk endeavor for America's elite commandos.
There was not even any armed air cover at the time that could carry out air strikes if necessary.
"It was not meant to be an engagement with the enemy. It was meant to establish relations with the local leaders and the threats at the time were deemed to be unlikely, so there was no overhead armed air cover during the engagement," he said.
Cheadle acknowledged that loss of elite U.S. forces would trigger a review of how the U.S. military carries out operations but did not suggest any move to scale back the American mission.
The U.S. military on Friday published the names of the three Army Special Forces soldiers from 3rd Special Forces Group (Airborne) who were killed when their reconnaissance patrol with Nigerien forces came under fire.
They were Staff Sergeant Bryan Black, 35, of Puyallup, Washington, Staff Sergeant Jeremiah Johnson, 39, of Springboro, Ohio and Staff Sergeant Dustin Wright, 29, of Lyons, Georgia.
The U.S. military said it had surged resources to Niger to try to locate the missing American soldier. Cheadle said that included U.S. fighter jets, helicopters and surveillance assets.
"There was a full-court press," he said.
(Reporting by Phil Stewart; Editing by Sandra Maler and Jonathan Oatis)
Transcript for Moment of silence held for bridge collapse victims as first lawsuit filed
This transcript has been automatically generated and may not be 100% accurate.
Standing inside Orange County's newest museum is to travel back to a time nearly unimaginable and to a site where 150,000 men and women took their first steps toward winning World War II.
To call the building modest is an understatement. It was never meant to stand out. It was only one of nearly 300 barracks where U.S. Army cadets learned the craft of war.
Yet this little two-story structure in some ways stands higher than the tallest building in the world.
Called “Heroes Hall” and located at the OC Fair and Event Center, this barrack opens its doors for the first time Wednesday to a public that will learn about the meaning of courage, patriotism, honor.
In one area, a pair of tattered boots silently speaks to the legacy of one Marine who served during the toughest stretch of the Vietnam War, 1968, the year when more than 16,000 American men and women in uniform were killed.
“They took me to the places,” writes Sgt. Bruce Pilch of his boots, “to fight a controversial war and, most importantly, led me to cross paths with other Marines that were once strangers but are forever brothers.”
I look out a window. In silent testimony to our men and women in uniform, there is a Medal of Honor plaza with recently relocated brass plaques that once formed the Walk of Honor near the county's Civic Center in Santa Ana.
The new home for the Walk of Honor is especially fitting. By the end of World War II, the 1,300-acre Santa Ana Army Air Base saw special units that included the Women's Army Auxiliary Corps, Chinese National Air Force Detachment, Tuskegee Airmen, Navajo Code Talkers.
The diversity serves as a reminder that war knows only one color – blood red.
WORLD WAR II BASE
Before visiting the museum, I thought I knew a fair amount of Orange County history. But somehow the Santa Ana Army Air Base's relatively brief lifespan – 1942-1946 – escaped me.
Its inductees included a young Joseph Heller, who would go on to write the book “Catch 22,” baseball legend Joe DiMaggio, and Don Beach, who was later known as Don the Beachcomber, king of Polynesian hip.
Even Gene Autry, cowboy singer and later owner of the Angels baseball team, served at the base.
To entertain the troops, stars such as Bob Hope, Bing Crosby, Judy Garland and Frank Sinatra made the trip down from Hollywood.
But most significantly, the base played a critical role in helping win World War II. At any one time, it housed 26,000 cadets who learned everything from assembling a machine gun blindfolded – literally – to the effects of high altitude while sitting in decompression chambers.
Later, the state of California bought the land for the new home for the Orange County Fair.
Michele Richards, vice president of business development for the OC Fair and Event Center, explains the museum will continue the legacy of the base by telling the stories of men and women who served. Starting in the fall, 11th-graders will visit to learn more about the military.
Already, the museum is up and running.
WALK OF HONOR
I walk the plaza that commemorates Orange County veterans who received the Medal of Honor, the Navy Cross, the Distinguished Service Cross or the Air Force Cross.
There are an astonishing 11 Medals of Honor plaques and each one is worth reading. One young recipient is buried in the Navy cemetery that overlooks San Diego Harbor, just a short walk from where my grandfather is interred.
Michael Monsoor grew up in Orange County, became a Navy SEAL and gave his all on Sept. 29, 2006, in Ramadi, Iraq, when he threw himself on a grenade, saving the lives of his buddies.
Another plaque honors Tibor Rubin, a man I had the honor of getting to know before he died a little over a year ago at age 86. Rubin survived the Holocaust in an Austrian concentration camp and came to the U.S. so he could volunteer as a “G.I. Joe.”
During the Korean War, Rubin suffered anti-Semitic treatment from a superior officer yet served with exceptional courage fighting off the enemy – alone. Then, he went on to save dozens of Americans in a POW camp.
I stop to take a photo of the plaque that honors John Baca, a Vietnam veteran who tore off his helmet and used it and his body to cover a grenade to save his brothers in arms. Baca is 68 years old and a park in Huntington Beach bears his name. But Baca is far too humble to tell anyone who he is.
So to remind Baca just how much he means to his country, I text the photo to one of his best friends.
EXHIBITS GIVE VOICE
The current main exhibit at the museum focuses on Vietnam, partly through the eyes of Vietnam veteran Tim O'Brien, author of the book “The Things They Carried.”
“War is hell,” O'Brien writes, “but that is not the half of it, because war is also mystery and terror and adventure and courage and discovery and holiness and pity and despair and longing and love.
“War is nasty; war is fun. War is thrilling; war is drudgery. War makes you a man; war makes you dead.”
O'Brien's words echo hundreds of voices I've listened to while spending time with men and women who served in the military. Yet there are other stories as well, stories that come alive in exhibits where you can bear witness to the tools of war.
I come across a display still under construction and pick up a .45 caliber semi-automatic pistol, standard-issue sidearm for U.S. Armed Forces for more than a half-century.
Silently, the heavy weapon tells its own story.
Contact the writer: dwhiting@scng.com
KIEV, Ukraine (AP) — Mikheil Saakashvili, the former Georgian president turned opposition leader in Ukraine, is in court in the Ukrainian capital.
Saakashvili was arrested Friday on allegations that he colluded with Ukrainian businessmen tied to Russia to topple President Petro Poroshenko. Saakashvili rejected the allegations and is refusing food to protest his detention.
The Pechersky District court in Kiev deliberated Monday on whether to keep him in custody. Saakashvili's supporters scuffled with police outside the court building.
Yulia Tymoshenko, a former prime minister who leads an opposition party, attended the hearing in a show of support for Saakashvili.
On Sunday, thousands of Saakashvili's supporters marched across Kiev, demanding his release and calling for Poroshenko to be impeached.
The Preds said this week that Boston would be a good test to open the season and it was as the Bruins handed the Preds an opening season los…
WASHINGTON (AP) — A top Republican congressman, members of the U.S. Capitol Police, a congressional aide and a lobbyist were injured when a gunman opened fire at a baseball practice. The assailant later died after the incident.
— Rep. Steve Scalise, R-La., House Majority Whip and third in leadership. Elected in 2008, he represents a district in Louisiana that includes New Orleans suburbs and the southwest part of the state.
— Matt Mika, former aide to Rep. Tim Walberg, R-Mich., who said Mika is a graduate of Adrian College and a former baseball player who worked as a volunteer at Wednesday's practice to help the congressional team get ready for the game. His family released a statement saying paramedics told them Mika was shot multiple times and is in critical condition. Mika is director of government relations for Tyson Foods Washington, D.C., office and has worked for the company for more than six years.
— Zachary Barth, legislative aide for Republican Rep. Roger Williams of Texas. Williams says Barth is doing well and is expected to make a full recovery.
— Special Agents David Bailey and Crystal Griner, members of the U.S. Capitol Police whose actions Speaker Paul Ryan credited with saving lives.
The shooter in the attack has been identified as James. T. Hodgkinson, a resident of Illinois. After an exchange of gunfire with police, the shooter died.
Greg Palast exposes the GOP's suppression of the vote in this investigative documentary! Donate to order this gift now!
Share This Video Facebook Twitter EMAIL
Maybe it's Marvel Japan's absolutely fantastic Japanese announcer, maybe it's the new clips showing off Black Panther's new, super high-tech suit, or maybe it's the tone that feels different from any recent Marvel movies, but the latest Black Panther trailer deserves attention.
In the fallout of Justice League and the leaking of various Infinity War clips, it's like Black Panther has flown under the radar, but the fresh scenes shown off in this third international trailer should snap us all back to attention. We get a look at T'Challa's newly-designed suit which harnesses nano-power (and also seems way better than Iron Man's suit) to bend and shift energy around him in the heat of battle. It also paints a picture of a globetrotting Chadwick Boseman, who seems to be playing T'Challa like the international royalty that he is.
Witness the legend. The new #BlackPanther poster has been revealed. Who's excited for February? pic.twitter.com/8IsWkBBg6N — Marvel UK & Ireland (@MarvelUK) December 7, 2017
Considering how much world-building is going to be involved in Black Panther before we see T'Challa again in Infinity War, it seems like the movie has its hands full. But judging by the trailers, we're going to be seeing a thriller that should hopefully bridge the gap to that major Avengers outing with what seems like a magical spy caper featuring the coolest suit in the Marvel universe on February 16, 2018. That's saying a lot.
(Via Slashfilm)
Government troops arrested an alleged Maute bomber in Cagayan de Oro City Thursday morning.
Mohammad Noaim Maute, alias Abu Jadid, was arrested in Barangay (village) Macasandig at about 6:30 a.m., a report from the Eastern Mindanao Command said.
Last Saturday, police warned Cagayan de Oro residents against two suspected Maute bombers: Maute and Mohammad Reza Kiram, alias Abdulrahman.
ADVERTISEMENT
The ongoing conflict in Marawi, which is on its fourth week, has killed more than 200 people, including militants, civilians and government troops. CBB/rga
Inquirer calls for support for the victims in Marawi City
Responding to appeals for help, the Philippine Daily Inquirer is extending its relief to victims of the attacks in Marawi City
Cash donations may be deposited in the Inquirer Foundation Corp. Banco De Oro (BDO) Current Account No: 007960018860.
Inquiries may be addressed to Inquirer's Corporate Affairs office through Connie Kalagayan at 897-4426, ckalagayan@inquirer.com.ph and Bianca Kasilag-Macahilig at 897-8808 local 352, bkasilag@inquirer.com.ph.
For donation from overseas:
Inquirer Foundation Corp account:
Inquirer Foundation Corp. Banco De Oro (BDO) Current Account No: 007960018860
Swift Code: BNORPHMM
FILE - In this, Oct. 27, 2015 file pool photo, comedian Katt Williams appears in court for arraignment on robbery charges in Los Angeles. On Monday, April 17, 2017, Williams was sentenced to three years of probation after pleading no contest and will have to attend anger management classes for stealing a celebrity photographer's camera. In September 2014, a celebrity photographer accused Williams and former rap music mogul Marion "Suge" Knight of stealing her camera. The photographer said she suffered a concussion after an associate of the men attacked her. (Frederick M. Brown via AP, Pool, File)
LOS ANGELES (AP) — Comedian Katt Williams was sentenced to three years of probation after pleading no contest to stealing a celebrity photographer's camera.
Los Angeles prosecutors said Monday that Williams will also need to attend anger management classes.
In September 2014, a celebrity photographer accused Williams and former rap music mogul Marion "Suge" Knight of stealing her camera. The photographer said she suffered a concussion after an associate of the men attacked her.
Williams' attorney has said in court the comedian briefly took the camera from an associate only to erase any images of Knight's son, who was with his father visiting a Beverly Hills studio.
His attorney didn't immediately comment Monday.
Charges against Knight are still pending. He's also charged in a separate murder case and has pleaded not guilty to all charges.
10:49 Reported News Briefs Tevet 4, 5777 , 02/01/17 Tevet 4, 5777 , 02/01/17 Trump's Indonesia partner considers runnning for president Read more
Trump's Indonesian business partner considers running for president if 'no one else can fix the country's problems.' ► ◄ Last Briefs
AUSTIN, Texas (AP) -- University of Texas officials are inviting companies to submit proposals to build and operate an on-campus basketball facility to replace the 40-year old Frank Erwin Center.
School officials want a public-private partnership with minimal financial investment from the school. The arena would also be available for concerts and other public events.
The Erwin Center will eventually be demolished to make room for the expanding campus medical school. School officials said they want bids from companies with experience working with universities and building facilities that cost $350 million to $450 million at a minimum.
The announcement did not say how many seats school officials want it to have. The Erwin Center holds close to 16,500 for basketball.
EL PASO, Texas (AP) -- Jon Elmore scored 22 points with seven rebounds and five assists, and Marshall maintained safe distance down the stretch to beat UTEP 74-65 on Saturday night.
C.J. Burks' 3-pointer started an early 10-0 Marshall run and the Thundering Herd went up 19-10 with 9:48 before halftime. Evan Gilyard had a 3-point play for UTEP before Marshall established a 6-0 spurt and led by 10. Marshall's last three baskets of the half on 3s from Elmore, Jarrod West and Burks made it 34-24 at halftime.
The Miners closed to 36-31 within the first two minutes of the second half before Ajdin Penava made a 3 and Burks made 1 of 2 foul shots. Omega Harris' layup pulled the Miners within three points, and with 4:04 left, Gilyard shaved UTEP's deficit to 61-59, but the Miners never got closer.
Burks scored 16 points and Penava contributed 15 points and seven boards for the Thundering Herd (15-8, 6-4 Conference USA).
Gilyard led UTEP (7-16, 2-9) with 20 points.
CBS 2Watch CBS2 News, CBS This Morning, Dr. Phil, Judge Judy, 60 Minutes, NFL football, and your favorite CBS shows. Latest Videos Eye On New York Dining Deals Tony's Table Links & Numbers Station Info & […]
WCBS 880WCBS Newsradio 880 is one of the tri-state's most trusted sources for news and information. As a market leading news resource since 1967, WCBS reaches millions of listeners each week and boasts one of the […]
1010 WINS1010 WINS invented all news radio and is the longest-running all news station in the country. For 50 years, 1010 WINS has been a news and information utility for the New York metropolitan area. Famous […]
WFANAs the world's first 24-hour all-sports radio station, WFAN remains the premier sports talk radio station in the business. Since its debut on July 1, 1987, dozens of stations have copied the all sports format, […]
WLNYProgram Schedule Channel Guide WLNY TV 10/55 is part of the CBS Television Stations group, a division of CBS Corp. and one of the largest network-owned station groups in the country. Got a nose for […]
An Afghan official says that a Taliban attack on a village in northern Faryab province has killed five members of the local police force.
Karim Yuresh, spokesman for the provincial police chief, says the Taliban gained control of the village, located in the Shirin Tagab district, following the surprise attack on Wednesday.
He says five insurgents were also killed and two others were wounded in the battle.
Qari Yusouf Ahamdi, a Taliban spokesman, claimed responsibility for the attack.
In neighboring Jawzjan province, insurgents abducted about 50 local farmers in Darzab district.
Mohammad Reza Ghafori, spokesman for the provincial governor, says the tribal elders are trying to secure their release. He says the motive behind the kidnapping isn't yet clear.
The Taliban have not made any statements on the abducted farmers.
How would you like to sign a petition to recall an elected official and then get a knock on the door from a supporter of that official, asking if you'd like to reconsider?
That's what could happen if Sacramento Democrats succeed in their effort to quickly pass changes to the state's long-standing procedures for recall elections.
State Sen. Josh Newman, D-Fullerton, is facing a recall effort for his April 6 vote in favor of the tax increase on gasoline and diesel fuel and vehicle registrations. The recall effort, organized by San Diego radio talk show host and former city councilman Carl DeMaio, has been openly described by DeMaio as an effort to break the Democrats' supermajority in Sacramento by going after the “slowest gazelle.”
Newman narrowly defeated Republican Assemblywoman Ling Ling Chang in November to win the seat, which had been held by termed-out Senate Republican leader Bob Huff.
Under existing law, the Secretary of State's Office receives signed recall petitions from county elections officials and then has 10 days to transmit a certificate to the county showing the total number of signatures collected by the proponents.
Under the proposed law, the secretary of state would transmit a notice instead of a certificate, and voters who signed the petition would have 30 business days to withdraw their signatures.
The new law would be retroactive and would take effect immediately. Newman said it would provide a “buffer period” during which “we can go out and find out who among the signers did not do this intentionally or who was falsely persuaded to do so and give them a chance to remove it.”
That sounds an awful lot like voter intimidation. Soon canvassers could be knocking on the doors of everyone who signed the recall petitions and interrogating the surprised voters about where they signed and what they were told.
In addition to the door-knock provision, the bill designated as SB96 in the Senate and AB112 in the Assembly would build in long delays in the certification process to make it more likely that the recall could be consolidated with a regularly scheduled election, when turnout is higher than in special elections. Higher turnout typically favors Democrats.
The bill would also repeal the provision in election law that requires the Secretary of State's Office to use a random sampling technique to verify signatures. For recall petitions only, the new law would require the verification of each and every signature.
Combined, the provisions of SB96 could effectively eliminate the possibility of recall elections in California. A change of this significance deserves due consideration in the legislative process.
Instead, the measure has been introduced as a last-minute amendment to a budget trailer bill, one of dozens of pieces of blank legislation passed in May. These so-called “spot bills” contained no language other than a single line expressing an intent to write something later. Once “amended,” the bills come back to the floor of each house for an up-or-down vote with no committee hearings, debate or further amendment.
Whatever the merits or motives of the effort to recall Newman, the attempt to stymie the recall with legislation that will suffocate grassroots political activity is far worse. Lawmakers should reject it.
FILE - In this April 12, 2016, file photo, Patrick Conway, director of the Center for Medicare & Medicaid Innovation, poses for a photograph in the center's offices in Baltimore County, Md. Heart attacks and broken hips are the cause of much suffering as people grow older, and now Medicare is trying to change the way it pays for treatment to promote better quality and try to contain costs. (AP Photo/Patrick Semansky, File)
WASHINGTON (AP) — Heart attacks and broken hips cause much suffering and worry as people grow older. This year, Medicare wants to start changing how it pays for treatment of these life-threatening conditions, to promote quality and contain costs. Beneficiaries and family members may notice a new approach.
Hospitals and doctors in dozens of communities selected for large-scale experiments on this front are already gearing up. The goal is to test the notion that better coordination among clinicians, hospitals, and rehab centers can head off complications, prevent avoidable hospital re-admissions and help patients achieve more stable and enduring recoveries. If results back that up, Medicare can adopt the changes nationwide.
The cardiac and hip fracture experiments are the latest development in a big push under the Obama administration to reinvent Medicare, steering the program away from paying piecemeal for services, regardless of quality and cost. It's unclear whether Donald Trump as president will continue the pace of change, slow down or even hit pause.
Trump's Health and Human Services nominee, orthopedic-surgeon-turned-congressman Tom Price, has expressed general concern that the doctor-patient relationship could be harmed by Medicare payment changes seeking to contain costs. And the Medicare division that designed the experiments — the Center for Medicare & Medicaid Innovation — is itself under threat of being abolished because it was created by President Barack Obama's 2010 health care law.
Some outside groups, including AARP, worry that Medicare may be moving too fast and that focusing on cost containment could lead to beneficiaries being shortchanged on rehab care.
Innovation center director Patrick Conway, who also serves as Medicare's chief medical officer, is plowing ahead nonetheless. "Delivery system reform and paying for better care are bipartisan issues," Conway said. And quality ranks ahead of cost savings in evaluating any results, he added.
The cardiac and hip fracture experiments focus on traditional Medicare, which remains the choice of nearly 7 in 10 out of Medicare's 57 million beneficiaries. The cardiac experiment involves both heart bypass and heart attack patients. The trials join similar ongoing tests involving surgery for hip and knee replacement, as well as care for cancer patients undergoing chemotherapy.
In the experiments, doctors, hospitals, and rehab centers get paid the regular Medicare rates. But hospitals are given responsibility for overall quality and cost, measured against benchmarks set by Medicare. If the hospital meets or exceeds the goals, it earns a financial bonus, which can be shared with other service providers. If the hospital falls short, it may have to pay the government money.
"Now your doctor and hospital are working together to make sure they are well coordinated," said Conway.
Under the old system, if a patient was discharged from the hospital after a heart attack, "they might hand you a piece of paper that said please follow up with your primary care doctor," Conway continued. "In this model, the hospital is going to have a strong incentive to make sure you follow up."
Overall, about 168,000 Medicare beneficiaries are treated for heart attacks in a given year, while 48,000 undergo heart bypass surgery for clogged arteries and 109,000 have surgery for broken hips.
Around the country, hospitals in 98 metro areas will be involved in the cardiac experiment. The hip surgery experiment involves 67 areas that are also part of Medicare's ongoing test with hip and knee replacements.
Areas in the cardiac test include Boston, as well as Akron, Ohio; Charleston, South Carolina; Fort Collins, Colorado; Utica, New York; and Yuma, Arizona. A smaller group of communities will be involved in a related experiment that pays hospitals for coordinating rehab care for heart patients. Although the benefits of cardiac rehab are widely recognized, only a small share of patients receives it.
The hip fracture test includes the Miami, New York, and Los Angeles metro areas, as well as Austin, Texas; Bismarck, North Dakota; Flint, Michigan, and New Orleans.
Hospitals are not happy with the changes, though doctors have generally been supportive. A big concern for hospitals is that Medicare requires mandatory participation by all the facilities in areas selected for these tests. But Conway says that's likely to lead to even better results. The idea is that hospitals will watch each other's performance closely, and the ones that have room to improve will try to catch the high achievers.
____
Online:
Metro areas involved in Medicare's experiments — http://tinyurl.com/jzfyo5l
ATLANTA — Officials have identified a 5-year-old boy who died after getting caught in the rotating wall of an Atlanta restaurant.
The Atlanta Journal-Constitution (http://on-ajc.com/2pr2Rnp ) reports that the Fulton County Medical Examiner identified the boy on Sunday as Charlie Holt. The boy got his head stuck between two tables and suffered a head injury Friday at the Sun Dial, which sits atop the Westin Peachtree Plaza hotel.
Atlanta Police Officer S.R. Brown says Holt was visiting along with his parents from Charlotte, North Carolina. The family was at a window seat when Holt wandered away from the table.
ADVERTISEMENT
Brown says the rotating floor shut off automatically when Holt was struck.
Holt was taken to Grady Memorial Hospital, where he was pronounced dead.
A restaurant representative with the hotel says the Sun Dial will be closed until further notice.
BEIT SHEMESH, Israel – When Daniel Oritz moved to Israel from Venezuela recently, his first meal was a bowl of chicken soup. He took one spoonful and began to cry.
For him, the soup signified an escape from the poverty and depravation he has experienced for more than two years.
“We were very hungry,” he said. “There was no meat, no sugar, no pasta.”
Venezuela's economic crisis is so severe that citizens must wait in lines for hours at grocery stores to buy basic staples, or pay exorbitant prices on the black market. Some have even died of basic illnesses because of a shortage of medical supplies.
Tens of thousands have left the country, including a growing number of Venezuelan Jews who have relocated to Israel.
The process is not easy because Israel and Venezuela do not have diplomatic ties. In 2009, following Israel's war with Hamas in Gaza, then-President Hugo Chvez expelled the Israeli ambassador and his staff from Caracas. He aligned himself with the Palestinians, recognizing their right to statehood later that year, and developed relations with Iran, Israel's nemesis.
Official Israeli government figures show that 111 Venezuelan Jews made “aliyah,” the Hebrew term for immigration meaning “ascending,” to Israel in 2015, more than double the number who arrived in 2012.
And although final figures for 2016 are not in, the International Fellowship of Christians and Jews, a charity that works to bring Jews from distressed places to Israel, said it had helped about 90 people immigrate.
Between 6,000 and 9,000 Jews remain in the country of 30 million.
Organizations working to help Jews leave Venezuela, including the Jewish Agency for Israel, said they prefer not to talk about the process because it could endanger those who remain.
“We work outside of the Jewish community and under the radar, gathering information by word-of-mouth about Jews who are interested in moving to Israel,” said an employee of the International Fellowship of Christians and Jews, speaking on the condition of anonymity because she shuttles between Israel and Venezuela on a regular basis.
She said that in the past, Venezuelan Jews opted to move to the United States or Panama but that those places are too expensive because the economic crisis has devalued their property and other assets.
“Israel is really the only option for them,” she said.
Jews moving to Israel are entitled to a basket of benefits offered by the state, including greatly subsidized health care, free schooling, and discounts on apartment rentals and other goods.
Anti-Semitism was widespread under Chavez and has continued since his death in 2013. Jewish groups estimate that about 20 percent of the 22,000 Jews who lived in the country when Chvez came to power have left.
Last year, the U.S.-based Anti-Defamation League condemned a magazine for using anti-Semitic imagery on its cover that suggested the country's economic problems were brought on by wealthy people of “Israelite origin.”
“For several years we have seen anti-Semitic accusations and themes appear in Venezuelan public discourse,” said Jonathan A. Greenblatt, chief executive of the ADL, responding to the magazine's cover this past August. “This shockingly graphic manifestation of anti-Semitic imagery on full display on Venezuelan newsstands is unacceptable and repulsive.”
Oritz, who grew up and emigrated from the city of San Cristobal, not far from the border with Colombia, said his family was victimized in a violent robbery just over a year ago. A band of armed men broke into his home, tied up the family and threatened to kill them if they fought back. They proceeded to take everything his family owned, including their car. Nothing was retrieved, and no one has been arrested for the crime.
It was a harrowing experience, he said, one that he thinks brought on his mother's death a few months later. The attack pushed him to find a way out of the country and make his way to Israel.
Oritz had been to Israel – he immigrated in 2006 only to discover that his mother was sick, forcing him to return home. Over the years, he said, he yearned to move back. Now, the situation in Venezuela is so bad that he had no choice, he said.
Once he is set up, he will bring his father, sister and his girlfriend, and their 5-year-old daughter.
For Reisy Abramof, who also is Jewish and arrived in Israel on the same flight as Oritz, the political situation in Venezuela is surprising and alarming.
“It is very sad to see people queuing up for food and others dying in hospitals because there is no medicine,” said Abramof, who is from Venezuela's third-largest city, Valencia.
Her family could afford to buy goods on the black market at inflated prices.
But Abramof, 29, who spent five years at college in the United States, said there is no future for young people in Venezuela.
“I feel hopeful in Israel; it's a country filled with social innovation and opportunities,” she said. “I have already had a few job interviews, and now I need to learn the language.”
Nominees for the 75th annual Golden Globe Awards, announced Thursday in Beverly Hills, California, by the Hollywood Foreign Press Association:
MOTION PICTURES
——Picture, Drama: "Call Me By Your Name," ''Dunkirk," ''The Post," The Shape of Water" and "Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri."
—Picture, Musical or Comedy: "The Disaster Artist," ''Get Out," ''The Greatest Showman," ''Lady Bird" and "I, Tonya."
—Director: Guillermo Del Toro, "The Shape of Water," Martin McDonagh, "Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri," Christopher Nolan, "Dunkirk," Ridley Scott, "All the Money in the World," Steven Spielberg, "The Post."
—— Actress, Drama: Jessica Chastain, "Molly's Game," Sally Hawkins, "The Shape of Water," France McDormand, "Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missiouri," Meryl Streep, "The Post," ''Michelle Williams, "All the Money in the World."
——Actor, Drama: Timothee Chalamet, "Call Me by Your Name," Daniel Day-Lewis, "Phantom Thread," Tom Hanks, "The Post," Gary Oldman, "Darkest Hour."
—Actress, Musical or Comedy: Judi Dench, "Victoria & Abdul," Helen Mirren, "The Leisure Seeker," Margot Robbie, "I, Tonya," Saoirse Ronan, "Lady Bird," Emma Stone," Battle of the Sexes."
—Actor, Musical or Comedy: Steve Carell, "Battle of the Sexes," Ansel Elgort, "Baby Driver," James Franco, "The Disaster Artist," Hugh Jackman, "The Greatest Showman," Daniel Kaluuya, "Get Out."
—Foreign Language: "Fantastic Woman," ''First They Killed My Father," "In the Fade," ''Loveless" and "The Square."
—Animated Film: "The Boss Baby," ''The Breadwinner," ''Coco," ''Ferdinand," ''Loving Vincent."
—Supporting Actress: Mary J. Blige, "Mudbound," Hong Chau, "Downsizing," Allison Janney, "I, Tonya," Laurie Metcalf, "Lady Bird," ''Octavia Spencer, "The Shape of Water."
—Supporting Actor: Willem Dafoe, "The Florida Project," Armie Hammer, "Call Me by Your Name," Richard Jenkins, "The Shape of Water," Christopher Plummer, "All the Money in the World," Sam Rockwell, "Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri."
TELEVISION
—Series, Drama: "The Crown," ''The Handmaid's Tale," ''This Is Us," ''Stranger Things" and "Game of Thrones."
—Series, Musical or Comedy: "black-ish," ''The Marvelous Mrs. Maisel," ''Master of None," ''Smilf" and "Will & Grace."
—Movie or Limited Series: "Big Little Lies," ''Fargo," ''Feud: Bette and Joan," ''The Sinner" and "Top of the Lake: China Girl."
—Actor, Movie or Limited Series: Robert De Niro, "The Wizard of Lies." Jude Law, "The Young Pope," Kyle MacLachlan, "Twin Peaks," Ewan McGregor, "Fargo," Geoffrey Rush, "Genius,"
—Actress, Musical or Comedy: Pamela Adlon, "Better Things"; Alison Brie, "Glow"; Rachel Brosnahan, "The Marvelous Mrs. Maisel"; Issa Rae, "Insecure" and Frankie Shaw, "Smilf."
—Actor, Movie or Limited Series: Anthony Anderson, "black-ish"; Aziz Ansari, "Master of None"; Kevin Bacon, "I Love Dick"; William H. Macy, "Shameless" and Eric McCormack, "Will & Grace."
Special Counsel Robert Mueller's office has rebuffed two attempts by former Trump campaign chairman Paul Manafort to argue that evidence seized last summer by FBI agents from his home and nearby storage locker was unlawfully obtained.
Interested in Russia Investigation? Add Russia Investigation as an interest to stay up to date on the latest Russia Investigation news, video, and analysis from ABC News. Add Interest
In a filing late Monday night, Mueller's team rejected Manafort's claims that search warrants used to raid his home were “unconstitutionally overbroad,” arguing that evidence seized during both searches should, in fact, be permissible for use in an upcoming trial against Manafort.
In May, initial access to the storage locker was gained after an employee of Manafort's, who was listed as the occupant of the lease, willingly allowed investigators to enter the unit. Prosecutors obtained a warrant the next day.
Then in July, federal agents executed a search warrant and seized documents and records from Manafort's home during an early morning raid when they awoke a sleeping Manafort and his wife by knocking on their bedroom door.
Manafort was listed as one of the people allowed to access the unit, alongside former campaign-aide Rick Gates and the unnamed Manafort employee.
Gates pleaded guilty to two felony charges in February and admitted to helping Manafort syphon millions of dollars into overseas accounts. As part of his deal, Gates is now cooperating with the Mueller probe.
Alex Brandon/AP
Among other pieces of evidence seized during the searches of Manafort's home and storage locker were digital materials from iPods and iPads, receipts, documents and several binders from a box labeled “Ukraine Binders”, according to the court filing.
Manafort's dealings with Ukraine and Ukrainian business associates have served as the basis for many of the charges leveled against him, including tax fraud, money laundering, failing to register as a foreign agent and conspiring against the United States. Prosecutors have alleged that Manafort was acting as a lobbyist for the government in Ukraine without registering to do such work.
Manafort is the most senior Trump campaign adviser to face charges from the special prosecutor, though none of the charges brought against Manafort have been linked directly to his time with the Trump campaign.
In court last week Manafort's team argued that charges related to his political dealings in Ukraine are beyond Mueller's mandate.
But federal prosecutors argued that Manafort's Ukrainian business ties fall within the special counsel's purview, as he could have used those ties as a “back-channel” to contacts in Russia.
Charles Dharapak/AP, FILE
Despite Gates' guilty plea, Manafort has maintained his innocence in the special counsel's probe, which includes cases in federal courts in DC as well as in Virginia, where Manafort faces another 18-count indictment.
Manafort remains under house arrest, wearing two ankle braclets, while his legal team continues to negotiate collateral on his $10 million dollar bail. The courts have rejected the use of several of Manafort's properties largely because some of the charges against him involve bank fraud related to a mortgage on one of his properties.
Manafort will next appear in federal court in Virginia on Friday, May 4.
PHILADELPHIA (AP) — Philadelphia police think they've found something better than Crisco to keep Philadelphia fans from climbing light poles if the Eagles win the Super Bowl.
But they are keeping their playbook secret.
A contingent of workers who jokingly called themselves the "Crisco Cops" applied shortening to light poles before the NFC championship game, but it failed to stop some fans after the Eagles victory.
Asked Tuesday whether police have found something slicker, Commissioner Richard Ross said, "We think so."
He promised that whatever police do, "it will be safe ... but it will be effective." He says climbing poles this Sunday "will be far more difficult" than when they used a vegetable oil product, which weather can affect.
Ross says police are working to assure the safety of fans "as well as the people who they could fall down on."
North Korea said Tuesday that its military presented leader Kim Jong-un with plans to launch intermediate-range missiles into waters near Guam and "wring the windpipes of the Yankees" by creating "enveloping fire" near the key U.S. military hub in the Pacific.
The comments, while typically belligerent, are significant because they also appeared to signal a path to defuse a deepening crisis with Washington over a weapons program that is seen as nearing the ability to accurately send a nuclear missile to the U.S. mainland.
During an inspection of the army's Strategic Forces, which handles the missile program, Kim praised the military for drawing up a "close and careful plan" and said he would watch the "foolish and stupid conduct of the Yankees" a little more before deciding whether to order the missile test, the North's state-run Korean Central News Agency said. Kim appeared in photos sitting at a table with a large map marked by a straight line between what appeared to be northeastern North Korea and Guam, and passing over Japan — apparently showing the missiles' flight route.
The missile plans were previously announced, and Kim said North Korea would conduct the launches if the "Yankees persist in their extremely dangerous reckless actions on the Korean Peninsula and its vicinity" and that the United States should "think reasonably and judge properly" to avoid shaming itself, the news agency said.
Lobbing missiles toward Guam would be a deeply provocative act from the U.S. perspective, and a miscalculation on either side could lead to a military clash. U.S. Defense Secretary Jim Mattis said the United Sates would take out any such missile seen to be heading for American soil and declared any such North Korean attack could mean war.
Kim's comments, however, with their conditional tone, seemed to hold out the possibility that friction could ease if the United States made some sort of gesture that Pyongyang considered a move to back away from previous "extremely dangerous reckless actions." This might be difficult as the United States and its ally South Korea plan next week to start annual defensive military drills that the North claims are preparation for invasion.
On Monday, the chairman of the U.S. Joint Chiefs of Staff met with senior South Korean military and political officials and the local media. Marine Corps Gen. Joseph Dunford also made comments that appeared to be an attempt to ease anxiety over tit-for-tat threats between President Donald Trump and North Korea while also showing a willingness to back up Trump's warnings if need be.
Dunford said the United States wants to peacefully resolve tensions with North Korea. But Washington is also ready to use the "full range" of its military capabilities in case of provocation, Dunford said.
Dunford is visiting South Korea, Japan and China after a week in which Trump declared the U.S. military "locked and loaded" and said he was ready to unleash "fire and fury" if North Korea continued to threaten the United States.
The Korean People's Army's Strategic Forces said last week that it would finalize and send to Kim for approval the plan to fire four ballistic missiles near Guam, which is about 3,200 kilometers (2,000 miles) from Pyongyang.
The plans are based on the Hwasong-12, a new missile the country successfully flight-tested for the first time in May. The liquid-fuel missile is designed to be fired from road mobile launchers and has been previously described by North Korea as built for attacking Alaska and Hawaii.
The North followed the May launch with two flight tests of its Hwasong-14 ICBM last month. Analysts said that a wide swath of the continental United States, including Los Angeles and Chicago, could be within reach of those missiles, once they're perfected.
The North's latest report said Kim ordered his military to be prepared to launch the missiles toward Guam at any time. If the "planned fire of power demonstration" is carried out because of U.S. recklessness, Kim said it will be "the most delightful historic moment when the Hwasong artillerymen will wring the windpipes of the Yankees and point daggers at their necks," the North reported.
North Korea is angry about new United Nations sanctions over its expanding nuclear weapons and missile program and the upcoming military drills between Washington and Seoul.
Kim said that the United States must "make a proper option first and show it through action, as it committed provocations after introducing huge nuclear strategic equipment into the vicinity of the peninsula" and that it "should stop at once arrogant provocations" against North Korea, state media said.
South Korean President Moon Jae-in on Monday called for a peaceful solution to the nuclear standoff, saying that "there must not be another war on the Korean Peninsula," according to his office.
In a meeting with top aides at the presidential Blue House, Moon said South Korea would work to safeguard peace on the peninsula in cooperation with the United States and other countries. Moon said North Korea must stop issuing menacing statements and provocations.
———
AP writers Hyung-jin Kim in Seoul and Bob Burns in Washington contributed to this report.
Miss Placentia Cheyenne Kotick and Miss Yorba Linda Shannon Galipault aren't new to wearing a crown.
The two were crowned Saturday night, chosen from a field of nine hopefuls.
Kotick was first Miss Yorba Linda in 2015. The Cal State Fullerton student lives in Yorba Linda.
Galipault lives in Placentia and is a recent graduate of Cal State Long Beach. She reigned in 2013 as Miss Placentia Outstanding Teen and in 2015 was Miss Garden Grove.
“It was just a good night,” said Kotick, 19, who performed a lyrical routine to Sam Tsui's rendition of “Try.” “I had a lot of fun and I guess it showed on stage.”
Kotick received $2,100 in scholarships.
“It was so cool to hear her name called,” Galipault said about her good friend, Kotick. “When my name was called, I let out a big scream because I was so excited.”
Galipault, 21, performed a color guard routine to “Proud Mary” by Tina Turner and received the Service for a Cause Award for her platform, “All Sizes Fit One,” which focuses on empowering women to feel beautiful. She secured $2,400 in scholarships.
Both pageant winners will go on to compete in the Miss California pageant in the summer. The winner represents California in September's Miss America pageant.
This year, three outstanding teen winners were named on Sunday.
Sophie Strobel, 16, was chosen as Miss Placentia Outstanding Teen and Meghan Wang, 16, took home the Yorba Linda title. They each received $500 scholarships. Colby Bladow, 14, took the new title of Miss Yorba Hills. She received a $250 scholarship.
The Miss Outstanding Teen winners will also go on to compete at the state level.
In all, the pageant awarded $8,000 in scholarships, and each of the contestants went home with some scholarship money, Executive Director Richelle Butcher said.
More than 350 people attended Saturday's Miss pageant and a slightly larger crowd attended Sunday's Outstanding Teen pageant, both held in the newly renovated auditorium at Valencia High School.
“It was a very competitive competition among these young ladies, so it made it even a better show because these young women are so talented,” Associate Executive Director Jeffrey Gerhardt said. “All around it was just a great show.”
Contact the writer: 714-796-7868 or desalazar@scng.com
The leaders of Amazon.com, Berkshire Hathaway and JPMorgan announced the ambitious goal of improving health care coverage all of their employees. They say they are forming a new company that will be "free from profit-making incentives and constraints" and hint its results might be applied on a broader scale. But the campaign is in its early planning stages.
Here is some of what we know, and don't know, about the plan and about the health care crisis in the United States.
WHERE TO BEGIN
When Jeff Bezos, Warren Buffet and JPMorgan's Jamie Dimon say they want to improve health care for potentially millions in the U.S., among the first questions will be: Where to start? Lower the cost of research? Increase transparency about pricing? Create a large pool of customers to increase negotiation power? Cut out middleman, such as pharmacy benefits managers, to lower costs? Lobby for new legislation to overhaul the industry? All of the above?
WHEN AND HOW FAR
All that we know is that the company is in the "early planning stages." The crisis facing Americans is here and now. In the past five years, premiums for family insurance plans arranged by employers are up 19 percent, according to a recent study by the Kaiser Family Foundation and the Health Research & Education Trust.
EMPLOYEES
The initial goal is to improve health care at Amazon.com, Berkshire Hathaway, and JPMorgan Chase & Co. The companies have an estimated 1 million workers in the U.S., combined. It is not known how many dependents rely on the companies for health care coverage. JPMorgan said previously that it spent $1.25 billion on medical benefits in 2017 for 300,000 U.S. employees and family members.
U.S. COMPANIES, LARGE AND SMALL, FACE A CRISIS IN COSTS
U.S. health care spending grew 4.3 percent in 2016, according to the Department of Health. That's $3.3 trillion, or $10,348 per person. Spending on health care accounts for a staggering 17.9 percent of the nation's gross domestic product.
Spending on health care is expected to outpace GDP growth for at least the next decade. There are no longer-range forecasts that would suggest that trend will reverse itself.
AN INDUSTRY RIPE FOR DISRUPTION
The announcement by Amazon, Berkshire Hathaway and JP Morgan erased billions in stock market capitalization from companies in the health care industry in seconds, potentially a knee-jerk reaction on Wall Street to the arrival three known innovators in finance and technology: Berkshire's Buffett, Amazon co-founder Bezos, and Dimon of JPMorgan.
Health insurance giant UnitedHealth Group Inc. was off more than 4 percent Tuesday. Other insurers, including MetLife Inc., Anthem Inc., Cigna Inc., and Aetna Inc. also experienced share declines.
The average household in Niagara Falls will see their property taxes increase by $55.15 this year, or 1.79 per cent.
That's below the rate of inflation, said city finance director Todd Harrison.
He said the city's net levy increase is 0.97 per cent, “the lowest we've had in this term of council” and the third lowest in a decade.
“I'm impressed with this budget,” said Mayor Jim Diodati.
“It does a bit of everything.”
On Tuesday evening, staff presented a revised 2017 operating budget that included $401,000 in cuts to the initial draft budget presented to council Jan. 24.
Council approved the revised budget.
Cuts were made to employee benefits ($120,000), fuel in the transit department ($102,000) and the realignment of storm sewer costs to the utility budget ($179,000).
Politicians approved $130,644,092 in operating expenses, $615,800 more than expected revenues this year.
When council got its first look at the preliminary operating budget, expenses were proposed to be $131,045,092, $1,016,800 more than projected revenues.
Harrison said staff went back and made some reductions to bring the budget difference, and the tax increase, down.
He said the operating budget maintains core service levels.
It also includes enhanced services tied to council's strategic priorities for culture, cemeteries, preventative maintenance, transit and parks/streets maintenance.
Harrison said the city continues to see a decline in its debt.
In 2014, the debt was $62.4 million. By 2018, the debt is expected to sit at $49.9 million.
He said the city's debt to own source revenue is around five per cent, one of the lowest in Ontario. The provincial limit is 25 per cent.
A significant hike in operating spending this year is proposed for transportation services.
Transit services staff propose moving toward hour-peak service on all conventional routes; eliminating the Wego purple line; adjusting peak-hour service level on the Wego blue line; elimination of bidirectional transfers; establishing a customer-service hub at Dorchester Road/Morrison Street; conventional service-fare adjustment and establishing external lunch facilities at various locations; and extra Sunday service hours to the Chair-A-Van specialized service based on demand.
Staff said implementing phase three of the city's transit improvement plan will provide morning and afternoon peak half-hour service to four additional daytime routes.
That would bring the number of routes having peak-hour service to eight (53 per cent).
Following this implementation, there will be two phases remaining to provide 100 per cent daytime peak-hour service system wide.
Plans beyond phase five will be implemented based on ridership, according to staff.
rspiteri@postmedia.com
Follow @RaySpiteri
INDIANAPOLIS (AP) — Victor Oladipo sparked a decisive run and finished with 20 points, Myles Turner had 21 points and the Indiana Pacers recovered from a poor start for a 110-100 victory over the Los Angeles Lakers on Monday night.
The victory snapped Indiana's two-game losing streak.
Los Angeles was led by Kyle Kuzma with 27 points and Brook Lopez with 23, but the Lakers still lost their third straight.
Oladipo and Darren Collison got Indiana going with back-to-back 3-pointers midway through the third quarter for a 77-70 lead. After a layup from Julius Randle, Collison made a 20-footer and Lance Stephenson hit a 10-footer. When the 14-4 flurry ended, Indiana led 85-74 with 3:04 left in the third.
The Lakers never seriously challenged after that.
It was a stark contrast to the Lakers' fast start. Efficient shooting helped them take a 28-19 lead in the first quarter, but when the shooters cooled off, the Pacers charged back and used a 15-6 second-quarter run to make it 51-50 late in the period.
The Pacers still trailed 59-57 at the half — before Oladipo helped flip things in the second half.
TIP-INS
Lakers: Have lost five straight at Indiana but wound up with a split in the season series. ... Kuzma was 3 of 10 on 3s, extending the franchise record for a rookie to 135. He also had eight rebounds. ... The Lakers lead the league with 52.7 points in the paint per game but only managed to match the Pacers 46-46 in that category. ... Randle finished with 21 points and nine rebounds. ... Lonzo Ball had eight assists.
Pacers: After giving up 37 points in the first quarter, Indiana allowed only 63 the rest of the game. ... Collison made his first start since having foot surgery. ... Backup center Domantas Sabonis missed his third straight game with a sprained left ankle and will miss the Pacers next game as well, coach Nate McMillan said before the game. ... Oladipo extended his streak of consecutive games with a steal to 54, breaking a tie with Ron Harper for No. 8 in league history. ... Thaddeus Young had 18 points, nine rebounds and four assists while Stephenson had 16 points and five rebounds.
UP NEXT
Lakers: Visit New Orleans on Thursday night, the second stop on a five-game road trip.
Pacers: Will try to earn a series split at New Orleans on Wednesday night.
___
More NBA basketball: https://apnews.com/tag/NBAbasketball
As readers nurse their hangovers this morning – yes, that really did happen – spare a thought for the lefties of Twitter who were supporting Colombia. Top Corbynista Ellie Mae O'Hagan, who to be fair is Welsh, was not a fan of yesterday's Sun front page and accordingly called for England to be “thrashed”:
So seriously, fuck headlines like this. And vamos Colombia esta noche; I hope England get thrashed. pic.twitter.com/OF1jWWIlab — Ellie Mae O'Hagan (@MissEllieMae) July 3, 2018
Kevin Maguire sent this premature tweet when it looked like it might not be coming home:
That sound is Germany laughing at English fans who laughed at Germany going out. They do have a word for schadenfreude #EngCol — Kevin Maguire (@Kevin_Maguire) July 3, 2018
Guardian writer and fellow Welshwoman Dawn Foster, who is supporting England's quarter final opponents Sweden, spent the evening at a Sinn Fein event and gave her backing to the Colombian fans:
Meanwhile the New Statesman published a piece by Rachel Cockerell, who “spent three months in Colombia last year”, headlined: “I hope England lose tonight”.
Sorry Ellie Mae, Dawn, Kev, Rachel, your boys took one hell of a beating…
It all started with a tweet.
"BREAKING," conspiracy theorist and radio personality Alex Jones tweeted this past Sunday. "Democrats Plan To Launch Civil War On July 4th."
BREAKING: Democrats Plan To Launch Civil War On July 4th https://t.co/38AWiUFaag — Alex Jones (@RealAlexJones) July 1, 2018
The "Infowars" host announced that Democrats, in alliance with anti-fascist protesters and billionaire philanthropist and liberal donor George Soros, had been planning to overthrow President Donald Trump since his 2016 presidential election.
"This is it," Jones warned in a livestream that logged nearly three-quarters of a million views. "The globalists see July 4th as their new D-Day against us, and a lot of stuff is going to start then."
Jones claimed to have seen recent indicators that the alleged effort was coming to a head around Independence Day, though he gave no specific reason that a "civil war" or any other potential actions would initiate on the Fourth of July.
The radio personality has a history of incendiary and false rhetoric. In 2016, Jones helped promulgate the fictitious "Pizzagate" conspiracy theory -- which falsely alleged that a child sexual assault ring was being run by figures tied to the Democratic party. He later apologized.
He is also being sued by families of the Sandy Hook shooting victims after calling the massacre fake.
But social media users see mostly humor in his latest broadside. The hashtags #secondcivilwar and #secondcivilwarletters, comprised of mostly mockery of Jones' warning, have generated nearly 400,000 tweets, according to analytics company Spredfast. The hashtags have rapidly increased in frequency in the 24 hours leading up to Wednesday's holiday.
Some users made fun of the gap between Jones' martial rhetoric and stereotypes of liberals as coastal elites who enjoy high-end coffee drinks and electric cars, while others, including model Chrissy Teigen, joked about the difficulty of coordinating the mass effort.
I have to go to Ralph's then need to shower but I can shower after the war I guess — christine teigen (@chrissyteigen) July 4, 2018
Sorry. I can't participate in the #SecondCivilWar tomorrow. I have bone spurs. But I can throw paper towels out of a moving vehicle if anyone needs me. — JEN KIRKMAN (@JenKirkman) July 3, 2018
Legit #SecondCivilWar question: Do I bring my own chilled La Croix, or is it provided? — sara field (@sadiefield) July 4, 2018
Who schedules the #SecondCivilWar on a Wednesday? — Abraxsys (@Abraxsys) July 4, 2018
Is this #SecondCivilWar happening on east coast or west coast time? Also, I feel fat in my fatigues. — andy lassner (@andylassner) July 4, 2018
I've had ZERO luck finding a tank for tomorrow like my Sgt. instructed. I did however find a Hyundai Santa Fe with a third row so I can take some extra troops with me if I take out the booster seat. #secondcivilwar — DI$ARM the NRA (@Trumpalump) July 3, 2018
The #SecondCivilWar has started! I've gathered up supplies for today's battle. ???????? pic.twitter.com/hCEKA8ZmXI — Amy Siskind (@Amy_Siskind) July 4, 2018
When the #SecondCivilWar kicks off soon, liberals will get the jump on the Trumpers because we will be fully caffeinated and they broke their Keurig machines. — Adam Best (@adamcbest) July 4, 2018
Day 1 of #SecondCivilWar. I have prepared 10 pounds of potato salad. Concerned the popsicles may melt as we march, tho. — Joyce Alene (@JoyceWhiteVance) July 4, 2018
While liberals online were having a lot of fun with the hashtag, it wasn't just them partaking. Self-proclaimed Trump supporters also joked about a second civil war, which they claimed Democrats would quickly lose.
There is going to be no #SecondCivilWar tomorrow.
If there was, it would be over in 30 minutes.
Conservatives have all the guns!!
??????????????
Rest easy liberals. Unlike you, we are actually gentlemen. We will just beat your butts at the ballot box...again. Happy 4th! #MAGA — Michael Nöthem (@mikandynothem) July 4, 2018
Social media users also jokingly imagined letters home from the battle. Comedian Patton Oswalt and even former Office of Government Ethics head Walter Shaub got in on the #secondcivilwarletters hashtag.
Dear Jeb,
Our depleted ranks grew when a yankee, one Mr. Dershowitz, was shunned from the evening's repast and defected to our side. Alas, he will surely starve before deigning to partake of our crackers dressed with cheese from the aerosol spray can. #secondcivilwarletters — Walter Shaub (@waltshaub) July 4, 2018
My beloved Harriet — I write to you with a heavy heart. I was gravely memed during a skirmish with a squad of Incel Irregulars. Doc Tibbens says there's nothing for it — he will have to amputate my Twitter feed. Womp womp — Jed. #SecondCivilWarLetters — Patton Oswalt (@pattonoswalt) July 3, 2018
My dearest,
Today I fear we will engage the enemy. We drank our morning half-caf lattes with grim determination. The Hipster Battalion has waxed its moustaches, for they will be in the vanguard. If I do not return, find another with whom to Netflix & chill. #secondcivilwarletters — Josh Chafetz (@joshchafetz) July 4, 2018
Dear Hillary, I regret to inform you that my journey to join you and Maxine at Jade Helm II is delayed. Upon reaching the Beltway I found my wife had removed the EZ-Pass transponder from the Prius and I must now await expiration of the HOV restrictions.#SecondCivilWarLetters — Col. Morris Davis (@ColMorrisDavis) July 4, 2018
Dearest, I hope this finds you as I am at 4% battery life. I have been captured and I am at a Trump Rally. It is a sight. 1000 people and 65 teeth. I hope I survive. Love, Me #secondcivilwar — Tony Posnanski (@tonyposnanski) July 3, 2018
Dear Mrs. Dershowitz — I regret to inform you that your husband has been gravely wounded during the battle of Martha's Vineyard, overtaken by a fierce volley of social disinvitations. We fear that his ego shall remain desperately fragile. #secondcivilwarletters #SecondCivilWar — ??????? ? ????n? (@Dofang) July 3, 2018
I pulled on my yoga pants, stopped at Starbucks for a skinny latte and grabbed my iPhone and a portable battery. I worried I wouldn't go to the right battleground but luckily it was location tagged on Facebook. I knew I could postmate avocado toast for lunch. #SecondCivilWar — Molly Jong-Fast (@MollyJongFast) July 4, 2018
Dear Ma, In preparing for tomorrow's battle, we spent the day using Hillary's emails to build our fortress. There is no doubt now that we will be victorious as no one can seem to get over them. Now we covfefe till morning. Happy Second Civil War Eve!#secondcivilwarletters — Be Best Bowling Green Victim (@TeamGulley) July 4, 2018
Meanwhile, a few predicted that the real division of Jones' warning would be resolved not in any Fourth of July junta, but at the ballot box on November:
NORTH ROYALTON, Ohio (AP) — Authorities in Ohio say a man charged in the deaths of five people in two cities is set for a hearing on the latest charges.
Police say 45-year-old George Brinkman Jr. will be in Parma Municipal Court Thursday. He was charged Wednesday with aggravated murder, kidnapping and tampering with evidence in the deaths of 45-year-old Suzanne Taylor and her daughters, 21-year-old Taylor Pifer and 18-year-old Kylie Pifer. Their bodies were found Sunday in their North Royalton home. Police haven't said how they died.
Brinkman was charged Tuesday with murder in the slayings of his employers, 71-year-old Rogell Eugene John and 64-year-old Roberta Ray John. Their bodies were found Monday in their North Canton home. Authorities say they apparently were shot.
It couldn't be determined immediately if Brinkman has an attorney.
MOSCOW (AP) — Vladimir Putin says he hopes Russia can soon leave behind years of doping scandals.
With 168 Russians due to compete at next month's Pyeongchang Olympics under a neutral flag as punishment for past doping offenses, Putin says the games could mark the end of the country's doping problems.
At an election campaign event, the Russian president says "I hope that this page will be turned."
Putin also called on Russian athletes to obey International Olympic Committee rules at the Pyeongchang Games. The IOC has required Russians to compete in uniforms without national symbols and bars them from gestures like taking a national flag from spectators to celebrate.
Putin says "I call on all our athletes to follow all the rules that the International Olympic Committee suggests."
Joey Badass, who's got a busy summer ahead of him as he kicks off his Amerikkkana Tour alongside Compton rappers Buddy and Boogie, has announced the date of the 4th annual Steez Day Music Festival at Central Park's Summerstage in New York City featuring Joey himself along with his crew Pro Era, as well as fellow Beast Coast crew members Flatbush Zombies and The Underachievers, and affiliated Brooklyn MC Stro.
Steez Day Festival is just one festival that has been started in honor of a fallen up-and-coming rap luminary by his surviving crew mates, with ASAP Mob following in Pro Era's footsteps with their own Yams Day. Unfortunately, the 2017 Yams Day Festival was shut down due to attendees brawling.
Hopefully, Steez Day won't be marred by bellicose fans, as it's meant to be a celebration of the life of Pro Era and Beast Coast member Capital Steez, who committed suicide on Christmas Eve in 2012, sending shockwaves through New York's then-burgeoning next-wave underground rap scene. It was Steez who initially coined the name for the extended crew including The Underachievers and Flatbush Zombies, and was known for his precocious, socially conscious lyrics.
Unfortunately, Steez wasn't around to witness the eventual success of his crew members, as Joey's album All-Amerikkkan Badass rewrote the book on throwback, lyrical rap and Flatbush Zombies' new album Vacation In Hell constituted a rip-roaring comeback for a crew that had been relatively quiet for a few years.
The 4th annual Steez Day 2018 will take over Central Park July 8. Tickets will be available this Friday, April 27.
EMBED >More News Videos Nearly 200,000 people are still under mandatory evacuation orders Monday night over fear the Oroville Dam emergency spillway could fail.
Residents were returning home after officials lifted evacuation orders near the Oroville Dam Tuesday afternoon.Water officials say they've drained enough of the lake behind the dam so the emergency spillway would not be needed.That spillway has also been fortified against future erosion. Still, officials say they're remaining vigilant."Absolutely constant assessment and reassessment to make sure we're aware and prepared for any potential changes,"The region, north of Sacramento remains under an evacuation warning in the event the situation changes.Residents of those evacuated areas began heading for home as soon as they heard the order had been lifted."It's so good to be back," Jenel Wilson said.Wilson and her family were among the first to arrive back home in Oroville after the mandatory evacuation order was lifted."It's just been a roller coaster," Oroville resident Jolene Wilson said.The extended family of seven and their dogs had stayed in a hotel for two nights, and were trying to find a longer-term solution at the evacuation center in Chico when they learned the order was about to be lifted.So, they packed up and headed out, driving south from the evacuation center trying to get on the road ahead of the crowd.As they arrived home the many cats that live in their mobile home park were there to greet them and enjoy a long-awaited meal.Back at the Silver Dollar Fairgrounds in Chico, hundreds of people had been trying to make the best of a difficult situation.Many locals were there too, doing their best to make the evacuees feel comfortable and welcome, including Mary Clegg who stopped by to hand out valentines to all the children."They need to know they're loved," Clegg said.
By Abby Hassler
Officials unsealed court documents Monday (April 17) to reveal details surrounding the first searches of Prince's Paisley Park estate following his untimely death.
Related: Prince's Ex-Wife Mayte Garcia Says Memoir is not a Tell-All
The unsealed search warrants don't confirm the source of the drug, fentanyl, that led to the 57-year-old singer's accidental, self-administered overdose last April, according to The Star Tribune.
Investigators found no prescriptions in Prince's name, however, Dr. Michael Todd Schulenberg told detectives he had written a prescription for oxycodone, which is also an opioid, under the name of long-time Prince associate and drummer Kirk Johnson.
Between April 21 and Sept. 19, 2016, Carver County authorities conducted investigations into Prince's death with a total of 11 search warrants.
Image: iStock/bernardbodo
In early 2018, I received an email from a TechRepublic member asking me to revise and update an article I wrote back in 2012. In Add Google Docs to the Windows 7 New menu (revised), I showed how to add various links to Google Docs to the New section of the Windows 7 context menu. It was a complicated hack of the Windows Registry and not something anyone should undertake lightly.
Since receiving that email, we have been exploring other options users can take to add easy access to Google Docs to Microsoft Windows 10. The simplest and most efficient way is to add links to the Chrome jump list located on the Taskbar as explained in How to create new Google Docs using jump lists in the Microsoft Windows 10 taskbar.
SEE: Comparison chart: Enterprise collaboration tools (Tech Pro Research)
However, despite showing you an easier way, and despite the warnings, some of you will still want to use the method that involves hacking the Windows 10 Registry file. Here are the steps you can take to add links to the Windows context menu (Figure A) that will allow you to start a new Google Doc, Spreadsheet, Presentation, or Drawing.
Figure A
WARNING! This technique involves the edit of the Windows 10 Registry file. The Registry is vital to the operation of the Windows operating system. A corrupted Registry could render Windows inoperable and require a complete re-installation to repair. Backup the Registry and create a System Restore point before you attempt this technique.
SEE: Windows 10 power tips: Secret shortcuts to your favorite settings (Tech Pro Research)
Editing the Registry
The total amount of editing to be done to the Windows Registry with this technique is too great and too rife with the possibility of error to list in this article. Instead, to simplify the process, I have created a downloadable file that you can use to do the edit for you. Click the link below to download the file and then extract its contents into an empty folder.
AddGoogleDocsToNewMenu.zip
The file was originally created by HowToGeek for Windows 7 but has been modified to reflect changes made by Google over the years. That is the other major drawback of this technique, besides editing the Windows Registry, Google could change the links to create new documents at any time, which would break this hack and require another revision.
Figure B
The folder with the extracted files should look like Figure B. Copy the four icon files to the Windows folder so the system can find them. Next, run the AddGoogleDocsToNewMenu.reg file by double-clicking it. The system will warn you about editing the Registry file, click OK and let the edit take place.
It may take a few seconds for the change to finish processing, but the next time you right-click on an empty spot on the Windows Desktop and navigate to the New menu item you should see four new entries, as shown in Figure C.
Figure C
Domain
This edit is specific to the free version of the Google productivity suite. Subscribers often use Google Docs from within a domain structure. In this situation, the AddGoogleDocsToNewMenu.reg file must be changed to reflect the domain. Links to each type of document will have to be modified to look like this:
https://docs.google.com/a/YOURDOMAIN/document/crea...
Right-click on the AddGoogleDocsToNewMenu.reg file and open it with Notepad or some other text editor. Do not just double-click it or select Open—that will just run the file with the wrong links. Change the links of each section to reflect your domain and then save the file.
Revert to normal
If you want to remove the links from the New item list of the Windows context menu, double-click and run the other file located in the download called: UninstallGoogleNewMenu.reg. This file will eliminate the keys created by the other file and revert the New menu back to its default settings.
SEE: How to create new Google Docs using jump lists in the Microsoft Windows 10 taskbar (TechRepublic)
Be careful
This technique should work for any version of Windows 10 and as long as Google maintains the current file reference system. However, it is the more dangerous option. Adding links to the Taskbar makes more sense, particularly in an enterprise environment, where IT departments frown severely on users editing the Windows Registry.
Keep up with Microsoft news, product releases, and feature updates. Subscribe to TechRepublic's Microsoft Weekly Newsletter! Subscribe
Also see:
Your thoughts:
Will you use this technique and edit the Windows Registry, or will you use jump lists and the Taskbar? Share your thoughts and opinions with your peers at TechRepublic in the discussion thread below.
WB
Warner is restructuring their DC films after the huge amount of money Justice League made just wasn't huge enough, but how will the shakeup effect their future slate of films? Perhaps not as much as you might have guessed, based on Warner's panel at Comic Con Experience 2017 in São Paulo, Brazil, on Sunday. We got to see how their current slate compares to the ones released in 2014 and July of this year, and how it also cross-references with movies rumored to be in the works.
Here are the films Warner listed at Sunday's panel, in order mentioned:
Transcript for Michael Cohen's legal team racing to review materials seized in FBI raids
A federal judge here complained that Michael Cohen President Trump's former personal attorney was not moving fast enough to review all of the materials seized. In a raid of his home and office last month she says he and his legal team has. Have to get it done by June 15 they're trying to decide which material are subject to the decline privilege. And which federal prosecutors can use as they try to decide whether Michael Cohen is guilty of the crime. But this hearing was dominated by Michael of an ID the attorney for stormy Daniels one of the women who was accused Donald Trump of having an affair about a decade ago. Haven't -- complain Michael coincide. Was leaking information. Coincide complained of an Audi was self aggrandizing and only. In its crippled this city. In the end the judge reminded of and Heidi that. And really didn't have standing to be intervening in the case she said she can't control what publicity he does outside of court but inside she told him. He is not to use this case as a platform. Aaron pitcher ski ABC news federal court New York.
This transcript has been automatically generated and may not be 100% accurate.
A North Korean school boy looks up from his computer screen at the Sci-Tech Complex during a press tour for foreign journalist who are in Pyongyang to cover the 105th birth anniversary of the late Kim Il Sung, Monday, April 17, 2017, in Pyongyang, North Korea. Tensions have spiked in recent weeks over North Korea's advancing nuclear technology and missile arsenal. But in Pyongyang, where war would mean untold horrors, where neighborhoods could be reduced to rubble and tens of thousands of civilians could be killed, few people seem to care much at all. (AP Photo/Wong Maye-E)
PYONGYANG, North Korea (AP) — The clouds of war, it might seem, are gathering around the Korean Peninsula.
The North Korean government flaunts an increasingly sophisticated arsenal of intercontinental missiles and launches a midrange version, which apparently fails seconds after takeoff. The U.S. moves an immense warship to the waters off the peninsula in a display of military might. President Donald Trump warns he's ready to "solve North Korea," while North Korea's deputy foreign minister says his country will conduct its next nuclear test whenever it sees fit.
And in Pyongyang, where war would mean untold horrors, where neighborhoods could be reduced to rubble and tens of thousands of civilians could be killed, few people seem to care much at all.
On Sunday, the city's zoo was crowded, playgrounds were full of children and families strolled along downtown sidewalks speckled with the falling blossoms of apricot trees. At the city's annual Kimilsungia flower show — held to celebrate Saturday's 105th anniversary of the birth of North Korea's founding ruler, Kim Il Sung, and the purple orchid named for him — thousands crowded around the displays, many using cellphones to take photos of friends and family.
In a country where the propaganda is all-encompassing, and where the same family has held power for three generations, every display mixed bright flowers with reminders of Kim Il Sung or the nation that his grandson, Kim Jong-un, now rules. So there were dioramas of Kim Il Sung's birthplace, photos of him meeting foreign leaders, paintings of new housing developments — and models of missiles.
And there was Chong Ok An, a retiree pushing her way through the crowds with her family.
"We're not afraid," she said. "As long as we have Marshal Kim Jong-un we can win any fight."
Her response reflected the phrasing of North Korean propaganda, as well as the reality that every person here has heard talk of war for decades. The Kim family has entrenched its rule by portraying the country as being relentlessly under siege, leaving its people unable to distinguish between daily hyperbole and the reality of an increasingly tense situation.
The same unending hyperbole has affected South Koreans as well. They have heard North Korean warnings of their destruction for so long that the threats barely even register. While interest in North Korea spikes immediately after a missile launch, within hours internet search traffic is again dominated by TV comedy shows, taxes and real estate.
After the North's weekend birthday celebrations passed with no huge provocations like a nuclear test, people and the media in South Korea were more preoccupied Monday with domestic news such as the start of the official campaigning period for next month's presidential election and a popular singer and actor's wedding plans. Later Monday, South Korean prosecutors were expected to indict former President Park Geun-hye on corruption charges, providing for headline-grabbing news.
___
Associated Press writer Hyung-jin Kim in Seoul, South Korea, contributed to this report.
LAS VEGAS (AP) — The new chairman and CEO of the Motion Picture Association of America says he is optimistic about the movie and theatrical exhibition business.
Rivkin and John Fithian, the president and CEO of the National Association of Theater Owners delivered a state of the industry speech Tuesday morning at the annual CinemaCon convention in Las Vegas addressing concerns like waning audiences and increased competition from streaming.
Both stressed that there are ups and downs every year and that theaters will continue to survive.
CinemaCon is an annual gathering of theater owners and exhibitors, during which they get a look upcoming films from major Hollywood studios and a preview of some of the latest and greatest in theatrical technologies and even concession options.
Greg Palast exposes the GOP's suppression of the vote in this investigative documentary! Donate to order this gift now!
by Sandra Schulz, Contributing Writer
Happy Holidays to everyone! On the drift this December, we had some very rough days out there with high seas but for those brave enough to venture out with us, it proved rewarding for them! We caught some decent sized mahi–mahi on the east wind as well as some nice sized kingfish. For the mahi-mahi, the average was around 10-14 lbs. and just about the same for the king mackerel, although there were a few larger. When conditions were favorable, we went out in deeper waters for the vermilion snapper. This particular species takes a little more work to catch than your other snappers, for you have to use a heavier weight, (generally around an 8 oz. bank). Generally, they are in about 180 to 240 feet, and you must keep the rig on the bottom. Reeling up, as you see, can become tiring very quickly but it's worth the work! These deep-water snapper are very tasty and a good deal of meat for their size. Average catch size in our waters are about 1-1ó lbs. Here's a picture of a mahi-mahi caught this past month on Living on Island Time. Till next month… have a “Happy New Year!”
LeBron James' decision to sign with the Los Angeles Lakers has done the most of any free-agent move to shift the balance of power in the NBA this July. But the Golden State Warriors' acquisition of DeMarcus Cousins, their fifth 2018 All-Star, for the taxpayer mid-level exception arguably sent bigger shockwaves through the basketball world.
As it happens, the Purple and Gold could've taken their shot at Boogie. But according to the New York Times' Marc Stein, L.A. wasn't ready to wait until December or January to see what Cousins might be capable of when he returns from a torn Achilles.
More on the Lakers and DeMarcus Cousins: League sources say they remain Cousins fans but felt they had to pass on signing him now — even at a reduced rate — because the Lakers don't share the Warriors' luxury of waiting until January or February for Cousins' return from injury — Marc Stein (@TheSteinLine) July 4, 2018
Per Stein, team governor Jeanie Buss and president of basketball operations Magic Johnson agreed that going after Cousins would not have served the Lakers' desire to “be as competitive as possible next season.”
Magic Johnson and Jeanie Buss — collaborating, I'm told, on all aspects of the Lakers' planning — want the team to be as competitive as possible next season and thus felt the timing didn't allow for signing a player, however talented, who could miss half the season or more https://t.co/5ZU9kOvg4v — Marc Stein (@TheSteinLine) July 4, 2018
From that perspective, the Lakers declining to make an offer to Boogie is understandable. While the Warriors, with their back-to-back championships and wealth of All-Stars, can afford to wait on Cousins, L.A. is trying to see what it has so it can build the best team possible around LeBron and Lonzo Ball.
And if Cousins had no intention of signing a multi-year deal at a reduced rate—and the Lakers weren't convinced he would be able to help them over the course of a single season—it's probably best for both parties not to connect just yet.
Keep in mind: the Lakers, as currently constituted, will have plenty of flexibility under the salary cap with which to play around next summer. So if Boogie comes back strong with the Dubs, L.A. can always try to snag him in 2019, when Golden State will only be able to offer him 120 percent of his $5.3 million salary.
Jeff Lokken, age 54, passed away April 16, 2017.
Mr. Lokken, a veteran of the U.S. Air Force, was a sales account executive for insurance company Combined Worksites Solutions. He was a member of Fairview Church where he served as assistant ministry leader of Celebrate Recovery. Mr. Lokken was an avid fisherman.
He is survived by his wife, J.J. Lokken; children, Jacob Lokken, Ashley (Matthew) Buntrock, Kelsi Lokken, Sydney Watson; grandchildren, Knox Buntrock, Kenzley Lackey; parents, LeRoy and Doris Babcock Lokken; sister, Paula (Greg) Neu; and brother, Scott (Julie) Lokken.
He is preceded in death by his uncle, John Lokken.
Sellars Funeral Home in Lebanon is in charge of arrangements, 615-444-9393.
Getty Image
Over the last year, the Russian military has ramped up its activities in both disputed areas and international waters. While some in the Oval Office don't seem to be in a hurry to confront Russia, the Department of Defense issued a report Friday which includes the startling revelation that the Kremlin is working on a nuclear torpedo.
In its Nuclear Posture Review, the Pentagon revealed that much of its efforts aimed at nuclear deterrence are focused on Russia.
“Russia considers the United States and the North Atlantic Treaty Organization (NATO) to be the principal threats to its contemporary geopolitical ambitions,” the Pentagon said. The report also stated that Russia has over 2,000 “non-strategic” nuclear weapons, including missiles, “gravity bombs,” anti-ship and anti-submarine torpedoes. “What do they need nuclear depth charges for?” one US official asked.
The report was the first public mention that Russia is developing a new “intercontinental, nuclear-armed, nuclear-powered, undersea autonomous torpedo.”
Known in English as the “Status-6” system, the program is described by US officials as essentially a drone-type device fired underwater that can potentially travel thousands of miles and strike US coastal targets such as military bases or cities. Upon detonation, the device is designed to cause large zones of radioactive contamination.
According to CNN, analysts have referred to the Status-6 as a “doomsday weapon.” Republican Sen. Tom Cotton, who's been rumored to take over the CIA if a host of other personnel changes in the White House occur, called the potential weapon system “destabilizing.”
The Pentagon's report calls for the U.S. to combat this new Russian system by modifying warheads on submarine-launched ballistic missiles — thus not breaking any treaties because the nuclear stockpile's size won't be affected.
(Via CNN)
21:16 Reported News Briefs Sivan 20, 5777 , 14/06/17 Sivan 20, 5777 , 14/06/17 London Police confirm 12 people dead in highrise fire Read more The London Metropolitan Police confirm that the number of dead in the Grenfell Tower fire has risen to 12. ► ◄ Last Briefs
LONDON (AP) — Snow and wintry weather are still wreaking havoc on travelers in Britain, with flights cancelled, roads sheathed in ice and rail travel disrupted.
With temperatures dropping overnight as low as minus 11.6 Celsius (11 degrees Fahrenheit), hundreds of schools were closed Monday. Europe's largest airport, Heathrow, warned Monday that some flights would be cancelled as it cleared the backlog of flights delayed by Sunday's snowfall.
Heathrow asked travelers to check with their airlines. In the world of interconnected air travel, any extended disruption quickly leaves planes and flight crews out of position, knocking them out of rotation for their next assignments.
National Rail said poor weather conditions are affecting travel across England and Wales. Trains on Chiltern Railways, CrossCountry, Great Western, and Virgin Trains will all also be affected.
On the same day that he unveiled an urban agenda that highlights public transportation, affordable housing, and criminal justice reform, Michigan gubernatorial candidate Abdul El-Sayed came under fire in what he has described as a “birther”-like campaign questioning his eligibility to run for governor.
El-Sayed, a lifelong Michigander whose campaign has raised nearly $2 million, could be the first Muslim-American governor in the United States. He is considered the most serious challenger to Democratic frontrunner Gretchen Whitmer ahead of the August primary. And on Monday, Bridge, a Michigan magazine, published an article saying the stint El-Sayed spent as a medical student and professor at Columbia University in New York between 2013 and 2016 could be used against him, writing that “questions surrounding El-Sayed's candidacy are an open secret among Democrats, particularly in southeast Michigan.”
Most of the Democrats and election lawyers the magazine interviewed spoke on condition of anonymity, because they “didn't want to be caught up in a controversy.” A controversy has resulted nonetheless, with much of the Detroit press picking up the story. El-Sayed, in a fundraising email, said the article is the work of “establishment Democrats resorting to the kind of birther tactics that opponents to Barack Obama used to discredit his run for the presidency.”
Asked about the dispute, Whitmer's campaign neither condemned nor supported the allegations against El-Sayed and had nothing to say about his response.
“Whitmer is not focused on chatter about who is or is not getting into the race and frankly there has been way too much distraction from how we fix our roads, grow our economy, and protect health care for Michigan families,” Annie Ellison, a spokesperson for the campaign, told The Intercept. “Anything that distracts from how we solve problems and put people first in this state is not something she's paying attention to.”
ASIA:
MALAYSIA-NORTH KOREA — Police were checking surveillance tapes Wednesday for clues about who may have assassinated the half-brother of North Korean leader Kim Jong-un at an airport in Kuala Lumpur, a senior official said. By Eileen Ng. SENT: 1,000 words, photos. With MAYALSIA-NORTH KOREA UNSANWERED QUESTIONS.
NKOREA-LEADERS' HIDDEN LIVES - The alleged murder of North Korean leader Kim Jong-un's estranged half-brother could be the best cloak-and-dagger thriller North Koreans will never get to hear. And if they did, they'd likely need some plot explainers — few know Kim Jong-un even had a half-brother. By Eric Talmadge. SENT: 750 words, photos.
CHINA-TRUMP TRADEMARKS — There's a Trump toilet, a Trump condom, a Trump pacemaker and even a Trump International Hotel among hundreds of trademarks in China that don't belong to Donald Trump. But after a decade of grinding battle in China's courts, the president was expected to get an unlikely win this week: the rights to his own name. By Erika Kinetz. SENT: 1,400 words, photos.
INDONESIA-JAKARTA ELECTION — Voting was underway in the election for governor of the Indonesian capital after a months-long campaign in which the monumental problems facing Jakarta took a backseat to religious intolerance and racial bigotry. By Niniek Karmini and Stephen Wright. SENT: 730 words, photos.
AUSTRALIA-REFUGEES — Sri Lankan asylum seekers held on Pacific island camps who could potentially find new lives in the United States are free to return home without fear of persecution, Sri Lanka's prime minister said Wednesday. By Rod McGuirk. SENT: 700 words, photos.
CHINA-XINJIANG ATTACKS — Eight people were killed in China's far western Xinjiang region, including three knife-wielding assailants, in the latest outbreak of violence in the volatile territory, authorities said Wednesday. SENT: 370 words.
CHINA-POLLUTION PROTES — A Chinese aluminum company targeted by protests over pollution fears in a northern Chinese city says its production facilities conform to the highest international environmental standards, but that it hasn't decided whether to proceed with a massive investment in a new plant. By Louise Watt and Christopher Bodeen. SENT: 570 words.
CHINA-CORRUPTION - A Chinese court has sentenced the former Communist Party chief of the major northern Chinese province of Hebei to 15 years in prison on corruption charges. SENT: 200 words.
NEW ZEALAND-WILDFIRES — Hundreds of homes in the New Zealand city of Christchurch have been evacuated as wildfires threaten some suburbs. SENT: 200 words, photos.
BUSINESS AND FINANCE
JAPAN-SOFTBANK — Japanese telecommunications, internet and solar company SoftBank Group Corp. is buying U.S. investment company Fortress Investment Group for $3.3 billion. By Yuri Kageyama. SENT: 300 words.
FINANCIAL MAREKTS — Most Asian stock markets rose Tuesday after U.S. stock indexes hit a new high and the American central bank chief said it could raise interest rates as early as next month. By Joe McDonald. SENT: 540 words, photos.
___
HOW TO REACH US:
The editor in charge at the AP Asia-Pacific Desk in Bangkok is Scott McDonald. Questions and story requests are welcome. The news desk can be reached at (66) 2632-6911 or by email at asia@ap.org. The Asia Photo Desk can be reached at (81-3) 6215-8941. Between 1600 GMT and 0000 GMT, please refer queries to the North America Desk in New York at (1) 212-621-1650.
Expanded AP content can be obtained from http://www.apexchange.com. For access to AP Exchange and other technical issues, contact apcustomersupport@ap.org or call (1) 877-836-9477.
SYDNEY (AP) — Paul Okon has quit as Central Coast Mariners coach with four regular season games remaining in Australia's A-League.
Okon, an ex-Australia international who commenced his managerial career working with national youth squads, joined the Mariners last season and had been negotiating with the club to extend his contract beyond 2017-18.
The Mariners released a statement Tuesday saying Okon and the club accepted an immediate release after failing to agree on the strategic direction and plans for the team.
The Mariners' youth coach Wayne O'Sullivan has been appointed as a caretaker for the A-League team.
After an 11-game winless streak, the Mariners are in ninth place and out of playoff contention, just three points ahead of last-place Wellington Phoenix.
The Mariners next match is at home against league-leading Sydney FC on Saturday at Gosford, north of Sydney.
FILE PHOTO: A Chinese miner works at a coal mine in the suburb of Tangshan, China's Hebei province December 9, 2005. REUTERS/Jason Lee/File Photo
BEIJING (Reuters) - China's Tianjin Port Co Ltd will impose measures to curb the trucking and storage of coal months earlier than expected, as one of the nation's busiest ports complies with government orders in its war on smog, a customer notice shows.
By Wednesday, the port will stop receiving coal by truck and by the end of the month it will clear its storage warehouses of the fuel, a notice to customers dated April 16 said.
A manager at the port's logistics division confirmed the authenticity of the document which was seen by Reuters on Monday.
In March, Beijing called for a ban on transporting coal in Hebei, China's top steel producing province, and the city of Tianjin by the end of September, forcing consumers, miners and traders to use the railroad.
A spokesman for the port declined to comment.
A Tianjin based trader estimated that a couple million tonnes of coal has been sitting at logistic facilities at Tianjin port.
"It is almost impossible to clear all the cargoes before the deadline. A trader won't be able to find enough downstream buyers in such a short time period," he said.
The government plans to turn the coal storage spaces into storage centers for imported vehicles, according to the trader.
The step is an "important political task", the port notice said, as China's central government aims to cut pollution in Beijing, Hebei province and Tianjin, one of the smoggiest regions of the country.
Tianjin's rival Tangshan Port Group Co Ltd, located 130 km (81 miles) to the north, is expected to benefit from shipments of coal being diverted away from Tianjin as a result of the move.
(Reporting by Meng Meng and Josephine Mason; Editing by Christian Schmollinger)
COLUMBIA, S.C. (AP) — A South Carolina woman who spent two months chained inside a large metal container says her captor raped her daily and bragged that he was good at killing, claiming that his victims tallied nearly 100.
Kala Brown says she did what she had to do to survive.
“He told me as long as I served my purpose, I was safe,” Brown told Phillip McGraw, the host of the television show “Dr. Phil.”
It was the first time she has talked publicly since her Nov. 3 rescue, which authorities say helped them solve seven killings in the area dating back 13 years. Police said Todd Kohlhepp, a real estate agent with his own firm until his arrest, killed Brown's boyfriend, a couple who had been missing nearly a year and four people at a motorcycle shop in 2003.
Brown said she and her boyfriend had gone to Kohlhepp's rural property Aug. 31 to help him clear some underbrush. She'd cleaned houses for him previously to prepare them for sale. After the couple followed him to a two-story garage on the 95-acre property in Spartanburg County, Kohlhepp handed them hedge clippers and bottles of water. He said he needed to get something inside and came out shooting, Brown said.
He shot Charles Carver three times in the chest, she said. He gagged Brown and handcuffed her ankles and wrists. Kohlhepp took her to a “pitch black,” 30-foot-long storage container nearby, chained her by the neck in a back corner and raped her, she said.
He “let me know that if I tried to run, he'd kill me. If I tried to hurt him, he'd kill me. If I fought back, he would kill me. And then he raped me,” Brown said in episodes that aired this week. “He would rape me twice a day, every day.”
The days evolved into a pattern, she said.
He took her to the garage twice a day, where she ate, used the bathroom and was allowed to bathe every other day using a washcloth and a small plastic bowl of water. But she was never unchained, she said.
“He would put more chains on before he took other chains off,” she said.
Kohlhepp, 45, faces murder, kidnapping and weapons charges. He is not charged with sexual assault. Spokesmen for the sheriff and prosecutor declined to address the rape allegations or whether more charges are forthcoming. His attorney did not return messages.
The Associated Press normally does not identify victims of sexual assault but is naming Brown after she publicly identified herself.
The day after her rescue, investigators found Carver's body in a shallow grave on Kohlhepp's property. Brought to the site in handcuffs, Kohlhepp showed authorities the graves of the couple missing since December 2015. Kohlhepp told Brown he held that woman captive, too, before killing her.
Police said Kohlhepp acknowledged the grisly 2003 cold case after authorities granted him several requests, including letting him speak to his mother.
Brown said Kohlhepp told her he killed Carver because “it was easier to control someone if you took someone they loved.”
She thought Kohlhepp was infatuated with her and didn't want to kill her, even saying he would let her go and give her money “if he ever got old and sick,” she said. He explained Stockholm syndrome, in which a hostage starts feeling sympathetic toward their captor, and said “it would kick in and we'd be happy together.”
He twice let her see parts of the property beyond the garage and container, including once chained to a four-wheeler.
“I had been in a dark, small, enclosed space and couldn't move more than a few feet. I was thrilled to be outdoors,” she said.
When Brown heard people talking outside the container the morning of Nov. 3, she panicked, thinking maybe he had brought someone else. When she realized help had come, “I started screaming and hitting the walls,” she said.
“I knew my family would never stop looking, but he was so careful, I couldn't see how I could be found so soon. I was scared it really wasn't happening,” she said. “And when they finally got the door open and I saw the police uniforms, I was relieved.”
Watch: 'Together, we will beat the BDS' Beleaguered winery owner expresses gratitude to Huckabee group, optimism for future Contact Editor Arutz Sheva Staff,
Arutz Sheva Hoping Trump will fight boycott; Berg At an annual event held last night (Tuesday) at the Psagot Winery Visitor's Center for Mike Huckabee's 400-strong mission to Israel attended by various public figures, Dr. Naama Berg, one of the owners of the winery, described in an interview with Arutz Sheva how the ban has affected her in recent years, the physical and especially mental stress experienced by an owner of a winery and visitor center, and her hopes that the new president will act to eradicate the global anti-Israel boycott, not only for her but also for her colleagues in the region.
Loading....
German police say they have arrested a Russian man who has been sought by South Korea for more than 13 years as a suspected accessory to murder.
Federal police said Monday that the 53-year-old, whom they didn't identify, was arrested at Munich airport as he was in transit between Moscow and Prague. He is now in custody awaiting extradition.
Police say the man, who was arrested on Saturday, was sought by South Korean authorities as an accomplice to the killing of a man in 2003. He is accused of driving the getaway car, and could face up to 25 years in prison if convicted.
BOSTON--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Apr 24, 2018--PureTech Health plc (LSE: PRTC) (“PureTech Health” or the “Company”), an advanced, clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company, is pleased to announce today the appointment of Joep Muijrers, as the Company's Chief Financial Officer after 11 successful years as a Partner and Portfolio Manager at LSP (Life Sciences Partners), a trans-Atlantic investor group with exclusive focus on life sciences, where he helped several companies become leaders in the biopharma industry and generated tremendous value for his firm's stakeholders. In his new role at PureTech Health, Dr. Muijrers will be responsible for all aspects of the Company's finances, including capital markets strategy and execution, driving monetization events for growth stage affiliates, strategic and financial planning, and financial reporting.
This press release features multimedia. View the full release here: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180423006532/en/
Dr. Joep Muijrers joins PureTech Health as Chief Financial Officer (Photo: Business Wire)
“We are delighted to have Joep join PureTech Health and bring his diverse experience in life sciences and impressive track record of significant value creation to our team as we enter this next important phase of our growth,” said Daphne Zohar, Founder and Chief Executive Officer of PureTech Health.
“I have had the privilege of leading investments in a number of successful biotech companies, including those that were involved in some of the largest strategic transactions since the beginning of last year (Kite Pharma, Ablynx, CoLucid, Forward Pharma, NeuroDerm, and Juno Therapeutics). After a highly rewarding experience as an investor and investment banker, I am excited to be transitioning into an operating role,” Dr. Muijrers commented. “I am thrilled to join PureTech Health, one of the most exciting and unique biopharma companies I have come across in my career. I look forward to working with the seasoned team at the Company to help unlock the enormous value in the compelling internally-funded pipeline, as well as the exciting pipeline of affiliates.”
Dr. Muijrers joins PureTech Health with two decades of experience in corporate and capital finance, specifically focused on public market investment, M&A, portfolio management, strategic asset allocation, financial and regulatory reporting, and fundraising. In his previous role at LSP, Dr. Muijrers was responsible for investing in publicly-traded life sciences companies, a strategy that generated a total return in excess of 900% during the past decade, more than twice the return of the Nasdaq Biotechnology Index during the same period. Prior to joining LSP, Dr. Muijrers served as Director Corporate Finance and Capital Markets at Fortis Bank, currently part of ABN AMRO. Dr. Muijrers holds a Ph.D. degree in Molecular Biology from the European Molecular Biology Laboratory (EMBL) in Heidelberg, Germany, and a Master's degree in Biochemistry from the University of Nijmegen, the Netherlands.
About PureTech Health (PRTC.L) is an advanced, clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company developing novel medicines targeting serious diseases that result from dysfunctions in the nervous, immune, and gastrointestinal systems (brain-immune-gut or the “BIG” axis), which together represent the adaptive human systems. PureTech Health is at the forefront of understanding and addressing the biological processes and crosstalk associated with the BIG axis. By harnessing this emerging field of human biology, PureTech Health is pioneering new categories of medicine with the potential to have great impact on people with serious diseases. PureTech Health is advancing a rich pipeline of innovative therapies that includes two pivotal stage programs, multiple human proof-of-concept studies and a number of early clinical and pre-clinical programs. PureTech's research and development pipeline has been advanced in collaboration with some of the world's leading scientific experts, who along with PureTech's team of biopharma pioneers, entrepreneurs and seasoned Board, identify, invent, and clinically de-risk new medicines. With this experienced team pursuing cutting edge science, PureTech Health is building the biopharma company of the future focused on improving and extending the lives of people with serious disease. For more information, visit www.puretechhealth.com or connect with us on Twitter @puretechh.
Forward Looking Statement This press release contains statements that are or may be forward-looking statements, including statements that relate to PureTech's future prospects, developments and strategies. The forward-looking statements are based on current expectations and are subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results, performance and achievements to differ materially from current expectations, including, but not limited to, those risks and uncertainties described in the risk factors included in the regulatory filings for PureTech Health. These forward-looking statements are based on assumptions regarding the present and future business strategies of the company and the environment in which it will operate in the future. Each forward-looking statement speaks only as at the date of this press release. Except as required by law and regulatory requirements, neither PureTech Health nor any other party intends to update or revise these forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.
View source version on businesswire.com:https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180423006532/en/
CONTACT: PureTech Health
Allison Mead Talbot, +1 617-651-3156
amt@puretechhealth.com
or
Ten Bridge Communications
Tom Donovan, +1 857 559 3397
tom@tenbridgecommunications.com
KEYWORD: UNITED STATES NORTH AMERICA MASSACHUSETTS
INDUSTRY KEYWORD: HEALTH BIOTECHNOLOGY PHARMACEUTICAL GENERAL HEALTH
SOURCE: PureTech Health
Copyright Business Wire 2018.
PUB: 04/24/2018 02:00 AM/DISC: 04/24/2018 02:01 AM
http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180423006532/en
MOSCOW (AP) — A car veered onto the sidewalk and struck people near a bus stop in the Russian city of Sochi, killing one pedestrian and injuring five others.
In a video shown by state news channel Russia-24, a black car traveling at high speed on a main street veers across two lanes of traffic and crashes into the pedestrians, then plows through a railing and collides with a car travelling on a cross-street.
News reports said preliminary information suggested the driver had fallen asleep at the wheel.
Wednesday's accident occurred in the Dagomys district of Sochi, one of the 11 cities hosting soccer World Cup matches.
Tuesday - Thundery showers mainly over northern and eastern Singapore in the afternoon.
Wednesday - Late morning and early afternoon thundery showers.
Now Playing: Massive fire engulfs London high-rise, leaves at least 12 dead
Now Playing: London high-rise fire kills at least 6
Now Playing: Dennis Rodman visits North Korea as US student is released
Now Playing: American college student released by North Korea arrives in US
Now Playing: Multiple fatalities in massive London high-rise fire
Now Playing: Large fire engulfs high-rise building in London
Now Playing: American student heading home after release from North Korea
Now Playing: Student released from North Korea has been in a coma for more than a year, family says
Now Playing: Typhoon turns Hong Kong stairs into waterfall
Now Playing: North Korea releases imprisoned American student
Now Playing: Dennis Rodman visits North Korea amid high tensions
Now Playing: Hundreds of demonstrators arrested in Russia
Now Playing: 3 US soldiers killed in Afghanistan identified
Now Playing: Famous Anne Frank quotes
Now Playing: Hole in plane engine leads to emergency landing
Now Playing: 3 US soldiers killed in Afghanistan
Now Playing: US airstrikes target al-Shabab militants in Somalia
Now Playing: 3 US soldiers killed, 1 wounded in insider attack in Afghanistan
Now Playing: New information on the London terror attack
Telstra has confirmed that around 1400 employees are set to lose their jobs.
The telco today briefed its staff on the cuts.
In November, the telco revealed that it was planning to find more than $1 billion in savings to offset the impact of the National Broadband Network on its business.
“Today, we're providing a target of more than $1 billion net reduction in our underlying core fixed costs by FY 21,” chief financial officer Warwick Bray said.
“Because this productivity target is net, it goes directly to offsetting the NBN impact.” The productivity target equated “to a more than two per cent annual reduction in our underlying core fixed costs,” the CFO said.
Telstra has said it expects the NBN to have an ongoing negative impact on EBITDA of $2 to $3 billion annually once migration to the new network is complete.
In a note sent to employees today, Telstra CEO Andrew Penn said that company needed to “transform, urgently”. Telstra faces significant challenges in the face of digital disruption and increased competitive pressures, as well as the impact of the NBN.
“This means we will need to become a leaner organisation, one built on digitised systems and services for customers and employees, and one where we will continue to rely on partners for scale,” the CEO said.
The company is undertaking a restructured across its Operations, Retail, Global Enterprise and Services, and Media & Marketing groups, the CEO wrote.
The changes will see up to 1400 roles cut over the next six months. Roles will be cut from most part of the business and affect staff in all states and territories and all levels of seniority and also affect some overseas roles.
“As a company, we are facing rapidly changing customer expectations, intensified market pressures and increasing competition, disruptive technology changes and shifting industry economics,” Penn wrote.
“This includes things that we have talked about previously – the $2-3 billion EBITDA gaps due to the rollout of the nbn; margins on resale of the nbn likely to be lower than today; and meeting our customers' increasing expectations of us.”
A new organisational structure will be rolled out across Operations “to provide end-to-end responsibility and reduce complexity in four key lines of business – Networks, nbn & Commercial Delivery, IT and Digital Solutions, and Customer Service Management. “
Telstra Retail will be renamed Telstra Consumer & Small Business and evolve “to bring together like capabilities from across the group to create three core divisions – Customer Experience & Transformation, Telstra Products, and Consumer & Small Business Sales & Service”.
In Global Enterprise and Services, sales and services will be rolled into one team and the business renamed Telstra Enterprise.
Telstra Business will be eliminated, with functions shifted either into Consumer & Small Business or Enterprise.
Telstra's Media & Marketing will also see changes to “focus more on the customer and be more agile in how we work we are streamlining how we go to market, including bringing together our domestic and international marketing teams for Enterprise and continuing to make changes in our Media Team to better deliver our media strategy, which is growing in importance to Telstra”.
Bedfordshire Police's community policing team is organising a young people's engagement day in Leighton Buzzard to help prevent anti-social behaviour.
On Tuesday, December 12, teenagers from across the Leighton Buzzard area are invited to join the community policing team at the Youth Club on Vandyke Road from 6pm to 8pm.
The event is designed to bring youngsters together with residents and local businesses in a bid to reduce anti-social and nuisance behaviour which causes concern in the local community.
Community Sgt Louise Bates said: “This is a great opportunity for all young people of Leighton Buzzard to get involved in their community. Our force wants to provide options for the teenagers and deter them from committing crimes.
“We organise community engagement days for all our residents regularly but we believe that the younger communities deserve a day of their own. It gives them an opportunity to meet our officers and familiarise themselves with the great range of activities they can engage in their local Youth Club.
“Local businesses are greatly appreciative of the event and support the joint initiative. The Leighton Buzzard residents and businesses are a great community and this displays they will support each other when needed.”
Stephen Swain, youth worker at Groundwork Luton and Bedfordshire, who run Leighton Buzzard Youth Club, said: “The event will give our young people a chance to welcome local residents into their youth club to see how Groundwork is providing a facility for them to improve their prospects and become valued members of their community. It will of course, also be a fun day for all, with activities and prizes.”
The Youth Club provides activities for young people in the town during school holidays and throughout the year and some of these will be showcased at the event, including an opportunity for the teenagers to compete in pool and try the unrideable bike.
Good (early) morning from Hollywood! As is their wont and tradition, the Hollywood Foreign Press Association rolled out a very, very early red carpet at the Beverly Hills Hotel (which officially kicked off at 5:15AM PT), with presenters Alfre Woodard, Garrett Hedlund, Kristen Bell, and Sharon Stone on hand to announce the full list of nominations for this year's 75th Annual Golden Globe Awards.
Guillermo del Toro's “The Shape of Water” was the big winner, pulling in seven nominations, ranging from Best Motion Picture – Drama to Best Screenplay and Best Director, plus three acting nominations.
Steven Spielberg's “The Post” grabbed six nominations, including Best Motion Picture – Drama, Best Screenplay, and Best Director, in addition to acting nominations for Meryl Streep and Tom Hanks. “Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri” also earned six nods (including Best Motion Picture – Drama and acting nods for stars Frances McDormand and Sam Rockwell),
Read More:Golden Globes 2018 Film Predictions: IndieWire's Anne Thompson Makes Bold Picks
Check out the full list of Golden Globe film nominations — updating live — below. TV fans, head on over to our dedicated TV nominations post to get all the small screen goods.
Best Motion Picture – Drama
“Call Me by Your Name”
“Dunkirk”
“The Post”
“The Shape of Water”
“Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri”
Best Motion Picture – Musical or Comedy
“The Disaster Artist”
“Get Out”
“The Greatest Showman”
“I, Tonya”
“Lady Bird”
Best Performance by an Actor in a Motion Picture – Drama
Timothee Chalamet, “Call Me by Your Name”
Daniel Day-Lewis, “Phantom Thread”
Tom Hanks, “The Post”
Gary Oldman, “Darkest Hour”
Denzel Washington, “Roman J. Israel, Esquire”
Best Performance by an Actress in a Motion Picture – Drama
Jessica Chastain, “Molly's Game”
Sally Hawkins, “The Shape of Water”
Frances McDormand, “Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri”
Meryl Streep, “The Post”
Michelle Williams, “All the Money in the World”
Best Performance by an Actor in a Motion Picture – Musical or Comedy
Steve Carell, “Battle of the Sexes”
Ansel Elgort, “Baby Driver”
James Franco, “The Disaster Artist”
Hugh Jackman, “The Greatest Showman”
Daniel Kaluuya, “Get Out”
Best Performance by an Actress in a Motion Picture – Musical or Comedy
Judi Dench, “Victoria & Abdul”
Helen Mirren, “The Leisure Seeker”
Margot Robbie, “I, Tonya”
Saoirse Ronan, “Lady Bird”
Emma Stone, “Battle of the Sexes”
Best Performance by an Actor in a Supporting Role in Any Motion Picture
Willem Dafoe, “The Florida Project”
Armie Hammer, “Call Me by Your Name”
Richard Jenkins, “The Shape of Water”
Christopher Plummer, “All the Money in the World”
Sam Rockwell, “Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri”
Best Performance by an Actress in a Supporting Role in Any Motion Picture
Mary J. Blige, “Mudbound”
Hong Chau, “Downsizing”
Allison Janney, “I, Tonya”
Laurie Metcalf, “Lady Bird”
Octavia Spencer, “The Shape of Water”
Best Director – Motion Picture
Guillermo del Toro, “The Shape of Water”
Martin McDonagh, “Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri”
Christopher Nolan, “Dunkirk”
Ridley Scott, “All the Money in the World”
Steven Spielberg, “The Post”
Best Screenplay – Motion Picture
Guillermo del Toro and Vanessa Taylor, “The Shape of Water”
Greta Gerwig, “Lady Bird”
Liz Hannah and Josh Singer, “The Post”
Martin McDonagh, “Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri”
Aaron Sorkin, “Molly's Game”
Best Original Score – Motion Picture
Carter Burwell, “Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri”
Alexandre Desplat, “The Shape of Water”
Jonny Greenwood, “Phantom Thread”
John Williams, “The Post”
Hans Zimmer, “Dunkirk”
Best Original Song – Motion Picture
“Home” from “Ferdinand”
“Mighty River” from “Mudbound”
“Remember Me” from “Coco”
“The Star” from “The Star”
“This Is Me” from “The Greatest Showman”
Best Animated Feature Film
“The Boss Baby”
“The Breadwinner”
“Coco”
“Ferdinand”
“Loving Vincent”
Best Foreign-Language Film
“A Fantastic Woman”
“First They Killed My Father”
“In the Fade”
“Loveless”
“The Square”
The 75th Annual Golden Globe Awards will air live across the country on NBC on Sunday, Jan. 7, 2018 at 5 p.m. PT/8 p.m. ET from the Beverly Hilton Hotel with host Seth Meyers.
Sign Up: Stay on top of the latest breaking film and TV news! Sign up for our Email Newsletters here.
Related stories
Golden Globes 2018 Film Nominations (Full List)
Golden Globes 2018 Film Predictions: IndieWire's Anne Thompson Makes Bold Picks
Golden Globes 2018 TV Predictions: Bold Picks in Every Category
First-hand wartime testimonies and poetic fragments from Syrians, collected by Wendy Pearlman. Donate to order this gift now!
"A beacon of hope in the darkest of times." -- Sarah Jaffe. Donate to order this gift now!
@ladygaga Giving money to the homeless in San Fransisco Tonight. Her heart is so big! I love you! ❤️💋 #JoanneWorldTour #ladygaga pic.twitter.com/RthUzZQqOB — xoxo, Danny (@dinogaga16) August 14, 2017
Lady Gaga took the time to hand out money to the homeless in San Francisco right after her concert last night.The superstar performed at AT&T Park Sunday night. It's hard to see her, she appears quickly in this video, but she's the one with the high heel white boots.It's unclear exactly what streets she was on, but likely somewhere near the ballpark.
Sutton Foster may play a 20-something who works in publishing on the hit TV show "Younger," but the actress and singer said she relishes her real-life role as a mother.
TV Land
"I was a mess in my 20's," Foster told "GMA" laughing about not wanting to relive them like her on-screen persona Liza Miller does. "I feel like my life has only gotten better every decade."
Foster, 43, and her husband, Ted Griffin, recently adopted their first child, a 15-month-old daughter named Emily Dale.
"We adopted her last year right before season four started," she explained. "I have all this extra anxiety so I started crocheting baby blankets and made my New Year's resolution to make 10 baby blankets -- and I'll auction them off for an adoption charity so I can help other families be able to share in the joy of adoption because it's changed our lives."
The two-time Tony Award winner said her daughter also inspired some of the songs on her new album, "Take me to the World."
"It's been a long time in the making and [it's] totally inspired by becoming a mom," she said. "This is all for her, all the songs are sort of inspired by her."
Foster said that one of the lullabies she created for the album prompted a precious reaction from her daughter.
"The very first time I played it for my daughter she looked at the speaker and looked at me and looked at the speaker [again] and looked at me and she crawled into my lap and put her forehead against my forehead, I am not kidding," Foster said. "And I was like, 'What's happening?'"
"I don't know if she realizes that mommy's voice comes from the speaker and I know someday she's going to be like 'don't sing, don't sing,' but not now," she said with a laugh.
Michael Riordan met his wife Jennifer in a shopping mall 29 years ago. He was 17 years old. She was just 15.
Interested in Airlines? Add Airlines as an interest to stay up to date on the latest Airlines news, video, and analysis from ABC News. Add Interest
Last week, Michael's world changed when he learned Jennifer had been killed on Southwest Flight 1380 after an engine failed 32,000 feet above the ground on April 17.
Jennifer, a 43-year-old bank executive and mother of two, was partially sucked out of the plane's window, despite wearing her seat belt. Her fellow passengers were able to pull her back inside of the aircraft but were not able to save her.
Jennifer became the first person to die in an accident on a U.S. airline in nearly 10 years.
Michael sat down with ABC News in his hometown of Albuquerque, New Mexico, to share how he learned about Jennifer's death and how he broke the news to their young children.
It began with a phone call from the chaplain at the Philadelphia hospital where Jennifer's body was taken after the flight made an emergency landing.
Joe Marcus/Twitter
"The chaplain at the hospital called and said, 'We need to speak with Mike Riordan who is married to Jennifer. Are you married to Jennifer Riordan?'" Michael said. "I said, 'Yes, but she wasn't going through Philadelphia. She was planning on going to Chicago so I don't think you --' just absolute denial. I'm still in denial."
The chaplain told Michael he was going to have the doctor call him. Before the doctor got through, however, Michael was able to search for news online that could have affected Jennifer.
"I saw one passenger brought to the hospital, like, 'OK, but the whole plane didn't crash,'" he said, adding, "I was like, 'She can't be injured that bad she's just in a hospital, but I can get out there and I can hold her hand and love on her.'"
AP
Two minutes later, Michael said, the doctor called and told him they were sorry and had tried everything they could to save his wife but she didn't make it.
"I immediately thought of the kids and how do you tell your kids their mom was gone," Michael said, referring to the couple's young son and daughter. Jennifer had planned to meet the family at their son's baseball game that Tuesday night after her flight from New York.
Instead, Michael drove to his children's school, where he brought them into a chapel to share the news.
"I just held their little hands and took a knee and said, 'Mommy's not going to come home guys,'" he said.
On Sunday, hundreds of people turned out to mourn Jennifer's passing. Michael said it was the first time he had felt peace since her death, being in the presence of those who loved her and were touched by her life.
Michael told ABC News he has avoided listening to news reports about the incident and Southwest's response, choosing for now to only concentrate on his children.
Obtained by ABC
Southwest Airlines Chief Executive Officer Gary Kelly expressed gratitude that no one else was seriously injured, but described the passenger's death as a "tragic loss."
"This is a sad day, and our hearts go out to the family and loved ones of the deceased customer," Kelly said during a press conference April 17.
Kelly said he was not aware of any issues with the Boeing 737, which was last inspected on Sunday. No issues with the plane or engine were reported at that time, he said, calling the Boeing 737 the "workhorse of the airline industry."
In a statement, Boeing expressed its "deepest condolences" to the victim's family.
NTSB investigators will continue the investigation in Washington, D.C., where in 12 to 15 months they are expected to announce a probable cause and more safety recommendations.
Meanwhile, airlines are under an order to quickly inspect engines like the one that failed on Flight 1380.
ABC News' Martha Raddatz's conversation with Michael Riordan will air on an upcoming episode of ABC News' “20/20.”
YouTube
For most of the past year, Adam Cole eventually signing with WWE was viewed as a foregone conclusion by most wrestling reporters, pundits, and fans. It was all a question of his Ring of Honor contract finally running out, and how soon after his no-compete he might pop up, either in the crowd at an NXT event (as is the custom), or directly debuting on NXT television.
Cole has never made any bones about the fact that he'd very much like to go to WWE. The only three-time ROH Champion in history has even gone on record as saying he'd prefer to start his WWE career in NXT before moving to the main roster. (Not that that's not a mandatory step for most people who sign with the company.) The most recent report we heard after Cole's contract with ROH expired was that he had offers on the table from every major wrestling company you could think of, as you'd imagine both Ring of Honor and New Japan would like to keep one of the (former) focal points of the Bullet Club around.
BRUSSELS (AP) — The European Union's foreign policy chief says the EU is reluctant to change the landmark nuclear agreement with Iran even as U.S. President Donald Trump threatens to walk away from the pact.
Federica Mogherini said Monday after chairing talks among the foreign ministers of EU countries that Europeans "attach strategic importance to the full implementation of the agreement by all parties."
Mogherini said: "It is for us a matter of security, for Europe and for the rest of the world."
The EU's representative for foreign affairs and security policy says the pact, "if disrupted, would create an additional security threat and concern in the region."
Mogherini says the EU hopes to dissuade Iran from developing missiles or undermining regional security, but that work must happen "outside the scope of the nuclear agreement."
Interested in France? Add France as an interest to stay up to date on the latest France news, video, and analysis from ABC News. Add Interest
Former French President Nicolas Sarkozy was placed in custody on Tuesday as part of an investigation that he received millions of euros in illegal financing from the regime of the late Libyan leader Moammar Gadhafi.
A judicial source with direct knowledge of the case told The Associated Press that Sarkozy was being held at the Nanterre police station, west of Paris. The person spoke on condition of anonymity because he was not authorized to discuss the matter publicly.
Sarkozy and his former chief of staff have denied wrongdoing in the case, which involves funding for his winning 2007 presidential campaign.
Though an investigation has been underway since 2013, the case gained traction some three years later when French-Lebanese businessman Ziad Takieddine told the online investigative site, Mediapart, that he delivered suitcases from Libya containing 5 million euros ($6.2 million) in cash to Sarkozy and his former chief of staff Claude Gueant.
A lawyer for Sarkozy did not immediately respond to a message from the AP seeking comments.
Investigators are examining claims that Gadhafi's regime secretly gave Sarkozy 50 million euros overall for the 2007 campaign. Such a sum would be more than double the legal campaign funding limit at the time of 21 million euros. In addition, the alleged payments would violate French rules against foreign financing and declaring the source of campaign funds.
In the Mediapart interview published in November 2016, Takieddine said he was given 5 million euros in Tripoli by Gadhafi's intelligence chief on trips in late 2006 and 2007 and that he gave the money in suitcases full of cash to Sarkozy and Gueant on three occasions. He said the handovers took place in the Interior Ministry, while Sarkozy was interior minister.
Takieddine has for years been embroiled in his own problems with French justice, centering mainly on allegations he provided illegal funds to the campaign of conservative politician Edouard Balladur for his 1995 presidential election campaign — via commissions from the sale of French submarines to Pakistan.
According to Le Monde newspaper, investigators have recently handed to magistrates a report in which they detailed how cash circulated within Sarkozy's campaign team.
In January, a French businessman suspected of playing a role in the financing scheme, Alexandre Djouhri, was arrested in London on a warrant issued by France "for offenses of fraud and money laundering." Le Monde said French investigators are also in possession of several documents seized at his home in Switzerland.
Sarkozy had a complex relationship with Gadhafi. Soon after becoming the French president, Sarkozy invited the Libyan leader to France for a state visit and welcomed him with high honors. But Sarkozy then put France in the forefront of NATO-led airstrikes against Gadhafi's troops that helped rebel fighters topple his regime in 2011.
It is not the first time that Sarkozy faces legal troubles. In February 2016, he was handed preliminary charges by French magistrates for suspected illegal overspending on his failed 2012 re-election campaign and ordered to stand trial.
LONDON--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Apr 23, 2018-- market research analysts forecast the to grow at a CAGR of close to 7% during the period 2018-2022, according to their latest report.
This press release features multimedia. View the full release here: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180423006207/en/
Technavio has published a new market research report on the global industrial carousel market from 2018-2022. (Graphic: Business Wire)
Innovation in carousel market is a key trend which is expected to impact the market during the forecast period. The rising market demand for convenient and cost-effective warehouse facilities is paving the way for innovation in the material handling equipment market. For instance, horizontal carousels come with a voice recognition system that has been incorporated to reduce the cost incurred on recruiting and training labor for carousel operation. Also, voice-recognized horizontal carousels help warehouse managers to manage the inventory during peak demand.
This report is available at a USD 1,000 discount for a limited time only:
Save more with Technavio. Buy2 reports and get the third for FREE:
In this report, Technavio analysts highlight the growing global pharmaceutical market as a key factor contributing to the growth of the global industrial carousel market:
Growing global pharmaceutical market
The global pharmaceutical market grew by 9.5% during 2005-2015, and the growth phase of the market is expected to continue for the next few years. The growing healthcare reforms in developed and developing countries are triggering the growth of the global pharmaceutical market. Also, rising health insurance awareness in the US, China, and India will foster the volume sales of the pharmaceutical sector.
“The patent expiration of innovative drugs is a market triggering driver for the pharmaceutical warehouse equipment market. This is because the patent expiration of drugs increases the volume of pharmaceutical products due to the introduction of biopharma replicas of drugs by many general medicine manufacturers. The rise in the volume of pharmaceutical sales will positively affect the revenues of warehouse material handling equipment manufacturers,” says a senior analyst at Technavio for research.
Looking for more information on this market?
Technavio's sample reports are free of charge and contain multiple sections of the report such as the market size and forecast, drivers, challenges, trends, and more.
Global industrial carousel market segmentation
This market research report segments the by product (horizontal carousel and vertical carousel) and key regions (the Americas, APAC, and EMEA).
EMEA was the leading region for the global industrial carousel market in 2017, accounting for a market share of over 39%, followed by the Americas and APAC. Although APAC held the smallest market share, it is the only region that is expected to exhibit growth of over 1% in its market share by 2022, while the other two regions will witness a decrease in their market share.
About Technavio
is a leading global technology research and advisory company. Their research and analysis focuses on emerging market trends and provides actionable insights to help businesses identify market opportunities and develop effective strategies to optimize their market positions.
With over 500 specialized analysts, Technavio's report library consists of more than 10,000 reports and counting, covering 800 technologies, spanning across 50 countries. Their client base consists of enterprises of all sizes, including more than 100 Fortune 500 companies. This growing client base relies on Technavio's comprehensive coverage, extensive research, and actionable market insights to identify opportunities in existing and potential markets and assess their competitive positions within changing market scenarios.
If you are interested in more information, please contact our media team at .
View source version on businesswire.com:https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180423006207/en/
CONTACT: Technavio Research
Jesse Maida
Media & Marketing Executive
US: +1 844 364 1100
UK: +44 203 893 3200
www.technavio.com
KEYWORD: EUROPE ASIA PACIFIC AFRICA MIDDLE EAST
INDUSTRY KEYWORD: SUPPLY CHAIN MANAGEMENT TRANSPORT HEALTH OTHER TRANSPORT TRAVEL TRANSPORTATION PHARMACEUTICAL MANUFACTURING LOGISTICS/SUPPLY CHAIN MANAGEMENT PACKAGING OTHER MANUFACTURING RETAIL
SOURCE: Technavio Research
Copyright Business Wire 2018.
PUB: 04/23/2018 01:40 PM/DISC: 04/23/2018 01:40 PM
http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180423006207/en
ATHENS, Greece (AP) — Greece's culture ministry has rejected a request by Italian luxury brand Gucci to use the ancient Acropolis for a fashion event this summer.
Culture Minister Lydia Koniordou told state television a panel of ministry experts turned down the request late Tuesday, adding she was in "total agreement."
The Acropolis is listed as a World Heritage Site by the United Nations cultural organization, Unesco.
Koniordou said: "We have a duty to defend the importance of (the Acropolis) ... a global symbol of democracy and freedom."
Requests for commercial use of ancient monuments in Greece are rarely approved.
American singer Jennifer Lopez was granted access to the Acropolis for a 2008 photo shoot. The site also featured in the 2014 film "The Two Faces of January" starring Viggo Mortensen and Kirsten Dunst.
ATLANTA (AP) — Two Atlanta men have been sentenced for illegally buying and trafficking at least three dozen guns from Georgia to Trinidad and Tobago.
The U.S. attorney's office in Atlanta says Errol Alfred, known as "Major," was sentenced Thursday to five years in prison. Kerry Fernandez, known as "Trini," was sentenced April 19 to two years and three months.
Both had previously pleaded guilty to charges including conspiring to smuggle firearms out of the U.S.
Prosecutors say between August 2013 and September 2014, Alfred and Fernandez used straw buyers to buy guns. Alfred then hid the guns in shipping barrels to smuggle them to Trinidad, where they were sold.
A third man, Jordan Dunham, in April got six months in prison for illegally purchasing some of the guns the two men shipped.
After bottoming out earlier this year, the language is gaining in adherents—but still faces the Java juggernaut for the top spot
The venerable, close-to-the-metal C language has enjoyed a reversal of fortune in the Tiobe language popularity index, emerging as a candidate for the index's top gainer this year after sustaining its record low just four months ago.
Although still in second place in this month's index behind Java, C—with its 10.158 percent rating—has jumped nearly four percentage points since August, when it sustained an all-time low of 6.477 percent.
(Java also had an all-time low that month of 12.961 percent.) C's rating also has increased 1.43 points compared to December 2016.
Tiobe, which offers software quality services, attributes C's rise this year to its usefulness in programming of small software devices and the increase of low-level software in the automotive industry, where C also has a stronghold.
Popular in China, C still faces major competition from Java
If C gains the most share this year, it would be named Tiobe's programming language of the year. The language is very popular in China, said Tiobe Managing Director Paul Jansen, who compiles the index. And a lot of European and US companies are developing their software in that country, he added.
Although C used to top Java in the index, Jansen still sees Java keeping its lead despite C's good fortunes of late. Java still has an edge over C when it comes to being deployed in enterprise systems, he said. Java's rating this month was 13.268.
Tiobe's index is based on a formula assessing searches on languages in popular search engines, gauging the number of skilled engineers worldwide, courses and third-party vendors pertinent to language.
Kotlin is a gainer as well
Also a candidate for Tiobe's language of the year is Kotlin, JetBrains' statically typed language that began on the JVM and now can be transpiled to JavaScript. It also has been endorsed by Google as a language for building Android mobile applications.
Kotlin was in 28th place this month with a 0.994 percent rating. “Since the adoption of Kotlin as an official Android language, its popularity is skyrocketing,” Jansen said. But “the effect of this will be over soon, and then it is interesting to see whether Kotlin can get some traction in other areas.”
Because Kotlin runs on the JVM, it could also take away from other Java domains, he said. Kotlin reached the index's top 50 for the first time in June, when it was ranked 43rd with a rating of 0.346 percent.
Matlab also sees strong gains
Also noteworthy in this month's index is Matlab turning up in 10th place with a rating of 1.569 percent. While down 0.25 percentage points from a year ago, Matlab nonetheless jumped eight spots compared to December 2016. Matlab is a slow climber, Jansen said.
But allong with the Simulink model-based design environment, Matlab is popular in the automotive industry, he said.
Tiobe and PyPL top 10 languages for December 2017
Tiobe's top 10 languages for December 2017 are as follows
Java (13.258 percent) C (10.158 percent) C++ (4.717 percent) Python (3.777 percent) C# (2.822 percent) JavaScript (2.474 percent) Visual Basic.Net (2.471 percent) R (1.906 percent PHP (1.59 percent) Matlab (1.569 percent)
In the alternative PyPL Popularity of Programming Language index, which analyzes how often language tutorials are searched on in Google, December's top 10 are:
Java (21.5 percent) Python (19.3 percent) PHP (8.3 percent) JavaScript (7.9 percent) C# (7.6 percent) C (6.3 percent) C++ (6.3 percent) R (3.8 percent) Objective-C (3.8 percent) Swift (3 percent)
GUINDA, Calif. (AP) — Crews are making progress against a Northern California wildfire that threatens hundreds of buildings but say wind and dry vegetation could still fuel the blaze.
California officials said the fire in rural counties northwest of Sacramento was 25 percent contained as of Wednesday morning. That's up from 15 percent the previous day.
It has burned through 129 square miles (334 square kilometers) after igniting Saturday. Some areas have been under evacuation orders for days.
It's among the massive wildfires burning in the Western United States and putting some Fourth of July plans on hold.
The Supreme Court has given the state half a year to enforce the law against an illegal building supplies store and an illegal garage in the Samarian Palestinian Authority village of Luban Ash-Sharqiyah, near the Jewish community of Eli.
Orders against the businesses were first taken out in 2010.
Health insurers Anthem and Cigna are now trading lawsuits instead of working together to salvage their shaky $48-billion buyout agreement.
The Blue Cross-Blue Shield carrier Anthem said Wednesday that it is seeking a restraining order to block its smaller rival from terminating their deal, which has already been blocked by a federal judge.
Cigna announced Tuesday that it was suing Anthem and seeking more than $13 billion in damages for what it says were Anthem's breaches of the merger agreement. Anthem had filed documents seeking an expedited appeal to the judge's ruling a day before Cigna's complaint landed in federal court.
The two companies announced Anthem's plan to buy Cigna in 2015 a few weeks after two other insurers, Aetna Inc. and Humana Inc., announced a similar combination. But the Department of Justice sued to stop both acquisitions, and separate federal judges recently rejected them after a trial partially over concerns about their impact on consumers.
Aetna and Humana announced Tuesday they were ending their deal.
But Anthem said Wednesday that there still was enough time and "a viable path forward" for completing its deal.
The Indianapolis insurer added that Cigna's lawsuit was the next step in that company's "campaign to sabotage the merger and to try to deflect attention from its repeated willful breaches" of the deal.
It listed several maneuvers that it says that Cigna attempted to sabotage the deal. Anthem said Cigna refuses to allow meetings with its senior management team and has repeatedly delayed producing data.
Anthem also said Cigna's CEO attacked the combined company's ability to achieve savings on medical costs during trial testimony.
A Cigna spokesman did not immediately return a call from The Associated Press seeking comment.
A time-lapse video showing smog rolling into Beijing over a 20-minute period gives a glimpse of the pollution problem in China's capital city.
Chas Pope, a British engineering consultant working in Beijing, shot the video.
a time-lapse video taken over just 20 minutes of smog rolling into Beijing.
An air-quality index released by China's municipal environmental protection bureau, which measures potentially hazardous particles in the air, hit 482 on Sunday, almost touching the 500 mark where the scale tops out, and far beyond the point deemed hazardous to health, according to the South China Morning Post.
WHAT TO KNOW
The U.S embassy in Beijing gives its ownof air pollution in the capital, which as of today is "hazardous."
"Everyone should avoid all physical activity outdoors," a warning accompanying the reading warns. "People with heart or lung disease, older adults, and children should remain indoors and keep activity levels low."
The day after racially charged violence gripped Charlottesville, Virginia, President Donald Trump's re-election campaign released an ad attacking his "enemies" for obstructing his agenda.
The ad slammed Democrats, the media and career politicians for what it said were attacks on and obstruction of Trump's efforts while touting the President's record so far of overseeing low levels of unemployment, record-high stock prices and what the ad called "the strongest military in decades."
"The President's enemies don't want him to succeed, but Americans are saying, 'Let President Trump do his job,'" the ad said.
The Trump campaign did not respond Sunday to requests for more details on the ad, including when and where it will run and how much it cost.
Trump took office following years of decreasing unemployment rates, and those numbers have continued to improve during his time in office. The US economy added more than one million jobs since Trump was elected. The stock market has reached record heights by some measures as well, continuing a trend since recovering from the Great Recession, with a strong increase since the November election.
The release of the Trump campaign's new ad comes as the President continues to receive criticism for his statements Saturday in response to the violence that wracked Charlottesville over the weekend.
White nationalists gathered in Charlottesville and clashed with counterprotesters Saturday, violence that culminated in a man driving a car into a crowd, killing a woman and injuring 19 others. Two Virginia state troopers died the same day in a helicopter crash while assisting the city's response to the violence.
Trump gave a statement Saturday condemning the violence and bigotry "on many sides" and touted his own record, including low levels of unemployment and announcements by companies such as Foxconn, an electronic components manufacturer headquartered in Taiwan, which plans to increase production in the US.
"We have so many incredible things happening in our country, so when I watch Charlottesville, to me, it's very, very sad," Trump said.
But in his remarks, Trump did not single out white supremacists as responsible for the violence, drawing criticism from some congressional leaders within his own party.
On Sunday, the White House offered a statement on background claiming the President's remarks included a condemnation of white supremacy and "all extremist groups."
Senior administration officials said Sunday that Trump was referring to white supremacist groups in his remarks.
Pressed on "State of the Union" about the President's position towards the white supremacists, White House homeland security adviser Tom Bossert offered a condemnation of all hate groups and said Trump felt the same way.
"I condemn white supremacists and racists and white Nazi groups and all the other groups that espouse this kind of hatred," Bossert said.
When asked by on NBC's "Meet the Press" why Trump did not single-out the neo-Nazis or white supremacists in his comments, White House national security adviser H.R. McMaster said: "When he condemned bigotry and hatred on all sides, that includes white supremacists and neo-Nazis, and I think it's clear. I know it's clear in his mind."
Trump declared his intention to run for re-election at the very beginning of his presidency and in recent months has taken part in several campaign events, including holding a $35,000-per-seat fundraiser in June.
When Attorney General Jeff Sessions was asked how he viewed the car attack in Charlottesville, Va., here's how he responded:
"It does meet the definition of domestic terrorism in our statute," he told ABC's Good Morning America.
That certainly seems to suggest the government is looking into a possible terrorism charge against the suspect, 20-year-old James Alex Fields Jr. At Saturday's rally organized by white supremacists, a car slammed into counterprotesters, killing one and injuring 19.
But according to the Justice Department and legal analysts, it's simply not possible for the government to file charges of domestic terrorism, because no such criminal law exists.
The Patriot Act does define domestic terrorism, and under this designation, the Justice Department has broad powers to investigate, said Neal Katyal, a Georgetown University law professor who served as former President Barack Obama's acting solicitor general and as the national security adviser to the Justice Department.
He said the government has three basic ways to approach the Charlottesville case.
"No. 1, this is a hate crime, under the hate crime statutes," he said. "The second is that this is a conspiracy to deprive individuals of civil rights."
"And the third is, this is an act of domestic terror, which isn't itself a crime," he noted. In short, the government can't file a criminal charge of domestic terrorism, but so defining the incident does allow it to investigate not only an individual suspect, but also any group the suspect may be affiliated with.
In an email to NPR, the Justice Department made the same point.
The commonwealth of Virginia, meanwhile, has charged Fields with second-degree murder and other crimes.
The Charlottesville case has again spurred a discussion about describing far-right violence as terrorism. After the al-Qaida attacks of Sept. 11, 2001, terrorism was associated primarily with radical Islamist groups based abroad.
The State Department has a list of nearly 60 groups, all foreign, that are identified as terrorist organizations. The vast majority are radical Islamists. And the government can charge a person — American or foreign — with terrorism on behalf of these international groups.
Consider this hypothetical: If the Charlottesville attacker emerged from the car and said he was acting on behalf of the Islamic State, he could be charged with international terrorism, according to Katyal.
Inside the U.S., the political debate appears to be shifting, with growing numbers calling for far-right extremism to be identified as terrorism. But that's almost entirely a political discussion, not a legal one.
On the legal front, there's still a good deal of resistance to creating a criminal charge of domestic terrorism.
"It's an incredibly broad label," said Hina Shamsi, director of the national security project at the American Civil Liberties Union. "There's a real danger of the government criminalizing ideology, theology and beliefs rather than focusing on specific criminal acts."
She said creating a domestic terrorism charge could quickly raise all sorts of political questions about free speech and religion. The ACLU opposes any such law, believing it could be politicized and used, for example, against anti-war groups or environmental activists.
Back in 1995, when Timothy McVeigh killed 168 people with a truck bomb at a federal building in Oklahoma City, it was widely described as the worst act of domestic terrorism to that point.
Yet he was charged with, convicted of and executed for killing federal agents and other crimes — but not terrorism.
The government has historically used the term "terrorism" as a general description for a range of violent acts, including those by right-wing extremists, as well as environmental, anti-abortion and far-left groups. But the specific criminal charge is never domestic terrorism.
Another case came to light Monday, when the Justice Department announced it had arrested a man for allegedly attempting to set off a truck bomb in front of a bank in Oklahoma City on Saturday.
The bomb didn't detonate, the department said. But its description of the case is similar to McVeigh's attack, claiming the suspect, Jerry Varnell, 23, was angry with the government.
The FBI's Joint Terrorism Task Force is leading what's being described as a "domestic terrorism investigation." Yet the formal charge against Varnell is "attempting to use explosives to destroy a building in interstate commerce."
Not terrorism.
The Veterans Health Administration Executive in Charge Dr. Carolyn Clancy spoke at the memorial for the Yountville shooting victims, saying she knows the three victims would want those who serve veterans to carry on this important work with honor and pride as they did.
Today in History
Today is Wednesday, Feb. 15, the 46th day of 2017. There are 319 days left in the year.
Today's Highlight in History:
On Feb. 15, 1867, "On the Beautiful Blue Danube," a waltz by Johann Strauss (the Younger), was publicly performed for the first time by the Vienna Men's Choral Society, garnering a polite, if decidedly less than enthusiastic, audience response. (A revised orchestral version proved much more successful.)
On this date:
In 1764, the site of present-day St. Louis was established by Pierre Laclede and Auguste Chouteau.
In 1898, the U.S. battleship Maine mysteriously blew up in Havana Harbor, killing more than 260 crew members and bringing the United States closer to war with Spain.
In 1933, President-elect Franklin D. Roosevelt escaped an assassination attempt in Miami that mortally wounded Chicago Mayor Anton J. Cermak; gunman Giuseppe Zangara was executed more than four weeks later.
In 1942, the British colony Singapore surrendered to Japanese forces during World War II.
In 1952, a funeral was held at Windsor Castle for Britain's King George VI, who had died nine days earlier.
In 1961, 73 people, including an 18-member U.S. figure skating team en route to the World Championships in Czechoslovakia, were killed in the crash of a Sabena Airlines Boeing 707 in Belgium.
In 1967, the rock band Chicago was founded by Walter Parazaider, Terry Kath, Danny Seraphine, Lee Loughnane (LOK'-nayn), James Pankow and Robert Lamm; the group originally called itself The Big Thing.
In 1971, Britain and Ireland "decimalised" their currencies, making one pound equal to 100 new pence instead of 240 pence.
In 1982, 84 men were killed when a huge oil-drilling rig, the Ocean Ranger, sank off the coast of Newfoundland during a fierce storm.
In 1989, the Soviet Union announced that the last of its troops had left Afghanistan, after more than nine years of military intervention.
In 1992, a Milwaukee jury found that Jeffrey Dahmer was sane when he killed and mutilated 15 men and boys. (The decision meant that Dahmer, who had already pleaded guilty to the murders, would receive a mandatory life sentence for each count; Dahmer was beaten to death in prison in 1994.)
In 2002, a private funeral was held at Windsor Castle for Britain's Princess Margaret, who had died six days earlier at age 71.
Ten years ago: National Guardsmen in Humvees ferried food, fuel and baby supplies to hundreds of motorists stranded for nearly a day on a 50-mile stretch of Interstate 78 in eastern Pennsylvania because of a monster storm. The U.S. Mint unveiled the new presidential $1 coin. Oscar-winning songwriter Ray Evans died in Los Angeles at age 92.
Five years ago: Congressional negotiators sealed an agreement on legislation to renew a payroll tax cut for 160 million workers and jobless benefits for millions more. In defiant swipes at its foes, Iran said it was dramatically closer to mastering the production of nuclear fuel even as the U.S. weighed tougher pressure on the Tehran government.
One year ago: President Barack Obama opened a meeting in Rancho Mirage, California, of leaders from the Association of Southeast Asian Nations, calling the landmark gathering on U.S. soil a reflection of his personal commitment to an enduring partnership with the diverse group of countries. Taylor Swift's "1989" brought the singer her second Grammy Award win for album of the year; Mark Ronson and Bruno Mars earned top record for "Uptown Funk," while Ed Sheeran won song of the year for "Thinking Out Loud." Vanity, a Prince protege who renounced her sexy stage persona to become a Christian minister, died in Fremont, California at age 57. Her real name was Denise Matthews.
Today's Birthdays: Former Illinois Congressman John Anderson is 95. Actress Claire Bloom is 86. Author Susan Brownmiller is 82. Songwriter Brian Holland is 76. Rock musician Mick Avory (The Kinks) is 73. Jazz musician Henry Threadgill is 73. Actress-model Marisa Berenson is 70. Actress Jane Seymour is 66. Singer Melissa Manchester is 66. Actress Lynn Whitfield is 64. "Simpsons" creator Matt Groening (GREE'-ning) is 63. Model Janice Dickinson is 62. Actor Christopher McDonald is 62. Reggae singer Ali Campbell is 58. Actor Joseph R. Gannascoli is 58. Musician Mikey Craig (Culture Club) is 57. College and Pro Football Hall of Famer Darrell Green is 57. Actor/comedian Steven Michael Quezada (TV: "Breaking Bad") is 54. Country singer Michael Reynolds (Pinmonkey) is 53. Actor Michael Easton is 50. Rock musician Stevie Benton (Drowning Pool) is 46. Actress Renee O'Connor is 46. Actress Sarah Wynter is 44. Olympic gold medal swimmer Amy Van Dyken-Rouen is 44. Actress-director Miranda July is 43. Rock singer Brandon Boyd (Incubus) is 41. Rock musician Ronnie Vannucci (The Killers) is 41. Singer-songwriter-musician Conor Oberst (Bright Eyes) is 37. Actress Ashley Lyn Cafagna is 34. Blues-rock musician Gary Clark Jr. is 33. Actress Natalie Morales is 32. Actress Amber Riley is 31.
Thought for Today: "Nothing is mine, I have only nothing but it is enough, it is beautiful and it is all mine." — Katherine Anne Porter, American author (1894-1980).
Boys high school basketball wrapped up in Ontario in early March when provincial champions were crowned in three enrolment categories.
Not all players from Niagara have put away their sneakers for the off-season, however.
On Wednesday, 40 of the top players from the region are back on the court showcasing their skills in a north-south all-star doubleheader at St. Catharines Collegiate.
Action in the battle for basketball bragging rights between players from zones 3 and 4 tips off with the top 20 game at 6:30 p.m. followed by the marquee matchup, featuring the top 10 from each zone, at 8 p.m.
All proceeds from the charity games will go to Big Brothers and Big Sisters organizations in Niagara.
This is the first time the showcase will open with a top 20 game. In past years only the top 10 players nominated from their schools were invited to take part.
Selection process for the teams started with high school coaches in the region each nominating three players from their teams. A committee made up of representatives from the various leagues then picked the final teams.
Frank Keltos, a member of the selection committee as well as boys basketball head coach at Collegiate, is helping the organize the boys game after 10 years volunteering to run a girls hoops showcase. He called Wednesday night's doubleheader a way of giving back to the players.
“Speaking an as ex-high school player and a college player, there's always that final game you hope to play with the best players in the region,” Keltos said. “Now they get that one game to see what it's like to play the best players rather than against them.”
Keltos said the game is an opportunity for players to shine, especially if their school finished lower in the standings. He pointed out players who compete with smaller schools don't often get to shine in the regular season.
“Sometimes, the team that wins don't have that best athlete, they just have more,” Keltos said. “Ultimately, it's not a one-man or a two- man game, you got five guys on the court. So, for the schools, it's always nice to have a representative. It's a proud moment for each individual school.”
Selecting 17-year old Desmond Taylor to represent Collegiate was a no-brainer. Taylor worked hard this season and has Keltos believing he will be playing at the college level next season.
He has already been accepted to Niagara College in the fall, and he wants to make a good impression in his last hurrah at the high school level.
“I can look at the talent here and then up my game, because college level is going to be much harder,” Taylor said. “I'm just trying to go out there and show what I got.”
Taylor is ranked seventh among players from Zone 4 and first overall from his school. The 6-foot small forward said it's an honour to be selected in the top 10, considering the amount of time and effort put in to competing at an all-star level.
“It's going to be really competitive, but I know I can do my best,” Taylor said. “I have to put my stuff out there and train my hardest to get ready for college ball.”
Twelve schools from each zone will have at least one representative at the game. A.N. Myer, Eden, Saint Francis, Saint Paul, Sir Winston Churchill and Welland Centennial will be sending three players each.
HOOPS HEADLINERS
Players selected from north Niagara, Zone 4; south Niagara, Zone 3; for a top 10, top 20 doubleheader Wednesday at St. Catharines Collegiate starting at 6 :30 p.m.
Top 10 north all-stars: 1. Ivan Peso, Holy Cross; 2. Jack Riddell, Saint Francis; 3. Tom Whitty, Eden; 4. Harrison Enns, Sir Winston Churchill; 5. Rahim Bardi, Governor Simcoe; 6. Alex Cochrane, Governor Simcoe; 7. Desmond Taylor, St. Catharines Collegiate; 8. Tyrell McLennan, Saint Francis; 9. Ryan Benvento, Churchill; 10. Steven Rosts, Eden. Top 20 north all-stars: 11. Sam Braithwaite, Saint Francis; 12. Nick Pasaluko, Grimsby; 13. Dakota Welbourn, Beamsville; 14. Liam Porteous, Laura Secord; 15. Asim Serri, Churchill; 16. Sam Tomaino, Blessed Trinity; 17. Colton Smith, Thorold; 18., Ryan Gilbert, Eden; 19. Robert Smith, Collegiate; 10. Sympho Ilunga, Denis Morris. Coaches: Shaun Feor, Simcoe; Gregg Loucks, Churchill; Brian MacIsaac, Eden; Mike McGinnis, Saint Francis.
Top 10 south all-stars: 1. Johnnie Richardson, Saint Paul; 2. Kennedy Talarico, Saint Paul; 3. Tre Ford, A.N. Myer; 4. Stephan Milijenovic, Myer; 5. Bailey Moreau, Lakeshore Catholic; 6. Jacob Bray, Welland Centennial; 7. Reese Radobenko, Centennial; 8. Braidon Moore, Notre Dame; 9. Alexander Root, Notre Dame; 10; Brett Warkentin, Niagara Christian. Top 20 south all-stars: 11. Ben Kalchman, E.L. Crossley; 12. Joaquin Zarza, Westlane; 13. Noah Harris, Stamford; 14. Ethan Van Natter, Ridgeway-Crystal Beach; 15. Philippe Angervil, Jean Vanier; 16. Ehab Sati, Centennial; 17. Christien Anderson, Westlane; 18. Victor Kariuki, Saint Paul; 19. Thomas Rigas-Di Domenico, Myer; 20. Dusan Krkljus, Saint Michael. Coaches: Anthony Haughton, Niagara Christian; Phil Mosley, Centennial; Dave Shaw, Myer.
AP Photo/Angie Wang
PHOENIX (AP) — Southern Baptists on Wednesday formally condemned the political movement known as the “alt-right,” in a national meeting that was thrown into turmoil after leaders initially refused to take up the issue.
The denomination's annual convention in Phoenix voted to “decry every form of racism, including alt-right white supremacy as antithetical to the Gospel of Jesus Christ” and “denounce and repudiate white supremacy and every form of racial and ethnic hatred as a scheme of the devil.”
Tuesday night, Southern Baptist officials who oversaw the resolutions had refused to introduce a different repudiation of the “alt-right,” which emerged dramatically during the U.S. presidential election, mixing racism, white nationalism and populism.
Barrett Duke, who leads the resolutions committee, had said the original document contained inflammatory and broad language “potentially implicating” conservatives who do not support the “alt-right” movement.
Introducing the new statement Wednesday, Duke apologized “for the pain and confusion that we created,” but said the committee had been concerned about potentially giving the appearance of hating their enemies. Duke said the committee members “share your abhorrence of racism” and were grateful for the chance to “speak on ‘alt-right' racism in particular and all racism in general.”
The resolution was adopted after a short but emotional discussion.
“We are saying that white supremacy and racist ideologies are dangerous because they oppress our brothers and sisters in Christ,” said the Rev. Russell Moore, who leads the Ethics & Religious Liberty Commission, the Southern Baptist public policy arm. “If we're a Jesus people, let's stand where Jesus stands.”
Charles Hedman of Capitol Hill Baptist Church in South Bend, Indiana, said far-right groups had been distributing racist material outside the convention hall Tuesday night. He said some pastors had told him they would have to leave the denomination if the convention failed to denounce white supremacy Wednesday.
“We must stand strong,” Hedman said. “We must all issue an apology that we didn't act on this yesterday.”
The initial proposal that Southern Baptists originally rejected came from a prominent black Southern Baptist pastor, the Rev. William McKissic of Arlington, Texas. His resolution repudiated “retrograde ideologies, xenophobic biases and racial bigotries of the ‘alt-right' that seek to subvert our government.”
After McKissic made an unsuccessful plea for reconsideration from the floor of the Phoenix meeting late Tuesday, pressure began building online and at the convention for the Southern Baptists to say something.
Several Southern Baptists were panicked, contending that silence would be misinterpreted as support for white supremacy. The denomination was formed in the 19th century in defense of slaveholders and has been trying to overcome its racist history.
A late-night call went out for convention participants to return to the assembly hall, where Steve Gaines, the president of the Southern Baptist Convention, won approval to consider a new resolution on the topic Wednesday.
“It shows we're willing to bring issues to the floor, real issues,” said Mark Croston, national director of black church partnerships for the Southern Baptist-affiliated Lifeway Christian Resources. “We're not intimidated or afraid to speak out, even though it brings up dirty laundry from the past.”
The Southern Baptist Convention, based in Nashville, is the largest Protestant denomination in the country, although its membership has been shrinking, most recently dropping to 15.2 million members.
Leaders have been trying to diversify, repeatedly condemning racism in formal resolutions from past meetings, rejecting display of the Confederate flag and electing more black officers. As of 2014, the denomination was about 85 percent white, according to the Pew Research Center.
The vote also underscored ongoing tensions among Southern Baptists whether Donald Trump, a thrice-married casino and real estate mogul, was morally fit to be president.
Moore vehemently condemned candidate Trump. At the same time, several prominent Southern Baptists, including former presidents of the denomination, signed on as evangelical advisers to the Republican's campaign. They remain among the president's most steadfast supporters.
When Trump won with 80 percent of the white evangelical vote, Moore faced a backlash within the denomination. That landslide support for Trump left black evangelicals feeling alienated and disappointed given their concerns about Trump's past treatment of blacks, his rhetoric about Mexicans and his promised policies.
—-
Zoll reported from New York.
Comments
comments
TAIPEI (Taiwan News) The cold air mass would continue to cover the whole country until next Wednesday Feb. 7, with temperatures hovering below 10 Celsius degrees in the north of Taiwan over the weekend, said the Central Weather Bureau (CWB).
Apart from the biting cold weather, chance of rain in northern and eastern Taiwan would remain high and the rain could last until next Friday, said the CWB.
People in the east and south of the country would also experience intermittent rain between Saturday and next Tuesday, added the CWB.
The bureau said it snowed on Yushan at dawn Saturday, and with the accumulation from previous days, the depth of the snow had been measured at over eight centimeters.
The bureau also said as temperatures continued to dip and moist persisted, mountainous areas in northern Taiwan with an altitude of over 1,000 meters, including Qixingshan and Datunshan in the Yangmingshan National Park, or in other parts of the island with an altitude over 2,000 meters were likely to see a snowfall on Saturday evening.
The bureau reminded people planning a snow-gazing trip to keep themselves warm and have their vehicle's tires wrapped with snow chains.
Over the weekend, temperatures in central Taiwan would not surpass 14 degrees and in the east, temperatures could stand at 17 degrees at the highest point, said the CWB.
CBS 2Watch CBS2 News, CBS This Morning, Dr. Phil, Judge Judy, 60 Minutes, NFL football, and your favorite CBS shows. Latest Videos Eye On New York Dining Deals Tony's Table Links & Numbers Station Info & […]
WCBS 880WCBS Newsradio 880 is one of the tri-state's most trusted sources for news and information. As a market leading news resource since 1967, WCBS reaches millions of listeners each week and boasts one of the […]
1010 WINS1010 WINS invented all news radio and is the longest-running all news station in the country. For 50 years, 1010 WINS has been a news and information utility for the New York metropolitan area. Famous […]
WFANAs the world's first 24-hour all-sports radio station, WFAN remains the premier sports talk radio station in the business. Since its debut on July 1, 1987, dozens of stations have copied the all sports format, […]
WLNYProgram Schedule Channel Guide WLNY TV 10/55 is part of the CBS Television Stations group, a division of CBS Corp. and one of the largest network-owned station groups in the country. Got a nose for […]
Have you ever had a friend or a family member go on an exotic vacation only to find yourself living vicariously through their social media posts? Well, now you can also live vicariously through a robot.
Bay area start-up Let's Robot allows users to control its robotic fleet through a chat room. Users type commands into the chat room to move the robots in a certain direction or to play around with their LED lights. You can think of it as a collaborative, interactive avatar.
"When I started, I wanted to make the world's first live, interactive show" featuring robots, says Jillian Ogle, founder and CEO of Let's Robot. She soon found that the technical infrastructure to create such a show didn't exist, so, along with the help of a few engineers, she set out to make her own.
"I started by making dungeons and labyrinths in my living room."
Let's Robot now has 10,000 active users who log in each week to tag along with the robots as they explore different environments or attempt to complete missions. Past streams have included treasure hunts and robots making party invitations. According to the company's Twitch page, live streams take place every Tuesday and Thursday from 1 to 3 p.m. PST. A list of upcoming events includes making Jill a sandwich and painting with
A list of upcoming events includes making Ogle a sandwich and painting with Bob Ross.
Let's Robot operates using an open API, so anyone can make their own robot and integrate it with the platform. However, Ogle says the company also hopes to develop a consumer version to sell to individuals who may not be robotics savvy.
Senate President Aquilino “Koko” Pimentel III on Friday disclosed six of his unofficial choices for the senatorial slate of the ruling Partido Demokratiko Pilipino-Lakas ng Bayan (PDP-Laban) in the 2019 congressional election, all of them from political families and three of them former members of a rival political party.
Pimentel, who is also PDP-Laban president, said that six of the party's “Magic 12” could include himself, House Majority Leader Rodolfo Fariñas, Negros Occidental Rep. Alfredo Abelardo Benitez, Bataan Rep. Geraldine Roman, Davao City Rep. Karlo Nograles and former Metropolitan Manila Development Authority chair Francis Tolentino.
Former LP allies
ADVERTISEMENT
But the list is still unofficial and includes only his “personal preferences,” Pimentel said, adding that filling up the 12-member slate was still “a developing (and)/evolving” matter, and that he had yet to discuss the issue personally with the prospective candidates.
Before moving to PDP-Laban, Benitez, Roman and Tolentino were allies of the Liberal Party (LP) under the Aquino administration.
Roman's mother, Herminia, represented the first district of Bataan from 2007-2016 under the LP, while third termer Benitez is the son of former Marcos Deputy Minister of Human Settlements Jose Conrado Benitez.
Nograles' father is former House Speaker Prospero Nograles, while Fariñas has been in politics since 1980 when he was elected Laoag mayor.
Tolentino's brother Abraham was a Cavite representative while his sister-in-law is the incumbent Tagaytay City mayor.
In an interview with reporters, Pimentel said his personal choices were limited to current members of PDP-Laban but that if the party could not complete the lineup, he was open to including guest candidates.
“But if we can, I am sorry but we will have to compete even with friendly forces. That's party loyalty,” he said.
Pimentel said reelectionist senators would be given priority in the slate if they joined the party, and that PDP-Laban has a standing invitation to Sen. Joseph Victor Ejercito. “We have to wait for it to happen,” he said in an earlier text message.
ADVERTISEMENT
The PDP-Laban official added that he also plans to ask House Speaker Pantaleon Alvarez to be the party's national campaign manager with the battle cry “12-0” for the senatorial slate if the latter runs unopposed in the 2019 elections.
The Senate President earlier said he would also seek reelection as he was not able to complete his first six-year term following a long drawn-out election protest against Sen. Juan Miguel Zubiri in the May 2010 elections.
Pimentel was proclaimed senator in August 2011, which meant he served only one year and 10 months of his first term. —WITH A REPORT FROM JOCELYN R. UY
A farm in Cumberland, Maine is welcoming over 50 baby goats this month and will allow people to meet them in person every weekend through Mother's Day.Sunflower Farm Creamery will be open to the public for anyone who might enjoy "cuddling a kid."for more information and to see the goats in action on from a live camera.for more stories and videos about animals.
FILE PHOTO: Darren Woods, Chairman & CEO of Exxon Mobil Corporation exits after a news conference at the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) in New York, U.S., March 1, 2017. REUTERS/Brendan McDermid
By Ernest Scheyder
DALLAS (Reuters) - Exxon Mobil Corp's chief executive said on Wednesday that he hopes the new attorney general in New York "comes to a different conclusion" than predecessor Eric Schneiderman on a climate change probe into the world's largest publicly traded oil producer.
Schneiderman, who resigned earlier this month after allegations of physical abuse by four women that he denied, had alleged Exxon withheld information about its internal climate change discussions and misled the public about what it knew. Exxon has long denied the charges.
The investigation has spread to other states, including Massachusetts, and has put Exxon squarely in the middle of the ongoing debate about fossil fuels and climate change.
CEO Darren Woods, who spoke at Exxon's annual shareholder meeting in Dallas, said he was "committed to being part of the solution on climate change."
Woods added he has not reached out to Barbara Underwood, who was appointed to replace Schneiderman. He said he was not sure if Exxon attorneys have talked to Underwood or her office.
"I'm real confident on where we stand. I hope whoever comes in steps back and takes an objective look ... and comes to a different conclusion," Woods said.
Underwood, a Democrat appointed by the New York State Legislature, has said she will not run for election to a full term this November. At least six candidates of various political backgrounds have announced their candidacies.
"Let's see what that election brings," Woods said.
New York State Comptroller Thomas DiNapoli, who oversees state pension funds that hold about 11.5 million Exxon shares, has also long criticized the company's response to climate change and voted against a slate of 10 board nominees at the company's annual meeting.
"The fund cannot support board directors who refuse to acknowledge substantial risks to Exxon's bottom line and fail to help it transition to a lower carbon future," DiNapoli said in a statement. All 10 board nominees were approved.
(Reporting by Ernest Scheyder; Editing by Cynthia Osterman)
At Gordon/Greenside: @SCCoSheriff got report of #grenades found at estate sale. 10 homes evacuated. Bomb squad working on safe disposal. pic.twitter.com/dQglq8dH30 — Katie Marzullo (@KatieABC7) March 20, 2018
It was a scary few hours in an unincorporated San Jose neighborhood after a homeowner discovered grenades in the basement of her house.The woman lives on the 300 block of Gordon Avenue, near Greenside Drive.The Santa Clara County Sheriff's Office received a call about the devices little after 4 p.m. The homeowner discovered the grenades while preparing for an estate sale.The woman organizing the sale told ABC7 News they found five grenades. She said two of them were smoke grenades and three of them were live. The women actually moved the devices before calling authorities-fortunately without incident.Sheriff's deputies blocked off streets and evacuated 10 homes while the bomb squad worked to safely detonate the devices.A loud explosion was heard shortly after 7 p.m. and deputies cleared the scene shortly after that.The estate sale representative said the homeowner had no idea how the devices ended up in her basement. The home has been vacant for two years.A spokesperson for the sheriff's office said the incident is under investigation.
LeBron James' decision to sign with the Los Angeles Lakers has led some to pit him against LaVar Ball in a battle that's only tangentially related to basketball. As the Big Baller Brand CEO sees it, there's no conflict brewing between himself and the King.
“How come we got to worry about coexisting? He's playing on the court and I'm off the court,” he said on CNN on Tuesday. “Quit worrying about me.”
LaVar blamed the media for trying to manufacture trouble between the two fathers. A minor tiff popped up last year over Ball's assertion that LeBron's kids—like those of other NBA superstars—might struggle to live up to their dad's greatness.
“They did all that negativity and he still came, so that's letting you know right there,” he continued. “Me and LeBron will get along.”
LaVar emphasized how “lucky” Lonzo Ball is to play with James, who was (and still is) his son's favorite player, and later explained why he and LeBron should see eye to eye.
“Me and LeBron got a lot in common, which is, family first, winning, grinning and having a good time playing basketball, championships,” he added.
As for Zo's budding partnership with Bron, the Big Baller sees no reason for concern that his boy might get blocked out by the biggest name is basketball.
“Nobody casts a shadow,” he said. “They just teammates.”
And LaVar and LeBron are not, which is all the more reason to bury the belief that there is bound to be animus among them that could affect Lonzo on the court.
Editor's note: Breaking views are thoughts from individual members of the editorial board on today's headlines.
Over the past week, Republican leaders and officials from the Pentagon and State Department have worked hard to scuttle an effort by Sens. Bernie Sanders, I-Vermont, Mike Lee, R-Utah, and Chris Murphy, D-Connecticut, to force a vote on American support for the Saudi war in Yemen.
Since 2015, the Saudis have committed a litany of atrocities in Yemen with American military support and American weapons.The Saudis have bombed hospitals and funerals, and blocked food and medicine to a country ravaged by food shortages and a cholera outbreak. Last year, Human Rights Watch documented one incident in which Raytheon-made weapons were used by the Saudis to kill 31 civilians and injure 42 more.
All of this has been done with American support, but no formal congressional authorization.
Sanders, Lee and Murphy seek to put an end to this unauthorized military involvement, invoking the War Powers Resolution in an effort to force a vote perhaps as early as this week.
This has prompted, among others, Defense Secretary James Mattis into pleading with congressional leaders to let the military continue without authorization. According to the New York Times, “Top Pentagon and State Department officials rushed to Capitol Hill last week to warn senators in a closed, classified briefing that approving the Senate measure could seriously damage relations with Saudi Arabia.”
Congress shouldn't let Pentagon and State Department officials dictate what they do or don't do. The Constitution unambiguously grants Congress, not the executive branch, the power in Article I, Section 8, Clause 11 to declare war. While Congress has largely ceded this responsibility in favor of blank checks to the executive branch, it's time that Congress reasserts this authority.
With S.J. Res 54, Congress has the opportunity to end American complicity in one of the worst humanitarian crises in the world today and perhaps begin the process of scaling back unauthorized American military entanglements around the word.
Americans across the political spectrum – from conservatives who actually value the U.S. Constitution to anti-war liberals – should demand an end to unauthorized U.S. military support for the Saudi war in Yemen.
American military resources should not be deployed without congressional authorization. We should not be involved in conflicts just because the executive branch and the Pentagon want to be. And we should not be involved in aiding tyrannical governments, especially when they're committing such egregious human rights violations as the Saudis are in Yemen, with or without congressional authorization.
Sal Rodriguez is an editorial writer and columnist for the Southern California News Group. He may be reached at salrodriguez@scng.com
Transcript for The Rev. Shawn Amos performs 'We've Got to Come Together'
This transcript has been automatically generated and may not be 100% accurate.
Transcript for Explosive detonates below NYC transit hub in 'attempted terrorist attack'
Approximately seven joining the below ground walkway. Which connects the ID line at 42 women a day avenue. With VI RT line at fort two point seven. And as the shuttle at Times Square and 12 and three train. Police were called to her reported explosion responding units fell and injured 27 year old male we've identified him as I Kidd love. KK KYED. New LLK Hage he had burns and wounds to his body. We're very investigation at the scene indicates this bill was wearing an improvised. Low tech explosive device attached to his body. He intentionally detonated that device. Looks like there are three other people in the immediate area all sustained minor injuries but again I Grossman talked about that. The subject was placed in custody and transported to Bellevue hospital. Immediate police response to the scene included members of the transit bureau emergency service division bomb squad. Counterterrorism. MTA police state troopers in the FBI's joint terrorist task force. In addition the NYPD strategic prescribed group critical response demand. Resigned the key transportation hubs in other locations throughout the city has diversionary measure. Is this incident was captured on transit system video. For further review and interview witnesses under way for a background investigation into eyed kid who loved being conducted by the joint terrorist task force. We're asking anyone who may have any information about this individual currency it called a terror hotline nets 88. NYC safe. Just as the governor said as the mayor said we are New Yorkers who don't live in fear. If you see something that doesn't look right Kevin obligation to come forward call 911. Flagged down a cop gives a chance to investment.
This transcript has been automatically generated and may not be 100% accurate.
Agriculture Secretary Manny Pinol is right: The think tank that warned that buying rice from local farmers during the peak harvest season would spike its prices is a paid hack.
Greedy businessmen paid the New York-based Global Source to come up with that opinion, according to the “small but terrible” agriculture chief.
Why should the government change its mind to buy rice from local farmers during the harvest season and instead import the staple just because a paid hack said so?
ADVERTISEMENT
A paid hack is not worth listening to, no matter if it gave an “objective” and well-researched analysis.
A paid hack reports on the dictates of its patrons.
It was unfair of the Armed Forces of the Philippines (AFP) to accuse an elderly couple—Constancio and Crisenta Petalco, both in their 60s—of coddling Abu Sayyaf bandits.
The couple were killed in the crossfire between government forces and the bandits in Inabanga, Bohol.
The accusation was apparently meant to cover up the stupid bungling of military and police forces.
The Petalcos were killed because they were too weak and old to run for cover.
The least the military and police could have done was to apologize for the couple's death instead of saying they were “persons of interest.”
If the government forces were not bumbling idiots or were not caught sleeping on the job, how come three of them were killed in the firefight when they had mastery of the terrain while the bandits were strangers to the place?
ADVERTISEMENT
It would have been excusable for the troops to suffer casualties—like if the firefight happened in the jungles of Sulu or Basilan—because the bandits had the run of the terrain; but the soldiers and the policemen are supposed to know every nook and cranny of the area since they're from the place.
Why the hell did the government troops still suffer that many casualties, not to mention the number of wounded, when they had mastery of the terrain?
Unless the government doesn't know how to count, three is a big number.
It's time for the government troops to change tactics vis-a-vis the New People's Army and Moro rebels because almost always they're licked in firefights with the enemy.
At the rate soldiers and policemen are getting killed, there might not be any more troops left to fight.
Unless they have the misplaced optimism of a battalion commander during the Sulu campaign in the 1970s.
When informed that his men suffered heavy casualties during a battle, that battalion commander said: “Di bale, marami pang Ilocano sa Luzon (Never mind, there are still many Ilocanos in Luzon).
Just days after the horrific massacre in Las Vegas, and just 5 miles away from the scene, a University of Nevada-Las Vegas professor told her class that President Trump is to blame.
In a video obtained by Campus Reform, UNLV Assistant Professor Tess Winkelmann is seen addressing her History 407 class.
"Professors are in a position of trust, and they're abusing it to promote their political ideology."
Referring to Trump, Winkelmann noted that “when he got elected, I told my classes three semesters ago, some of us won't be affected by this presidency, but others are going to die. Other people will die because of this.”
[RELATED: Prof: ‘People are going to die' because of white Trump voters]
“I don't know whether these events would have inevitably happened whether or not he got elected, but he has the same rhetorical powers every president has, to encourage or discourage,” she continued. “So far, all he has done is to encourage violence.”
Winkelmann also charged President Trump with equating “right nationalism” with “anti-racism,” referring to the president's comments on the violence in Charlottesville, VA.
She then asserted that Trump has “threatened nuclear violence against North Korea, and other places,” proclaiming that “words, especially coming from someone who is the President, have consequences.”
Some students weren't happy with Winkelmann's comments.
One UNLV student, who spoke with Campus Reform on condition of anonymity, called the speech a “politically-driven rant” to make the point that “President Trump somehow incited this violence.”
[RELATED: Prof: Trump's election an ‘act of terrorism']
“We just experienced one of the worst mass shootings in U.S. History. It's a mile [sic] away, and we don't know what happened, we don't know why it happened, and we're pushing political agendas, and that's what this is about, taking advantage of the situation for political belief, when we should be uniting, healing as a community,” the student remarked.
“At every chance the President got, he condemned this violence. The professor is taking away from the dialogue that should be happening to attack the President,” the student added. “Professors are in a position of trust, and they're abusing it to promote their political ideology or agenda. I think it's dangerous when you blame the President for a massacre, and basically shut down students who disagree.”
“I think it is despicable that a professor at an institute of higher learning, one that is located in the same city in which this attack occurred, would use her platform to spew such hatred and divisive rhetoric,” agreed another student, who also wishes to remain anonymous.
The second student did, however, say the incident was not entirely surprising because “this professor had previously made comments in opposition to Trump.”
Campus Reform reached out to Assistant Professor Tess Winkelmann, but did not receive a response in time for publication.
Follow the author of this article on Twitter: @rMitchellGunter
Fishing on a diversified fishery brings moments of excitement along with utter disappointment. After recently fishing a Bassmaster College Series event on Cherokee Lake in Tennessee, the different habits of smallmouth bass, largemouth bass and spotted bass were made evident.
DAYTON, Tenn. (WATE) – A Rhea County couple has been charged with aggravated child abuse after investigators say they kept a 5-year-old with a mental disability harnessed to the floor.
Detectives with the Rhea County Sheriff's Office told WTVC-TV the mother, Monica Hall, and her boyfriend, Dennis Couch, used a medium-sized dog harness attached to a man's belt and fastened with electrical tape. It was then attached to a bolt on the floor.
The sheriff's office says they were alerted to the case via a child abuse hotline. A family friend had told Hall they would call police if she didn't stop using the harness.
Det. Rocky Potter told the Chattanooga TV station they would put the child in the harness for hours at a time and had been doing so for the last three months.
“There was a very distinct reaction when he saw me hold the harness,” Potter said to WTVC. “Fear. It was fear.”
Potter said the child is not verbal and can only string together a few words at a time. Two other children were living in the home at the time. All three have been removed from the home and are staying with relatives.
Couch also faces several drug charges. The couple is scheduled to appear in court on August 4.
Carlos Gomez provided some Fourth of July fireworks in the Tampa Bay Rays' dugout Wednesday, destroying a water cooler in a display of frustration after striking out in Wednesday's game against the Marlins.
The Rays had runners at first and second with no outs in the second inning when Gomez squared to bunt on an 0-1 pitch from Marlins right-hander Jose Urena.
The ball appeared to hit Gomez's right hand, but plate umpire Chris Segal called it a foul ball, saying that Gomez had offered at the pitch. Gomez struck out on the next pitch and appeared to say something briefly to Segal as he headed to the dugout.
Once in the dugout, Gomez smashed a small rectangular cooler with his bat. He then punched a larger cooler.
Gomez, 32, is struggling through a rough season with the Rays. He entered Wednesday's game with a career-worst .198 batting average.
Russia has deployed a cruise missile in violation of a Cold War-era arms control treaty, a Trump administration official said Tuesday, a development that complicates the outlook for U.S.-Russia relations amid turmoil on the White House national security team.
The Obama administration three years ago accused the Russians of violating the 1987 Intermediate-Range Nuclear Forces Treaty by developing and testing the prohibited cruise missile, and officials had anticipated that Moscow eventually would deploy it. Russia denies that it has violated the INF treaty.
U.S. intelligence agencies have assessed that the missile became operational late last year, said an administration official, who wasn't authorized to publicly discuss the matter and demanded anonymity.
The deployment may not immediately change the security picture in Europe, but the alleged treaty violation may arise when Defense Secretary Jim Mattis attends his first NATO meeting in Brussels on Wednesday. It also has stirred concern on Capitol Hill, where Sen. John McCain, the Senate Armed Services Committee chairman, called on the Trump administration to ensure U.S. nuclear forces in Europe are ready.
"Russia's deployment of nuclear-tipped ground-launched cruise missiles in violation of the INF treaty is a significant military threat to U.S. forces in Europe and our NATO allies," McCain, R-Ariz., said in a statement Tuesday. He said Russian President Vladimir Putin was "testing" Trump.
Trump's White House is in a difficult moment, with no national security adviser following the forced resignation Monday night of Michael Flynn. Flynn is accused of misleading Vice President Mike Pence about contacts with a Russian diplomat while President Barack Obama was still in office.
The New York Times, which was first to report the missile deployment, said the Russians have two battalions of the prohibited cruise missile. One is at a missile test site at Kapustin Yar and one was moved in December from the test site to an operational base elsewhere in the country.
The State Department wouldn't confirm the report. It noted that last year it reported Russia was in violation of its treaty obligations not to possess, produce or flight-test a ground-launched cruise missile with a range of between 500 and 5,500 kilometers, or to possess or produce launchers for such missiles.
"The administration is undertaking an extensive review of Russia's ongoing INF treaty violation in order to assess the potential security implications for the United States and its allies and partners," State Department spokesman Mark Toner said.
John Tierney, executive director of the Center for Arms Control and Non-Proliferation, said strategic stability on the European continent is at stake.
"If true, Russia's deployment of an illegal ground-launched cruise missile represents a very troubling development and should be roundly condemned," Tierney said.
Sen. Tom Cotton, an Arkansas Republican, sees little reason for the U.S. to continue adhering to the INF treaty, in light of Russia's violations. He has recommended building up U.S. nuclear forces in Europe, which currently include about 200 bombs that can be delivered by aircraft. The U.S. withdrew land-based nuclear-armed missiles from Europe as part of the INF deal.
The treaty has special significance in the recent history of arms control agreements. Signed in December 1987 by President Ronald Reagan and Soviet leader Mikhail Gorbachev, it has been credited with helping accelerate an end to the Cold War and lessening the danger of nuclear confrontation. It stands as the only arms treaty to eliminate an entire class of U.S. and Russian weapons — nuclear and conventional ground-launched ballistic and cruise missiles of intermediate range.
The Obama administration had argued for maintaining U.S. compliance with the treaty while urging the Russians to halt violations. At the same time, the Pentagon developed options to counter Russian cruise missile moves, some of which would have involved bold military action.
At his Senate confirmation hearing in February 2014, Ash Carter, who headed the Pentagon until last month, said disregard for treaty limitations was a "two-way street," opening the way for the U.S. to respond in kind. He called Russia's violations consistent with its "strategy of relying on nuclear weapons to offset U.S. and NATO conventional superiority."
The Clippers looked exhausted Sunday. Their legs looked heavy. Their arms, too.
It's been a long, difficult run to reach this point in 2017-18, and no one can say they didn't push it to the limit, fighting through injuries, absorbing a blockbuster trade at midseason, battling with determined competition and emerging as a playoff contender in the chaotic Western Conference.
The Clippers looked fatigued during and after a 122-109 loss Sunday to the Portland Trail Blazers at Staples Center. Their third consecutive loss dropped them into 10th place in the conference standings, two games out of the eighth and final playoff position with 13 regular-season games to play.
They vowed to fight to the finish, but how much fight is left in them?
“I don't want to hear, ‘I'm tired,'” Clippers guard Austin Rivers said before the team left for a four-game trip that begins Tuesday. “Everyone's tired. I'm exhausted when I'm playing out there. So is everybody else. We are in a different situation. We have three or four guys who have been injured.”
In fact, the Clippers will be without guards Patrick Beverley and Avery Bradley because of season-ending knee and abdominal surgeries, respectively, and forward Danilo Gallinari, who is sidelined indefinitely by a fractured right hand.
At one point earlier in the season, the Clippers were without four of their opening-night starters because of injuries. They lost nine consecutive games at one point and were thought to be too down and too out to rally for a seventh consecutive playoff appearance.
The Clippers rallied, though. They rose as high as seventh place before falling back last week.
“You play hard and give yourself opportunities,” said guard Lou Williams, who has come off the bench to score 30 points or more 11 times this season, the most by a reserve in the NBA since Ricky Pierce had 17 games with 30 or more in 1989-90 with the Milwaukee Bucks.
“There's no science to it,” he added.
Six of their next seven games are on the road, starting with Tuesday's visit to the Target Center to face the eighth-place Minnesota Timberwolves. They conclude the regular season with home games in five of their final six, including their finale against the Lakers on April 11.
“We've just got to go hoop, man,” Rivers said. “Just go have fun. We've got to go out there and have fun and compete and let things come. You can't ease into things anymore. There are 13 games left and we've got to understand that. We do have to have a sense of urgency.
“But at the same time, I don't want us to be in panic mode. Let's just go hoop. Just take it game-by-game. I'm just looking at Minnesota. I don't know who we play after that. I don't really care. We've got to beat Minnesota. Then after that, the next team. Then after that, the next team.
“It's a big-time stretch for us.”
The Clippers also play the Milwaukee Bucks, Indiana Pacers and Toronto Raptors on their trip. They return home to host the Bucks before hitting the road again to play the Phoenix Suns and the Trail Blazers. The Suns are the only opponent among the six that's not in the playoff picture.
“Listen, it's hard, we're short-handed, this trip is tough, but I guarantee you ‘Thibs' isn't telling Minnesota, ‘The poor Clippers, we got to take it easy on them,'” Clippers coach Doc Rivers said, referring to Timberwolves coach Tom Thibodeau by his nickname.
“They're going to be ready. It's a huge game for us. It's a huge game for them. Then after that, each team you play, it's a big game for them. It should be something you enjoy. Enjoy this thing because it's great. I love it. We've just got to be ready to play.”
The Fourth of July, Independence Day, is a good time not only for hot dogs and fireworks, but to reflect for a moment on what makes this country unique, the qualities that enabled it to become in some ways the most successful country in history, and to contemplate the extent to which those qualities still animate Americans.
It has been said that the United States is the only country founded on an idea, or a set of ideas, rather than on ethnic or racial similarities, kinship, conquest or the simple fact of a relatively homogeneous group of people living in the same geographic region for centuries. Those ideas are summed up in the Declaration of Independence, the document whose signing and promulgation we celebrate. In some ways it can lay claim to being the most revolutionary public document in human history.
Aspects of the idea that people are not just vassals of the powers that be, interchangeable cogs in the great machinery of society presided over by leaders who had by and large established themselves through conquest and pillage, had been growing for centuries before 1776. But the circumstances surrounding the decision of the colonists to separate from Great Britain offered the opportunity to summarize emerging principles in a uniquely eloquent manner.
“We hold these truths to be self-evident,” the Declaration proclaims, “that all Men are created equal, that they are endowed by their Creator with certain unalienable Rights, that among these are Life, Liberty, and the Pursuit of Happiness.” By “created equal,” of course, the founders were not so naïve as to believe that we were all equally tall, intelligent, beautiful or worthy, but that we have equal value in the sight of God or Natural Law and should receive equal treatment rather than preferences or punishment based on our status from government. Every human being has a certain inherent dignity, and decent people respect that.
It has become fashionable to talk of certain privileges or amenities bestowed by government as “rights,” but the Declaration is clear that people are “endowed by their Creator,” with certain rights, and that these rights exist prior to and take precedence over any claims by government. This was and still is truly revolutionary. The rights discussed — life, liberty and the pursuit of happiness — are genuine rights in that they can be exercised without impinging on the equal rights of other human beings.
So what is government's job in a system that recognizes unalienable rights? Simply “to secure these rights.” This implies a government of limited powers, for a government of unlimited powers will surely become a threat to rather than a securer of personal rights.
Our government has grown in scope, power and ambition far beyond the imaginings of those who put their lives on the line (and, in some cases, lost them) by signing the Declaration of Independence. Yet the spirit of independence, the healthy distrust of overweening government power, remains a stubborn American characteristic. Long may it thrive.
This editorial was written for July 4, 2009.
Transcript for The stars of 'Pretty Little Liars' open up about the final season
girls because I don't want them to leave. "Pretty little liars" gearing up for the final episode of the series. It is starting tonight and seven years after the show began, a lot of questions. A lot of questions still unanswered. Uh-huh. It is great to have Lucy, Ashley, troian and shay here with us again. Thank you y'all. Just much respect and admiration after seven years. I mean that sincerely and you have been good to us over the years. You've been good to us. Right back at you so tell me, hmm, what does it feel like that it's coming to an end Lucy. So strange. It's really bizarre. I mean, we wrapped filming in October and -- but we still knew we had this week of press to promote so this is sort of our lat shebang like our last time being together for awhile so it's very weird and now about the time we go back to filming in our hiatus normally. Can you put it in three words, the finale. I'll treat and use a high fin, game-changing. Hey. Got it. Way to go. Romantic. Yes. And shocking is good too. Shocking. This is kind of like the love letter to the fan, a wrap-up. You guys have been so good to us. You know. So, would you like to see a little sneak peek? Here you go. We haven't seen this one yet. I haven't seen this. Let's see a bit. I still we still throw it in the fireplace, throw brandy over it and flambe it. Jenna wouldn't have been able to build it. Spencer, Mary drake is a liar. My mom will prove that when she gets home tomorrow. Since you're on a first name basis with the detective why don't we just turn this thing over to him. Well, you know how that works. If we turn this in to the police it'll blow up before we even get it into the car. He wants us to play. No way. He wants to play with us. All right. And edge of my seat. On the edge of my seat watching that. Yes. Association Ashley and Sasha, if we were to check in with your characters five years from now where would you want them to be? Goodness. I don't know. I always say that I'd want Hannah to become this huge fashion mogul and in France somewhere. Like Anna wintour. Like running her own company and magazine in Paris. And for you -- Sounds like the dream. It does. I don't know, Alison, I think she became a strong wheat woman which I loved and -- but I really like the way we endeds her character so I can't really spoil it too much but you saw that she was pregnant, right? That was kind of the last thing she is pregnant. So, yeah, you do. -- Oh, my gosh. We have fear of releasing -- I got hot in my body. We're sweating. We're glad to be over. What? We all announced it. For all of this secret keeping because we've been like -- it's stressful for us. Yes. You know what, you guys are giving us an example of what it must be like behind the scenes. What was the most fun being together and when the camera wasn't rolling and just -- We laugh a lot. Yeah. Yeah. We laugh a lot. For such a serious show, it's the complete opposite off set. We're always laughing. Hard for us to keep a straight face. That was completely different, yeah. What's with the tattoos? You were a little scaredly cat about it. I was. For these girls I'd do anything but a tattoo wasn't, you know -- of course, and, yeah, I'm happy about it. Just wasn't happy in the moment. A little painful. One of your super fan, only a little time left. Your question. Did you take anything as a souvenir from set. I did actually. I took there's a poster in Ezra's old apartment and it is now hanging in my living room because I thought I would look the cartoon girl in the poster. I thought I did. I don't know if I did. It's now in my home. Yeah, yeah. I stole a bunch of Spencer's jeans. A couple swim caps and bathing suits for sure. Anybody else wants to Fess. I'm getting a yellow shirt. Classic that I supposedly died in. Getting a call from Warner brother, bring it back. 13 copies. They can spare one. Well, I hope we could bring all of you back. Thank you, again, and I know -- Great things, great things for each and every one of you and just cherish this time because we certainly have and "Pretty little liars" tonight 8:00 P.M. Eastern on freeform. We'll be right back.
This transcript has been automatically generated and may not be 100% accurate.
Jacob Rees-Mogg says that if Number 10 pursues remaining in the single market for goods and regulatory alignment, that is “not Brexit” and will mean we have nothing to offer other countries in terms of trade deals. He says it would be contrary the Tory manifesto. And he says he took 50 Tory MPs to see the chief whip this morning to protest…
“Are you reassured by what he has had to say?” @afneil asks @Jacob_Rees_Mogg about chief whip ‘s role in #Brexit talks #bbcdp pic.twitter.com/HPFxWHJiKO — BBC Daily Politics and Sunday Politics (@daily_politics) July 4, 2018
He says he is still backing May…
BUENOS AIRES, Argentina (AP) — President Mauricio Macri said Monday that government employees in Argentina won't receive pay raises this year as part of a string of measures aimed at cutting spending.
Macri also announced the elimination of 1,000 "political positions" and the firing of family members appointed as advisers by government ministers. The measure is expected to save the government about $75 million.
Macri came into office in December 2015 promising to revive Argentina's economy and fight entrenched corruption. Although he is credited with ending a longstanding dispute that returned Argentina to global credit markets after more than 14 years, he has struggled to attract badly needed foreign investment.
At home, the government's austerity move comes just as Argentines are facing increases in fuel, utilities and transportation costs that have harmed Macri's popularity ratings. His government also faced violent protests in December over a pension overhaul bill that was ultimately approved by Congress.
"If Argentines chip in, all of us who are part of politics must make twice the effort and lead by example," Macri said at the presidential palace after returning from Europe, where he met with potential investors.
The pay freeze and other moves are expected to have a limited impact on the annual budget. But Macri said he hopes it can be followed by mayors and governors to reduce Argentina's high deficit.
Tuesday - Thundery showers mainly over northern and eastern Singapore in the afternoon.
Wednesday - Late morning and early afternoon thundery showers.
Transcript for FBI director sends video message to rank and file inside agency after classified memo release
In the meantime, Jon, this move by the president is not sitting well inside the FBI. Now ignoring concern from his new FBI director, and tonight, the personal message from that FBI director, Christopher WRAY, sent to his rank in file late today. Here's ABC's chief justice correspondent, Pierre Thomas, with what we have learned tonight. Reporter: Tonight, ABC news has learned that many in the FBI are fuming after President Trump ignored the warning from the FBI and his own handpicked FBI director after they went public with, quote, grave concerns about the memo's release." And late today, FBI director Chris WRAY taking the raretep of sending a video message to the FBI rank and file. We have learned he told them, quote, we stay laser-focused on doing great work, even when it's not easy, because we believe in the FBI. Law enforcement sources tell ABC news that senior FBI officials consider the intelligence memo to be deeply flawed for cherry picking information and clearly political. They say it omits multiple other pieces of intelligence not just the dossier, that led to that warrant being issued to monitor Carter page. Tonight, a Democrat on the house intelligence committee says what this is is obvious, an attempt to undermine Robert Mueller's investigation of possible collusion and obstruction of justice. I have seen the evidence. I have not seen a shred of evidence that would suggest that there's been an abuse in the Russia investigation. But what I do see is attempt after attempt to go after Bob Mueller and his team. And tonight, the 13,000-member FBI agents association is also taking a stand. Quote, FBI agents have not and will not allow partisan politics to distract us from our solemn commitment to our mission. And former FBI Reporter: And former FBI director James Comey, fired by President Trump, tweeting of the memo's contents "That's it?" "Dishonest and misleading." Judge would a distraught Pierre, the president's own attorney general, Jeff sessions in the middle of all this showing support for his deputy attorney general, rod Rosenstein, and tonight is under fire from the president. Reporter: That's right, David. Sessions and Rosenstein were both at a justice department conference today, and sessions said Rosenstein symbolizes the kind of quality and leadership his department needs, David. Pierre Thomas, thank you.
This transcript has been automatically generated and may not be 100% accurate.
ROME (AP) — In Italy's general election campaign, Rome's uncollected garbage has become fodder for politicians — and at least one pig.
The capital's dirty streets, lined with brimming-over, nasty-smelling garbage bins, are providing a handy way to trash the performance of Mayor Virginia Raggi, arguably the most high-profile office-holder of the 5-Star Movement. The populist party is leading in opinion polls and chasing its first premiership in the March 4 vote.
The fact that Raggi isn't running in that race hasn't stopped leaders of rival parties from recycling the city's chronic trash problem into a campaign trail issue. So when a pig was seen rooting through a pile of garbage bags along a Rome street earlier this month, rivals gleefully grabbed the opportunity.
Ex-premier Matteo Renzi, whose own Democratic Party has taken quite a drubbing in recent opinion polls, evoked the she-wolf, associated with the legend of ancient Rome's founding. He quipped that "before, there was the wolf, now there's the pig as Rome's symbol to the world."
Right-wing leader Giorgia Meloni, a partner in a conservative electoral alliance with former Premier Silvio Berlusconi posted a photo of the pig on Facebook, its snout poking through mounds of garbage. Her comment: "This is what Rome is."
Miffed, the mayor told reporters at City Hall that municipal police officers had determined that the animal had wandered off from its owner.
Raggi smelled campaigning behind the trash polemics.
"Politics should be about something else," Raggi told reporters at a news conference called to unveil the city's pilot recycling program.
In the days following the pig incident, however, some residents in Rome noted a flurry of cleanup efforts, including street-cleaning trucks and new containers to replace decrepit, stinky recycling bins.
In Raggi's defense, Rome seems to be eternally lurching from one garbage emergency to the next, irrespective of who is in charge. Trash pileups have plagued at least two previous administrations, one left-leaning and the other right-wing.
Citizens have staunchly opposed new dumps or waste-treatment facilities in their neighborhoods. Making matters worse, municipal trash collection agency AMA has been dogged by scandals and hampered by scarce funds to purchase new, modern equipment.
But this latest crisis is particularly bad timing for the 5-Stars. When the election date was announced in late December, trash collectors were overwhelmed by tons of waste from holiday merrymaking. Some streets saw no garbage trucks for days.
Italy's Emilia Romagna region, led by a Democratic Party governor, offered to take tons of garbage off Rome's hands for several weeks following Christmas. 5-Star politicians declared that Rome didn't need such a rescue, and, citing high costs of transporting the garbage far away, the city nixed the offer.
Last fall, Rome also launched a pilot program to encourage more recycling in the Old Ghetto neighborhood, where ancient narrow alleys and claustrophobically close apartment buildings make garbage collection a particular challenge.
AMA president Lorenzo Bagnacani claimed satisfied locals told city officials: "This looks like Switzerland."
As well as the trash issue, Raggi is under investigation in a probe stemming from the appointment of an official in her administration. And she isn't the only 5-Star mayor with problems.
In the northwestern city of Turin, Chiara Appendino, who trounced a Democratic Party incumbent to become mayor in 2016, won rave reviews in her first months. But her star, too, has dulled.
Auditors recently refused to handle Turin's books because of the sorry state of the city's finances, Italian news reports said. Separately, Appendino and other officials were put under investigation in a probe of a panic-triggered stampede of soccer fans in a Turin square.
What's hard to predict is whether the mayors' stumbling will hurt 5-Star candidates for Parliament on March 4.
"The vote for the 5-Star Movement is really a protest vote against the left and the right," political analyst Franco Pavoncello told the AP in an interview. Pavoncello, who is president of John Cabot University in Rome, was skeptical poor mayoral performances would make a difference nationally.
"People don't vote for the 5-Star Movement because they really expect tremendous performance in running cities, but rather because they are rejecting the previous system," he said.
___
Frances D'Emilio is on Twitter at www.twitter.com/fdemilio
Office of Government Ethics Director Walter Shaub Jr. is calling on the chairman of House Oversight Committee to become more engaged in overseeing ethics questions in the Trump administration.
In an interview with NPR on Monday, Shaub said public inquiries and complaints involving Trump administration conflicts of interest and ethics have been inundating his tiny agency, which has only advisory power.
"We've even had a couple days where the volume was so huge it filled up the voicemail box, and we couldn't clear the calls as fast as they were coming in," Shaub said. His office is scrambling to keep pace with the workload.
But while citizens, journalists and Democratic lawmakers are pushing for investigations, Shaub suggested a similar level of energy is not coming from the House Oversight Committee, which has the power to investigate ethics questions, particularly those being raised now about reported secret ethics waivers for former lobbyists serving in the Trump administration.
Committee Chairman Jason Chaffetz, a Utah Republican, has "authority to investigate these things and compel responses, so hopefully we'll see some action from him," Shaub said.
"OGE, however, has no investigative authority, so we're limited as to what we can do if these waivers are not being released publicly," he said.
Chaffetz' office said he had no comment.
The New York Times, in collaboration with ProPublica, published a story on Saturday saying Trump has been filling the White House and federal agencies with former lobbyists, lawyers and consultants, and has been generously waiving ethics requirements without even posting the waiver information on the Government Ethics website.
But while Chaffetz has generally been quiet on Trump-related ethics issues, the public has been hammering OGE with questions and complaints.
How big is the jump in public contacts, such as calls, letters and emails? During the six months between October 2008 and March 2009, as the Obama presidency was taking shape, the OGE got 733 contacts.
During the October 2016 to March 2017 period, it got 39,105 contacts from citizens — an increase of 5,235 percent.
Comparing those same two time periods, the number of Freedom of Information Act requests — typically from journalists and public-interest groups — shot up to 280 from 39. That's an increase of 618 percent.
Shaub said that, for example, when a top Trump adviser recommended certain fashion lines on Fox & Friends, the public outcry and media interest rocketed up.
"When Kellyanne Conway had endorsed Ivanka Trump's product line, our phones rang off the hook, and they practically melted the system," he said. "This is a level of attention that we haven't seen before in terms of public interest."
Shaub said Trump is correct when he says, as he did back in January, that presidents technically are not covered by law from having conflicts of interest. "I have a no-conflict situation because I'm president," Trump said at the press conference. He added, "I didn't know about that until about three months ago, but it's a nice thing to have."
There are ethics rules that do apply to members of his administration, though. Those are the ones keeping Shaub's small staff busy, according to the director.
"When you get 39,000 calls coming into a 71-person agency, the best they can do is log the calls," he said.
The statistical analysis, comparing the Obama and Trump eras, have not previously been released. Shaub says his office is "understaffed right now," compared with the massively increased workload involving FOIA requests and the congressional requests, coming mostly from Democrats. "I've never seen anything like this," he said.
Still, the office is keeping up with the advisory work — trying to guide Trump appointees on ethics laws and suggesting solutions to conflicts of interest they may face. Other routine business, such as doing staff training or writing new guidelines, has been put on hold as the staff focuses on moving along Trump staffers, he said.
While Hollywood has had one of the worst summers for over a decade, it appears that on this side of the pond it's a very different matter.
The UK box office has hit the £1 billion mark in record time, according to figures from the Film Distributors' Association.
Box office receipts are up 6% on 2016 – that's a figure of an extra £60 million spent on movie tickets from last year.
2016's end-of-year haul was £1.3 billion, which looks set to be beaten by the end of 2017.
Number one in the 2017 box office chart currently is Disney's live-action remake of ‘Beauty and the Beast' with Emma Watson and Dan Stevens, which pulled in £72.4 million.
(Credit: Warner Bros) More
It's followed by ‘Dunkirk' (£56.3 million, 14% of its worldwide receipts), ‘Despicable Me 3' (£46.9 million), ‘Guardians of the Galaxy 2' (£41 million), and ‘La La Land' (£30.4 million).
Also in the top 10 are ‘Spider-Man: Homecoming' (£30.3 million), ‘Fast & Furious 8' (£29.6 million), ‘Sing' (£29.2 million), ‘The Boss Baby' (£29.1 million) and ‘It' (£27.5 million).
Lord Puttnam, the president of the FDA, said: “With cinemas offering uniquely memorable, pulse-quickening, out-of- home experiences, I sincerely hope audiences of every age will come out to enjoy the eclectic and exciting line-up exactly as the filmmakers intended – on the big screen.”
And things are expected to get even better, with likely massive box office hitters including ‘Star Wars: The Last Jedi', ‘Thor: Ragnarok', and ‘Justice League' still to come, along with ‘Blade Runner 2049', which should bring in some heavy footfall this weekend.
Read More:
Jared Leto to star in Hugh Hefner biopic
Blade Runner 2049 premiere cancelled after Las Vegas shooting
Oscar Pistorious family legal threat over Lifetime movie
When South Korea's president meets with North Korean leader Kim Jong-un on Friday, they'll be dining on some of Korea's most famous dishes.
Interested in North Korea? Add North Korea as an interest to stay up to date on the latest North Korea news, video, and analysis from ABC News. Add Interest
Cold buckwheat noodles from Pyongyang's famous restaurant, Okryugwan, will be served and its head chef will bring a noodle-making machine to the demilitarized zone, where it will be delivered to the House of Peace building, the location of the historic summit.
South Korea's presidential office publicly released the menu for the multi-course meal, along with envy-inducing photos.
"We have sincerely prepared (dishes) from the sea and land of South and North carrying all people's wishes towards peace," according to a statement posted on the office's Facebook page.
Here's a glimpse of what dishes will be prepared:
- Cold octopus appetizer from Tongyeong, a port at the southern tip of South Korea. It is the hometown of a famous composer, Yun I-sang, who is beloved by all Koreans.
South Korean presidential Blue House via AFP/Getty Images
- Swiss rosti with a Korean twist, in tribute to Kim's early school years spent in Switzerland.
South Korean presidential Blue House via AFP/Getty Images
- Pyeonsu dumpling made of croaker and sea cucumber from the hometown of former South Korean President Kim Dae-jung who met with Kim Jong-un's father, Kim Jong Il, for the first historic summit in 2000.
- Grilled dalgogi from President Jae-in Moon's hometown, Busan.
South Korean presidential Blue House via AFP/Getty Images
- Barbecued beef from a famous ranch in Seosan, in the western province. The founder of Hyundai gave hundreds of cows from this ranch to North Korea in the 1990s.
South Korean presidential Blue House via AFP/Getty Images
- Bibimbap made of vegetables grown inside the demilitarized zone and rice grown from former South Korean President Ro Moo-hyun's hometown in Bongha village. Ro had also met Kim's father in 2007 for the second inter-Korean summit.
South Korean presidential Blue House via AFP/Getty Images
- Steamed red snapper and catfish, a common dish during feasts for Koreans. It is to symbolize similarities between the two Koreas, the president's office said.
South Korean presidential Blue House via AFP/Getty Images
- Mango mousse dessert decorated to convey the wishes of reunification.
South Korean presidential Blue House via AFP/Getty Images
- Pine mushroom tea from the Baekdu Mountains in the far north of North Korea and citrus cake from the island of Jeju in the far south of South Korea. It represents the "the mood of peace transferring down from the North's Baekdu Mountain to the end of Jeju," the president's office said.
MANCHESTER, England (AP) — FIFA player of the year Carli Lloyd is joining English women's champion Manchester City.
After spending her entire career playing for clubs in her homeland, the United States captain signed Wednesday to play for City this spring.
The 34-year-old Lloyd is expected to rejoin the Houston Dash of the National Women's Soccer League in June, although City's statement did not mention the Texas team.
Lloyd says City is "leading the development of women's football both on and off the pitch."
Lloyd adds that "the chance to fulfil a long held ambition to test myself in a new footballing environment, as well as playing in the Champions League, is something I am relishing."
CLEVELAND (AP) — Cavaliers coach Tyronn Lue is taking a leave of absence from the team to address health issues that have included chest pains and loss of sleep.
Lue said Monday in statement that tests have offered no conclusion about what the issue is and offered no timetable for his return. The coach said he feels he needs to step away "and focus on trying to establish a stronger and healthier foundation" from which to coach the rest of the season.
"While I have tried to work through it, the last thing I want is for it to affect the team. I am going to use this time to focus on a prescribed routine and medication, which has previously been difficult to start in the midst of a season," Lue said. "My goal is to come out of it a stronger and healthier version of myself so I can continue to lead this team to the championship we are all working towards."
Associate head coach Larry Drew will run the team in Lue's absence starting with Monday's home game against Milwaukee. Drew said he received a text message from Lue at 1:30 a.m. saying, "It's your show."
LeBron James said he was informed of Lue's decision at morning shootaround, saying it was "probably well overdue."
"I knew he was struggling, but he was never not himself. He was just dealing with it the best way he could," James said. "Once he leaves the gym and goes home, there's things we don't know, but he was the same every single day even though he was going through what he was going through."
A stress-filled season for the Cavs has taken a toll on the 40-year-old Lue, who led them to the 2016 NBA championship after taking over for David Blatt midway through that season. They are 40-29, third in the Eastern Conference, and have endured roster shake-ups, injuries and other distractions as they try to return to the NBA Finals.
Now they will play without their coach.
"We all want great players, we all want the best teams, but with that comes a lot of pressure as well. And what Ty Lue has had to go through this year with that team, with the trades and the injuries and the pressure, it's unrelenting," Denver coach Michael Malone said. "So I hope that he gets healthy and is able to get back in time for the playoffs and help that team win as many games as possible."
Lue spent the second half of Cleveland's victory in Chicago on Saturday in the locker room because of an illness, the second time this season he left a game because he wasn't feeling well. The former NBA guard also sat one out against Chicago at home in December.
"We know how difficult these circumstances are for Coach Lue and we support him totally in this focused approach to addressing his health issues," general manager Koby Altman said.
Drew, who coached the second half of Saturday's game, the finale of a six-game, 11-day road trip, spoke about Lue before Monday's contest.
"He's shown the warrior that he is," Drew said. "If you had left it up to him he'd be sitting in this chair right now instead of me. That's just who he is. He doesn't want to miss games. He doesn't want to miss practices. He wants to be with the team, but there comes a point where you have to take a step back and assess things. This thing has been lingering just a little bit too long. T-Lue needs to step away and allow himself to heal before joining the team."
Drew has previous head coaching experience with Atlanta and Milwaukee.
Charlotte coach Steve Clifford also left his team to address his health this season. He took six weeks off. Medical tests revealed that the 56-year-old Clifford did not have any internal problems, but the doctor's diagnosis was the coach was suffering from severe sleep deprivation .
Just as All-Star forward Kevin Love returned from a broken hand Monday, the Cavaliers will have to go an undetermined length of time without Lue. James was asked how his absence would impact the team.
"We're going to find out," he said. "It's tough. It's like losing one of your best players, a guy that's pretty much the captain of our ship who has run the team the last three years. Everyone had to step up. We have coaches in place who are ready for that challenge. We have to do our jobs as players as well."
___
More NBA basketball: https://apnews.com/tag/NBAbasketball
Tuesday - Thundery showers mainly over northern and eastern Singapore in the afternoon.
Wednesday - Late morning and early afternoon thundery showers.
Tuesday - Thundery showers mainly over northern and eastern Singapore in the afternoon.
Wednesday - Late morning and early afternoon thundery showers.
TRI-CITIES, TN (WJHL)- Last year, the Tennessee legislature voted to phase out the state's hall income tax on earnings from stocks and bonds. It's a tax that brought in millions of dollars to local governments and now cities are looking to find money to replace that funding.
The good news, “We'll be a clean no income tax state and that's attractive to people moving from other states that are highly taxed on their income,” Johnson City Mayor David Tomita said.
But the bad news for cities, “That represents ultimately about $1 million a year of revenue to the city that we're going to have to replace somehow,” Tomita said.
“If we had to make adjustments we wouldn't do it in any particular place but just to give you an idea of the amount of money were talking about $1 million equates to about 150 percent of the senior center budget, it's about 90 percent of the youth athletics budget, and the library budget, and Bays Mountain budget,” Kingsport City Manager Jeff Fleming said.
With this kind of hit, cities are asking for more power to generate money. One top priority city leaders have told lawmakers is they want the power to put taxes in place without having to go through the state.
“Local governments would like to have the opportunity to have as much autonomy as possible rather than always relying on the state,” Fleming said.
Tomita said he would consider a prepared food tax which would be a few cents added on to your restaurant bill.
Fleming said he hopes the state finds a way to keep the city's budget whole, but if it doesn't, “One of the options would be to increase the property tax and to generate that amount of revenue that would be about six cents which to a median homeowner is about $20 a year but for a business like a large industrial business would be a quarter of $1 million a year,” Fleming said.
Cities should have an answer on what changes the state will make if any by the end of this legislative session in the spring.
Copyright 2017 WJHL. All Rights Reserved.
Apple has bought Shazam, the maker of a song-recognition app that Apple's digital assistant Siri has already been using to help people identify the music playing on their iPhones.
The companies didn't disclose the price of the acquisition announced Monday. Technology news site Recode previously reported Apple is paying about $400 million for Shazam, citing three unidentified people familiar with the deal.
Apple issued a statement describing Shazam as "natural fit" with its services. The Cupertino, California, company declined to say whether Shazam's app will still be available after the deal closes.
Siri began drawing upon Shazam's technology to answer questions about songs as part of a 2014 update to the iPhone's operating system.
Since then, Apple has launched a music streaming service that has more than 27 million subscribers.
The Latest on a shooting following a house fire south of downtown Los Angeles (all times local):
8:30 a.m.
Authorities say a 50-year-old woman was fatally shot after a house fire in Los Angeles and her son was taken into custody at the scene.
Fire Capt. Erik Scott told reporters that firefighters saw smoke billowing out of the windows of a two-story home in the Harbor Gateway neighborhood before dawn Tuesday morning. He says they extinguished the flames and gunshots rang out about 15 minutes later.
Scott says firefighters had to "shield themselves behind their own apparatus."
Los Angeles police Sgt. Frank Preciado says the suspect is believed to be the victim's son. He says the man retreated back into the house and was in a standoff with police for about two hours.
He says the suspect had a self-inflicted gunshot wound when he later surrendered to police. The suspect was in critical condition.
———
7:35 a.m.
Police say a suspect who opened fire, killing one person, after a house fire in Los Angeles appears to have suffered a self-inflicted gunshot wound.
Los Angeles police say the suspect was taken into custody after holing himself up Tuesday morning for two hours inside the burned home.
Police said one person had been killed but provided no additional details.
Firefighters were first called to the home in the Harbor Gateway neighborhood before dawn and reported hearing gunshots after knocking down the flames.
Police and sheriff's deputies had set up a perimeter and evacuated nearby homes.
———
7:05 a.m.
Los Angeles authorities say one person was fatally shot at the scene of a house fire and a suspect is in custody after holing himself up for two hours inside the burned home.
Police Officer Chris No confirmed one fatality in the shooting early Tuesday but didn't know whether the victim is a man or woman.
The Fire Department says crews heard gunshots after knocking down the flames before dawn south of downtown Los Angeles.
The gunman was taken into custody shortly before 7 a.m. Several homes in the Harbor Gateway neighborhood were evacuated as police set up a perimeter.
There are no reports of injuries to firefighters or police officers.
———
6:30 a.m.
Authorities say a suspect fired a weapon at the scene of a house fire south of downtown Los Angeles.
The Fire Department says crews heard gunshots after dousing the flames in the Harbor Gateway neighborhood early Tuesday.
Officials say the suspect then holed up inside a home. Police and sheriff's deputies have set up a perimeter and evacuated nearby homes.
Authorities have not confirmed if anyone is hurt.
HONG KONG (AP) — The China arm of Steve Wynn's casino empire said Tuesday it will comply with Macau regulators as they seek more information about sexual misconduct allegations against the Las Vegas billionaire.
Wynn Macau Ltd. said it will "fully cooperate with any requests" from authorities in Macau, the company said in a statement to the Hong Kong stock exchange.
Macau, a former Portuguese colony near Hong Kong, is the world's most lucrative casino market and the main source of profits for Wynn and other foreign gambling companies.
The statement came after Macau's gambling regulator said it was concerned about reports Wynn, 76, might have been "involved in inappropriate behavior in the United States."
Officials from the Gaming Inspection and Coordination Bureau met with Wynn Macau management on Monday to find out more about the situation, the bureau said.
The Wall Street Journal reported Friday that a number of women said they were harassed or assaulted by Wynn, and that one case led to a $7.5 million settlement with a manicurist. The company has denied the allegations.
The scandal has forced the tycoon to resign as the Republican Party's finance chairman, sent shares of Wynn Macau and its U.S.-listed parent company tumbling and drawn closer scrutiny from regulators in Massachusetts, where Wynn is building a casino.
Macau's regulator said the government of the specially administered Chinese region was concerned the casino gaming concessionaires' major shareholders, directors and principal employees in casinos might not be qualified to operate there. "Relevant regulations will be strictly enforced," it said.
Wynn operates two casinos in Macau, including a lavish $4.2 billion resort that opened in 2016. The more than three dozen casinos in the city last year raked in $34 billion in revenues.
Your daily look at late-breaking news, upcoming events and the stories that will be talked about today:
1. ISLAMIC STATE GROUP CLAIMS ATTACK ON ISTANBUL NIGHTCLUB
It is reportedly carried out in "revenge for God's religion and in response to the orders" of IS leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi.
2. FOR WHOM THE 1980S STILL HOLD RELEVANCE
Many of Donald Trump's cultural touchstones — those he'd frequently namedrop at campaign rallies and on Twitter — were at their peak in the 1980s.
3. OBAMA IN CLOSING STRETCH OF PRESIDENCY
His final days in office will be consumed by a bid to protect his health care law, a farewell speech and the ongoing handover of power to Trump.
4. MEDICARE LAUNCHES REVAMP FOR HEART ATTACKS, HIP FRACTURES
The goal of new approaches is to encourage coordination that promotes quality and contains costs.
5. WHERE CHILDREN STARVE AS WAR DRAGS ON
Yemen's children are dying of malnutrition as a conflict and a blockade imposed by a Saudi-led coalition cause food prices to soar in the Arab world's poorest nation.
6. WHO SEEKS TO PULL POT SHOPS OUT OF BANKING LIMBO
Massachusetts U.S. Sen. Elizabeth Warren is leading an effort to make sure vendors working with marijuana businesses don't have their banking services taken away.
7. ARMLESS SYRIAN BOY THRIVES IN THE U.S.
Ahmad Alkhalaf finds a new life in Massachusetts but isn't sure whether he'll be reunited with his family anytime soon.
8. CHINA STARTS 2017 ENGULFED BY SMOG
Authorities in Beijing and other cities across the nation delay dozens of flights and close highways.
9. DICK CLARK PRODUCTIONS REJECTS MARIAH CAREY'S SABOTAGE CLAIM
The productions firm is hitting back against the singer's claim it sabotaged her live performance on its "New Year's Rockin' Eve" special, saying that's "absurd."
10. KELLY, MCCOY, BAALKE LATEST TO FEEL THE NFL AX
More moves could be coming, too. Is Chuck Pagano safe in Indianapolis? Might the Saints do something with Sean Payton?
If you've been thinking “What my smart home really needs is a flying robot,” then you're in luck because that's exactly what Aevena is making. The company has a Kickstarter for its Aire, which is an Alexa-controlled robot that flies around your house monitoring for trouble or just snapping photos and video when you ask. It's essentially a cross between a security cam and drone that uses multiple sensors and cameras to detect intruders and let you remotely see what's happening. They say the Aire is quiet so it won't distract by sounding like a swarm of angry flying machines. You can check out the Aevena Aire on Kickstarter and sign up to get your own flying robot to watch over your home.
Check It Out: Want a Flying Robot to Monitor Your Home? Check Out Aevena Aire
BEVERLY HILLS, Calif (WATE) – Netflix released a study this week concerning the streaming habits of couples.
It may be hard for you to wait to watch a show with your significant other. If so, then you are not alone.
According to the streaming site, 46 percent of streaming couples have cheated. The company has discovered that over the years more people are cheating.
Netflix surveyed 30,267 people of different age groups from December 20-31, 2016 across the world. The top show that tempt customers to cheat are “Narcos,” “Stranger Things,” “Orange Is The New Black,” “House of Cards” and “Black Mirror.”
Sixty percent of customers said they would cheat more if they could get away with it. Netflix says 80 percent of cheaters are repeat offenders and 44 percent have cheated more than three times. Forty-five percent of cheaters are keeping their habits secret.
If you think your partner may have watched your favorite show on purpose, think again. Eighty-percent of cheating was unplanned. The study says 25 percent of cheating happens when the other partner is asleep.
In the study, 66 percent of culprits said “the shows are just so good we can't stop bingeing.”
Brazil and Mexico have the most cheaters with 57 and 58 percent. The most loyal couples are in the Netherlands, Germany and Poland. Seventy-three percent of customers in the Netherlands have not cheated.
If you get caught cheating in Hong Kong, your significant other may not forgive you, according to the study. Forty percent of customers in Hong Kong believe Netflix cheating is worse than committing infidelity in real life.
So the next time you finish an episode, think about if you should hit pause before temptation strikes.
Is your significant other ‘Netflix Cheating?' View as list View as gallery Open Gallery (Photo: Netflix) (Photo: Netflix) (Photo: Netflix) (Photo: Netflix) (Photo: Netflix) (Photo: Netflix) (Photo: Netflix)
Agencies, Bhopal
Congress MP and ex-Union minister Jyotiraditya Scindia will sit on a ‘satyagraha' in the Madhya Pradesh capital tomorrow in the support of farmers' demand. Mr Scindia's ‘satyagraha' comes in the wake of Chief Minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan's fast for restoration of peace in t he state. “Necessary arrangements for the ‘satyagraha' have been completed at the Dussehra Ground here.
Besides Mr Scindia, Leader of the Opposition Ajay Singh and the Congress' state chief Arun Yadav would take part in the ‘satyagraha'. People from across the state would place their views during the ‘satyagraha',” the Congress' state spokesperson JP Dhaopiya said.
Asked whether the party intended to bring the deceased peasants' kin at the ‘satyagraha' venue, he said Mr Scindia has gone to meet them in Mandsaur. Therefore, there is no plan to call them here. Mr Scindia was on his way to meet the deceased ryots' family members. However, the district administration has not provided him requisite permission. “Madhya Pradesh's farmers were agitating over their demands from June 1. On June 6, six peasants were killed in police firing in Mandsaur. Leader of the Opposition Ajay Singh and I rushed from Dindori to Mandsaur but were not allowed to meet the peasants. Likewise, Congress Vice-President Rahul Gandhi tried to reach Mandsaur but was prevented,” Mr Yadav told media here.
CHICAGO (AP) — Competitors of Chicago-based Exelon Corp. filed a federal lawsuit Tuesday opposing legislation that provides billions of dollars in subsidies to the power giant.
The legislation approved in December provides as much as $235 million per year to Exelon to keep unprofitable nuclear plants running in Clinton and the Quad Cities. More than 4 million customers of power-distributing subsidiaries ComEd and Ameren will pay more to finance the plan.
The lawsuit filed U.S. District Court in Chicago challenges the law on constitutional grounds.
Crain's Chicago Business reports (http://bit.ly/2lf0W6v ) the competitors, including Houston-based Dynegy, allege the subsidies undermine wholesale power markets that are the exclusive jurisdiction of the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission.
"It will profoundly disrupt the FERC-approved energy market auction structure and result in the transfer of hundreds of millions of dollars a year of ratepayer funds to Exelon at the expense of other generators that would have been economically viable without discriminatory subsidies," the lawsuit stated.
Exelon contends the legislation provides it similar mechanisms that have aided renewable energy development for years.
"Exelon opposes misguided and parochial efforts to block state lawmakers from taking legitimate steps to protect the environment and promote sound economic policies for their citizens," Exelon said in a statement Tuesday.
Illinois Clean Jobs Coalition is slamming the lawsuit, saying the filers want to shackle Illinoisans to higher costs and dangerous fuels of the past.
Consumer groups, including the nonprofit BEST Coalition, argue the plants aren't needed and keeping them open will cost ratepayers more anyway.
The plan, to go into effect in June, would cost 3.1 million northern Illinois customers of Exelon's power-distributing subsidiary, ComEd, an average of 25 cents more per month during the life of the plan. In central and southern Illinois, Ameren's 1.2 million customers would pay an additional 12 cents or fewer monthly, the company said.
Both companies said the increase could be less because of rate caps that Gov. Bruce Rauner, who has argued repeatedly in favor of saving jobs, insisted on in return for his support, lawmakers said.
___
Information from: CRAIN'S CHICAGO BUSINESS.
A marathon of hockey from April 6 to 9 resulted in positive memories of a lifetime for local indigenous youth.
The tournament dubbed the “Stanley Cup of Indigenous Minor Hockey” led to the EMS Midget Oilers and Elizabeth Northern Selects Pee-wee Girls teams to win gold medals at the 2017 Alberta Native Provincials held in Edmonton recently.
The 2017 Alberta Native Provincials is the largest all indigenous tournament comprised of 250 teams from communities across the province.
Our community should be proud of our local indigenous athletes and what they've accomplished as it's a first to bring home both gold medals as top teams in their divisions and the province.
The teams are comprised of local youth ages 11-18 with both teams going undefeated playing 11 games total.
The Midget Oilers went 6-0 outscoring opponents 42-7 and the Girls Northern Selects went 5-0 outscoring opponents 54-1.
The boys competed against 24 other teams in their division going 30-0 in pool play advancing to bracket play on April 8 with wins 4-2 vs. Sucker Creek, 4-2 vs. Sturgeon Lake and 3-2 vs. Kikino to win the Gold on finals on April 9.
The Pee-wee girls went 48-0 vs. Calling Lake, Alexis, Stoney Sioux and Edmonton in five games leading up to the final vs. Enoch winning Gold with a 6-1 final score.
A special thank you to everyone who supported the teams including the sponsors and to the team managers, brother and sister Chris Desjarlais and Kelly Steinhauer, and the coaches and trainers who made it all happen for these kids.
A nod to our few sponsors who also supported the teams and helped our young athletes.
Monster Energy NASCAR Cup Series: Michigan a Welcome Back for Multiple Drivers – Sunday's Pure Michigan 400 may have been a return to Victory Lane for Kyle Larson, but Michigan International Speedway gave several other drivers a warm welcome back to the front after 202 laps.
Starting with one on the podium, Erik Jones tied his best Monster Energy NASCAR Cup Series finish, coming home third behind teammate Martin Truex Jr. He capped off what was Furniture Row Racing's best overall race of the season, with both cars in the top three.
Ryan Newman restarted eighth with two laps to go and jumped up to fourth after Matt Kenseth had a tire go down in the bottom lane. The finish is Newman's fifth top-five finish of the season, tying his most since 2013, his last season with Stewart-Haas Racing.
Trevor Bayne earned a top five for the first time in 2017, using strategy to get into the top half-dozen, and a strong restart to stay there.
Chris Buescher continues a momentous month of August, finishing sixth, his fourth top-12 finish in the last seven races and his best Cup result in nearly a year.
The feel-good results continued with Austin Dillon in seventh, his first top-10 finish since winning the Coca-Cola 600 in May. Aric Almirola gabbed his best finish since his return to the sport in July, finishing 12th.
Larson may have a shiny trophy to show for it, but many exit the Irish Hills with a bright smile. Perhaps well-timed, as we head to Bristol Motor Speedway in less than a week. – Zach Catanzareti
XFINITY Series: Sam Hornish Jr. Gets Back to Victory Lane, Andy Lally Steals the Show – Whenever there is a standalone road course race in either the XFINITY Series or the Truck Series, it's bound to be a great event. This weekend was no different.
Sure, Sam Hornish Jr. dominated, leading 61 of 75 laps, but the racing was superb. Bumping, banging and paint-swapping filled the action-packed event at Mid-Ohio Sports Car Course. The No. 22 team went to Victory Lane for the second time this season, and it was the Ohio native's first victory since winning with Joe Gibbs Racing last June at Iowa Speedway.
Hornish has had two full-time opportunities in the Cup Series, but damn, this guy deserves a full ride in at least the XFINITY series. Time is not on the side of the 38-year-old, but he's awfully competitive and could turn his story into what Elliott Sadler has done in rebuilding multiple teams at the XFINITY level.
Road course ringers were out in full force on Saturday, three of them finishing in the top 10. 2011 Cup Series rookie of the year Andy Lally started from 13th, but quickly made his way to the top 10 before pitting prior to the end of stage 1. After that, he put on a show.
The No. 07 team pitted with less than 30 laps to go, and during the caution-filled final stage, Lally made his way up to as high as fourth, before finishing fifth. It's his first-career top-five finish in the three national touring divisions of NASCAR.
Prior to the fifth-place finish, the No. 07 team, owned by Bobby Dotter, had a season-high finish of 12th at Daytona, driven by Ray Black Jr. – Dustin Albino
Camping World Truck Series: Bubba Wallace Impresses at Michigan – When Kyle Busch is enters in a Truck Series race, no one actually thinks another driver will come out on top. However, Darrell Wallace Jr. thought otherwise Saturday afternoon at Michigan.
The former Roush Fenway Racing XFINITY Series driver was jobless until MDM Motorsports gave him a shot at returning to the Truck Series. In Wallace's first truck start since November 2014, he struggled with a loose truck to start the race. But by Stage 3, the No. 99 machine was up front and ultimately took home the trophy, the first in only the team's 11th contest.
As Wallace attempts to ride high on momentum off the track from publicity after his first win since 2014, he needs to keep taking advantage of each opportunity he gets. He said multiple times he would pick and choose what offers he would accept, and he made the right decision at Michigan. – Joseph Wolkin
Sports Cars: Tockwith Motorsports' ELMS Season Ends … Because of a Music Video? – This is not a joke. On Wednesday, Tockwith Motorsports announced that they will no longer compete in the European Le Mans Series or the FIA World Endurance Championship effective immediately. In addition, driver Phil Hanson has parted ways with the organization.
Why did this happen? A contract breaches. Tockwith Motorsports allowed the usage of an Audi R8 LMS Ultra that Hanson and his family own in the music video for English rapper Honey G's “Hit You With The Honey G.” They did not obtain permission from the Hansons prior to the video being shot.
Yes, it is a very bad music video starring a former contestant on the United Kingdom's version of The X Factor. However, there is a moral here that has nothing to do with the 36-year old rapper. If you have something that doesn't belong to you, you cannot do whatever you want with it.
Prior to the withdrawal, Hanson and Nigel Moore were 12th in ELMS LMP2 points. Their best finish was a fifth in the season opening 4 Hours of Silverstone in April. Their only classified finish in the WEC was 10th in class (of 25) in the 24 Hours of Le Mans in June. – Phil Allaway
AP Photo/Lynne Sladky
MIAMI (AP) — Tens of thousands of Cubans living in the U.S. are adapting to a harsh new reality: After enjoying decades of favored status dating back to the Cold War, many of them now face the same deportation risks as any other immigrants.
They feel betrayed by former President Barack Obama's administration, which in its waning days stripped away a nearly automatic path to citizenship that had been offered since the 1960s to Cubans who arrived on U.S. soil, even those who showed up without a visa. The change was part of a thaw in relations with Cuba, which also agreed to start accepting the return of more of its people who get deported.
Now some Cubans have been detained at routine appointments with immigration officials, and many more fear they could be imperiled by old deportation orders or caught up in the increased arrests of non-citizens pursued by President Donald Trump's administration.
“I wasn't prepared for any of this. How could I have seen this coming?” said Maykel Vargas, a Cuban who spent three months in detention after immigration officials took him into custody when he was trying to renew a temporary document. “I don't know what is going to happen.”
Anticipation is mounting about a White House announcement on Cuba planned for Friday and how it may affect business deals and leisure travel. But experts agree that Trump's new policy is not expected to restore previous immigration privileges. Any changes open the possibility that the Cuban government could scale back commitments on migration agreements, including promises to take back deportees.
Vargas, 37, worked as an Uber and Lyft driver to provide for his sister, who is single and pregnant. He said he couldn't afford the $700 required to apply for permanent residency, a much more complex process. He continues fighting deportation after being released Monday with an ankle monitor.
Hermes Vigoa, 46, wasn't even nervous when he showed up at an immigration office in Miami earlier this year to renew a temporary document he needed for his driver's license and car insurance while he completed the permanent-residency process.
He arrived in the U.S. two years before Obama canceled to fast-track citizenship system. Cubans still have a path to residency if they find a way to arrive in the U.S. with a visa, but Obama ended the open-arms treatment to curb a recent immigration surge mostly through the Mexico border.
“I thought everything was fine until an officer told me, ‘You are in limbo' and told my girlfriend to take all my stuff because I was being detained,” Vigoa said. He was detained for a month before he was released, without explanation, to continue seeking a green card.
Immigration officials did not respond to requests for information on these cases.
Officials say more than 36,000 Cubans currently face deportation orders. About 29,000 are convicted criminals and 7,000 non-criminal immigration violators, according to Immigration and Customs Enforcement.
Two other Cubans who were taken into custody last month after being here for decades are getting the attention of elected officials. They arrived as children in the famous Mariel boatlift in 1980, when Cuba's then-President Fidel Castro allowed the departure of anyone who wanted to leave the Communist nation. About 125,000 “marielitos” crossed the Florida Straits that year.
Both men have criminal convictions but insist they have turned their lives around.
In 1984, the nations agreed on a list of 2,746 Cubans who were alleged criminals and could be returned to the island. When the U.S. abandoned the “wet foot, dry foot” policy in January, the two nations agreed that the list could be revised to add other Cuban “marielitos” who were subject to active deportation orders.
Rudy Blanco was 8 when he was brought from the port of Mariel by his parents in 1980. He now has a family and owns a home-remodeling business in Perry, Florida. But because he was convicted of attempting to sell cocaine in 1998, he wasn't allowed to become a U.S. citizen and instead received an order of deportation by mail in 2005.
Blanco was allowed to stay as long as he made routine visits to ICE. However, he was arrested on May 9 and is now awaiting deportation. An ICE spokeswoman said only that the agency intends to deport him based on the 2005 order.
Blanco's wife, Shelly, said that both Florida Sen. Marco Rubio and the family's congressman, Rep. Neal Dunn, have told her they are trying to gather information on the case. Both men are Republicans.
Colorado Gov. John Hickenlooper, a Democrat, pardoned another Cuban immigrant for an armed robbery committed 19 years ago, in an effort to stave off his deportation. Rene Lima-Marin, 38, arrived as a toddler in the boatlift and 20 years later received a deportation order after his conviction.
Apart from the Mariel list, Cuba has agreed to review deportations on a case-by-case basis. Fifty-seven Cubans have been deported since October, while 335 were arrested between Jan. 22 and April 29.
Susan Eckstein, a sociology professor at Boston University, argues that Cubans' immigration privileges should end to make immigration policy more equitable for all foreign nationals.
“I would be very surprised if Trump changes Obama's policy because it is so consistent with his stance on immigration in general,” she said.
Comments
comments
WASHINGTON (AP) — As people gear up for the "Black Panther" movie, Ta-Nehisi Coates wants them to check out the original source, Marvel's Black Panther comic book, where he's booting up a massive outer space adventure for the king of Wakanda.
The award-winning author and journalist, in an interview with The Associated Press, predicted that the Black Panther movie would "be the best Marvel film so far."
"(But) if people want something that they can be deeply involved in, if people want something that raises questions that extend out of the comic book and into the real world, if people want to see some amazing high-tech (stuff), this is a good jumping on point," said Coates, now in his second year writing the adventures one of the first comic books heroes of color for Marvel.
The Black Panther is the alter-ego of T'Challa, the leader of Wakanda, a technologically-advanced (but make-believe) African country. A longtime ally and one-time member of both the Avengers and the Fantastic Four, T'Challa uses his wealth, inventions, and country's resources to battle against evil from both inside and outside his country's borders while serving as the head of the government.
The character got a boost as a supporting character in 2016's "Captain America: Civil War." The much-hyped movie "Black Panther," starring Chadwick Boseman as the eponymous superhero, opens on February 16, picking up the adventures of the African king and superhero.
Coates said he's seen parts of next month's movie helmed by "Fruitvale Station" and "Creed" director Ryan Coogler, and calls the director a "superior filmmaker" and a "once-in-a-generation talent."
"Black people have not really had avatars out there like that they can identify with, and Panther is the biggest one right now," Coates said. "I think what Ryan is going to do in terms of how this is going to look is going to blow people away ... It feels like thematically a natural tie."
Coates wrote his first Black Panther comic book in 2016 but the series is getting a new start in April with a story line called "The Intergalactic Empire of Wakanda," where T'Challa discovers some of his Wakandan subjects have colonized alien planets in his name and created a civilization where he's almost worshipped as a god.
"This is not even just about T'Challa being in space or the idea of Wakanda in space. There have been core questions about kings, responsibly and morality that have extended throughout the book," he said. "There have been core questions especially this year about the nature of divinity and gods and this Intergalactic Empire is an extension of that."
Coates is best known for his political and social commentary. He won the National Book Award last year for "Between the World and Me," an anguished meditation on police violence against blacks. He also released "We Were Eight Years in Power," which collects his writings about Obama, last year.
Earlier this month, Coates deleted his widely followed Twitter accounted; it followed after criticism from activist Cornel West became a hot and much debated topic on social media.
Coates said he feels his departure from Twitter is akin to getting out of a dysfunctional relationship.
"I miss it, but Twitter is that bad girlfriend I had to catch in bed with two dudes in order to leave, that I knew was a bad girlfriend before that, that I knew I should have left, so I did and I'm gone and I'm glad she's out of my life," he said.
Coates is also not interested in talking about West.
"I wish Cornel the best. It's the 25th anniversary of his book, 'Race Matters' and I don't really want to do anything that would overshadow the work that he's doing. I also don't want to do anything to overshadow the work I'm doing," he said.
___
Online:
http://ta-nehisicoates.com/
___
Jesse J. Holland covers race and ethnicity for The Associated Press. Contact him at jholland@ap.org, on Twitter at http://www.twitter.com/jessejholland or on Facebook at http://www.facebook.com/jessejholland. You can read his stories at AP at http://bit.ly/storiesbyjessejholland . He is also the author of a number of non-fiction and fiction books, including "Black Panther: Who Is The Black Panther?" which is a novel based on the Black Panther character.
More Related Stories
Women's Weekly | Parenting 7 Photos You Should Never Post Of Your Child Snapping and sharing pictures of our adorable kids is one of the highlights of motherhood, but some shots should still...
Women's Weekly | Dapur With Love Spanish Tortilla Serves 4-6 Prep and cook 45 mins INGREDIENTS 60ml extra virgin olive oil 400g potatoes, peel and chop into 1.5-cm...
Her World | All About Her Getting to Know Siti Kasim She's known to be controversial in her actions, but who is Siti Kasim and what is her vision for Malaysia....
“If Grant Shapps has got 30 people signing his petition then Diane Abbott must be doing the adding up.”
Ai.Type has leaked user data for some 31 million customers, according to Kromtech Security Center. In a blog post at Kromtech's MacKeeper site, the company said the user data was exposed—rather than hacked—most likely by misconfiguration of a MongoDB database.
Ai.Type Data Leak
Kromtech found user data from some 31,293,959 users of Ai.Type keyboard replacements for both Android and iOS on the Internet. According to the blog post, that data included:
Phone number, full name of the owner, device name and model, mobile network name, SMS number, screen resolution, user languages enabled, Android version, IMSI number (international mobile subscriber identity used for interconnection), IMEI number (a unique number given to every single mobile phone), emails associated with the phone, country of residence, links and the information associated with the social media profiles (birth date, title, emails etc.) and photo (links to Google+, Facebook etc.), IP (if available), location details (long/lat).
In addition, the firm found 6,435,813 records, “that contained data collected from users' contact books, including names (as entered originally) and phone numbers” of contacts scraped from users' devices.
There's more in the full blog post, but the long and the short of it is that these users are utterly exposed.
Ai.Type
Ai.Type is an Israeli firm whose keyboard replacements leverage machine learning to make them better. They feature word prediction, emoji suggestions, customized layouts, and more. The company's keyboard replacements have been popular, especially on Android, and they were one of the early comers to iOS when Apple opened up to keyboard replacements.
iOS apps include:
Benedict XVI, who resigned as pontiff in 2013, has celebrated his 90th birthday with a mug of beer and the company of visitors from his native Bavaria in Germany.
Photos by the Vatican newspaper L'Osservatore Romano of the celebration showed Benedict sipping a beer. His brother, Monsignor Georg Ratzinger, also joined the party and enjoyed a beer.
Looking happy, the frail Benedict also admired a gift basket whose goodies included pretzels.
He was born on April 16, 1927, in southern Germany. But since the birthday coincided this year with Easter Sunday, Benedict was feted on Monday.
On a sunny, mild day, guests sat outside the monastery on Vatican City grounds where Benedict has lived since he became the first pontiff to resign in 600 years, stunning the Catholic Church.
———
This story has been corrected to show that the gift basket contained pretzels, not sausages.
Tuesday - Thundery showers mainly over northern and eastern Singapore in the afternoon.
Wednesday - Late morning and early afternoon thundery showers.
NEW YORK (AP) — A retired New York City school librarian has been sentenced to 15 years in prison for scheming to carry out gruesome fantasies of kidnapping, torturing and killing women and girls.
Robert Christopher Asch was sentenced Monday in Manhattan federal court.
The 65-year-old Manhattan resident was convicted in March 2014 along with a New Jersey auto mechanic.
Prosecutors said Asch conspired from the spring of 2011 to January 2013 to kidnap, torture and kill the wife of a co-defendant and a female FBI agent working undercover. No one was hurt.
The convictions came a year after the headline-grabbing case of a police officer accused of plotting abductions and cannibalism.
A judge tossed the most serious charges after that trial and sentenced the ex-officer to time served for a misdemeanor.
ROME (AP) — Italian lawmakers are demanding Brazil extradite Italian communist militant Cesare Battisti after he was caught near the Bolivian border.
A chorus of lawmakers, including ex-Premier Matteo Renzi, are demanding that Battisti finally face justice for Italian murder convictions.
Justice Minister Andrea Orlando says extradition "is possible" and that Italy is determined he serves time to "give back, at least in part, what was taken from our country and the families of his victims."
Battisti escaped from Italian prison in 1981 while awaiting trial on four counts of murder allegedly committed when he was a member of the Armed Proletarians for Communism. He was convicted in absentia in 1990. He has acknowledged membership in the group but denies killing anyone.
Ex-Brazilian President Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva rejected extradition in 2010.
NEW YORK (AP) — Guillermo del Toro's 'The Shape of Water' leads Golden Globes nominations with 7 nods .
Uproxx
Cheap flights and solo travel join forces in this week's roundup. Traveling the world solo is a surefire way to ensure adventure and saving money on that travel is a surefire way to stay on the road without breaking the bank. With summer just around the corner, now is the time to make some decisions about your travel life and book a trip before “summer” prices start to make everything more expensive.
Below are some of the best deals on cheap flights and travel packages right now. These are the sites and Twitter feeds that you should be following and setting up alerts for. Prices will vary. Sales will pass quickly. You've gotta shop hard and act fast. Good luck out there and happy travels!
Check out Uproxx's Travel Guides for all your travel needs.
FRIENDLY PLANET TRAVEL'S SOLO TRAVEL DISCOUNTS
Friendly Planet Travel is a guaranteed good time with as little worry as possible. A great trip doesn't always have to be stress and planning. Sometimes you can just sit back and let a pro do all the heavy lifting of organizing local tours, transportation, hotels, and meals.
Right now, Friendly Planet Travel is offering steep discounts for solo travelers to destinations all over the world. You can save up to $700 on a trip and that savings might straight up cover your flight. That's a big win for the wallet.
FriendlyPlanet.com
SECRET FLYING DEALS
Saving money on flights is an essential part of being a savvy traveler. Secret Flying is your one-stop shop for doing just that.
Today, you can score a great roundtrip from Boston to the South of France for only $407. Want to hit up Southeast Asia finally? Tickets from Los Angeles to Kuala Lumpur are $464 right now. Lastly, trips from Boston to London cost less than $300 roundtrip. That's a great fare that'll get you all the way to Europe where hopping around the continent is often cheaper than a domestic bus ride back home.
There's no doubt that male superheroes like Batman and Superman have long dominated DC's cinematic universe, but with Wonder Woman heading to theaters this year and DC's hugely popular multimedia initiative Super Hero Girls taking off over the past year, the ladies are catching up. While this year's New York Toy Fair, taking place this weekend at Manhattan's Jacob K. Javits Convention Center, will feature plenty of Bat-toys, there will also be loads of Wonder Women, Harley Quinns, and Supergirls on display. Click through to see Yahoo Movies's exclusive sneak peek of the latest DC offerings from toy-maker Jakks Pacific.
Fire and rescue services were able on Monday evening to pull the truck that was trapped under the rubble of the bridge on Highway 4, near Bnei Brak.
Two people were trapped in the truck. Their condition is unknown at this time.
NEW DELHI (AP) — India's finance minister has announced a federal budget with a string of populist giveaways, from free cooking gas to a health plan for the poor, in an attempt to woo voters ahead of national elections next year.
Finance Minister Arun Jaitley has also announced a sharp increase in agricultural exports to help increase prices for farmers. Exports of agricultural products have long been restricted by regulations. The government will also help in building more than 5 million affordable houses for the poor in the next financial year.
This is the last budget of Prime Minister Narendra Modi's government, which will seek a second five-year tenure in May 2019 national elections. The new government will determine the full-year budget for 2019-20.
DETROIT (AP) — If you do your homework, now is the time to practically steal a new sedan from your car dealer.
For more than a year, sales of cars have been tanking because Americans have gone nuts over SUVs and trucks. As stockpiles of sedans such as the Chevrolet Malibu and Chrysler 200 stretch across car lots, automakers are forced to offer big discounts to move them.
There are a few steps to finding the best bargain, but it boils down to this: Figure out which cars aren't selling, research discounts and don't buy until the end of the month when dealers are more desperate to sell.
Brad Korner, general manager of AIS Rebate, an Ann Arbor, Michigan, firm that follows the labyrinth of automaker discounts, equates buying a car cheap with purchasing discounted baked goods. To get the good deal, you have to really look. "You go into the store and the day-old bakery stuff is on a different shelf," he says.
Be wary of offers that seem too good to be true, like $69 per month payments. Earl Stewart, a North Palm Beach, Florida, Toyota dealer who is critical of other dealers' sales tactics, advises people to ignore dealer advertising. "Probably 99 percent of it is misleading," he says. The low-price deals often are on stripped-down models that the dealer may not even have. They also can include hefty down payments.
But armed with the right information, you can navigate the new car sales maze and get 20 percent or more off a car's sticker price:
FIRST: PICK A TARGET, FIND SLOW SELLERS
For more than a year, many compact, midsize and large cars, gas-electric hybrids, and many lower-level luxury cars haven't sold well. So dealers have big supplies. Because they're paying interest on the cars, they're eager to sell. So figure out the size of car you want. Then look for automaker monthly sales press releases on the internet and find models with big year-over-year declines. The sales figures are released early in the month. To get the best deal, you can't be too picky about color or equipment because you need to buy what's on dealer lots.
SECOND: LOOK FOR DISCOUNTS ONLINE
Many websites, including those from the auto companies as well as kbb.com, truecar.com and Edmunds.com, list publicly available discounts called incentives. Say you decide on a midsize car. Sales of the Nissan Altima were off nearly 15 percent in January, so incentives are likely. On its website, Nissan was offering $4,550 off a nicely equipped $25,460 Altima Midnight edition. That's nearly 18 percent off the sticker without haggling! There often are combinations of zero percent financing and cash back. according to Wards Automotive, midsize cars with the biggest inventories include the Chevrolet Malibu, Honda Accord, Toyota Camry, Hyundai Sonata and Ford Fusion — some of the top-selling cars in the U.S.
THIRD: VISIT DEALERS
During the first two weeks of the month, go to a few dealers. Confirm the incentives you found online — then ask for more. Often automakers add deals by region, or they offer rebates if you own a competitor's model or have one of their models. There also are other discounts for being an AAA member, serving in the military or being a recent college graduate. Most sales people, when they find out you've done your homework, will be honest and give you a good price, says Korner. Michelle Krebs, an analyst for Autotrader.com, says at this point, don't mention a trade-in. Work that into the deal later. Don't agree to buy at this time.
FOURTH: PICK A DEALER, GO BACK LATER
You'll get an even better price by waiting until the last few days of a month or quarter. First, dealers offer sales people bonuses to meet monthly sales goals. If they are close to the bonus, they'll be more willing to deal. Also, dealers get what are called "stair step" incentives from automakers for hitting sales goals. It's big money, so dealers close to their targets are more willing to bargain.
For a larger dealer, Stewart says hitting stair step goals can mean $250,000 or more, the difference between a monthly profit and loss. General Motors is helping some dealers get rid of 2016 cars by giving up to 20 percent off the sticker.
Bigger dealers can get higher payments from automakers and sometimes can offer better prices than smaller ones.
The bottom line is if you go through all these steps and you're a tough negotiator, you can get a well-equipped car for less than the price of a stripped-down SUV.
Even if you don't move this month, deals on cars probably will go on for a while. "Until the buying public loses its appetite for SUVs, it's not going to change," says Jeff Rogers, general manager of the Williamson Automotive Group in Miami.
The Southern California Prep Legends boys athlete of the week for Orange County on Monday, March 19:
Name: Michael Phillippy
School: Aliso Niguel
Sport: Track and field
Year: Senior
Noteworthy: Phillippy was victorious in the 200 and the 400 meters at the Triton/Asics Invitational at San Clemente High. He clocked 49.82 seconds in the 400 and finished the 200 in 22.15. Phillippy's 200 time was the ninth-best in California this season. Phillippy is Aliso Niguel's record holder in the 200 (21.76) and the 400 (48.17). Phillippy, a team captain, will attend Princeton this fall.
What is SCPL: Standout athletes, teams, coaches and inspirational performers this high school season will be honored in an end-of-year SoCal Prep Legends show on KABC. For more details, visit socalpreplegends.com.
Duke coach Mike Krzyzewski will undergo back surgery Friday, the school announced Monday.
Krzyzewski is expected to coach Wednesday against Georgia Tech and then step away for the surgery to remove a fragment of a herniated disk in his lower back. The procedure has an anticipated recovery time of four weeks.
"His back has been bothering him way worse than he's let on," a source told ESPN.
Associate head coach Jeff Capel will coach the team while Krzyzewski recovers. Capel's first game will be Saturday against Boston College.
"Dr. William Richardson, Dr. [Allan] Friedman, and our medical team have worked tirelessly to help manage this issue for several weeks," Krzyzewski said in a statement. "Together, we have determined that surgery is the best course of action at this time. During my recovery process, the team will be in the capable hands of Coach Capel, Coach [Nate] James and Coach [Jon] Scheyer. As soon as the doctors clear me to do so, I look forward to returning and giving our team 100% of my energy and attention, which is certainly something that they deserve."
Duke said Krzyzewski tried several treatment options during the past month before deciding on surgery. Friedman will perform the procedure at?Duke University Hospital, according to the school.
Krzyzewski had back issues in 1994, following surgery in October, and he stepped away in January 1995 for the remainder of the season. Duke was 9-3 overall at the time and 0-1 in ACC play.?Under Pete Gaudet, the Blue Devils went 4-15 the rest of the season. That was the last Blue Devils team to miss the NCAA tournament.
Krzyzewski, 69, had four surgeries during the offseason to replace his left knee, repair his left ankle and fix a hernia. He missed the Georgia Tech game a year ago after feeling under the weather and being taken to the hospital for tests.?
Capel -- who went 175-110 in nine years coaching at VCU and Oklahoma -- took over for Krzyzewski against the Yellow Jackets last season.?He also was a sophomore on the 1994-95 squad, averaging 12.5 points per game and 4.1 assists per game.
Krzyzewski has led the Blue Devils to five national titles and has a team that was ranked No. 1 in the preseason.
Duke is 12-2 after losing at Virginia Tech on Saturday without Grayson Allen, who is serving an indefinite suspension for his most recent tripping incident.?Allen's status for Wednesday's game is undecided, according to the school, and Krzyzewski will still determine when Allen returns to the court.
Information from The Associated Press contributed to this report.
Getty Image
With the exception of an emphatic and impressive dunk from Russell Westbrook that placed Michael Kidd-Gilchrist on a virtual poster, very little went right for the Oklahoma City Thunder on Monday evening. The team allowed 40 points to the Charlotte Hornets in the third quarter, an outburst that placed the home team in a hole that it simply could emerge from on the way to a disappointing 116-103 loss.
Then, after the game concluded, veteran forward Carmelo Anthony was likely frustrated and decided to skip his media obligations while leaving the locker room early.
CHICAGO -- The Chicago Cubs used an unusual alignment for Cincinnati Reds first baseman Joey Votto, employing four outfielders across the Wrigley Field grass on Monday night.
As Votto came to the plate in the top of the fifth inning, usual third baseman Kris Bryant moved to left-center field, with left fielder Kyle Schwarber playing near the foul line. Jon Jay remained in center, with Jason Heyward in right field.
The left side of the infield was vacant, as shortstop Javier Baez played up the middle.
Votto beat the alignment by doubling to right field. It's believed to be the first time the Cubs have employed that look since Joe Maddon took over as manager in 2015.
Getty Image
Miguel's just-released War & Leisure is one of the R&B star's strongest albums to date, but it differs in one significant way from the rest of his discography: Its focus is much less on sexual themes. In a recent profile by NY Mag, he says that this shift wasn't necessarily a conscious decision, but was a sort of reaction to the current political and cultural climate, in which issues of sexual harassment and assault are sensitive subjects:
“It was just a desire to be mindful. I don't think my music is going to change the world. It's more me trying to be aware of who I am in this moment and how my values are changing. […] I don't think there was ever a time in history where people weren't having sex, but talking about it that much right now may not feel as relevant.”
It certainly feels like there's truth behind this: While songs on his previous releases have had titles like “Quickie,” “Flesh,” and “Pussy Is Mine,” there isn't anything that overtly sexual in the War & Leisure tracklist. That's not to say that his music isn't still sexy — “Come Through And Chill” comes to mind as an example of a sultry track from the new album — but rather, that his music is perhaps more appropriate given the current state of the world.
Read our review of War & Leisure here.
LiAngelo Ball's pre-predraft workout Instagram dunk fest at the Los Angeles Lakers' practice facility on Monday turned more than a few heads—including, apparently, that of Zion Williamson. On Tuesday, the Duke-bound dunking phenom posted clips of himself on social media showing off his hops, with “Dead legs” and “Dead legs part 2” as the captions.
Gelo used that same line in one of the clips Lonzo Ball captured and posted the day prior.
Odds are, Williamson didn't mean anything malicious or mocking by his mimicry. The McDonald's All-American—and potential No. 1 pick in the 2019 NBA draft—is friendly with LaMelo Ball from their competition on the AAU circuit.
That said, it's tough for pretty much anyone, let alone LiAngelo, to compete with Zion's rim-rocking acrobatics.
Sleaford First XI came agonisingly close to winning at second-placed Grantham on Saturday, eventually losing the Lincs ECB Premier League fixture by just a single run.
Grantham batted first after winning the toss but after a solid start, some determined bowling saw the innings interestingly poised at 126-5 with Andrew Jones and Adi Sreedharan each claiming two victims.
Home captain Daniel Webb helped his side post a competitive total, supervising the rest of the innings with an important knock of 66 to take the hosts to 224 from their allotted overs.
At 90-4 in Sleaford's reply the game was in the balance, but a stand between Andy Hibberd and Shaun Morris swung the game in favour of the visitors who took themselves to within 18 runs of victory with five wickets in hand.
But Sleaford finished just short of the target despite Hibberd's contribution of 93.
* In the South Lincs and Border League Premier, Sleaford Seconds took maximum points against Frieston to stay top.
Batting first, Sleaford posted 201-7 with Charlie Roberts (67) the principal contributor. The visitors never threatened in reply and were all out for 74, with spinners Angus Youles, Sumit Puri and Ben Hutson claiming eight wickets between them.
Sunday's game for Sleaford Academy, sponsored by Turnbulls, brought a comprehensive 10-wicket win against Boston who were dismissed for only 39.
* Sleaford Firsts, sponsored by Baker Plant Hire, host Market Deeping on Saturday, while on Sunday, Revesby visit London Road in the Lincoln Sunday League Premier. Matchball sponsor is Michael Shaw.
NEW HAVEN, Conn. (AP) — A federal lawsuit filed Monday alleges the U.S. Army has issued less-than-honorable discharges for potentially thousands of service members without adequately considering the effects of post-traumatic stress disorder and other mental health conditions.
The plaintiffs, two Army veterans from Connecticut who fought in Iraq and Afghanistan, say in the lawsuit that they were wrongly denied honorable discharges. The lawsuit filed in Connecticut by Yale Law School Veterans Legal Services Clinic is seeking class-action status.
An Army spokeswoman said the branch doesn't comment on pending litigation.
One of the plaintiffs, Steve Kennedy, said he developed PTSD and depression after fighting in Iraq in 2007 and 2008 and began abusing alcohol and cutting himself. After going absent-without-leave to attend his own wedding, he was diagnosed by the Army with depression, and he received a general discharge because he had gone AWOL, according to the lawsuit.
Kennedy was later diagnosed with PTSD by the Department of Veterans Affairs, but his discharge status prevented him from receiving benefits including tax exemptions and scholarships that are open only to honorably discharged veterans, the lawsuit said.
“As my PTSD became impossible to manage on my own, my commander told me that the only way I could receive treatment was by leaving the Army with a bad paper discharge,” said Kennedy, who is now pursuing a doctorate in biophysical chemistry. “Just like that, the Army wiped away years of distinguished service to my country and deemed it less than Honorable.”
The lawsuit targets the review boards that give veterans a chance to contest discharges that may have been unjustly harsh.
It is the first lawsuit to argue that the Army Discharge Review Boards are inconsistently following a requirement that they apply a liberal standard to considerations of veterans' claims alleging PTSD or related conditions, according to Mario Gazzola, a law student intern with the Yale clinic.
(© Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All Rights Reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.)
BRUSSELS (AP) — The European Union on Monday warned Britain that it cannot expect to have a say in EU decision-making once it leaves, including during a transition period from next year meant to help smooth the departure.
The warning came as European affairs ministers adopted — in a matter of minutes — new orders for the bloc's Brexit negotiator, Michel Barnier, laying out the terms of the transition, which would run from the end of March 2019 until Dec. 31, 2020, when the bloc's current long-term budget ends.
Bulgarian Deputy Prime Minister Ekaterina Zaharieva, who chaired the meeting, said the ministers gave "a clear mandate" on their requirements for the transition period. She said EU law would apply in Britain during that time and that the country would have "no participation in the EU institutions and decision-making."
Barnier's deputy tweeted that the negotiating guidelines were endorsed in Brussels within two minutes, although ambassadors had spent weeks drafting them. Zaharieva said: "We hope an agreement on this with the U.K. can also be closed swiftly."
In London, Brexit Secretary David Davis played down the impact on Britain's status during the 21-month transition, saying that it's "not exactly the same as membership — but it's very, very similar."
"The existing regulatory structure will exist, the existing court structure will exist," Davis told a British parliamentary committee.
He underlined that Britain would, however, be free during the bridging period to negotiate new trade deals with the wider world, which it is barred from doing while it is an EU member.
Barnier noted that "no accord with third countries engaging the United Kingdom can enter force without the agreement of the 27" EU countries. In a sign of potential tension over the issue, Davis warned that "there will be an argument about the right to negotiate free trade arrangements."
In the orders, the EU insists that Britain should also abide by any new rules that are introduced during the transition.
This has already raised concern in Britain, and Davis demanded last week "a way of resolving concerns if laws are deemed to run contrary to our interests and we have not had our say."
"It's very, very important," he said, that "if there are new laws that affect us, we have the means to resolve any issues during that period."
But Irish European Affairs Minister Helen McEntee said Monday that "what we cannot have been a position where the integrity of the single market, the customs union, is in any way undermined."
"When the U.K. leave the European Union they will not be a voice around the table," she said.
Swedish EU Affairs and Trade Minister Ann Linde agreed.
"When you have left the European Union, you have left, and this is just a transition to a new arrangement," she said.
Any disputes would be handled by the European Court of Justice. This, too, will not sit well with Brexit supporters, who want to escape the grip they say Europe's top court has on British sovereignty.
Britain is impatient to launch talks on future ties with the EU and in particular on trade, but more guidelines will have to be adopted at a summit of European leaders in March for that to happen, based on progress made by then.
Monday's guidelines include a demand for clarity on what future relations should look like.
"The sooner the Brits are clear about the future, the better for everybody," said Italy's EU affairs representative Sandro Gozi. "We have to use our time and energy not in shaping the transition, but in shaping the future relationship."
Barnier also underlined that all elements of any Brexit deal, including the divorce bill and citizens' rights, must be translated into a legally binding text. Separate talks on the thorny issue of keeping open the border between Northern Ireland, which is part of the U.K., and EU member state Ireland will continue this year.
"Without an agreement on all parts of the withdrawal there can be no transition," Barnier told reporters after the meeting.
___
Lawless reported from London. Raf Casert in Brussels also contributed.
BRUSSELS (AP) — The Latest on Brexit negotiations (all times local):
4:15 p.m.
Britain's point person on Brexit says the country's status with the European Union during a post-departure transition period will be "not exactly the same as membership — but it's very, very similar."
Brexit Secretary David Davis told a House of Lords committee Monday that Britain will continue to be bound by EU rules and the EU court during the transition period, but without a seat on the bloc's decision-making bodies.
Davis said "the existing regulatory structure will exist, the existing court structure will exist."
He said Britain will, however, be free to negotiate new trade deals outside the bloc, which it is barred from doing as an EU member.
The EU says any new deals will not be able to take effect until after the end of the transition period, which has been proposed for Dec. 31, 2020.
___
3:20 p.m.
The European Union has adopted new orders for its Brexit negotiator laying out the terms of a transition period to help ease Britain out of the bloc after it officially leaves next year.
Bulgarian Deputy Prime Minister Ekaterina Zaharieva said Monday that EU ministers gave "a clear mandate" on their requirements for the transition period, to run from March 30, 2019 to Dec. 31, 2020.
She said that EU law would be applied in Britain during the transition, while the country would have "no participation in the EU institutions and decision-making."
The guidelines were adopted less than an hour into a meeting of European affairs ministers, and Zaharieva said "we hope an agreement on this with the U.K. can also be closed swiftly."
___
2:30 p.m.
European Union government ministers are meeting to endorse a new set of orders for their Brexit negotiator, focused on ways to ease Britain out of the EU from next year and lay the foundations for their future ties.
The negotiating guidelines set out the terms of a "transition period" that the Europeans want to run from the end of March next year until December 31, 2020.
In a draft of the guidelines, seen by The Associated Press, the EU insists that Britain should have no decision-making powers during the transition, while still abiding by all the bloc's rules, including any new ones.
Ireland's European Affairs Minister Helen McEntee said Monday that "When the U.K. leave the European Union they will not be a voice around the table."
SINGAPORE (AP) — It was 75 years ago that Singapore, the island at the tip of the Malay Peninsula that had been a key strategic outpost of Britain's colonial empire, fell to invading Japanese troops. The events live on in history books more than in memories. But for Margaret Menz, who lost her brother there, the passage of years has not dulled the pain.
Menz was among hundreds of people who attended a commemoration ceremony Wednesday at Singapore's Kranji War Cemetery, which holds more than 4,400 white gravestones of soldiers from countries such as Britain, Australia and New Zealand.
World War II veterans, their family members and officials said prayers, observed a period of silence and laid wreaths in memory of lives lost.
Complaints about parking charges more than doubled in the last year according to the latest figures released by consumer advice website, Resolver.
The research found that 2,748 people complained to Resolver about their parking fines in the last financial year. This was an increase of 111 per cent on the previous year (1,300).
However the latest findings do not fully depict the scale of charges of council land as individual councils are responsible for these fines.
People don't realise they have a right to complain
With 1,405 parking fine complaints made from April 2017 alone, Resolver expects this trend to continue.
James Walker, founder of Resolver says, “We've seen a huge increase in complaints about private parking fees over the last few years at Resolver.
“Yet the vast majority of people we speak to still tell us that they didn't realise they had any right to make a complaint, felt intimidated into paying up, or were just so angry about their experience they didn't want to deal with it.”
He adds, “So if you feel that you've not been treated fairly due to a parking charge, don't give up – it's not hard to make a complaint.”
In total Resolver has received 5,663 complaints about private parking companies since the service began in September 2014.
Resolver's private parking tips
1. Don't stick your head in the sand. Private parking companies will increase their charges if you don't pay up. Act quickly and tell them to suspend charges while you formally complain.
2. Don't pay up straight away. But do tell the firm you're going to appeal. It's often harder (but not impossible) to get your cash back after you've paid. But don't assume the firm has no right to charge you. Deal with the situation head on.
3. Gather evidence. The pay and display sign forms part of your contact with the parking firm. If it's unclear, hidden, overgrown, vandalized, etc, you can argue you were misled. Take photos, write down everything you can remember, get witnesses if need be.
4. Give the human touch. We've seen shocking cases, from midwives at hospitals being ticketed while helping expectant mothers to people rushed in to hospital being charged for not being back to their cars in time. Parking firms aren't charities. But explain why you weren't able to pay in time or return to the car.
5. Tell the landowner. Parking companies are working for the landowner. If their contractor is being overbearing or intimidating, they need to know about it.
PROVIDENCE, R.I. (AP) — A Rhode Island company is going to build a wind farm that will be 10 times the size of the nation's first offshore wind farm.
Deepwater Wind says the new 400-megawatt wind farm will also create more than 800 jobs in Rhode Island.
Democratic Gov. Gina Raimondo and other officials visited the Port of Providence on Wednesday for the announcement.
Massachusetts and Rhode Island announced offshore wind projects last week aimed at delivering 1,200 megawatts of energy, enough to power about 600,000 homes.
The company also built the nation's first offshore wind farm off Block Island, Rhode Island. It has five turbines. This latest project will have up to 50 turbines south of Martha's Vineyard.
Deepwater Wind's CEO says it will be "an enormous clean energy machine."
Transcript for United Airlines suffers a public relations crisis
Well yeah requested that I don't even know I'm just going belly up as a united Arab his 1010. Now and nest. I can't. I think he conducts by apple wantonly removing the passenger David Dow was actually end up owning united airline yeah. And done that contaminant has seen hard fine while video last to Angela. Just give me that he knew I had little community. Are now the same. Way. That same day on another united flight a passenger was Don why is the lobby it again. Will now. I don't want to hold my head and having. An already parents courtly and elements and it's. And Latin. They aren't but wait there's an off. A couple who was going to their destination weddings. Were on a plane that was not the whole game. And someone was laid out in the season they want someone some man is anonymous and almanac. And and then wash those wasn't really really know exactly yet that was an upgraded section because of what happened. Land on my if they could upgrade yeah and east said no I have a must treat here for a united statement these passengers repeatedly attempted to sit and upgraded seating. Which they did not purchase and they would not follow crew instructions to return to their sign seats we've been in touch with them and have read. Re booked about yeah I freaky it's flat. And something major happens in the news does not memo go out to everyone who works the united just saying look. We need a big mistake here we have to be on god we have to do things properly. These things keep happening in the topped because the CEO was so tone deaf when he first came out of all Dokic and called doctor Dow belligerent and argumentative. And then sort of had to backtrack and an out of them what I see you he suffered a broken nose a concussion and lost his tooth ninety. Well everybody isn't really clear answers so everyone is really clear here is how this is supposed to go. If you have been allowed. To board the plane they cannot force you. To give up your seat but you have paid your seat and you up on war. Yeah they can ask if you will give up they cannot take if I am actually given up Chris sandy doesn't it doesn't matter if they don't have the right to know what they did that night in Florida is not cultural and he's also going to all that police department. And I'll. Suck it slot friendly skies. They detained until united we apologize in advance. It was interesting to me when we were on hey this last weekend and have this was happening. The doctor apparently set I have to see patients on Monday ice I can not. Miss the day at work and I asked my husband. Because Monday's his surgical day acted to do he was like I would not a god now. That would not and I'm not well I. Yeah what could point out is if you already boarded. I would do not have to. Unless you are being belligerent unless you are threatening people and I'm Don something if you know just the passenger in this and we need seeds. I've the united and all you on the Gaza fly make the money weren't getting off yes they stopped that you want twelve seats have yeah. I. Flags prince is messy. Problem vacate watt very good track.
This transcript has been automatically generated and may not be 100% accurate.
Los Angeles Dodgers shortstop Corey Seager throws during batting practice before Game 1 of the baseball team's National League Division Series against the Arizona Diamondbacks in Los Angeles, Friday, Oct. 6, 2017. (AP Photo/Jae C. Hong)
LOS ANGELES (AP) — Dodgers relievers Pedro Baez and Ross Stripling are on Los Angeles' roster for the NL Division Series against the Arizona Diamondbacks.
Slumping outfielder Joc Pederson and utilityman Tim Locastro didn't make the squad announced by manager Dave Roberts on Friday before Game 1 in Los Angeles.
Arizona made two changes to its roster from the wild-card game against Colorado, adding Game 1 starter Taijuan Walker and Pacific Coast League MVP Christian Walker while dropping outfielder Rey Fuentes and catcher Chris Herrmann.
Diamondbacks manager Torey Lovullo also confirmed Robbie Ray will start Game 2 and ace Zack Greinke will take the mound for Game 3, as expected. Lovullo hasn't chosen a starter for a possible Game 4.
Rich Hill will start Game 2 for Los Angeles, with Yu Darvish starting Game 3 and 16-game winner Alex Wood likely starting a possible Game 4.
Baez made a team-leading 66 relief appearances for NL West champion Los Angeles this season, yet he was a regular target of derision from fans in Chavez Ravine and on Twitter while posting a 2.95 ERA. But after two dismal appearances in early September, he didn't allow a run while striking out seven over four scoreless appearances to end the regular season.
Roberts has been a firm supporter of Baez, who has pitched for the Dodgers since 2014. The right-hander has a 6.52 ERA in 11 career postseason appearances.
"I think that ultimately, Pedro has been a big part of what we've done all year," Roberts said. "I trust him. Arguably, he's been our highest-leveraged reliever outside of Kenley (Jansen) all year, so I just think it makes sense."
Stripling was busy all year for the Dodgers, working 74 1/3 innings during a season that included two starts. But he also hits the postseason with questions after posting a 6.08 ERA in his final 13 appearances.
The Dodgers kept 12 pitchers, including eight relievers, at the expense of the speedy Locastro, who could have been a pinch-running specialist. Los Angeles also kept Kyle Farmer as a third catcher behind Yasmani Grandal and Austin Barnes.
Pederson was left off the roster after batting .071 with no homers after July. Roberts instead went with Farmer, who played in only 20 games for Los Angeles this season, and veteran Andre Ethier.
Taijuan Walker was set to make his postseason debut in Game 1 against Clayton Kershaw after Arizona used Ray in relief during its 11-8 victory over Colorado on Wednesday.
Christian Walker batted .309 with 32 homers for Triple-A Reno, but has only 39 career at-bats in the
___
More AP baseball: https://apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball
A man who identified himself as Stevie Steve is seen in a combination of stills from a video he broadcast of himself on Facebook in Cleveland, Ohio, U.S. April 16, 2017. Stevie Steve/Social Media/ Handout via REUTERS
By Peter Szekely and Timothy Mclaughlin
(Reuters) - The manhunt for a murder suspect who police said posted a video of himself on Facebook shooting an elderly man in Cleveland widened on Monday as authorities asked the public for help and pleaded with the suspect to turn himself in.
Police said they have received "dozens and dozens" of tips about the possible location of the suspect, Steve Stephens, and tried to convince him to turn himself in when they spoke with him on his cellphone on Sunday after the shooting. But Stephens remains at large as the hunt for him expanded nationwide, police said.
The shooting is the latest violent incident shown on Facebook, raising questions about how the world's biggest social media network moderates content.
For more news videos visit Yahoo View, available now on iOS and Android.
"Our reach now is basically all over this country," Cleveland Chief of Police Calvin Williams told a news conference in Cleveland. "This is what we would consider a national search."
A reward of $50,000 was being offered for information regarding Stephens' location, officials said.
Police said Stephens used Facebook Inc's service to post video of him killing Robert Godwin Sr., 74. Stephens is not believed to have known Godwin, a retired foundry worker who media reports said spent Easter Sunday morning with his son and daughter-in-law before he was killed.
Godwin was the father of nine children and grandfather of 14, his son, Robert Godwin Jr., told the Cleveland Plain Dealer. Godwin Jr. could not immediately be reached by Reuters to comment.
Stephens mentioned a former girlfriend, Joy Lane, before shooting Godwin.
"I am sorry that all of this has happened," Lane told CBS News in a text message. "He was kind and loving to me and my children. This is a very difficult time for me and my family."
Reuters was not able to reach Lane by phone or email for comment.
Stephens, who has no prior criminal record, is not suspected in any other murders, despite a claim he made in the video of having killed more than a dozen other people, police said.
"To be honest, we've interviewed several people involved in this and I don't think there is any rhyme or reason for it happening," Williams said.
The last confirmed sighting of Stephens was at the scene of the homicide. Police said he might be driving a white or cream-colored Ford Fusion, and asked anyone who spots him or his car to call police or a special FBI hotline (800-CALLFBI).
Stephens had worked since 2008 as a vocational specialist and youth mentor at Beech Brook, a behavioral health agency located outside Cleveland. Beech Brook's offices were closed on Monday.
(Reporting by Peter Szekely in New York and Timothy McLaughlin in Chicago; Editing by Bill Rigby and Lisa Shumaker)
Shutterstock
China is taking their restrictions to the next level, now working to bar people from transportation like flights and planes due to bad “social credit.” According to Reuters, “people who would be put on the restricted lists included those found to have committed acts like spreading false information about terrorism and causing trouble on flights, as well as those who used expired tickets or smoked on trains.”
The National Development and Reform Commission also claimed that people who had “financial wrongdoings, such as employers who failed to pay social insurance or people who have failed to pay fines” would also face these travel restrictions as well. This new plan will go into effect on May 1, and is part of China's ongoing (but still unofficial) plan to measure their citizens' “social credit” based on the principle of “once untrustworthy, always restricted.” In a very Black Mirror move, there are also plans for a system that would allow for government organizations to disclose data on their citizens' trustworthiness and issue penalties and additional restrictions based on people's social credit score.
This may not be a totally new move, though, as 6.15 million Chinese citizens have been banned from various modes of transportation due to their “social misdeeds” back in early 2017.
(Via Reuters)
BOSTON (AP) — Adam Henrique scored twice and the Anaheim Ducks ended Boston's 18-game point streak with a 3-1 victory over the Bruins on Tuesday night.
Jakob Silfverberg also scored for the Ducks, the first team to beat the Bruins in regulation since Washington's 5-3 win Dec. 14 at Boston. Cam Fowler and Rickard Rakell had two assists apiece.
John Gibson made 25 saves before leaving in the third period with an undisclosed injury. Ryan Miller played the final 7:25 and nearly completed a shutout for the Ducks before Ryan Spooner scored for Boston with 41 seconds left.
Henrique scored into an empty net with 6.1 seconds remaining to seal it for the Ducks, who halted Boston's five-game winning streak and a stretch of 18 games with at least one point (14-0-4), which tied for the second-longest in franchise history.
The Ducks have won eight straight against the Bruins, who haven't beaten Anaheim since a 3-2 shootout win on Oct. 21, 2013.
PENGUINS 5, SHARKS 2
PITTSBURGH (AP) — Evgeni Malkin got his 12th career hat trick and Bryan Rust scored two goals as surging Pittsburgh rallied past San Jose.
Malkin's 24th goal of the season late in the second period tied it. His 25th early in the third gave Pittsburgh the lead for good and his 26th rolled into an empty net with just more than a minute remaining as the Penguins won for the eighth time in 10 games.
Matt Murray stopped 40 shots in his first start since the death of his father this month.
Brent Burns and Logan Couture scored power-play goals for the Sharks but San Jose dropped its second straight game without Joe Thornton, who is out indefinitely with a right leg injury.
JETS 3, LIGHTNING 1
WINNIPEG, Manitoba (AP) — Michael Hutchinson made 23 saves in his first NHL start of the season to help Winnipeg beat league-leading Tampa Bay.
Patrik Laine scored his team-leading 23rd goal for the Jets (30-13-8). Kyle Connor and Bryan Little also scored, and Blake Wheeler had two assists.
Rookie forward Matthew Peca scored for Tampa Bay (34-13-3), which had its three-game winning streak snapped.
Both teams let their starting goaltenders — ranked first and second in wins — have a night off after they took part in last weekend's All-Star festivities at Tampa Bay.
It was the first of 10 straight home games for the Jets, who have won seven in a row at Bell MTS Place and are 18-3-1 there this season.
WILD 3, BLUE JACKETS 2, SO
COLUMBUS, Ohio (AP) — Zach Parise and Chris Stewart scored in the shootout as Minnesota topped Columbus.
Devan Dubnyk had 28 saves for the Wild (27-18-5), who earned their 10th road win of the season. Jason Zucker scored his 20th goal, and Charlie Coyle added his fifth in the third period.
The Blue Jackets (27-19-4) lost for the fourth time in six games. Sergei Bobrovsky made 41 stops, Artemi Panarin had a goal and an assist and David Savard scored his third of the season.
PANTHERS 4, ISLANDERS 1
NEW YORK (AP) — Harri Sateri stopped 32 shots for his first career victory and Florida beat New York.
Mike Matheson, Evgenii Dadonov, Keith Yandle and Jonathan Huberdeau scored for the Panthers, who snapped a three-game skid and improved to 3-6-1 since closing December with five straight wins.
Sateri was making his fourth start with Roberto Luongo and James Reimer sidelined by lower-body injuries. The 28-year-old rookie, who spent the previous three seasons in the KHL, made his NHL debut Jan. 2 at Minnesota and came in 0-3-0 with a 4.59 goals-against average.
Adam Pelech scored for the Islanders, who have lost four of six. Jaroslav Halak finished with 36 saves.
HURRICANES 2, SENATORS 1
RALEIGH, N.C. (AP) — Sebastian Aho and Victor Rask scored in the third period as Carolina edged slumping Ottawa.
Cam Ward made 29 saves for Carolina in the opener of an eight-game homestand, its longest of the season. The Hurricanes returned from the All-Star break with their second consecutive win after dropping six of eight.
Jean-Gabriel Pageau scored and Craig Anderson made 37 saves for the Senators, who have lost six in a row.
DEVILS 3, SABRES 1
BUFFALO, N.Y. (AP) — Taylor Hall scored in his first game after missing three with an injury to his right hand, and New Jersey snapped a four-game skid with a win over Buffalo.
Kyle Palmieri scored an empty-netter and added an assist, and Miles Wood also scored for the Devils. Backup goalie Keith Kinkaid stopped 27 shots in his first game since missing three with a groin injury. He started in place of Cory Schneider, who missed his fourth game since also hurting his groin.
Sabres defenseman Jake McCabe spoiled Kinkaid's shutout bid by scoring a power-play goal with 5:02 remaining.
BLUES 3, CANADIENS 1
ST. LOUIS (AP) — Carter Hutton made 33 saves and Ivan Barbashev broke a scoreless tie in the second period to help St. Louis defeat Montreal.
The Blues, who beat Montreal for the fifth successive time, have won five of six overall. The struggling Canadiens have lost 11 of 15.
Patrik Berglund pushed the lead to 2-0 with a power-play goal early in the third. Alexander Steen added an empty-netter with 2:17 left.
Charles Hudon ended Hutton's shutout bid by scoring a 6-on-4 goal with 1:07 remaining.
Hutton has started the Blues' last six games and appears to have supplanted Jake Allen as their No. 1 netminder. A 32-year-old journeyman, Hutton improved to 13-4-1. He has stopped 94 of his past 96 shots and is 8-1-1 in his last 10 starts.
BLACKHAWKS 2, PREDATORS 1
NASHVILLE, Tenn. (AP) — Anton Forsberg made 42 saves, and Vinnie Hinostroza had a goal and an assist in Chicago's victory over Nashville.
Last-place Chicago, which needs a big finish to get into the playoffs, returned from the All-Star break with its second straight win. David Kampf also scored for the Blackhawks.
Kyle Turris had Nashville's goal and Juuse Saros made 29 saves. The Predators lost in regulation for the first time since Jan. 2.
KINGS 3, STARS 0
DALLAS (AP) — Darcy Kuemper made 28 saves in his ninth career shutout, leading Los Angeles over Dallas.
Paul LaDue, Drew Doughty and Alec Martinez scored as Los Angeles earned its second consecutive win. The Kings are among a group of playoff contenders with 59 points, one behind Dallas.
Ben Bishop made 39 saves for the Stars, who dropped their second straight game but retained a one-point lead for the first Western Conference wild card. Dallas came up empty on each of its four power plays against the NHL's best penalty killers.
___
More AP hockey: https://apnews.com/tag/NHLhockey
On any weekday morning, Miles Thornback is working on marketing campaigns for real estate agents or dealing with tricky tech issues at the office.
Thornback, who has cerebral palsy, got hired three years ago at the RE/MAX Prestige real estate agency in Costa Mesa, California, after the owners heard that he'd spent six years applying for jobs at hundreds of companies and finding nothing but negative mindsets.
Many small business owners are open to hiring or specifically recruit people who have disabilities, sometimes because they want to expand the opportunities for people with talent and skills but who can't find jobs. The unemployment rate for people with disabilities who want to be hired is 8 percent, more than twice the national average.
"I think a lot of people assume that if you're disabled, you can't work," says Thornback, 36, who uses a wheelchair.
While some jobs he applied for would have required him to do errands, which he couldn't have done, at many places he never got a clear explanation of why he wasn't considered. In his job, he coordinates with real estate agents and data providers to create postcards and letters that advertise properties for sale.
Jay O'Brien, an owner at the RE/MAX office, learned about Thornback through Goodwill Industries, which works with the Regional Center of Orange County, an organization that provides training and services for people with developmental disabilities.
O'Brien has been impressed with Thornback's technical abilities, as he's been able to resolve issues that confounded everyone else. O'Brien and his business partner, Sammer Mudawar, wanted to see Thornback flourish in his work.
"We didn't want it to be seen as a charity move," O'Brien says, such as, "'You can park your wheelchair here for two hours a day and we'll pay you and we can feel better about ourselves.'"
The kind of disability a person has can vary, and can be cognitive or physical. So employees may be capable of different types of work. They do face similar difficulties in the workplace that others don't.
Alyssa and Shawn Cox, who volunteer at a camp for children with Down syndrome, created a store greeter position at one of their three Clothes Mentor locations in North Carolina with the intention of hiring someone with the genetic chromosomal disorder.
They hired Julia Cirone in December. The 20-year-old who works three days a week began by welcoming customers and "aced that immediately," Alyssa Cox says.
Cirone has since started assisting shoppers, helping them pick out clothes. Sales haves increased since she began working at the store, the busiest of the three locations. While the Coxes would like to hire Cirone full time, she wants to do volunteer work the other two days.
There are plenty of people who want to be hired, an "untapped" talent pool, according to Joyce Bender, owner of Bender Consulting Services, a company that recruits workers with disabilities.
For businesses that are interested, Bender suggests resources including organizations that help people with disabilities, and state and local agencies including unemployment offices. Many universities have offices that provide services to students with disabilities, including job placement. Colleges, Bender noted, are a good resource for owners who want staffers with science, technology, engineering and mathematics skills.
Business owners do need to abide by federal and state laws if employees with disabilities need help balancing their work and their personal or medical needs. That can mean flexible work hours, time off for doctor appointments and desks that can be raised or lowered, says Anne Marie Estevez, an employment law attorney with Morgan Lewis in Miami.
Owners also need to get past some concerns, including what happens if a hire doesn't work out.
"Some employers feel, if I hire the person, I can never let them go even if they're doing a terrible job. That's not true," says Rebecca Shulman, senior program director at Jewish Vocational Service in East Orange, New Jersey. "The employer has the right to let them go."
Curtis Boyd had recruited a man with neurological problems to work at Future Solutions Media, a Los Angeles-based company that helps businesses handle negative online reviews. But the staffer was unable to sit in front of a computer for hours at a time, and had to leave the job.
Though it didn't work out in that case, Boyd said he would hire a job candidate with a disability again.
While many owners who recruit employees from nonprofit groups know what the person's disability is, they cannot under law ask for details, Estevez says.
When Steven Hollins hired a 16-year-old young man two years ago for his Chick-Fil-A franchise restaurant in Buena Park, California, he knew the new staffer would likely need some extra training, and would have a job coach to help as needed. Hollins left it at that.
The man started out by bringing food to customers at their tables and cleaning up after they left. Within a few months, the job coach left — the employee didn't need any help getting his work done. As time went on, the man sought and was given more responsibilities, and now helps with maintenance tasks.
"He's willing to stay late and learn," Hollins said. "That kind of attitude in our business goes a long way."
—————
Follow Joyce Rosenberg at www.twitter.com/JoyceMRosenberg . Her work can be found here: https://apnews.com/search/joyce%20rosenberg
SAN DIEGO--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Apr 24, 2018--Fans asked, and QDOBA ® delivers! QDOBA Mexican Eats ® announces the return of fan favorite – Mango Salsa – for a limited time this summer. Offering a refreshing flavor, QDOBA's Mango Salsa combines mangoes, red bell peppers, cucumbers, tomatoes, red onions, jalapeños, cilantro and lime juice. The perfect tropical topping to burritos, burrito bowls, salads or tacos, Mango Salsa can be added to any QDOBA entrée for free.
This press release features multimedia. View the full release here: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180424005501/en/
QDOBA's Chicken Mango Salad (Photo: Business Wire)
“Our Mango Salsa is made with real ingredients and is prepared in our restaurants' kitchens every day,” said Jill Adams, vice president of marketing at QDOBA. “Sure, it would be easier for our restaurant teams to get all the ingredients for Mango Salsa pre-chopped and from a can, but that would mean compromising freshness and flavor – two components we'll never sacrifice when it comes to our food.”
Mango Salsa can also be enjoyed on QDOBA's latest chef-inspired dish – the new Chicken Mango Salad. Served in a crispy flour tortilla shell that's fried in-restaurant, this salad is made with hand-chopped Romaine lettuce, grilled adobo chicken, tropical Mango Salsa and a drizzle of homemade cilantro-lime dressing.
“Our culinary team handcrafts our chef-inspired dishes based on what ingredients they think will offer the best flavor combinations,” continued Adams. “For example, when they were developing Chicken Mango Salad, the team liked how the sweetness of the mangoes and bold flavor of the bell peppers paired with the subtle heat of our grilled adobo chicken. With the addition of the crisp cucumbers and the cilantro-lime dressing, this salad balances a range of fresh flavors and textures. We can't wait for our guests to try it.”
Like summer, guests are encouraged to enjoy Mango Salsa and the Chicken Mango Salad at participating locations, before it says adios. QDOBA has more than 740 restaurants across the United States and in Canada. Guests can find their nearest QDOBA by visiting QDOBA.com/locations or on the QDOBA app available for download on the iTunes App Store or Google Play.
About QDOBA
At QDOBA, everyone is invited to live a more flavorful life. The QDOBA experience comes to life through its multi-dimensional approach to flavor, which encompasses its people, its restaurants and, of course, its fresh, craveable food. Through the Brand's vision, guests and team members alike are encouraged to celebrate individuality and boldly craft a meal that's packed full of flavors like 3-Cheese Queso and hand-smashed guacamole. Getting its start in 1995, QDOBA now has more than 740 restaurants in 47 states, the District of Columbia and Canada. Discover more at QDOBA.com and connect with QDOBA on Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, and YouTube.
View source version on businesswire.com:https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180424005501/en/
CONTACT: Bolt Public Relations
Mackenzie Martin, (949) 218-5454
mmartin@boltpr.com
KEYWORD: UNITED STATES NORTH AMERICA CANADA CALIFORNIA
INDUSTRY KEYWORD: WOMEN RESTAURANT/BAR TEENS RETAIL FOOD/BEVERAGE CONSUMER MEN
SOURCE: QDOBA Mexican Eats
Copyright Business Wire 2018.
PUB: 04/24/2018 06:00 AM/DISC: 04/24/2018 06:01 AM
http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180424005501/en
Joint press release by WACC Europe and CEC
Action needed to tackle marginalisation of women in Europe's news agenda, report states
Progress towards equality of women and men in the news media has virtually ground to a halt according to the findings of the Global Media Monitoring Project (GMMP) released on 23 November.
The results of the world's largest research initiative into gender portrayal in news media show that:
Worldwide, women make up only 24% of the people heard, read about or seen in newspaper, television and radio news, exactly the same level found in 2010.
Women's relative invisibility in traditional news media has crossed over into digital news delivery platforms. Only 26% of the people in Internet news stories and media news Tweets combined are women.
There is a global glass ceiling for female news reporters in newspaper by-lines and newscast reports, with 37% of stories reported by women, the same as a decade ago.
The GMMP is a project of the World Association for Christian Communication, with support from UN Women. The first such survey was conducted in 1995, and at five-year intervals after that.
The 2015 report includes data from 114 countries and provides analysis and case studies at global, regional and national levels.
According to the GMMP Regional Report for Europe, “Women continue to be marginalised from the news agenda, mostly not even reaching one-third of news sources or reporters, although they have made improvements in terms of reading the news as announcers.”
Dr Karen Ross, Professor of Media at Northumbria University, who coordinated the GMMP project for Europe, said: “At a time when we have more women presidents and prime ministers than ever before, women only comprise 19% of sources or subjects in political news stories reported in TV, radio and print and 17% in new media articles. There is something very wrong with this picture.”
The results of GMMP 2015 have led WACC and its GMMP coordinators to call for an end to media sexism by 2020. Proposals made in the GMMP Regional Report for Europe to improve women's inclusion in the media's news agenda include:
Training programmes by media organisations to improve media professionals' understanding of current and emerging gender issues
Issues of gender in/equality included in journalism education and training courses
Further research and studies as well as debate and discussion on the GMMP reports
Media companies to establish gender policies
Gender-inclusive language used in media reports
Stephen Brown, President of WACC's Europe region, stated: “News media shape the way people view the world and this research shows that women's visibility in news is no better now in 2015 than five years ago. We need to tackle this situation by engaging men as well as women in newsrooms, media management and training for journalists.”
The worldwide media monitoring project is implemented collaboratively with women's rights organisations, grassroots groups, media associations, faith-based / interfaith organisations, university students and researchers across the world.
“Women's rights are human rights,” said Conference of European Churches General Secretary Guy Liagre. “The GMMP sheds light on how far we in Europe have to go. Through our human rights training programme and upcoming summer school on women and children's rights we hope to help close the gap revealed by this important study.”
For further information, contact:
Karen Ross, Coordinator of the GMMP Regional Report for Europe:
Mobile: +44 7798 884110 email: karen.ross@northumbria.ac.uk
Sara Speicher, WACC (UK) Development Manager
Mobile: +44 7821 860 723 or +44 7985 276 515 email: ss@waccglobal.org
Erin Green, Communication Coordinator, Conference of European Churches
Tel: +32 2 234 68 42 email: eeg@cec-kek.be
Note to Editors:
The full global GMMP Report (in English) and report highlights in English, French, and Spanish are available at: http://whomakesthenews.org/gmmp/gmmp-reports/gmmp-2015-reports
The summary and conclusions of the GMMP 2015 Regional Report for Europe are attached.
The full GMMP 2015 Regional Report for Europe (in English) in PDF format is available at:
http://bit.ly/GMMP-Europe-2015
GMMP 2015 is the largest research and advocacy initiative in the world on gender equality in and through the news. The 2015 report includes data from 114 countries and provides analysis and case studies at global, regional and national levels. Each monitoring group was trained and followed a specific methodology to monitor and code the news on a specified day. The 2015 media monitoring day was 25 March 2015.
WACC Europe is part of the World Association for Christian Communication, a global network that promotes communication rights for social justice and sustainable development, working with people of all faiths and none.
The Conference of European Churches (CEC) is a fellowship of some 114 Orthodox, Protestant, Anglican and Old Catholic Churches from all countries of Europe, plus 40 national councils of churches and organisations in partnership. CEC was founded in 1959. It has offices in Brussels and Strasbourg.
Global Media Monitoring Project 2015 – Regional Report for Europe
Summary and Conclusions
In general terms, the visibility of women as both subjects of news and reporters of news, has changed hardly at all over the past five years and over the 20 years of the GMMP has increased slightly but certainly does not mirror the great strides that women have made in all aspects of social life, from politics to science to entertainment. While there was some variation in women's visibility so that some countries have seen increases in women working as journalists, while other countries have seen a reduction or at the very least, a standstill. The same plus and minus trends can be seen across European media, with gains in some areas in some countries being countered by losses in others: there are no consistent patterns so that slight improvements and slight reductions balance each other out to produce a more or less steady-state so that women's visibility in the news is no better now in 2015 than five years ago.
Women continue to be marginalised from the news agenda, mostly not even reaching one-third of news sources or reporters, although they have made improvements in terms of reading the news as announcers: this is, arguably, a consequence of the ‘feminisation' and ‘intimisation' of news, where women's softer voice and eye appeal (TV announcers are rarely over 35 years and mostly attractive women) conforms more readily to news-as-infotainment. It should also be noted that announcers were counted against each news item in a programme rather than just once for each appearance, and this methodological quirk could potentially skew the findings if some shows had many more items than others, so their presenters would be over-represented in the statistics. Women's views are mostly sought as members of the public or in their domestic role as mothers, daughters and wives: they are much less likely to contribute to stories as experts, as professionals, as politicians or as business people. The news is still dominated by men's voices talking about things in which they have the starring role, voices of authority . Citizen voices, in general terms, are heard much less frequently.
On the other hand, the traditional stereotype of women as victim no longer holds quite so true and there are decreasing stories of women as victim of gender-based violence although women still comprise the majority of sources who speak in that role. In some countries, Germany for example, stories about gender discrimination are seen as ‘old-fashioned' because women are regarded as being able to have it all, so victims are much more likely to be men in contexts of war and accidents. Disappointingly, we cannot look to new media to provide a more welcoming environment for women either as sources/subjects or writers of news and in most countries where online and Twitter feeds were coded, women were generally less visible than in the more traditional media outlets.
In summary, the ongoing problem for women's relationship to media is twofold, we are rendered invisible from large parts of the media agenda and when we are allowed to speak, it is within a narrow repertoire of story types and from an equally narrow range of role positions. We are marginalised from many areas of political and economic life (decision-making) because our voices and views are mainly invited to contribute to the less important areas of the social and the cultural (infotainment), thus perpetuating notions of men's occupation of the public and rational sphere and women's side-lining to the domain of the private. These gender-based allocations are reinforced by the frequency with which women speak as the voice of popular opinion, in their familial or relationship role (wives, mothers and girlfriends), as victim and eye witness. Men, on the other hand, speak as politicians, experts and professionals: they are the voice of authority while women are the voice of the populace. This is not the reality of women and men's lives in the
real world but given the painfully slow rate of ‘progress' we have seen over the past 20 years, it is hard to see how the media will begin to reflect the lived reality of its citizens without a concerted effort on the industry's part to change the picture. We offer a few thoughts below on how that change could be encouraged.
ACTIONS IN THE POST-2015 ERA:
When we asked national coordinators to suggest actions which could be undertaken to improve women's inclusion in the media's news agenda, many made very similar comments and we have composited some of them below.
Redefine what and who counts as news – so-called ‘news values' which determines newsworthiness needs to be re-evaluated and made fit for purpose for the 2010s.
Managers should be sensitised to gender biases and stereotypical thinking. They should be encouraged by grants and publicity if they promote non-stereotypical journalistic practices and writing. For example, for several years there has been a prize awarded in Romania, for young journalists who publish stories on racial, ethnic and gender discrimination. Civil society, for instance the Centre for Independent Journalism, organises national and regional debates on men and women in the media, debates to which journalists, researchers and students are invited.
Media organisations should initiate training programmes to improve media professionals' understanding of current and emerging gender issues and their various manifestations. Raising the awareness and strengthening the capacities of media professionals through offering regular educational and vocational training programs geared to the acquisition of in-depth knowledge of gender equality and its crucial role in a democratic society.
Issues of gender in/equality should be included in the syllabus of journalism education and training courses.
Debate and discussion on the GMMP as well as other research and studies should be encouraged: it is obviously useful to engage women and men working in the media, in universities, unions and associations of civil society with the aim of promoting a pluri-vocal conversation, based on respect for different professional perspectives and competences, but focused on common objectives and concrete goals.
A gender policy for all media companies should be established and gender quotas should be introduced for the composition of teams who produce the news.
Language and terms which misrepresent, exclude or offend women should be eliminated. Instead, neutral terms that are gender-inclusive should be used.
The representation of female experts in the news could be increased by using the expertise and database of existing organisations such as VIDM and Zij spreekt.
Media organisations should be more pro-active in sourcing male voices in non-traditional areas and roles. Men and women should be portrayed in a wide range of roles, both traditional and non-traditional, in paid work, social, family and leisure activities. Men and women should both be seen as taking decisions to support the family and in household tasks and home management.
The full GMMP 2015 Regional Report for Europe (in English) is available in PDF format at:
http://bit.ly/GMMP-Europe-2015
When it comes to electoral performance there is no contest between Tony Blair and Jeremy Corbyn. Tony led Labour to three election victories in a row and Corbyn has led Labour to their third election defeat in a row. Blair won a 10.2% swing from the Conservatives. Corbyn managed only a 2% swing despite the progressive alliance gifting him votes and the Liberals being a shadow of themselves. Blair was a winner, Corbyn is a loser…
New York (AP) — Silver futures trading on the NY Merc Tuesday:
(5,000 troy oz.; cents per troy oz.)
Drug personalities in Quezon City have started going back to business after President Rodrigo Duterte suspended the Philippine National Police's “Oplan Tokhang” operations against illegal drugs, the city's police chief said on Wednesday.
Chief Supt. Guillermo Eleazar, Quezon City Police District (QCPD) chief, said they had received information that dealers resumed to selling drugs, particularly methamphetamine hydrochloride or “shabu,” and addicts are back to using drugs, taking advantage of the suspension of Tokhang operations.
“Actually we received reports from the ground na nagbabalikan sila sa paggamit at pagbenta ng droga kasi alam nila (that they returned to using and selling drugs because they know) we are prevented from engaging in planned police operations,” Eleazar said during the Pandesal Forum at the Kamuning Bakery.
ADVERTISEMENT
President Duterte decided to stop his administration's brutal war against drugs after some antinarcotics policemen got involved in the brazen killing of South Korean businessman Jee Ick-joo inside the PNP headquarters at Camp Crame last October.
Duterte ordered PNP chief Director General Ronald “Bato” Dela Rosa to focus first on cleaning the PNP's backyard and weed out rogue cops among its ranks.
Tokhang, the knock and plead strategy to ask drug users and pushers to surrender and mend their ways, is under the PNP's anti-drug drive “Oplan Double Barrel.” It was suspended last January.
“But just the same nakakapag-responde kami sa mga (we are responding to) ongoing drug session. Through plain view naga-arrest kami (we conduct arrests),” he said.
Within the span of six months, Eleazar said the QCPD's intensive drug drive resulted in a significant decrease of 45 percent in the index crimes in the city.
He said he hopes the President would lift the temporary suspension of the drug operations so they can prevent users and peddlers from returning to the drug business.
“Actually, setback ito (This is is a setback). We're expecting buhay ulit ‘yang mga addicts (the addicts will be back to business). Kaya we are hoping that this temporary suspension will be lifted very soon so that makabalik tayo sa operations (we could resume our operations),” the police official said.
President Duterte's directive indicated that only the Philippine Drug Enforcement Agency can conduct antinarcotics operations while the suspension is still in effect.
Paul Nuttall's press officer offered her resignation over the “close personal friends” claim she is said to have written on his website in 2012. Yet that was not the only time Nuttall's name was associated with those words. In August 2011 the BBC quoted him making the same claim – apparently taken from his press release:
So twice Nuttall's team wrote statements claiming he had “close personal friends” at Hillsborough, and one of them was published by the BBC. And Nuttall says he knew nothing about it…
Instagram/therock
When it comes to the grind, there may not be someone who is molded by it better than Dwayne “The Rock” Johnson. It feels like Johnson has a movie coming out nearly once a month or so, and the ubiquitous presence in Hollywood still finds the time for his insane workout schedule and random appearances that have nothing to do with his constant movie promotions.
For example, last week Johnson gave the Los Angeles Lakers a pregame speech before they faced the Denver Nuggets, and the speech that clearly worked as they won 125-116. The Lakers dominated the early and often, as they have for much of the second half of the season having won 8 out of their last 11 games.
One of the all-time great musicals, Andrew Lloyd Webber's Sunset Boulevard, is a compelling story of romance and obsession based on Billy Wilder's legendary film.
The much loved score includes the title number Sunset Boulevard as well as With One Look, As If We Never Said Goodbye and The Greatest Star of All and is performed by a full orchestra on the UK tour, which comes to us at the end of this month. In her mansion on Sunset Boulevard faded, silent screen goddess Norma Desmond lives in a fantasy world.
Danny Mac
Impoverished screenwriter Joe Gillis, played by Hollyoaks and Strictly's Danny Mac, on the run from debt collectors, stumbles into her reclusive world. Persuaded to work on Norma's ‘masterpiece', a film script she believes will put her back in front of the cameras, he is seduced by her and her luxurious lifestyle.
Joe becomes entrapped in a claustrophobic world until his love for another woman leads him to try and break free with very dramatic consequences.
Describing his character Danny said: “He's wonderfully flawed. He hasn't gotten everything right but he thinks he has. Everything is told from his point of view and he doesn't really see his mistakes; he thinks it's him who is doing everything right and everyone and everything else is failing around him when actually it is him who is making the wrong decisions. That'swhere it leads to at the end – you see his downfall because of that and I think it is what brings about his demise. He'sdug his own grave essentially.”
Danny also explained what thie the biggest challenge is for appearing in this part.
He said: “I have an incredible duty to tell the story as essentially the narrator of the show. There are impeccable performances from the entire the cast and it is based around four main characters – namely Norma, Max, Betty and Joe – but I've got to narrate the story so it's about getting every bit of information over and serving the piece and everyone else os performances in the right way.”
Talk inevitably turns to Strictly Come Dancing with Danny a runner-up on the last series.
He said: “It's got to be the dance routines I was able to produce each week, which constantly reminds me now of things I'm able to do even though I might not think I can.
“That's something I'll always take from doing that show. If I'd been asked to play Joe Gillis before I'd done Strictly I'd probably have said no simply through fear that I couldn't do it and a million people could do it better.
“But this role, as far as I'm concerned, belongs to me and I own it. I don't mean that in a cocky or arrogant way, but if you don't walk out there and own that role you're doing the piece and the rest of the cast a disservice as well as yourself.
“That's something I've learned – to take something and run with it – because you only get these big chances once in your life and you have to seize them.
“This is something I've been working for since I was a kid. It's been a funny journey for me and there's been many times where you feel you need to apologise for what you've done, but when look at it from a different side and you're proud of it you're like ‘This is what I'm qualified in, this is what I trained in, this is what I've worked towards and I should never apologise for that'.
“I learned that from Strictly and it's been a complete joy since then and I've had the best time because of it.”
Sunset Boulevard will be at Milton Keynes Theatre from Tuesday November 28 - Saturday December 2. Tickets cost from £19, call 0844 871 7652 or book online at www.atgtickets.com/miltonkeynes
NEW YORK (AP) — Yankees second baseman Gleyber Torres was placed on the 10-day disabled list on Wednesday because of a strained right hip.
Torres was removed after striking out in his second at-bat in the fourth inning before the Yankees went on to beat the Atlanta Braves 6-2.
Before the series finale against the National League East leaders, Yankees manager Aaron Boone was upbeat about the status of his prized rookie.
Torres did not start in Tuesday night's win, but entered the game late as a defensive replacement.
"We're hoping it's a short stint. But we think we've got to deal with it this time because there is a small strain there," Boone said outside the home clubhouse after the game.
"Hopefully it won't be something that it's too long. Probably take us up to the All-Star break."
Boone said the club would assess the situation with a day off Thursday before heading to Toronto for the start of an 11-game, three-city road trip leading into the All-Star Game in Washington.
Torres is hitting .294 with 15 home runs and 42 RBIs in his first 63 major league games.
He had an MRI and was not available to talk to reporters after the game.
Neil Walker, who went over from third base to second at the start of the fifth inning, could get most of the work in Torres' absence.
Another option could be Ronald Torreyes, but he's been on the temporary inactive list at Triple-A Scranton/Wilkes-Barre for more than a week to deal with a personal issue. Brandon Drury, who started 114 games at second for Arizona last season, could also figure into the mix.
Boone wasn't sure how the injury initially occurred, pointing out that Torres had made some "good base running plays a couple of nights ago when he moved up on some wild pitches."
The Yankees manager also added that if the injury had occurred late in the season, it would've been "possible" for the phenom to be back on the field shortly.
But the team with the second-best record in baseball took the safe route.
"Anytime you're talking about groin, hamstring, quads, once you have a strain in there, you push through it you can make it a worse strain," Boone said.
"And now you're talking weeks and months. Stuff like that. So I think the wise thing is to do this now. Gleyber wants to take a couple of days, work through it. But I think he also understands this is the best thing for him and for us."
___
More AP baseball: https://apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball
LOS ANGELES (AP) — The Latest on sexual misconduct allegations against actor Steven Seagal (all times local):
1:15 p.m.
A lawyer for Steven Seagal says the actor adamantly denies sexual assault allegations made by two women against the action star.
Faviola Dadis said at a news conference Monday that Seagal toucher her sexually without her consent in 2002 when she was 17, and Regina Simons said Seagal assaulted her in 1995 when she was 18.
Seagal's attorney Anthony Falangetti said later Monday that the accounts of both women are "completely fictitious and totally made up."
He says the allegations are a disservice to women who are victimized because of real predators in the film industry.
The women are the latest of several who have come forward in recent months to accuse the 65-year-old action actor of sexual misconduct. He has denied all of the allegations.
___
11:30 a.m.
An aspiring actress says she was 17 when actor Steven Seagal sexually assaulted her during a supposed casting session in 2002.
Faviola Dadis said at a news conference Monday that she had recently moved to the U.S. from the Netherlands when she was invited to a Beverly Hills hotel room to audition for Seagal for a film he planned to make about Genghis Khan.
The 33-year-old former model says only Seagal and his bodyguard were in the room when the actor reached under her bikini top and then grabbed her genitals.
Dadis said she ended the audition and immediately left. She says she feared being blacklisted if she reported Seagal, and only recently filed a police report. Los Angeles County prosecutors say they are reviewing the case.
Seagal's attorney Anthony Falangetti did not immediately return a message seeking comment.
Dumisani Nsingo, Senior Reporter
PRESIDENT Emmerson Mnangagwa says there is a remarkable improvement in relationships between the United Kingdom and Zimbabwe which is likely to pave way for investment inflows into the country.
In a message on his official Facebook account posted on Friday, President Mnangagwa also thanked the UK for its continued support in Zimbabwe's civil societies saying that promoted democracy. His comments followed a successful visit by British Minister of State for Africa, Ms Harriett Baldwin last week.
“We are witnessing a remarkable improvement in our relations with the UK, and I am pleased to report great progress in talks around investment opportunities for both countries. I also want to thank the UK for its £5 million investment today in Zimbabwe's civil society organisations. These NGOs (non-governmental organisations) play a vital role in strengthening our people's ability to participate in democracy. They promote dialogue, tolerance and respect — all vital ingredients to a free society,” said President Mnangagwa.
Speaking after meeting President Mnangagwa on Friday, Minister Baldwin said British Prime Minister Theresa May has been impressed by statements made by President Mnangagwa so far on economic and political reforms, which have sent important signals around the world about the country's readiness for investment.
She said investment opportunities in the country were being explored following the recent visit to Zimbabwe by Commonwealth Development Corporation officials.
“The UK obviously is already very involved in (investment) through our Department of International Development in a wide range of assistance to projects right across Zimbabwe and we were also able to talk about the role of CDC organisation within the Department of International Development, which visited Zimbabwe recently and is able to invest in a wised range of projects in the private sector and I think with outline of economic and political reforms that the President has set out, this will send a strong signal to investors around the world,” said Minister Baldwin.
President Mnangagwa further stated that the country was making tremendous progress in mending its relationships with various nations across the world.
“Internationally, we continue to make excellent progress building partnerships across the world. Following a historic week at Davos, I was welcomed with open arms by our African brothers at the AU (African Union), as the representative of the new Zimbabwe,” he said.
President Mnangagwa said his pronouncement last week of extending the length of land leases available to white farmers — up from five years to 99 was aimed at enhancing the country's agricultural productivity.
“In my inauguration speech, I promised to reform our agricultural sector. This is just one policy of many that will fulfil our nation's true agricultural potential,” he said.
President Mnangagwa said he was glad that the newly sworn Zimbabwe Electoral Commission chairperson Justice Priscilla Makanyara Chigumba reiterated his call for credible, free and fair elections.
“In the speech, I also promised to ensure credible, free and fair elections later this year. So I was pleased to see the new Zimbabwe Electoral Commission chair reinforce my call for unity and peace, and made clear that the next elections will be democratic, free and fair. That's a goal all Zimbabweans can get behind,” he said.
Numbers cannot overwhelm truth and justice in efforts to oust Chief Justice Maria Lourdes Sereno in the House of Representatives dominated by allies of President Duterte, her spokespersons said on Friday, a day after a congressional committee found sufficient grounds to impeach her.
Thursday's 25-2 vote by the House committee on justice cleared the way for the next step to her impeachment—the determination of probable cause.
Once that is established, the support of only one-third of the 293 members of the House would send the impeachment complaint to the Senate for trial.
ADVERTISEMENT
‘Not unexpected'
The committee vote “was not unexpected,” Sereno's spokespersons said in a statement.
“Congress, after all, is a numbers game,” they said. “But the truth is not a numbers game. Justice is not a numbers game. The Chief Justice remains confident that, in the end, truth and justice will prevail.”
Meanwhile, Ombudsman Conchita Carpio Morales, who is also under threat of being removed from her post, said on Friday that she was uncowed by plans by the President himself to file an impeachment complaint against her.
‘Scared? Never!'
“I can stand my ground. I have nothing to hide, therefore I'm not fearing anything,” Morales said in an interview with GMA News. “I'm being scared? No! Never!”
Mr. Duterte on Wednesday said an impeachment complaint would be filed against Morales for being part of a “conspiracy” to oust him and for practicing “selective justice.”
ADVERTISEMENT
He made the threat after the Office of the Ombudsman announced it was investigating his and his family's alleged hidden wealth.
The President said he would also file an impeachment complaint against Sereno for alleged corruption, citing the Chief Justice's undeclared professional fees that she had received from the government in the Piatco case, which was also one of the grounds cited by lawyer Lorenzo Gadon in his impeachment complaint.
Sereno's spokespersons questioned the manner in which members of the House committee voted, saying they did so without deliberating on each of the 27 allegations specified in Gadon's complaint.
Gadon's charges against Sereno also included her alleged failure to declare her real wealth in her statement of assets, liabilities and net worth, including P37 million in lawyer's fees, and buying a P5-million Toyota Land Cruiser for her personal use with government funds.
He also alleged that Sereno made questionable decisions without consulting her fellow magistrates and manipulated judicial appointments.
Sereno's spokespersons said it was alarming that Gadon's complaint was found sufficient when even the lawyer himself conceded that some of his charges were “not impeachable offenses, and that others are still being deliberated by the Supreme Court.”
Sereno's right to cross-examine her accusers, “a fundamental right enshrined in our Constitution,” was also ignored by the committee, they said.
Show of solidarity
Outside Morales' office, prodemocracy activists and civil society leaders joined employees of the Office of the Ombudsman in morning prayers on Friday to show support for the country's chief antigraft prosecutor.
Among them was former Education Secretary Armin Luistro who said it appeared that Morales was being persecuted and they wanted to show support for her through prayers.
Morales briefly met Luistro and the others to thank them but she opted to stay away from the gathering because, as Luistro said, “it might be taken the wrong way, and ‘[she] would be accused of being the one to have organized it,' or that ‘[she was] politicizing this gathering.'”
“The Office of the Ombudsman is grateful for your expression of solidarity in support of the institution and its steadfast commitment to uphold the rule of law and perform its constitutional mandate. We join you in praying for our country,” Morales said in a message that was read during the assembly.
Magdalo Rep. Gary Alejano, former Social Welfare Secretary Dinky Soliman and former Commission on Human Rights Chair Loretta Rosales also attended the gathering, along with actor Pen Medina and media watchdogs Vergel Santos and Melinda Quintos de Jesus.
‘Direct assault on democracy'
The Commission on Human Rights (CHR) on Friday also expressed support for the Office of Ombudsman and its “gravest concern on the threatening pronouncements” by the President against Morales.
“This cannot but be construed as a direct assault on the independence of a Constitutional body, which should not be tolerated in any democracy,” the CHR said.
Alejano said the Presidential Anti-Corruption Commission created by Mr. Duterte was unconstitutional and would only overlap with the Ombudsman's functions.
He said the new commission was meant to threaten and intimidate the Ombudsman.
“This is also an assault on the Ombudsman,” he said.
The commission created under Executive Order No. 43 was “solely dedicated” to assist the President in investigating complaints and fact-finding inquiries on erring government officials.
Irony
Sen. Panfilo Lacson said the President might have given the Ombudsman more teeth to go after corrupt government officials by creating the commission.
“It's an irony that while the President may want a body to check on the Ombudsman, he created one that the Ombudsman needs exactly. It's interesting to watch how this new partnership plays,” Lacson told reporters in a text message on Friday.
Minority Leader Franklin Drilon said the commission had no power over constitutional bodies and it could not be used to discipline any member, official and employee outside the executive branch, including the judiciary and the Ombudsman.
Senate President Aquilino Pimentel III said there was nothing wrong in creating a commission as long as the body was aware of the limitations of its functions and powers.
Not for harassment
Chief presidential legal counsel Salvador Panelo said the new commission would not be used by Mr. Duterte to harass critics.
“We have a different kind of president. He doesn't like this kind of harassment,” Panelo said.
Panelo also said he was studying whether the provision in the Ombudsman charter that grants the Ombudsman investigatory powers over impeachable officials was unconstitutional.
“My theory is the provision of the Ombudsman law is unconstitutional because it circumvents the doctrine of presidential immunity,” he said.
The President should only be investigated after his term ends, he said. —WITH REPORTS FROM JAYMEE T. GAMIL, LEILA B. SALAVERRIA AND JOCELYN R. UY
Share This Video Facebook Twitter EMAIL
2017 was big for both Kesha and Macklemore: She had a No. 1 comeback album, he survived a brutal car crash, and together, they released the powerful pop ballad “Good Old Days.” Macklemore previously said that while working on the song, the two became good friends pretty quickly, and now, the duo has announced that they'll be palling around all next summer during their joint tour, “The Adventures Of Kesha & Macklemore Tour.”
The announcement came via a goofy video, in which Macklemore proclaims he's giving up music in favor of rollerblading. Kesha pulls up in a gold car and matching outfit to save the day, suggesting that the two tour together instead of skating around. Macklemore says he's in, to which Kesha responds, “Good. Take these f-ckin' things off.”
The North American tour kicks off in Phoenix on June 6th and wraps up two months later, in Tampa on August 5. Tickets will enter pre-sale soon, so check out the touring schedule below.
By Jonathan Allen
(Reuters) - Two years before police say Travis Reinking fatally shot four people in a Waffle House in Nashville, he struggled with delusions that the singer Taylor Swift was hacking his phone and threatened to kill himself, according to police records.
The 2016 episode in a drugstore parking lot in Morton, a village in central Illinois, was the first of several known police encounters captured in incident reports, which were obtained by local news media outlets and seen by Reuters after Sunday's shooting in the Tennessee capital.
The reports suggest a young man with apparent mental illness, distrust of authority and access to guns. Police became so concerned that they rescinded Reinking's license to carry concealed firearms last August.
Police said on Monday afternoon that they had taken Reinking, a 29-year-old construction worker, into custody.
Authorities said he arrived barely dressed at the Waffle House restaurant the day before with an assault-style rifle, killing two people outside and two inside. Heavy rain hampered the use of helicopters and sniffer dogs in the manhunt.
A customer at the restaurant managed to wrestle Reinking's rifle away before Reinking fled, shedding his jacket, the only thing he was wearing, police said.
In 2016, Reinking's parents and grandmother told police they had been worried about their son for nearly two years when they called emergency responders to the drugstore parking lot in Morton, saying Reinking was threatening to kill himself.
Reinking's father, Jeffrey Reinking, and other members of his family could not be reached by Reuters for comment.
Reinking said Taylor Swift was stalking him and messing with his phone and his Netflix account, and that his family and police were helping her, according to a report on the incident filed by the Tazewell County, Illinois, sheriff's office. The report said Reinking was "delusional" and told police he believed he had autism.
"Travis stated he did not want to hurt Taylor Swift or anyone else, he only wanted the harassment to stop," the police report said. Reinking eventually agreed to go to a hospital but said it was against his will, the report said.
GUN LICENSE REVOKED
About a year later, county sheriff's deputies were called to a swimming pool after Reinking turned up in a pink woman's house coat, which he stripped off before swimming in his underwear. He began yelling at lifeguards and showing them his genitals, insisting he was a man, the police report said. Pool officials said they did not want to press charges.
After police learned that Reinking had been seen by neighbors screaming and waving a rifle in the air earlier that morning, they advised Reinking's father to lock up Reinking's three rifles and his handgun "until Travis gets mental help," the police report said.
Reinking traveled to Washington the following month, and was arrested on the White House grounds by Secret Service officers on July 7, 2017, and charged with unlawful entry after crossing a security barrier, the agency said in a statement
By the end of the summer, after at least one more episode in which Reinking tried to convince police that people were stalking him, the county sheriff's office sent deputies to revoke his concealed-carry license and to advise Reinking's father to lock up the son's guns.
Before the year was out, Reinking moved to Nashville, the unofficial capital of country music, which boasts Taylor Swift among its more famous residents.
Nashville Police Chief Steve Anderson said Reinking was fired from his job as in the crane or construction business about three weeks ago, and that he was hired by another employer doing the same type of work but failed to show up for work last Tuesday, a day after he was hired.
The Nashville Metro Police Department said on Sunday that Reinking's father had acknowledged that he had given Reinking back his guns.
In January 2017, the Mountain Mail, a small daily newspaper in Salida, Colorado, quoted Reinking in a man-on-the-street column responding to the question "What makes you happy?"
Reinking, identified as being from Salida, which is about 140 miles (225 km) southwest of Denver, said, "True Love. Just because it's the best thing that can happen in life," the newspaper's publisher, Merle Baranczyk, said by phone.
(Reporting by Jonathan Allen in New York; Editing by Frank McGurty and Jonathan Oatis)
NIZHNY NOVGOROD, Russia (AP) — France picked up two trophies in 1998: One, of course, was the country's only World Cup title, won on home soil. It was also the birth year of Kylian Mbappe, the 19-year-old who's emerging as one of the biggest stars of the World Cup.
"Well, that was a good year for him to be born, even if he didn't see much of the 1998 World Cup," joked French coach Didier Deschamps, who was the captain in '98. "I'm very happy that Mbappe is a French citizen."
?It will be France's searing speed led by Mbappe and Antoine Griezmann against Uruguay's defense anchored by Diego Godin on Friday in Nizhny Novgorod in the World Cup quarterfinals. The winner will face Brazil or Belgium.
Uruguay has given up only one goal in four World Cup matches, and France has scored seven — most in the 4-3 victory over Argentina in the round of 16.
In scoring twice against Argentina , Mbappe became the first teenager with multiple goals in a World Cup knockout game since a 17-year-old Pele did it twice (including a hat trick against France) in 1958.
It's a big stage with inevitable comparisons that Mbappe smiled about and then batted away.
"It's flattering to be the second one since Pele," said Mbappe, born in France to a father from Cameroon and a mother from Algeria. "But let's put things in perspective. Pele's another category."
This is France's seventh quarterfinal and its fourth in the last six World Cups dating back to 1998 and the famous side led by Deschamps, Patrick Vieira, Zinedine Zidane and Thierry Henry — the so-called "Rainbow Team" from a multicultural France.
"In a World Cup you have the top-level players," said Mbappe, who plays for Paris Saint-Germain. "So it's an opportunity to show what you can do and what your abilities are. There is no better place than a World Cup."
After three lackluster games in group play, France was electric in its most recent match, particularly in the second half when it cut up Argentina's plodding defense. Five of France's starters in the first group match had never played in the World Cup, including Mbappe.
"You need some patience," Deschamps said.
Deschamps has compared playing Uruguay to facing Peru, which narrowly lost to France 1-0 in group play on a goal by Mbappe.
He termed Uruguay "solid and aggressive" in a French television interview, adding: "These are not qualities displayed by Argentina."
The match will showcase several cross-border friendships.
Griezmann plays at Atletico Madrid where his teammates are Uruguayan defenders Godin and Jose Maria Gimenez. Godin is the godfather of Griezmann's daughter.
While Godin and Gimenez will try to stop Griezmann, Uruguay striker Luis Suarez will be opposing Barcelona teammate Samuel Umtiti.
"I've always joked ... that I wanted to face Umtiti at a World Cup," Suarez said. "And it came true."
Suarez's running mate, Edinson Cavani, scored both goals in the knockout win over Cristiano Ronaldo and Portugal but is nursing a hamstring injury, and it' unclear if he will play.
His absence would be a blow to the South Americans, but defense is the real key with coach Oscar Tabarez expecting to see less of the ball.
"I think very often there's the mistaken belief that ball possession leads to scoring opportunities," said Tabarez, who took over in 2006.
"If you don't have ball possession, you can still inflict pain."
Tuesday - Thundery showers mainly over northern and eastern Singapore in the afternoon.
Wednesday - Late morning and early afternoon thundery showers.
Corinne Olympios is speaking out on the incident that went down in Mexico while filming Bachelor in Paradise.
Just two days after news broke that the production on the popular Bachelor spinoff was suspended due to allegations of misconduct involving her castmate, DeMario Jackson, the reality star has released a statement to ET.
WATCH: Inside 'Bachelor in Paradise' Fallout After Incident Between Corinne Olympios and DeMario Jackson
"I am a victim and have spent the last week trying to make sense of what happened on June 4," the statement reads. "Although I have little memory of that night, something bad obviously took place, which I understand is why production on the show has now been suspended and a producer on the show has filed a complaint against the production."
"As a woman, this is my worst nightmare and it has now become my reality," the statement continues. "As I pursue the details and facts surrounding that night and the immediate days after, I have retained a group of professionals to ensure that what happened on June 4 comes to light and I can continue my life, including hiring an attorney to obtain justice and seeking therapy to begin dealing with the physical and emotional trauma stemming from that evening."
According to TMZ, Olympios has hired a team of lawyers, including Marty Singer (who's worked with John Travolta, Charlie Sheen, Bill Cosby and Jonah Hill), to "seek justice" for what happened on set.
WATCH: What Really Happens While 'Bachelor in Paradise' Is Filming?
As ET previously reported, a source told ET on Sunday that Jackson and Olympios allegedly started hooking up in the pool after the cast had been "drinking all day," and that a "third party" felt uncomfortable, claiming misconduct in the workplace.
"Corinne says she doesn't remember much of anything," the source said at the time. "After the incident with DeMario and Corinne, some producers were gone the next day and nobody knew why."
At the time of publication, Jackson has not filed a complaint, and what really caused the halt in production for the forthcoming season of BIP is still under investigation. On Sunday, Warner Bros. released the following statement to ET:
"We have suspended production and we are conducting a thorough investigation of these allegations. Once the investigation is complete, we will take appropriate responsive action."
No additional information regarding the nature of the stated allegations of misconduct has been released. ET has reached out to Jackson for comment.
WATCH: 'Bachelor in Paradise' Scandal: Everything We Know So Far
Related Articles
Getty Image
Today, Donald Trump signed an order changing, yet again, the thrust of NASA's mission. Normally, this is just political rigamarole and of more annoyance to space wonks and policy fans than anybody else. But this time around, there are some clear, and potentially serious, consequences to what Trump is trying to do — send astronauts back to the Moon and eventually to Mars.
NASA, under Obama, was focused on Earth: If you want a full look at Obama's approach to space, you can find it in his NASA Authorization Act, but essentially, Obama was in no great rush and was as interested in Earth as he was in Mars, funding climate science and other work in addition to developing technologies for a long-term Mars mission. This was a switch from the Bush-era NASA, which was working on Constellation, which planned to spend more time on the Moon as part of a longer-term plan to go to Mars.
If you want a full look at Obama's approach to space, you can find it in his NASA Authorization Act, but essentially, Obama was in no great rush and was as interested in Earth as he was in Mars, funding climate science and other work in addition to developing technologies for a long-term Mars mission. This was a switch from the Bush-era NASA, which was working on Constellation, which planned to spend more time on the Moon as part of a longer-term plan to go to Mars. Trump more or less just told NASA to dust off its Bush-era plans: Trump's orders essentially revive the Constellation program, although it will likely involve much more of a private spaceflight component, since Trump's pick for NASA administrator, James Bridenstine is very much pro-business, and not an engineer or scientist. He's also a climate change denier, so many are worried that NASA's excellent work in that area is about to come to an end.
Trump's orders essentially revive the Constellation program, although it will likely involve much more of a private spaceflight component, since Trump's pick for NASA administrator, James Bridenstine is very much pro-business, and not an engineer or scientist. He's also a climate change denier, so many are worried that NASA's excellent work in that area is about to come to an end. NASA is in a better place to execute Constellation, but it was a flawed program: During the Bush administration, billions was spent on Ares I, which ultimately didn't pan out. However, it does have Orion, a successfully tested crew vehicle, and in theory it could be back on the moon within a decade. But there are very real medical questions about how long humans can remain in space, and building a moonbase, not to mention establishing regular traffic back and forth between the Moon as a staging ground to go to Mars, has a lot of question marks. And it may all be pointless without more advanced climate science work to help us understand the weather, since rocket launches are finicky things.
During the Bush administration, billions was spent on Ares I, which ultimately didn't pan out. However, it does have Orion, a successfully tested crew vehicle, and in theory it could be back on the moon within a decade. But there are very real medical questions about how long humans can remain in space, and building a moonbase, not to mention establishing regular traffic back and forth between the Moon as a staging ground to go to Mars, has a lot of question marks. And it may all be pointless without more advanced climate science work to help us understand the weather, since rocket launches are finicky things. And all of this is under threat anyway: Republicans love NASA, perhaps because its work directly benefits Republican strongholds, but there's also this tax bill you may have heard about that cuts funding across the board. NASA won't be able to buy moon boots, let alone a rocket to the moon, if its budget gets cut.
In other words, Trump can insist this is a job-creating move, as he does in the below clip. But unless he backs that executive order with money, NASA isn't going anywhere.
NEW YORK (AP) — Shamorie Ponds scored 33 points and St. John's stunned No. 4 Duke 81-77 at Madison Square Garden on Saturday, snapping an 11-game losing streak and handing the suddenly suspect Blue Devils their second loss in eight days.
Bashir Ahmed added 19 points and Tariq Owens had 17 for the Red Storm (11-13), who overcame an early 10-point deficit and fought off Duke's heralded freshmen down the stretch in their biggest win under third-year coach Chris Mullin.
St. John's was playing the second of three straight games against top-6 opponents in a span of nine days. Next up, a visit to No. 1 Villanova on Wednesday night.
Gary Trent Jr. had 22 points for the Blue Devils (19-4), who perhaps got caught looking ahead to their first matchup of the season with bitter rival North Carolina on Thursday night. Freshman sensation Marvin Bagley III scored 19 but sat out a significant chunk of the second half with four fouls.
Outhustled all afternoon, Duke was coming off an easy win over Notre Dame that followed a disappointing 65-63 loss to No. 2 Virginia at home last weekend.
Winless in 11 Big East games this season, the Red Storm improved to 11-2 in nonconference play. They led by 11 with 6½ minutes left before Duke stormed back and took a 73-72 advantage on Trent's two free throws with 1:35 to play, its first lead since early in the second half.
Fans of both schools were on their feet in the final minute.
Ponds, who also grabbed seven rebounds in his second consecutive 30-point game, put St. John's back in front with a driving layup and drained a 3-pointer from the corner to make it 77-73 with 40 seconds left.
Grayson Allen's only 3 seconds later trimmed the margin to one, but Owens hit two free throws with 32.2 seconds to go.
Bagley made one of two foul shots with 20.4 seconds left and Ponds did the same to make it 80-77 with 17.5 seconds to go. Allen missed a 3 at the other end and Owens grabbed the rebound before sinking one of two free throws with 2.7 seconds remaining to seal it as Ponds waved his arms, spurring on the sellout crowd of 19,812.
It was the first meeting between the teams since Duke coach Mike Krzyzewski got his 1,000th career win with a 77-68 victory at Madison Square Garden on Jan. 25, 2015.
BIG PICTURE
Duke: Fell to 34-19 at the Garden, including 29-11 under Coach K. … The Blue Devils will be back in New York City next month for the ACC Tournament across the river at Barclays Center in Brooklyn. … Duke leads the all-time series 16-7.
St. John's: After three losses this season to top-10 opponents, the Red Storm finally broke through. They have played the fifth-toughest schedule in the country this season according to the NCAA, the school said.
FIVE STAR
The matchup between two of the top-10 winningest programs in Division I history was played in tribute to the late Howard Garfinkel, who ran the famous Five-Star Basketball Camp from 1966-2008, attracting many of the game's greatest players before they blossomed in college. The logo at center court read “The Garf.”
UP NEXT
Duke: Plays at North Carolina on Thursday night, the first of two regular-season meetings between the longtime rivals.
St. John's: In their first meeting with top-ranked Villanova this season, the Red Storm lost 78-71 on Jan. 13 at Madison Square Garden.
(© Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All Rights Reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.)
Picture credit: Jim Pickard
This graphic is from a presentation presided over by John McDonnell today. It apparently explains the structure of McDonnell's proposed Strategic Investment Board. If it looks to you like a diagram of the power grid for the Central Electricity Generating Board circa 1949 it is because it comes from the same mindset that designed the CEGB. Does it look like the kind of nimble financial organisation to take on and beat the Silicon Valley investment giants creating our world?
Not impressed? It is only when you see the kind of nonsense being pumped out by the people around McDonnell trying to update state socialism (with an iPad) that you remember that only 3 years ago McDonnell was typically spending his evenings giving his alternative economics briefings to two old tankies, an adolescent plastic-bag carrying trot and a confused old lady keeping warm. Now the FT comes along to wonder at his ideas.
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu gave the order in 2011 for the military to prepare to attack Iran within 15 days, a former Mossad chief said in remarks released on Thursday.
Tamir Pardo, who served as head of the Israeli intelligence agency from 2011 to 2016, told Israeli Keshet TV's investigative show Uvda that the order was not given "for the sake of a drill," according to excerpts of the interview released ahead of the broadcast on Thursday evening.
"When he tells you to start the countdown process, you know that he isn't playing games with you," Pardo is quoted as saying. "These things have enormous significance."
There was no immediate comment from Netanyahu's office on Pardo's claim.
On Wednesday, Netanyahu said Israel "will not allow Iran to arm itself with nuclear weapons. We will continue to act against its intentions to establish itself militarily in Syria besides us, not just opposite the Golan Heights, but any place in Syria."
Pardo's claim comes as archenemies Israel and Iran are fighting a shadow war in Syria, which briefly threatened to burst into full-blown conflagration this month after Israel bombed Iranian positions in Syria, killing Iranian fighters after an alleged Iranian rocket barrage toward the Israeli-controlled Golan Heights.
In February, Israel shot down what it said was an armed Iranian drone that entered Israeli airspace. Israel responded by attacking anti-aircraft positions in Syria, and an Israeli warplane was shot down during the battle.
Israel has increasingly warned that it sees Iranian influence in Syria as a threat, pointing to Iran's military presence inside the country as well as that of Iranian-backed militiamen.
Netanyahu has long been a strident critic of Iran and has accused Tehran of attempting to develop nuclear weapons and long range ballistic missiles. Ex-prime minister Ehud Barak, who served as Netanyahu's defense minister in 2011, has previously claimed Netanyahu sought to bomb Iran in 2010 and 2011, but was opposed by senior Israeli officials.
Pardo said that upon receiving the command, he sought "clarifications about everything I could, I checked with legal advisers, I consulted with everyone I could to understand who is authorized to give the order concerning launching a war."
According to the excerpts, Pardo said he wanted "to be certain that if, heaven forbid, something incorrect happened, even if the mission failed, that there won't be a situation where I carried out an illegal operation."
It wasn't clear from the preview what happened after Netanyahu's purported order but Israel never carried out a strike on Iran in 2011.
Netanyahu has recently intensified his criticism of the nuclear agreement reached between world powers and Iran in 2015. President Donald Trump withdrew the United States from that deal earlier this month.
There is also a concerted effort by Netanyahu's administration to convince Russia to pressure Iran to withdraw its forces from war-torn Syria.
The Philippine approach to rice production and supply management continues to expose the country to shortages and price spikes, as its agricultural policy remains unchanged over several administrations despite disastrous results, an economist said on Monday.
University of the Philippines professor Ramon L. Clarete said Agriculture Secretary Emmanuel Piñol was doing the same things that his predecessor had done.
Clarete was referring to Proceso Alcala, who championed the Aquino administration's push for rice self-sufficiency and took the blame for its failure.
ADVERTISEMENT
Piñol on Sunday lashed out at economists and think tanks after the Inquirer reported on a commentary from New York-based Global Source Partners, which warned that the Duterte administration's rice policy exposed the country to the risk of falling stocks and spiking prices.
As Piñol himself announced last week, “President Rody Duterte has ordered the National Food Authority (NFA) to buy the paddy rice produce of Filipino farmers and import only if there is a shortfall.”
Clarete described this policy as “local procurement first, we are not by the way against rice imports, and there is no need to import rice because we are sufficient in supply.”
Piñol took issue with economists and think tanks for suggesting that the ban on imports be reconsidered and that the NFA be allowed to import quickly as its buffer stock was running low and the lean months were approaching.
He said he never said that there should be no importation. “All that I asked the President was not to allow importation at peak harvest season.”
Wrong equation
But Clarete said Piñol, like his predecessor, mistakenly equated sufficiency with no importation. “If local supply is equal to local consumption, that is 100-percent sufficiency all right but at a higher price,” Clarete told the Inquirer. “There is rice availability (supply may not drop) but access to that supply may not be inclusive because of the higher price.”
“So if the price goes up in the coming months, because of the ‘no need to import rice because we are sufficient in supply' policy, the supply is not enough for the poor consumers,” Clarete said.
In his post on social media, Piñol said Mr. Duterte's order to defer imports until after the harvest resulted in farmers' income rising by P24.38 billion in the first quarter.
ADVERTISEMENT
Clarete said the beneficiaries of the P24.38 billion included “greedy big farmers who informally ‘bought' the rice lands of agrarian reform beneficiaries” as well as the few farmers (big or small) who are active members of farmers' associations.
Farmers' divide
“We had heard this before, and politicians do not appreciate the divide between the small and big farmers, the small farmers and traders/creditors, and the unorganized and organized rice farmers,” Clarete said.
Citing data from a satellite-data processing technology developed by the International Rice Research Institute, Piñol said farm yield in the first quarter increased to 4.14 million metric tons of palay even as the harvest area decreased to 997,687 hectares.
The economist noted that Agriculture Secretary Roberto S. Sebastian of the Ramos administration expected good production in the 1994-1995 cropping season and no rice importation, based on a survey of farmers' planting intentions.
“The year following he was out of office when the poor queued at the NFA warehouses for rice in an election year,” Clarete said.
Ways to fix leaks
Clarete suggested three ways to “fix the leaks in the bucket” by throwing away the old bucket and getting a new one.
First is giving cash transfer directly to the bottom 60 percent of rice farmers, coupled with enabling the farmers the right to opt for paying their creditors/traders with cash from the loan proceeds using the warehouse receipts; or giving up their rice to traders in payment for their debt obligation as now practiced.
Second, in the next five years, enact a good warehouse receipts law in which farmers can deposit their paddy rice and use the warehouse receipts to borrow money from rural banks or Landbank coupled with enabling the farmers the right to two options similar to the cash transfer proposal.
For the long haul, “(let us) free agriculture from agriculture secretaries who equate good performance with zero rice imports,” Clarete said.
Piñol said he never called for zero importation. “Tell (Clarete) the Philippines must be free from armchair economic experts who could not even read properly. I have an extra pair of eyeglasses. I could give it to him.”
The crime-victims department of the Honenu legal-aid organization has filed an appeal of the police to close the case in the attempted theft of 200 head of sheep next to the Binyamin Region Jewish community of Cochav Hashahar only days after the complaint was filed.
The police called a case of "unknown criminals". Honenu and the farmer whose livestock was almost stolen say the police could make better use of fingerprints and security video from the scene as well as security video from nearby roads.
JOHNSON CITY, TN (WJHL) – Johnson City's Legion Street Pool will serve as a popular fishing hole this weekend.
The Johnson City Police Department will host it's annual “Say Yes to Fishing … No to Drugs” event on Saturday.
The Legion Street Pool is filled with hundreds of Rainbow trout, giving kids the chance to reel in a big catch.
Children, ages 3-14, are invited to fish with an accompanying adult.
The “Say Yes to Fishing” event kicks off at 9 a.m. at Legion Street Pool and wraps up at 4 p.m.
Copyright 2017 WJHL. All rights reserved.
Americans think it's safer to use marijuana than opioids to relieve pain, but they were less comfortable with children and pregnant women using pot to treat medical conditions, according to a new Yahoo/Marist poll released Monday.
Two-thirds of the respondents in the telephone survey said opioid drugs such as Vicodin or OxyContin are "riskier" to use than pot, even when the pain pills are prescribed by a doctor.
Only one in five said marijuana was riskier than opioids. The rest weren't sure.
Every day, an overdose of prescription opioids or heroin kills 91 people, and legions more are brought back from the brink of death. Some 2 million Americans are thought to be hooked on the pills.
Last month, President Donald J. Trump appointed an opioid commission to look into the problem.
Marijuana by itself is not fatal. Doctors technically don't prescribe it for pain or other purposes but most states that allow medical marijuana do require patients to get a doctor's written recommendation to purchase it to treat their conditions.
Among those answering the Yahoo/Marist poll, 83 percent said the drug should be legal nationally for medical treatment.
But 70 percent said it is not acceptable for pregnant women to use marijuana to reduce nausea or pain. And the survey respondents were about evenly divided on whether marijuana should be recommended for children if it were legal.
The survey respondents were deeply divided on how Trump should approach pot: 38 percent said he shouldn't be as tough about enforcing federal laws against recreational pot use as President Barack Obama, whose policy generally was to leave states alone.
Another 30 percent said Trump should take a harder line than Obama, while the rest weren't sure or said Trump should treat it about the same as Obama did.
Trump's administration has sent mixed messages to the 28 states and Washington, D.C., in violation of federal drug law when it comes to pot.
Trump said as a candidate that states should be allowed to tinker with marijuana laws. But new U.S. Attorney General Jeff Sessions has said marijuana is dangerous and marijuana changes by states should not be allowed.
There has been no action yet by the U.S. Justice Department or any other federal agencies to crack down on states violating the Controlled Substances Act, which bans pot for any use.
The Yahoo/Marist telephone poll of 1,122 adults was conducted last month and had a margin of error of plus or minus 2.9 percentage points.
Getty Image
The Philadelphia 76ers are finally on the up and up, but it was an excruciating, years-long climb out of basketball futility for both the team and its fan base that was the culmination of former GM Sam Hinkie's controversial rebuilding efforts.
After Hinkie was deposed, Joel Emiid — the spiritual centerpiece of that philosophical endeavor — threw his support behind the fired executive by nicknaming himself “The Process” in honor of the now-iconic axiom that became Hinkie's calling card during his tenure in Philadelphia.
On Tuesday, Embiid opened up about his relationship with Hinkie, saying that the two remain in contact and that he can't help but feel somewhat responsible for his ultimately ill-fated run as the organization's general manager.
Egypt's parliament on Wednesday approved a maritime accord with Saudi Arabia that transfers the two strategic Red Sea islands of Sanafir and Tiran to the kingdom. The approval came a day after an Egyptian parliamentary committee approved the same agreement by a majority of 35 to eight.
Wednesday's vote came after days of heated debate in parliament with opponents even interrupting one committee session with chanting, reported AFP.
West Lincoln medical facility still on the table
MATT CHAPMAN
Staff Writer
A withdrawn rezoning request that sparked more than an hour of heated discussion at a joint meeting between the Lincoln County Board of Commissioners and planning board earlier this month has been filed for a second time by Lincolnton Main Street, LLC.
The request, which calls to rezone three acres on the northeast corner of Highway 27 and Howards Creek Mill Road in western Lincoln County from residential single-family to conditional zoning general business, was withdrawn prior to a vote by the board of commissioners. The rezoning would permit the construction of a new 15,000 square-foot medical office building to house West Lincoln Family Medicine.
A community involvement meeting was conducted on Nov. 10 where a number of citizens expressed their concerns about the project, which included increased traffic and additional business development along Highway 27. Zoning administrator Randy Hawkins said that the meeting minutes, recorded by a representative of Lincolnton Main Street, don't reflect the contentious nature of the meeting. When asked to elaborate, Hawkins said racial slurs referring to African Americans were used by an attendee who opposed the development.
Commissioner Carrol Mitchem questioned the need to rezone the parcel of land due to the fact that there is undeveloped land already zoned for business less than two miles away. The piece of land Mitchem referenced is located across the street from West Lincoln High School, behind the existing West Lincoln Family Medicine facility.
“We've got property 1.4 miles away that is readily available with roads that have been built to nowhere with the expectation of other businesses moving there,” Mitchem said. “Now, we're going to move down the road 1.4 miles to create another area zoned for business. Throughout the years that I've been commissioner, we've always talked about things not being consistent with the land use plan and this isn't consistent with the land use plan yet staff has recommended approval. I need some explanations.”
Hawkins said Lincoln County is in the process of updating its current land use plan, which has been in place for nearly a decade.
“The land use plan was adopted in 2007 and we're now nine years removed from that,” Hawkins said. “We've had some community meetings on updating the land use plan and one of the things that we've heard at those community meetings is that there needs to be additional area in West Lincoln that is designated for commercial development … This area in question is a likely candidate for that designation.”
The planning board recommended approval of the original rezoning request by a 6-3 vote after a lengthy discussion. Dr. Crystal Mitchem, commissioner Mitchem's sister-in-law, opposed the request and said she didn't want West Lincoln to end up looking like Highway 16 in Denver.
Andrew Robinson, another member of the planning board, questioned whether Crystal Mitchem had a conflict of interest in the case. She owns West Lincoln Veterinary Hospital, which is located adjacent to the parcel of land proposed for development by Carrol Mitchem earlier in the night.
According to the minutes recorded during the Dec. 5 planning board meeting, Crystal Mitchem said that this is not a quasi-judicial case and she has no financial interest in the proposed property.
Max Abernathy, who owns the three acres of land in question, spoke of his affinity for Dr. Jason Glass, who operates West Lincoln Family Medicine. He also urged his fellow Vale residents to embrace the change because “it's coming whether we like it or not.”
“I've lived on this land for almost 73 years so I've seen some things come and go,” Abernathy said. “That parcel is part of a little over 100 (acres) that I own and since this has gained attention I've had several others come to me about selling land, but I'm not in the business of selling land. The only reason that I entertained this one is because I believe that it will benefit the community. I want West Lincoln to improve and someday it's coming because it's a beautiful area. To hear some people talk, you'd think that a little change is the worst thing that could happen. Are we going to keep the rest of the world out of Lincoln County?”
The second rezoning request filed by Lincolnton Main Street, LLC, will be presented in front of commissioners and the planning board on Feb. 6. A second community involvement meeting will be conducted on Jan. 17 at 6:30 p.m. at the Howards Creek Fire Department, located at 3604 Highway 27 in Lincolnton.
Tuesday - Thundery showers mainly over northern and eastern Singapore in the afternoon.
Wednesday - Late morning and early afternoon thundery showers.
If anyone has ever wished they could indulge in some adult beverages while responsibly doing it for a good cause, then the downtown Courtyard is where you need to be this Saturday, March 24, as SM Energy and the Greater Rotary Club of Big Spring join forces to bring the community of Howard County the 3rd Annual Pints for Polio from 7 p.m. to 11 p.m.
Pints for Polio is a beer and wine sampling event where the proceeds go toward the Rotary's International Polio Eradication Project, and also to the Rotary's local projects within the community.
“In the early 80's, the number of polio cases was out the roof and was a genuine fear. Today there are less than 20 cases a year, but we want to completely eradicate polio and this is one way to help that cause,” said Barney Dodd...
For the full story, please see Monday's paper.
SEATTLE (AP) — A man who was brought to the U.S. illegally as a child but was protected from deportation by President Barack Obama's administration has been taken into custody in the Seattle area in what could be the first case of its kind in the country. Daniel Ramirez Medina, 23, was arrested Friday by U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement agents who went to the suburban Seattle home to arrest the man's father. ICE spokeswoman Rose Richeson said in a statement that agents were there targeting a “prior-deported felon.” Ramirez, however, was brought to the U.S. from Mexico when he was 7 and has a work permit under Obama's Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals program. He also has a job, a young son and no criminal record, Northwest Immigrants Rights Project Legal Director Matt Adams said. Ramirez is being held in Tacoma. Richeson said Ramirez told agents he was a gang member and based on those statements and being a “risk to public safety,” he was taken into custody. But Mark Rosenbaum, one of Ramirez's lawyers, responded later Tuesday that Ramirez “unequivocally denies being in a gang” and that the statement from Richeson is inaccurate. “While in custody, he was repeatedly pressured by U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement agents to falsely admit affiliation,” Rosenbaum said. Adams said Ramirez is the first person he knows of with DACA status who has been detained. “This appears to be a complete one-off. We certainly haven't seen this with our other hundreds of clients who have DACA status as well.” Attorneys for Ramirez challenged his detention in federal court in Seattle Monday, arguing the arrest violates his constitutional rights to live and work in this country without the fear of arrest and deportation so long as he satisfies DACA requirements. “Trust in our government depends upon the Executive Branch keeping its word,” Rosenbaum, director of Public Counsel's Opportunity Under Law Project, said in a statement. “Bait and switch sullies the integrity of our nation's core values.” Emily Langlie, a spokeswoman for the US attorney's office in Seattle, said Tuesday afternoon it would be premature to comment on the lawsuit. Recent sweeps by U.S. immigration agents across multiple states have netted some immigrants with no criminal records, a departure from enforcement actions in the last decade. Under the Obama administration, agents focused more narrowly on individuals who posed a security or public safety threat. President Donald Trump made illegal immigration a cornerstone of his campaign, saying he will build a wall along the Mexican border and deport millions of people, although actual plans have yet to be revealed. He has said he wants to focus on people who have committed crimes. During an interview with Time magazine late last year, Trump expressed sympathy for the more than 740,000 people in the DACA program, which started in 2012. “We're going to work something out that's going to make people happy and proud,” he told the magazine. Trump can withdraw the promised protection right away through an “operational memo” because Obama implemented it through one, William Stock, president of the American Immigration Lawyers Association, said previously. Adams said he believes Ramirez was apprehended by mistake. “I don't think this has to do with any change in policy; I just think it was an enforcement procedure gone wrong,” Adams said. “Hopeful they're going to come to their senses.” — This story has been changed to reflect the correct spelling of Emily Langlie's last name.
Comments
comments
Jonesborough, TN (WJHL) — Jonesborough's public water supply will continue to contain flouride.
Monday night, Jonesborough's Board of Mayor and Alderman voted to keep adding flouride to the town's water supply, a course reversal from a previous vote in February when the Jonesborough BMA decided to stop adding flouride over concerns about the impact on public health.
That prompted complaints from some in the community including local dentists who circulated a petition. The American Dental Association even weighed in asking the town to keep adding flouride. Supporters pointed to studies which showed flouride promoted dental health and reduces the risk for tooth decay.
After the vote, Jonesborough Mayor Kelly Wolfe said the board listened to the community, and he said they took new scientific evidence into consideration.
“Even though a decision had been made previously to remove fluoride, there had been some new evidence that had come to light in a new EPA report and a new Mayo clinic report,” Wolfe said.
The BMA vote to keep flouride was unanimous.
“I think the science we've seen at this point now makes us feel okay about that,” Wolfe said. “If it changes in the future, I'd fully expect this board or another board probably to come along and say okay, new evidence we're here to do the right thing.”
Copyright 2017 WJHL. All rights reserved.
NEW YORK (AP) — They're homeless, but a group of men and women from Texas has made it to Carnegie Hall.
The storied New York City concert hall is the venue Wednesday evening for a performance by the Dallas Street Choir, all singers recruited from urban streets and homeless shelters that have been performing since 2015.
About 20 members of the choir were to be joined by 17 residents of a Manhattan homeless shelter.
Concert proceeds benefit homeless services charities.
Dallas Street Choir conductor Jonathan Palant has also brought in some world-class musical luminaries for the performance. They include mezzo-soprano Frederica von Stade, soprano Harolyn Blackwell and composers Jake Heggie and Stephen Schwartz.
Carnegie Hall archivist Gino Francesconi says it is the first time the hall has featured a musical ensemble of homeless performers.
Comments
comments
Newly appointed Vice-chancellor (VC) of Begum Rokeya University, Rangpur (BRUR) Professor Dr Nazmul Ahsan Kalimullah has said the university will become a world standard place for higher education, research and other activities.
"Necessary steps would be taken to turn BRUR into a modern and time- befitting university and place of excellence for higher education, research and all other related subjects," he said after joining at his new office in the campus in Rangpur on Wednesday.
[Read More]
—–
Source: The Financial Express
BC-TEN--French Open Results
TEN--French Open Results
PARIS (AP) — Results Wednesday from the French Open at Stade Roland Garros (seedings in parentheses):
Men's Singles
Second Round
David Goffin (8), Belgium, def. Corentin Moutet, France, 7-5, 6-0, 6-1.
Gael Monfils (32), France, def. Martin Klizan, Slovakia, 6-2, 6-4, 6-4.
Marco Cecchinato, Italy, def. Marco Trungelliti, Argentina, 6-1, 7-6 (1), 6-1.
Pablo Carreno-Busta (10), Spain, def. Federico Delbonis, Argentina, 7-6 (0), 7-6 (2), 3-6, 6-4.
Roberto Bautista-Agut (13), Spain, def. Santiago Giraldo, Colombia, 6-4, 7-5, 6-3.
Novak Djokovic (20), Serbia, def. Jaume Antoni Munar Clar, Spain, 7-6 (1), 6-4, 6-4.
Fernando Verdasco (30), Spain, def. Guido Andreozzi, Argentina, 6-3, 6-2, 6-2.
Grigor Dimitrov (4), Bulgaria, def. Jared Donaldson, United States, 6-7 (2), 6-4, 4-6, 6-4, 10-8.
Matteo Berrettini, Italy, def. Ernests Gulbis, Latvia, 6-2, 3-6, 6-4, 6-3.
Kei Nishikori (19), Japan, def. Benoit Paire, France, 6-3, 2-6, 4-6, 6-2, 6-3.
Gilles Simon, France, def. Sam Querrey (12), United States, 1-6, 7-6 (3), 6-4, 6-1.
Karen Khachanov, Russia, def. Guillermo Garcia-Lopez, Spain, 6-2, 7-6 (7), 6-7 (0), 6-3.
Damir Dzumhur (26), Bosnia-Herzegovina, def. Radu Albot, Moldova, 6-3, 6-3, 5-7, 1-6, 7-5.
Alexander Zverev (2), Germany, def. Dusan Lajovic, Serbia, 2-6, 7-5, 4-6, 6-1, 6-2.
Women's Singles
First Round
Simona Halep (1), Romania, def. Alison Riske, United States, 2-6, 6-1, 6-1.
Second Round
Katerina Siniakova, Czech Republic, def. Kateryna Kozlova, Ukraine, 6-7 (4), 6-4, 6-4.
Barbora Strycova (26), Czech Republic, def. Ekaterina Makarova, Russia, 6-4, 6-2.
Yulia Putintseva, Kazakhstan, def. Jennifer Brady, United States, 6-4, 6-3.
Qiang Wang, China, def. Petra Martic, Croatia, 6-1, 6-1.
Madison Keys (13), United States, def. Caroline Dolehide, United States, 6-4, 6-1.
Naomi Osaka (21), Japan, def. Zarina Diyas, Kazakhstan, 6-4, 7-5.
Mihaela Buzarnescu (31), Romania, def. Rebecca Peterson, Sweden, 6-1, 6-2.
Elina Svitolina (4), Ukraine, def. Viktoria Kuzmova, Slovakia, 6-3, 6-4.
Petra Kvitova (8), Czech Republic, def. Lara Arruabarrena-Vecino, Spain, 6-0, 6-4.
Anett Kontaveit (25), Estonia, def. Alexandra Dulgheru, Romania, 7-5, 6-2.
Camila Giorgi, Italy, def. Mariana Duque-Marino, Colombia, 6-0, 6-3.
Sloane Stephens (10), United States, def. Magdalena Frech, Poland, 6-2, 6-2.
Maria Sakkari, Greece, def. Carla Suarez-Navarro (23), Spain, 7-5, 6-3.
Pauline Parmentier, France, def. Alize Cornet (32), France, 6-7 (2), 6-4, 6-2.
Caroline Wozniacki (2), Denmark, def. Georgina Garcia Perez, Spain, 6-1, 6-0.
Men's Doubles
First Round
Lukasz Kubot, Poland and Marcelo Melo (1), Brazil, def. Marco Cecchinato, Italy and Marton Fucsovics, Hungary, 6-4, 7-5.
Gregoire Jacq, France and Benjamin Bonzi, France, def. Scott Lipsky, United States and Tennys Sandgren, United States, 6-2, 6-4.
Maximo Gonzalez, Argentina and Nicolas Jarry, Chile, def. Paolo Lorenzi, Italy and Mischa Zverev, Germany, 6-1, 6-2.
Stephane Robert, France and Calvin Hemery, France, def. Donald Young, United States and Matthew Ebden, Australia, 6-2, 4-6, 7-6 (6).
Marcel Granollers, Spain and Pablo Cuevas (11), Uruguay, def. Daniel Nestor, Canada and Jeremy Chardy, France, 7-5, 6-2.
Steve Johnson, United States and Jack Sock, United States, def. Nicholas Monroe, United States and John-Patrick Smith, Australia, 7-6 (6), 6-4.
Nicolas Mahut, France and Pierre Hughes Herbert (6), France, def. Robert Lindstedt, Sweden and Marcin Matkowski, Poland, 6-4, 3-6, 7-6 (6).
Evgeny Donskoy, Russia and Miguel Angel Reyes-Varela, Mexico, def. Aisam Qureshi, Pakistan and Jean-Julien Rojer (7), Netherlands, 6-7 (2), 7-6 (5), 6-4.
Leonardo Mayer, Argentina and Joao Sousa, Portugal, def. Constant Lestienne, France and Geoffrey Blancaneaux, France, 7-6 (3), 6-3.
Santiago Gonzalez, Mexico and Marcelo Demoliner, Brazil, def. Roman Jebavy, Czech Republic and Andrei Vasilevski, Belarus, 7-6 (5), 6-7 (8), 7-6 (2).
Feliciano Lopez, Spain and Marc Lopez (12), Spain, def. Andres Molteni, Argentina and Guillermo Duran, Argentina, 6-3, 6-4.
Daniele Bracciali, Italy and Andreas Seppi, Italy, def. Philipp Petzschner, Germany and Maximilian Marterer, Germany, 2-6, 7-6 (6), 6-4.
Guido Pella, Argentina and Diego Schwartzman, Argentina, def. Antonie Hoang, France and Ugo Humbert, France, 6-3, 6-3.
Rajeev Ram, United States and Ivan Dodig (9), Croatia, def. Hans Podlipnik, Chile and Jackson Withrow, United States, 4-6, 6-4, 6-1.
James Cerretini, United States and Marcelo Arevalo-Gonzalez, El Salvador, def. Jan-Lennard Struff, Germany and Ben Mclachlan (14), Japan, 6-7 (4), 7-6 (3), 6-3.
Divij Sharan, India and Yuki Bhambri, India, def. Fabrice Martin, France and Purav Raja, India, 6-3, 5-7, 6-4.
Oliver Marach, Austria and Mate Pavic (2), Croatia, def. Adil Shamasdin, Canada and Sander Arends, Netherlands, 6-2, 6-2.
Women's Doubles
First Round
Kristina Mladenovic, France and Timea Babos (1), Hungary, def. Shuai Zhang, China and Ajla Tomljanovic, Australia, 6-1, 6-4.
Kveta Peschke, Czech Republic and Nicole Melichar (13), United States, def. Shuai Peng, China and Christina McHale, United States, 6-4, 2-6, 7-6 (3).
Makoto Ninomiya, Japan and Eri Hozumi, Japan, def. Polona Hercog, Slovenia and Alison Van Uytvanck, Belgium, 6-0, 6-4.
Yi-Fan Xu, China and Gabriela Dabrowski (5), Canada, def. Fiona Ferro, France and Tessah Andrianjafitrimo, France, 6-3, 6-1.
Bethanie Mattek-Sands, United States and Latisha Chan (4), Taiwan, def. Virginie Razzano, France and Jade Suvrijn, France, 6-4, 6-1.
Katerina Bondarenko, Ukraine and Aleksandra Krunic, Serbia, def. Abigail Spears, United States and Alicja Rosolska (15), Poland, 7-5, 4-6, 7-6 (2).
Sorana Cirstea, Romania and Sara Sorribes Tormo, Spain, def. Elena Vesnina, Russia and Jelena Ostapenko (10), Latvia, 1-6, 6-3, 6-4.
Svetlana Kuznetsova, Russia and Lucie Safarova, Czech Republic, def. Belinda Bencic, Switzerland and Marketa Vondrousova, Czech Republic, 6-2, 6-4.
Ana Isabel Medina Garrigues, Spain and Arantxa Parra Santonja, Spain, def. Alison Riske, United States and Johanna Konta, Britain, 3-6, 6-4, 7-6 (3).
Zhaoxuan Yang, China and Hao-Ching Chan (8), Taiwan, def. Su-Wei Hsieh, Taiwan and Andrea Petkovic, Germany, 6-4, 6-4.
Tatjana Maria, Germany and Heather Watson, Britain, def. Manon Arcangioli, France and Sherazad Reix, France, 6-3, 6-4.
Renata Voracova, Czech Republic and Taylor Townsend, United States, def. Jessika Ponchet, France and Sara Cakarevic, France, 6-4, 6-1.
Johanna Larsson, Sweden and Kiki Bertens (9), Netherlands, def. Alla Kudryavtseva, Russia and Veronika Kudermetova, Russia, 7-5, 6-2.
Venus Williams, United States and Serena Williams, United States, def. Shuko Aoyama, Japan and Miyu Kato (14), Japan, 4-6, 6-4, 6-1.
Darija Jurak, Croatia and Donna Vekic, Croatia, def. Coco Vandeweghe, United States and Ashleigh Barty (7), Australia, 2-6, 6-4, 6-4.
Anastassia Rodionova, Australia and Nadiia Kichenok (16), Ukraine, def. Mandy Minella, Luxembourg and Anastasija Sevastova, Latvia, 3-6, 6-3, 7-5.
Aliaksandra Sasnovich, Belarus and Ying-Ying Duan, China, def. Olga Savchuk, Ukraine and Ana Bogdan, Romania, 6-3, 3-6, 6-1.
Samantha Stosur, Australia and Anastasia Pavlyuchenkova, Russia, def. Lidziya Marozava, Belarus and Lesley Kerkhove, Netherlands, 6-3, 6-4.
Mixed Doubles
First Round
Matwe Middelkoop, Netherlands and Demi Schuurs, Netherlands, def. Michael Venus, New Zealand and Hao-Ching Chan (6), Taiwan, 6-3, 6-2.
Though Lady Gaga and Metallica brought the house down at the GRAMMYs on Sunday, the performance wasn't without its flaws.
Lead singer James Hetfield's mic wasn't working and he had to share with the "Applause" singer. While the group powered through the performance like professionals, drummer Lars Ulrich revealed on The Late Late Show on Tuesday night that the reaction backstage was very different.
WATCH: Laverne Cox Apologizes to Metallica After Forgetting to Mention Them During Their GRAMMYs Intro
"Well, in the heat of the battle you're out there you're playing when it's a technical issue you don't really know is it going to the house, does his vocals gong to the truck?" Ulrich explained. "Maybe it's the monitors, so you just gotta keep playing."
But once they got off the stage, things got heated.
"I haven't seen him like that in 20 years," Ulrich said to Hetfield. "I mean he was livid. I mean, he's aged really well and he's a pretty chill guy, but the first five or 10 minutes in that dressing room was not a lot of fun."
Ultimately, Ulrich thinks the group gave a solid performance, adding, "We fought through it, and, you know, with the fire and Gaga in my lap for a minute at one point, it was just keep going, keep going, keep going. So we just fought through it, and a lot of people said it at least made for great television."
WATCH: Metallica Singer's Mic Is Accidentally Turned Off During Lady Gaga GRAMMY Performance
Ulrich added, "In 35 years we've had a few mishaps," noting one experience where his platform didn't properly rise, adding, "I spent 15 minutes playing two or three songs under the stage."
For more excitement from the GRAMMYs, watch the clip below!
Related Articles
WASHINGTON (AP) — Former FBI Deputy Director Andrew McCabe drafted a memo on circumstances leading up to the firing of his onetime boss, James Comey, a person familiar with the situation said Wednesday night.
The person spoke on condition of anonymity to The Associated Press to discuss a secret document that has been turned over to special counsel Robert Mueller. His team is investigating whether the Trump campaign coordinated with Russia during the 2016 presidential election and whether the president sought to obstruct that inquiry through actions including the firing of Comey last May.
The memo concerns a conversation that McCabe had with Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein about Rosenstein's preparations for Comey's firing. Rosenstein played an important role in that episode, having authored a memo faulting Comey for his handling of the Hillary Clinton email investigation that the White House held up as justification for President Donald Trump's decision to fire the FBI director.
Rosenstein has said he wrote a memo laying out his concerns with Comey after learning that the White House intended to fire him.
According to McCabe's memo, Rosenstein indicated to him that he was initially asked to reference the Russia investigation in his own memo on Comey. But the final version didn't include discussion of Russia and focused instead on the Clinton email case.
Rosenstein appointed Mueller special counsel one week after Comey was fired. He has said he would recuse himself if necessary if his actions became relevant to Mueller's investigation.
The AP reported in March that McCabe had drafted multiple memos, including about his interactions with Trump. Comey also drafted a series of memos about his own encounters with Trump that unnerved him.
The New York Times first reported on the content of this particular memo.
McCabe became FBI acting director following Comey's firing last May. He was fired as deputy director in March, just days before his scheduled retirement, amid an inspector general finding that he had misled internal investigators about his role in an October 2016 disclosure to The Wall Street Journal.
___
Follow Eric Tucker on Twitter at http://www.twitter.com/etuckerAP
Nawaz bent upon getting martial law imposed in country: Imran
PESHAWAR: Pakistan Tehreek-e-Insaf Chairperson Imran Khan said the former prime minister Nawaz Sharif is bent upon getting martial law imposed in the country.
“Nawaz is trying his best for it [imposition of martial law] and you can also see that by the statements passed by PML-N leaders.”
He said the statements released by the army chief do not hint towards the possibility of a martial law.
The PTI chief also alleged that former prime minister Nawaz Sharif is using Pakistan Muslim League-Nawaz to create a rift between country's institutions.
“Nawaz is not fighting for any rights rather he is trying to hide his corruption”, alleged Imran while addressing a press conference.
If money laundering allegations are proven against Nawaz then all of his assets abroad would be frozen, he claimed.
He added, “an attack on Supreme Court is an attack on democracy.”
The PTI chief also spoke about FATA reforms, saying the government has no other option than to merge FATA into Khyber Pakhtunkhwa.
“The conditions in tribal areas especially North and South Waziristan are really bad,” he remarked, adding “It is important that people from those areas also get representation in the provincial assembly.”
If FATA reforms are not implemented that it would affect people in tribal areas the most, he said, stressing that the process should start by 2018.
He also alleged that Mehmood Khan Achakzai is speaking about the benefitting Afghanistan. “Achakzai has nothing to do with FATA”, he claimed.
During the occasion, former district general secretary JUI-F Mufti Sajjad also announced to join PTI.
“It is necessary to eliminate the menace of corruption for a strong and prosperous nation,” said Mufti Sajjad.
On October 2, PTI chief, while addressing a press conference in the federal capital on Monday, said he is being compared to the most corrupt man in the country.
He further said that propaganda is being created and his case is being portrayed in the same light as that of former prime minister Nawaz Sharif.
“They think that if Nawaz is a thief, then Imran Khan must be one as well,” he added.
“I am ready for accountability,” he said, adding that he is submitted his money trail to the Supreme Court.
“I have submitted all the documents pertaining to the money I earned abroad for 20 years,” said the PTI chief.
On the other hand, Sharif family have failed to provide any details of their properties. “Nawaz Sharif's children became millionaires at a young age,” PTI chief reiterated.
Imran alleged that Pakistan Muslim League-Nawaz (PML-N) government is protecting the country's biggest thief. “They are destroying democracy. They have formed a law to protect a criminal” he said referring to the Electoral Reforms Bill 2017.
OUAGADOUGOU, Burkina Faso (AP) — Suspected Islamic extremists opened fire at a Turkish restaurant in the capital of Burkina Faso late Sunday, killing at least 18 people in the second such attack on a restaurant popular with foreigners in the last two years.
There was no immediate claim of responsibility for the violence, which continued into the early hours Monday. Gunfire could be heard almost seven hours after the attack began.
Communication Minister Remi Dandjinou told journalists that at least 18 people were dead and eight others wounded, according to a provisional toll. He said two of the attackers were also killed.
The victims came from several different nationalities, he said. At least one of the dead was French.
Security forces arrived at the scene with armored vehicles after reports of shots fired near Aziz Istanbul, an upscale restaurant in Ouagadougou. The attack brought back painful memories of the January 2016 attack at another cafe that left 30 people dead.
Police Capt. Guy Ye said three or four assailants had arrived at the Aziz Istanbul restaurant on motorcycles, and then began shooting randomly at the crowds dining Sunday evening.
Burkina Faso, a landlocked nation in West Africa, is one of the poorest countries in the world. It shares a northern border with Mali, which has long battled Islamic extremists.
The three attackers in the 2016 massacre were of foreign origin, according to al-Qaida in the Islamic Maghreb, which claimed responsibility in the aftermath along with the jihadist group known as Al Mourabitoun. But the terror threat in Burkina Faso is increasingly homegrown, experts say.
The northern border region is now the home of a local preacher, Ibrahim Malam Dicko, who radicalized and has claimed recent deadly attacks against troops and civilians. His association, Ansarul Islam, is now considered a terrorist group by Burkina Faso's government.
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu will meet face-to-face with President Trump on Wednesday, setting the tone for what both leaders hope to be the dawn of a new era for the U.S.-Israel relationship. Analysts say that the meeting will hope to project a public theme of unity between the two governments on topics including Iran, Israeli settlements and the fate of the peace process.
"Both President Trump and Prime Minister Netanyahu have a very big stake in wanting to demonstrate that whatever the problems were with the last administration, they're now gone," Dennis Ross, a diplomat and former special Middle East coordinator under Clinton, told reporters on a call this week.
While close security and economic ties between the U.S. and Israel continued and expanded during the previous U.S. administration, Netanyahu and then-President Obama often sparred on a number of key issues, particularly over the contours of an Israeli-Palestinian peace agreement and the U.S.-brokered Iranian nuclear deal, which the Israeli leader forcefully denounced.
"There's a strong presumption [now] to send a message how close things are between the two leaders ... to demonstrate that the U.S. and Israel are on the same page strategically and practically," Ross added.
Analysts say that while Iran is likely to figure at the top of Netanyahu's agenda, Israeli settlements, the location of the U.S. Embassy and the peace process are also likely to factor in.
Iran
"The Prime Minister probably comes in with an agenda very heavily focused on Iran," Ross said.
Much of that focus concerns Iranian policy in the region and the nuclear agreement signed in 2015 between Tehran and the so-called P5+1, which Netanyahu opposed.
During his campaign, Trump voiced strong opposition to the Iran nuclear deal and in recent weeks has taken to Twitter to directly threaten Iran. While the administration has thus far continued U.S. participation in the agreement, Trump has expressed an interest in re-negotiating its terms.
Ross said Netanyahu is unlikely to demand a scrap to the agreement altogether, in part because he is determined to work well with Trump out of the gate.
"I think what he [Netanyahu] wants is some understanding -- and awareness not just about enforcement of the deal but that more needs to be done to deter the Iranians," Ross said.
Writing on Facebook on Jan. 30 after an Iranian ballistic missile test, Netanyahu said that “Iranian aggression must not go unanswered,” pledging to discuss with Trump “the renewal of sanctions against Iran in this context and in other contexts.”
In retaliation to the ballistic missile test, the Trump administration on Feb. 3 announced sanctions against Iran, a narrowly tailored action that did not alter the terms of the nuclear agreement that saw Iran receive sanctions relief in exchange for curbs to Tehran's nuclear program.
Embassy moves
On the campaign trail, Trump pledged to move the U.S. embassy from Tel Aviv to Jerusalem, a move opposed by past U.S. administrations because both Israelis and Palestinians claim it as their capital. The U.S. has long maintained that the status of the city should be determined in final status negotiations between the two parties.
Still, there have been some suggestions that Trump has slightly softened his stance.
"His policy seems to be settling back into the mean," former U.S. Ambassador to Israel under President Obama, Daniel B. Shapiro, told Israeli TV channel i24, "which is to support efforts to a two-state solution, to support efforts to limit settlements and not to do things that might be disruptive and moving the embassy might fall into that category."
"It's not an easy decision," Trump said last weekend to the Israeli right-wing newspaper Israel Hayom, a free daily which is supported by Trump donor and Netanyahu patron Sheldon Adelson. "It's been discussed for so many years. No one wants to make this decision, and I'm thinking about it seriously."
But Netanyahu has long supported the move, and is likely to again bring it up.
“Jerusalem is the capital of Israel, and it is proper that not only should the American Embassy be here, but all embassies should come here,” Netanyahu said in January.
Settlements
Since Trump took office on Jan. 20, Netanyahu has ratcheted up settlement expansion, a signal that the White House is far less critical of building in the occupied Palestinian territories than past administrations.
In the last three weeks, Netanyahu announced the approval of more than 6,000 housing units and the first new settlement since the 1990s. The United Nations considers settlements illegal, and they have long been a bone of contention between the U.S. and Israel.
But Trump's pick for U.S. Ambassador to Israel, David Friedman, is an ardent supporter of Israeli settlements and has opposed the two-state solution.
Nonetheless, Trump in the same interview with Israel Hayom seemed to moderate past statements, saying settlements were an obstacle to peace.
"There is limited remaining territory. Every time you take land for a settlement, less territory remains," he told the newspaper. "No, I'm not someone who believes that advancing settlements is good for peace."
Peace negotiations
President Trump has called reaching an Israeli-Palestinian peace the "ultimate deal," and has identified his son-in-law and senior adviser the president Jared Kushner as the man for the job.
"I think we can reach an agreement and that we need to reach an agreement," Trump told Israel Hayom. "I want Israel to act reasonably in the peace process,” he added.
Briefing reporters Tuesday night, a White House official said that the peace process was a priority, but would not commit to pushing the two-state solution which has been the cornerstone of U.S. policy on the Israeli-Palestinian conflict for decades.
"Maybe, maybe not," the official said in response to a question about the two-state solution. "It's something the two sides have to agree to. It's not for us to impose that vision."
The official added: "We're looking at the two sides to come together to make peace together and we'll be there to help them."
When asked by a reporter on the tarmac leaving Tel Aviv this week if he stands by a two-state solution, which he has at various times opposed or supported, Netanyahu responded: “Come with me, you will hear very clear answers, very clear answers."
The Latest on Cynthia Nixon running for New York governor (all times local):
5:55 p.m.
A spokesman for Gov. Andrew Cuomo is responding to the gubernatorial candidacy of liberal activist Cynthia Nixon by saying Cuomo has delivered more progressive wins than any other Democrat in the country.
Former "Sex and the City" star Nixon tweeted Monday that she'll challenge Cuomo in New York's Democratic primary in September. In a campaign video, the public education advocate said, "We want our government to work again."
Nixon in recent speeches has called on Democrats nationally to carve out a strong liberal identity instead of being merely the "anti-Trump party."
Cuomo's campaign said the two-term governor's progressive wins include legalized gay marriage, tough gun laws, a $15 minimum wage, expanded school funding and a ban on a drilling technique known as fracking.
———
2:22 p.m.
Former "Sex and the City" star Cynthia Nixon said on Twitter Monday that she'll challenge Gov. Andrew Cuomo in New York's Democratic primary in September.
Her announcement sets up a race pitting an openly gay liberal activist against a two-term incumbent with a $30 million war chest and possible presidential ambitions.
In a video on Twitter, the public education advocate said, "We want our government to work again."
Nixon in recent speeches has called on Democrats nationally to carve out a strong liberal identity instead of being merely the "anti-Trump party."
The 51-year-old Manhattan mother of three is an ally of Democratic New York City Mayor Bill de Blasio, who frequently clashes with Cuomo on various issues.
The 60-year-old Cuomo was favored 66 percent to 19 percent over Nixon in a recent Siena College poll.
MADRID (AP) — Fugitive Catalan leader Carles Puigdemont denies he is giving up the fight following the publication of text messages in which he reportedly said the Spanish government has won the battle in Catalonia.
In a tweet Wednesday, Puigdemont said he was "human and there are times that I also doubt." But he added that he was president "and I won't cower or step back," adding "We continue!"
He was apparently reacting to a Spanish television channel's publication of images showing private phone messages he allegedly sent Tuesday to a fellow fugitive lawmaker, saying the battle is over and that he has been sacrificed by his allies.
On Tuesday, the Catalan parliament postponed indefinitely a session in which Puigdemont was to due to be re-elected president of the region.
NASHVILLE, Tenn. (AP) – Tennessee's attorney general contends a law deemed discriminatory to same-sex couples in a court challenge does nothing new.
Attorney General Herbert Slatery moved to dismiss the Davidson County Chancery Court lawsuit by four married lesbian couples on behalf of their unborn children.
The law requires using the “natural and ordinary meaning” of words in state law.
The lawsuit says the law may be used to interpret gender-specific words, including “father” and “mother,” literally so one parent won't be recognized and rights can be denied.
Slatery's reply says the new law codifies a longstanding rule. It says a more-specific law requiring gender-specific words to be interpreted as inclusive must be considered.
It says the lawsuit claims only theoretical fear, and the Department of Health already applies artificial-insemination law to same-sex couples.
(Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.)
Educated Rich Liberal Snowflake: Remember Trumptards you couldn't vote for Hillary because she lies, can't be trusted and is unfit. Trump of course always tells the truth, was going to build a wall, repeal and replace Obamacare, and surround himself with "all the best people", draining the swamp. LOL how's all that winning working out for you?
The Denver Sheriff's Department mishandled an investigation into the 2015 death of a man restrained by deputies at the jail and must change its disciplinary and investigative process, a law enforcement watchdog agency said in a blistering report Monday that focused new attention on a case that has already resulted in a $4.6 million settlement.
The report made public by Denver's independent police monitor, a civilian oversight agency for Denver's police and sheriff departments, recommends that a civilian be put in charge of the Internal Affairs Bureau of the sheriff's department that investigates allegations of officer misconduct.
It also called on the sheriff's department to make a variety of changes to its policies on staff training, hiring and interaction with medical staff when an inmate's health conflicts with jail security.
The city of Denver reached the settlement with Michael Marshall's family in November that required other changes at the jail, including mental health coverage being provided there 24 hours a day and training for all deputies on mental illness.
Marshall, 50, died nine days after he was restrained in a prone position for several minutes by Denver jail deputies because they said Marshall was aggressive with another inmate and had ignored commands. He choked on his own vomit, lost consciousness and died later at a hospital.
The report includes new detail about how the sheriff's department responded to Marshall's death and levels harsh criticism at the Internal Affairs Bureau, which began its review of the case in 2016 after prosecutors announced that no criminal charges would be filed.
About a month later, the bureau told the independent monitor's office that its investigation was complete, according to the report.
Independent Monitor Nick Mitchell's office objected, arguing that investigators did not interview any of the deputies who restrained Marshall at the jail or the nurses who were called to the area when Marshall became unconscious. The monitor's office also objected in June when investigators again declined to further investigate.
Both attempts to end the inquiry "raised troubling questions about IAB's willingness to conduct a thorough and impartial investigation of this serious case," the report says. Choosing a civilian to lead the internal affairs division could insulate it from "internal pressures," it says.
The report also questioned why several sergeants present as deputies restrained Marshall were not disciplined.
As supervisors, they should have stepped in, the report said. Deputy Bret Garegnani, Deputy Carlos Hernandez and Captain James Johnson received brief suspensions that were overturned after the officers appealed.
The report also criticizes the sheriff's department for failing to create a policy for reviewing deaths and other incidents at the jail.
The department "tried to minimize potential issues....instead of seeing it as an opportunity to learn," the report said. Garegnani was nominated for the department's "Life Saving Award" for performing CPR on Marshall, the report added.
Jess Vigil, Denver's deputy director of its safety department, defended the internal investigation and disciplinary decisions. He said concerns were raised by the watchdog group but that it ultimately found the investigation "thorough and complete."
Vigil said internal investigators mistakenly relied on results of the criminal investigation into the death initially but did end up conducting their own interviews and research.
The report said nurses told deputies that too much pressure placed on Marshall's neck could cause him to choke after vomiting but deputies refused and said they had to control Marshall.
The monitor's report recommended more training and a supervisor's input during future conflicts between jail medical staff and deputies.
INDIAN WELLS, Calif. (AP) — Victoria Azarenka has been awarded a wild card into the main draw of the BNP Paribas Open after being off the tour for months because of a custody dispute involving her son.
She will return to the California desert after missing last year's tournament following the birth of her son. The former top-ranked player won at Indian Wells in 2012 and 2016.
Azarenka had requested wild cards into Auckland and the Australian Open to start the year, but she withdrew from both events. The custody dispute had limited her travel. She will have a protected ranking when she returns.
Azarenka has reunited with coach Slava Konikov, who resigned last week as Sacramento State men's coach to work with her. He coached Azarenka from 1998-02, when she was the world's top-ranked junior player.
Five more men's and women's wild cards will be awarded in the coming weeks for the tournament that runs March 5-18.
McDonald's says it has reached a settlement with a U.S. labor agency over a lawsuit that could have decided if the fast-food company should be liable for hiring, pay and other decisions made at its franchised restaurants.
The lawsuit, filed in 2016 by the National Labor Relations Board, contended that McDonald's should be considered a "joint employer" with its franchises. But the settlement, if approved by a judge, would squash that.
NLRB did not immediately respond to a request for comment.
McDonald's Corp., based in Oak Brook, Illinois, says the settlement is the first step toward ending "wasteful multi-year litigation."
A former NFL agent has pleaded guilty to violating North Carolina's sports agent law by providing thousands of dollars in improper benefits to three former Tar Heels football players to entice them into signing contracts with him.
Terry Watson entered his plea Monday afternoon in a deal to resolve 3 ?-year-old felony charges. Watson received 30 months of probation and a $5,000 fine, while Judge Graham Shirley issued a suspended jail sentence of six to eight months.
Watson pleaded guilty to the 13 counts of athlete-agent inducement for providing roughly $24,000 in cash and travel accommodations to eventual NFL players Robert Quinn, Marvin Austin and Greg Little. A felony obstruction of justice charge for not providing records sought by authorities was dismissed as part of the deal.
———
More AP college football: www.collegefootball.ap.org
———
Follow Aaron Beard on Twitter at http://www.twitter.com/aaronbeardap
Former Australian PM Tony Abbott said that if US President-elect Donald Trump holds by his promise to move the American embassy in Israel to Jerusalem, then Australia should take a similar step.
Abbott has called on Australia to cut its $40 million-a-year aid budget to the Palestinian Authority while it “keeps paying pensions to terrorists and their families”, according to The Australian.
BISHOPVILLE, S.C. (AP) — A coroner says the seven inmates killed during a South Carolina prison riot earlier this month all bled to death from stab wounds.
Lee County Coroner Larry Logan said Tuesday all the inmates had several stab or cutting wounds inflicted inside Lee Correctional Institution on April 15 and 16.
Authorities say inmates in three wings of the maximum-security prison fought uninterrupted for several hours in a battle over territory and contraband. Inmates reported seeing fellow prisoners slowly die as prison officials tried to gather enough people to restore order.
At least 20 inmates have been killed by other inmates in South Carolina prisons in the past 16 months.
The State Law Enforcement Division continues to investigate the riot. No charges have been filed.
Twenty-two inmates were hurt.
When Paula Paulino saw the destruction that hurricane Maria left in its wake at the once-lush Rio Piedras main campus of the University of Puerto Rico, she felt empty and lost.
But then the art history major picked up a rake. She joined an army of students, parents, alumni, and faculty helping to clear fallen trees and gather the debris of the 100-year storm that walloped the university as it did the entire island.
And suddenly she found herself feeling hopeful, that maybe everything wasn't lost after all.
Recommended: How well do you know Puerto Rico? A quiz
“This college is really the only place I can call home, so it's important to me that it is repaired and starts working again,” says Ms. Paulino, sporting a t-shirt reading “mi casa, mi iupi” – roughly “my house, my university.”
“I think if so many students and others came out to help,” she adds, “it's because we want to feel like we're part of putting back together something we love.”
There can be no varnishing over of Puerto Rico's broken state.
More than two weeks after the unprecedented one-two punch of hurricanes Irma and Maria, almost 90 percent of Puerto Ricans remain without power. Just over half the population now has running water. Thousands of homes were destroyed, while thousands more lost roofs and windows.
Most schools will remain closed until at least Oct. 23, as many schools continue to serve as shelters for those left homeless. And an already anemic economy will likely take a $40 billion gut punch from Maria, economists estimate, as thousands of businesses from mom-and-pops to large enterprises remain closed indefinitely.
Even many of the disaster-hardened recovery professionals operating out the FEMA command post at San Juan's convention center say they've never seen anything quite like Puerto Rico, post-Maria.
“This is a unique situation, one I can tell you I've never experienced,” says a member of the Arizona National Guard's famed Copperheads, who requested anonymity since he was not authorized to speak for his unit.
“You had two hurricanes one right after the other, and almost a third until it veered off, and all that made for very complicated logistics as units got in place but then had to shelter to be able to respond when it was all over,” says the airman, one of the 11,500 personnel the Department of Defense and FEMA have assembled here. “I don't think people understand that this is an effort that's been going on for a month.”
NEW GROWTH
Or as Puerto Rico's governor, Ricardo Rosselló, said Thursday when asked for the millionth time if the island wasn't indeed “paralyzed” and if the recovery effort hasn't fallen short, “Do we need to do more? Yes we do. And will we continue to improve our response and do more, yes we will.”
He then added, “Let's not forget, we had two category 4 and 5 hurricanes within a span of two weeks.”
Surely none of the 3.4 million American citizens of this United States territory is at risk of forgetting any time soon.
But at the same time, Puerto Rican society is starting to mirror in some degree the island's jarring post-Maria natural landscape, where the ghostly gray-brown of wind-slashed and denuded tropical trees is already being overtaken by the iridescent green of emphatic new growth.
In San Juan, more lights are back on every day, as it is here, in the capital, that the 10.7 percent of island residents with power are clustered. Restaurants still shuttered a week ago are bustling again, serving up platters of roasted chicken, yucca, plantain, and dirty rice.
COMMUNITY SPIRIT
The 2,500 volunteers who assembled to clean up the University of Puerto Rico were just one example of the community spirit that some here say they've seen grow since calamity hit.
“I know there are people like President Trump who say the people here just want everything to be done for them, but I feel like it's the citizens, and a lot of them young people, who are getting out and getting the recovery done,” says Natalie Sierra, a drama major working alongside Ms. Paulino. “We feel like Puerto Rico has given us a lot, and we want to give back.”
The island's ports are now running at about 60 percent of capacity, with Mr. Rosselló pledging to reach 80 percent of capacity by the end of the month. More offloaded containers mean that more products like electrical generators can come to the rescue of an island that isn't likely to see powerfully restored until sometime next year.
Sony Pictures
The week between Christmas and New Year's has historically proven to be a gift to underperforming movies, and box-office history is littered with examples. In 2011, for example, We Bought a Zoo opened with a mediocre $9 million, but thanks to Christmas week, legged it out to $75 million domestic. Also, in 2011, Steven Spielberg's $135 million film The Adventures of TinTin looked like a bomb after opening with a $9 million weekend. It added nearly $50 million over the next two weeks and ended its run at $77 million (and nearly $375 million worldwide). In 2005, Jennifer Aniston's forgettable Rumor Has It opened with $3 million and was thought to be a flop, but over Christmas week and New Year's, the film added another $29 million and ended up with a respectable run.
The latest film to use the holiday week to revive itself is Jennifer Lawrence and Chris Pratt's Passengers, which opened with a tepid $22 million over its first five days. That's not a great number for a film that cost $110 million. In fact, it's the same number that Neighbors 2: Sorority Rising opened with over the summer before tapping out domestically at $55 million. In the last 8 days, however, Passengers has added $43 million to its domestic total and now looks poised to approach $90-$100 million domestically and should more than break even once worldwide grosses are accounted for. In fact, it looks like it grossed close to $60 million at the international box-office this weekend, so it may have already surpassed its budget. Not bad for a movie many were writing off a week ago as another expensive failure (that's not to say that the film isn't problematic).
Unfortunately, the holiday week isn't a huge boon for every movie. Assassin's Creed came out of its opening weekend with a paltry $10 million (against a $125 million price tag) and it's not doing any better in its second weekend, putting up only another $10 million to bring its overall gross to around $41 million, which is a far cry from what the studio was hoping for, and with no box-office legs, Assassin's Creed will be lucky to reach $60 million in North America. However, that's a bigger number than Warcraft, which ended is run with $47 million domestically. Thanks to worldwide box-office appeal, however, Warcraft is the biggest video-game adaptation in box-office history with $433 million. Look for a similar international run for Assassin's Creed, which is already putting up huge numbers in India, Germany, France, and Spain as it continues to roll out worldwide.
LAST year's record State harvest continues to reward growers, after the CBH Group announced it would deliver its highest ever rebate of $158 million to those who delivered and sold grain through the co-operative in 2016-17.
Growers will receive up to $12.75 per tonne to offset fees this season, almost three times the previous record rebate of $4.55 per tonne in 2014.
The CBH rebate program was introduced in 2009 and is made up of three rebates for marketing and trading, operations, and investment.
The total $12.75 comprises a $6.25 per tonne rebate from the marketing and trading division, a $6 per tonne rebate from operations and $0.50 investments rebate.
CBH chief financial officer Ed Kalajzic said the record rebate was a result of last year's 16 million tonne harvest, and improved efficiencies throughout the network.
“We're proud to be able to increase our support for growers to a record amount this season – an outcome that was in part achieved by a record harvest last season and our continued drive to find and implement efficiencies throughout the supply chain,” Mr Kalajzic said.
“Our marketing and trading division performed exceptionally well despite tough trading conditions, returning $50 million of rebates, while investments returned $8.3 million.
“Meanwhile, the record harvest in 2016-17 doubled the rebate return from operations to $99 million, not only are we in a good position to fund the Network Strategy but we can offer a rebate on top.
“While we are pleased with our ability to return a strong rebate this year – and keep fees flat as well – our future performance will be strongly influenced by the size of the harvest which, as everyone knows, can fluctuate from year to year.”
CBH has announced several changes to the rebates program this harvest, with new features allowing for increased flexibility.
A wider range of storage and handling fees will be available for growers to apply their rebate against, with options expanded to include receival, freight, storage and outturn fees.
The North Korean missile that exploded shortly after launch on Saturday was a new kind of single-stage missile that the country had previously tested in another failed launch two weeks ago. The launch failure has fueled speculation about the possibility that the United States may be using cyber technology to interfere with North Korea's missile program.
According to U.S. officials, the missile fired on Saturday exploded four to five seconds after its launch near a North Korean submarine base in Sinpo along the country's eastern coast.
"The launch failed very early on, so that makes it harder to know exactly what they were trying to do," Susan Thornton, Acting Assistant Secretary of State for East Asian and Pacific Affairs, said on Monday. "But I think that our understanding is that it was not one of the longer-range missiles that they were trying to test there; it was something like a medium-range ballistic missile."
U.S. officials described the missile fired Saturday as a KN-17, a new mobile-launched, single-stage missile that uses liquid fuel. The KN-17 could possibly be either a short or medium-range missile. A full analysis of the missile's possible maximum range is difficult given that there has not been a successful test so far.
The first test of a KN-17 missile took place on April 4. In that test, the missile traveled about 34 miles over the Sea of Japan. But according to U.S. officials, that test was labeled a failure because the missile began to spin out of control and crashed into the water.
The U.S. intelligence community names North Korean missiles that it identifies with so-called KN-numbers. "KN" stands for North Korea, and the missiles are given corresponding numbers as they are identified. For its part, North Korea has its own names for many of its missiles.
Determining what missiles are fired by North Korea after explosive launch failures can be an imprecise science. For example, officials said that no determination has been made for a North Korean missile that was fired on March 21 and exploded moments later.
A description of the missile launched on April 4 has also been revised several times. It was initially described by a U.S. Pacific Command press release as a KN-15, a new land-based, multi-stage, medium-range missile that uses solid fuel.
The new KN-15 designation was created to distinguish it from the KN-11, North Korea's solid-fueled, submarine-launched missile, which the country tested last summer.
However, the day after the launch, U.S. officials revised their assessment and described the missile as a SCUD missile with an existing range.
Days later, it was re-designated again as the new KN-17 because it was different than existing single-stage SCUD missiles.
Two of North Korea's five missile launches this year have involved failures shortly after liftoff. These failures have been similar to the series of explosions that occurred with the intermediate-range Musudan missile in 2016.
Last year, North Korea conducted eight tests of the Musudan missile, but only one of the missiles achieved flight. The vast majority of the Musudan tests ended in failure.
According to a New York Times report, the U.S. military sabotaged North Korea's missile program by using cyber and electronic strikes that caused missiles to explode seconds after launch in March.
According to the Times, the Obama administration signed off on the Pentagon's use of so-called "left of launch" techniques. These are techniques that could electronically affect North Korean missiles before launch or as they lift off.
The report has gained traction in the wake of Saturday's failed launch, although it remains unclear if such a program actually exists.
Details have begun to emerge about Alek Minassian, who was charged Tuesday with 10 counts of first-degree murder and 13 of attempted murder for driving a van into a crowded sidewalk in Toronto. Here is a look at the 25-year-old suspect in one of the worst mass killings in Canada's modern history.
———
A YOUNG MAN FROM SUBURBAN TORONTO, AND A STUNNED FAMILY
Minassian lived with his family in the Toronto suburb of Richmond Hill, on a street of sizeable, well-tended brick homes. Police say he had no criminal record before Monday.
His father, Vahe Minassian, wept and seemed stunned as he watched as his son, showing little emotion, make a brief court appearance Tuesday and be ordered held without bail.
When his father was asked later whether he had any message for the families of the people killed and injured, he said quietly: "I'm sorry."
————
A "SOCIALLY AWKWARD" STUDENT
Minassian attended Seneca College, according to his LinkedIn profile; a spokeswoman for the Toronto-area school didn't immediately respond to an inquiry about him Tuesday. Another student, Joseph Pham, told The Toronto Star that Minassian was in a computer programming class with him just last week.
Pham described Minassian as a "socially awkward" student who kept to himself: "He didn't really talk to anyone."
Before college, Minassian attended Thornlea Secondary School in Richmond Hill, graduating in 2011. The school declined to discuss him Tuesday, citing privacy laws.
————
A STINT IN THE MILITARY
Minassian joined the Canadian Armed Forces last year, but his stay was brief.
The Department of National Defence says he was a member of the military from Aug. 23 to Oct. 25, but didn't complete his recruit training. He asked to be voluntarily released after 16 days, the department said.
———
A BITTERNESS TOWARD WOMEN?
Shortly before Monday's attack on a crowded downtown Toronto street, a chilling post appeared on Minassian's now-deleted Facebook account saluting Elliot Rodger, a community college student who killed six people and wounded 13 in shooting and stabbing attacks near the University of California, Santa Barbara, before apparently shooting himself to death in 2014.
Calling Rodger "the Supreme Gentleman," the Facebook post declared: "The Incel Rebellion has already begun! We will overthrow all the Chads and Stacys!"
The 22-year-old Rodger had used the term "incel" — for involuntarily celibate — in online posts raging at women for rejecting him romantically. Like-minded people in internet forums sometimes use "Chad" and "Stacy" as dismissive slang for men and women with more robust sex lives.
Monday's Facebook post mentions that "Private (Recruit) Minassian" is speaking, and Facebook confirmed that the post was on an account that belonged to the suspect. The social networking site took down his account after the attack, saying in a statement Tuesday, "There is absolutely no place on our platform for people who commit such horrendous acts."
The U.S. Capitol Building is lit at sunset in Washington, U.S., December 20, 2016. REUTERS/Joshua Roberts
By Richard Cowan
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - A new, Republican-controlled U.S. Congress convenes on Tuesday eager to repeal major portions of President Barack Obama's healthcare law and roll back environmental and financial industry regulations, but could quickly become embroiled in fights over President-elect Donald Trump's Cabinet choices.
Despite his promise to unite a deeply divided country, Trump will be sworn in on Jan. 20 leading a Republican Party that early on will push legislation through Congress without significant - or any - Democratic support.
According to a Gallup poll released on Monday, Trump will take office with less than half of Americans confident in his ability to handle an international crisis, use military force wisely or prevent major ethics lapses in his administration.
Leading Democrats on Monday warned of a fierce fight over Obamacare, which is expected to have 13.8 million people enrolled in the program that aims to provide health insurance to economically disadvantaged people and to expand coverage for others.
"We're going to fight as hard as ever to protect the ACA (Affordable Care Act), said Representative Steny Hoyer, the House of Representatives' second-ranking Democrat.
Speaking to reporters, Hoyer and House Democratic leader Nancy Pelosi said they would launch an effort to mobilize grassroots support for Obamacare by explaining how repeal would create a ripple effect hurting a majority of Americans.
For years, Republicans have hammered away at Obamacare, insisting it was unworkable and was hampering job growth. With control of Congress and the White House, they will be in a position to enact a repeal bill.
The U.S. Senate will have more than legislation on its hands in the new year.
It has the daunting task of debating and voting on the scores of appointees Trump already has announced to head his Cabinet departments and for other top jobs in the new administration.
It also is expected to receive a Supreme Court nomination early on from Trump, triggering a likely confirmation war.
Prominent Senator John McCain has warned that Rex Tillerson, Trump's choice for secretary of state, will have to explain his relations with Russian President Vladimir Putin, whom McCain has called a "thug and a murderer."
Tillerson, who spent much his career at Exxon Mobil Corp , has been involved in business dealings in Russia and opposed U.S. sanctions against Russia for its incursion into Crimea.
Meanwhile, Democrats are expected to strongly oppose Republican Jeff Sessions to be attorney general, in part because of his opposition to immigration and past remarks that showed racial insensitivity.
And given Trump's campaign promise to "drain the swamp" in Washington of special interests, especially Wall Street influence, Democrats are also poised to attack the nomination of Steven Mnuchin to be treasury secretary.
Mnuchin is a successful private equity investor and hedge fund manager who spent 17 years at Goldman Sachs Group Inc .
While the Senate will be tied down for weeks debating these and other controversial nominees, Trump is expected to win approval of most, if not all.
Besides Obamacare repeal, Republicans also want to curtail or kill regulations aimed at further controlling industrial emissions that contribute to climate change and banking industry reforms enacted in the wake of the near-collapse of Wall Street several years ago.
Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell, who waged bitter battles against Obama over the past eight years, has warned his fellow Republicans against overreaching following their Nov. 8 election victories.
In an interview with Kentucky Educational Television on Dec. 19, McConnell said, "It's certainly no time for hubris" and there is "not much I can do (legislatively) with Republicans only in the U.S. Senate."
While he repeatedly called for removing Obamacare "root and branch," McConnell said in the interview that his top priorities for the new Congress were dealing with "massive overregulation" that he said has been a brake on the U.S. economy and accomplishing tax code changes to stop companies from moving jobs offshore.
(Reporting By Richard Cowan; Editing by Jonathan Oatis)
A big jump in energy prices has pushed inflation across the 19-country eurozone back to the European Central Bank's goal in May, official figures showed Thursday.
Eurostat, the European Union's statistics agency, said consumer prices were up by an annual rate of 1.9 percent in May, way ahead of April's 1.2 percent.
The sharp rise, which was slightly more than anticipated, means inflation is now at the ECB's goal of just below 2 percent.
The main reason behind the increase has been the sharp rise in oil prices. Energy prices, according to Eurostat, were up 6.1 percent in the year to May, more than double April's 2.6 percent.
However, underlying inflation remains benign and that may rein in expectations that the ECB will use its upcoming meeting on June 14 to announce a reduction in its monetary stimulus efforts. After stripping out the volatile items of energy, food, alcohol and tobacco, inflation only rose to 1.1 percent from 0.7 percent.
Elsewhere, Eurostat said the eurozone's unemployment rate fell in April to a near-decade low of 8.5 percent from 8.6 percent the month before. That's the lowest rate since December 2008, when unemployment was rising sharply during the global financial crisis. The agency said unemployment fell 56,000 during the month, which took the jobless total down to 13.88 million.
A rescue crew from the US Coast Guard's San Diego Joint Harbor Operations Center airlifted a 40-year-old fisherman from a vessel approximately 70 miles off the coast of San Diego on August 12 after he fell overboard.
PHILADELPHIA--(BUSINESS WIRE)--May 30, 2018--While it is common for everyone to feel down or sad at times, a person whose symptoms last for more than two weeks may be having a major depressive episode, according to The Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services Administration (SAMSHA). 1 An estimated 16.2 million adults in the United States had at least one major depressive episode in 2016, according to the National Institute of Mental Health. 2
This press release features multimedia. View the full release here: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180530006418/en/
The treatments for depression can vary and include medications, psychotherapy or a combination of the two. “Often the most difficult cases of depression can be effectively treated,” said Michael Golinkoff, Ph.D., M.B.A., president of PerformCare, a managed behavioral health organization and part of the AmeriHealth Caritas Family of Companies. “However, the sooner the treatment can begin, the better it will work.”
Someone may be experiencing depression and not realize they have it, as the symptoms vary. About 37 percent of adults with a major depressive episode did not receive treatment. 3 It's also important to point out that without proper treatment, the symptoms can get worse. 4
According to SAMSHA, some of the warning signs of depression4 include
Sadness, anxiety, or feeling “empty” Feelings of hopelessness, pessimism, guilt, worthlessness, or helplessness Fatigue or decreased energy level Change in appetite At the extreme, thoughts of death or suicide, or suicide attempts.
The warning signs of depression should never be ignored. Anyone with these symptoms should speak with their primary care provider or a behavior health specialist. Loved ones or friends who exhibit these symptoms should be encouraged to do the same.
“If we feel physically ill we get medical treatment without giving it a second thought,” added Dr. Golinkoff. “We should think of mental illness in much the same way.”
References
SAMHSA, “Depression: Definition,” May 12, 2017, https://www.samhsa.gov/treatment/mental-disorders/depression (accessed May 15, 2018). National Institute of Mental Health, “Major Depression: Definitions,” November 2017, https://www.nimh.nih.gov/health/statistics/major-depression.shtml (accessed May 15, 2018). National Institute of Mental Health, “Major Depression: Treatment of Major Depressive Episode Among Adults,” November 2017, https://www.nimh.nih.gov/health/statistics/major-depression.shtml (accessed May 15, 2018). SAMHSA, “Depression: Signs and Symptoms,” May 12, 2017, https://www.samhsa.gov/treatment/mental-disorders/depression (accessed May 15, 2018).
About AmeriHealth Caritas
AmeriHealth Caritas is part of the Independence Health Group in partnership with Blue Cross Blue Shield of Michigan. AmeriHealth Caritas is one of the nation's leaders in health care solutions for those most in need. Operating in 16 states and the District of Columbia, AmeriHealth Caritas serves approximately 5.6 million Medicaid, Medicare and Children's Health Insurance Program (CHIP) members through its integrated managed care products, pharmaceutical benefit management and specialty pharmacy services, behavioral health services, and other administrative services. Headquartered in Philadelphia, AmeriHealth Caritas is a mission-driven organization with more than 35 years of experience serving low-income and chronically ill populations. For more information, visit www.amerihealthcaritas.com.
View source version on businesswire.com:https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180530006418/en/
CONTACT: AmeriHealth Caritas
Scott D. Bluebond, 1-267-298-2410
sbluebond@amerihealthcaritas.com
KEYWORD: UNITED STATES NORTH AMERICA PENNSYLVANIA
INDUSTRY KEYWORD: HEALTH MENTAL HEALTH PROFESSIONAL SERVICES INSURANCE MANAGED CARE
SOURCE: AmeriHealth Caritas
Copyright Business Wire 2018.
PUB: 05/30/2018 04:14 PM/DISC: 05/30/2018 04:14 PM
http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180530006418/en
BC-BBA--Top Ten
BASEBALL'S TOP TEN By The Associated Press AMERICAN LEAGUE G AB R H Pct. Betts Bos 19 71 23 26 .366 MMachado Bal 23 89 13 32 .360 Lowrie Oak 23 98 13 35 .357 Altuve Hou 24 94 13 33 .351 Gregorius NYY 22 75 19 26 .347 Correa Hou 23 81 17 28 .346 MSmith TB 19 61 9 21 .344 Judge NYY 22 82 22 28 .341 Cano Sea 22 78 16 25 .321 Haniger Sea 22 78 12 25 .321 Home Runs
Trout, Los Angeles, 9; Haniger, Seattle, 8; Gregorius, New York, 8; MMachado, Baltimore, 8; Gallo, Texas, 7; JoRamirez, Cleveland, 7; Judge, New York, 7; 6 tied at 6.
Runs Batted In
Gregorius, New York, 27; Haniger, Seattle, 24; Lowrie, Oakland, 23; KDavis, Oakland, 21; Correa, Houston, 19; GSanchez, New York, 18; 6 tied at 17.
Pitching
Porcello, Boston, 4-0; Carrasco, Cleveland, 4-0; Severino, New York, 4-1; Velazquez, Boston, 3-0; Richards, Los Angeles, 3-0; Morton, Houston, 3-0; Verlander, Houston, 3-0; 6 tied at 3-1.
PHILADELPHIA -- Joel Embiid opened his first set of back-to-back games since he was drafted third overall in 2014 on Friday night, against the backdrop of Philly's Super Bowl bash.?
And after Philadelphia's game in Indiana on Saturday, he and a few of his teammates are joining Eagles nation in Minneapolis for the Super Bowl.
"I've heard that's the biggest event in American sports," said Embiid, a native of Cameroon.
"I want to feel that experience. I want to mix it up. Go in the suite. Then sit in the stands. I want to feel like a regular person to do that."
In Embiid's first career game in a back-to-back, he scored 17 points and 11 rebounds to help lead the 76ers to a? 103-97 win over the Miami Heat.
All the dunks, blocks and 3-pointers at times seemed like background music at what turned into Philly's largest Super Bowl tailgate party. The Sixers cloaked the Wells Fargo Center in Eagles green -- from the giveaway "Brotherly Love" T-shirts imprinted with the Sixers' and Eagles' logos to the balloons, signage and even the table runners on press row.
The packed house erupted in unison to belt out the "Fly, Eagles, Fly" fight song that's as ubiquitous at Philly sporting events as "Rocky" movie clips. They broke out enough "E-A-G-L-E-S! Eagles!" chants to make the arena sound like Lincoln Financial Field right before kickoff.
The day kicked off at the same arena that hosts Wing Bowl, Philly's own competitive eating competition. Molly Schuyler gnawed her way through a record 501 chicken wings in 30 minutes to win the event for the third time.
The Sixers held on despite the fact that the Heat turned a 28-point hole into a four-point game on Wayne Ellington's 3-pointer with 25 seconds left.
But the biggest win for the Sixers may be that Embiid is set to play games on consecutive nights for the first time.
"I feel like I've been ready," Embiid said. "Now, I'm going to feel like an NBA player. Taking days off in the NBA is not that easy."
Embiid, selected to his first All-Star team, missed his first two seasons with injuries, and the Sixers have been leery of pushing their 7-foot-2 center into major minutes over the past two seasons.
"We're in a rhythm now. It's tough when he comes out and we've got to back into another rhythm," Sixers rookie Ben Simmons said.
The Sixers are eighth in the Eastern Conference standings and clearly need a healthy Embiid down the stretch to crack the postseason for the first time since 2012. Coach Brett Brown said Embiid will play in back-to-backs because he has been cleared to go -- not to avoid the potential lousy optics that might come in two weeks, when Embiid will play in the Rising Stars Challenge, the Skills Challenge and the All-Star Game within 48 hours.
"Joel's availability has got nothing to do with desperation or crunch time. It's all about his health," Brown said.
Fueled by the Super Bowl frenzy, Philadelphia hit 'em low (30 points in the paint), hit 'em high (three 3s) and watched that scoreboard fly all the way to a 51-41 lead at halftime.
Dario Saric made his first five buckets, growled like a dog (Eagles fans have worn dog masks in the playoffs to embrace the team's underdog image) and had 17 points and 10 rebounds.
Information from The Associated Press was used in this report.?
HUNTSVILLE, Texas (AP) — A Texas death row inmate is asking the federal courts to keep him from being executed for the 1999 slaying of his ex-girlfriend while he already was on parole for killing his estranged wife.
William Rayford, 64, would be the nation's second inmate executed this year, both in Texas.
Rayford is facing lethal injection Tuesday evening for beating, stabbing and strangling 44-year-old Carol Lynn Thomas Hall, whose body was found about 300 feet (91 meters) inside a drainage pipe behind her home in South Dallas' Oak Cliff area. Hall's 11-year-old son also was stabbed in the attack but survived to testify against Rayford.
Rayford's lawyers are seeking to have his punishment halted. In their argument before the U.S. Supreme Court, they said his death sentence was tainted because his attorney at his trial in 2000 improperly introduced the subject of race as a factor in prison violence while questioning a prison expert during the punishment phase. Nadia Wood, a Dallas-based federal public defender, told the high court that in bringing it up the trial lawyer implied "that people like Mr. Rayford — a black man — are the cause of the violence."
An assistant Texas attorney general, Jefferson Clendenin, disputed the argument, telling the justices the witness never testified as an expert in rates of violence because he wasn't qualified to do so and that none of the witness' trial testimony "even implied that African-Americans are more likely than others to be violent or that Rayford himself was a future danger."
Rayford's lawyers argued in a separate appeal to a lower federal court that earlier a federal court improperly denied money for his appeals and that Hall's slaying may not have qualified for a capital murder charge. They also argued that Rayford suffered from brain damage from lead poisoning because he grew up near a toxic site and carried lead residue from old gunshot wounds.
Evidence "more than established" Rayford kidnapped Hall while trying to kill her, supporting the capital murder charge, and arguments about lead poisoning were based on a "vague, general and nebulous conclusion" by a defense expert, Clendenin indicated in his response.
Hall, who knew Rayford since they both grew up in a Dallas housing project, had broken up with him two months earlier, according to evidence in the case. Rayford entered her home on Nov. 16, 1999, using a key she didn't know he had. They argued and it turned violent.
Hall's son, Benjamin, testified at Rayford's trial that he suffered a punctured lung from the stab wound, was hit on the head when he tried to protect his mother, and watched her run from the home with Rayford pursuing her. He said he saw Rayford carry his mother toward the drainage pipe where her body eventually was found.
Police responding to a call about the attack arrested Rayford at the scene. Hall's blood was on his face and clothing. He told an officer Hall could be found "in the hole ... up in the sewer, in the water."
Rayford was convicted of murder in 1986 for fatally stabbing his estranged wife, Gail Rayford, in front of their four children. She had obtained a court order four days earlier to keep him away.
He was sentenced to 23 years in prison for her slaying but was paroled after eight years under a former Texas law that allowed some prisoners to be released as the state struggled with prison crowding. He had been on parole for five years when Hall was killed. Relatives said she was aware of his previous murder conviction when they became a couple and believed it was her Christian duty to give people second chances.
Another Texas prisoner is set to die Thursday. John David Battaglia, 62, of Dallas, is to be executed for the May 2001 shooting deaths of his daughters, ages 6 and 9.
