This website uses cookies to allow us to see how our website and related online services are being used. By continuing to use this website, you consent to our cookie collection. More information about how we collect cookies is found here.
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
BLAKELY — Monday night started like any other night in December at the Peckville Christmas House and ended with a “once- in-a-lifetime” experience for the family running it.
The display at 1130 Marion St. audibly snapped to luminous life at 5 p.m. Within a half hour, dozens of people arrived to admire the more than 1,300 brilliant blow molds and myriad other decorations. Matt and Jeff Harhut, the masterminds behind the Yuletide spectacle, performed maintenance and talked to guests.
But at 8 p.m., the brothers and about two dozen family and friends gathered at another brother's house to watch the Peckville Christmas House take a national stage on ABC's “The Great Christmas Light Fight.”
“I think that was a once in a lifetime opportunity,” Matt Harhut said, adding that the crew who filmed the segment in October were a pleasure to work with. “We had the time of our lives being on the show.”
Each episode of “The Great Christmas Light Fight” features several elaborate holiday light displays. A judge chooses a winner, who gets a trophy and $50,000.
Judge Taniya Nayak selected a display from Henrico, Virginia, as the victor in the episode the Harhuts appeared on Monday night, though she did admire the extensive collection of plastic blow molds featured at the Peckville home.
“I am blown away,” she said during the show. “This is more blow molds than I've ever seen.”
The brothers also clapped and cheered for the other contestants Monday night as they watched. The effort they put into their Christmas house each year gives them an appreciation of others who do the same thing.
“We know how much work is involved,” Matt Harhut said. “When you see the winners, that was phenomenal, that display.”
The TV appearance was good for the Peckville Christmas House despite not winning, the brothers said. A cake at the gathering Monday night summed up their attitude: “Winners either way,” it read in green icing.
The Harhuts expect the exposure to widen the audience of the Peckville Christmas House.
“I think we'll get a lot more people, not just from Pennsylvania, but from all over,” Jeff Harhut said.
The television appearance created a buzz among the locals visiting the Peckville Christmas House earlier Monday night. Many said they planned to watch the show later in the evening.
Joe and Stacy Flesher of Scranton were among the first to arrive. The plan was to get there early and take in the display with their sons Joseph, 2, and Finnegan, 5 months, so they'd get home in enough time to check out the light fight on TV, Stacy Flesher said.
It's great to see the local attraction get the national exposure, Stacy Flesher said. The couple first brought Joseph last year and plan on returning with the boys in the future.
“I'd say it's going to become a tradition for the little ones,” she said.
Contact the writer: cover@timesshamrock.com; 570-348-9100 x5363; @ClaytonOver on Twitter
Check out the
Christmas House,
1130 Marion St.,
Blakely, for yourself until Jan. 7, Julian calendar Christmas. Lights up at 5 p.m. nightly.
News Brief: Trump Executive Order, Pence In Japan, Sears In Trouble
President Trump plans to sign an order on "Hire American" and "Buy American." Vice President Pence meets with Japan's prime minister after Trump targeted Japan for its huge trade surplus with the U.S.
Rising costs for policing of fracking protests should not be paid for on a local level, an MP has said, warning this is clearly a “national protest”.
Dozens of arrests have been made in North Yorkshire at protests in the village of Kirby Misperton, at a cost totalling more than £621,000. Now it emerges that more arrests have been made at protest sites in the south of the region, with concern that unrest is set to increase as developers' plans progress. Kevin Hollinrake, MP for Malton and Thirsk, has revealed that he has met with policing minister Nick Hurd, with further meetings set for this month as he calls for financial support.
“I am hoping to get the support of the Police and Crime Commissioner, Julia Mulligan, to make the case that North Yorkshire should only stand reduced costs of policing the area as it is clearly a national protest,” he said. Further meetings are arranged for February 27. Mrs Mulligan has previously said she was keeping “a close eye” on the bill. She has already written to the Government in anticipation of costs exceeding one per cent of the budget or £1.4m, after which the force can apply for financial help.
A total of 81 people have now been arrested at protests in North Yorkshire since September, over offences such as aggravated trespass, obstruction of a highway, and assault of a police officer.
In this case, North Yorkshire Police has revealed, a police officer was pushed to the ground by a group of people in October, suffering an ankle injury after a metal ‘lock-on' device was pushed onto his foot. Two people have been charged in connection with the incident. The force, reiterating its role in facilitating peaceful protest at the site, has said the key challenge is in balancing the rights and wishes of everybody - protesters, businesses and residents going about their daily lives without disruption.
“We will continue to respond proportionately to any protest activity,” said Supt Alisdair Dey, commander for Scarborough and Ryedale. “The safety and well-being of everyone at Kirby Misperton is our priority.”
At the peak of the protests, North Yorkshire Police has said, in days in September and October, up to 70 officers were deployed at the site at a time. But, the force added, this is assessed continuously in proportion to the protest and at quieter times, such as in January, the only officers present at the site were a few liaison officers who were redeployed when there was no activity.
When asked if officers had been subjected to unwelcome attention, the force responded that officers were carrying out their job in sometimes difficult circumstances.
“We know that there are very different views about hydraulic fracturing, but as the local police, our responsibility is to carry out our duties impartially,” said Supt Dey.
“Officers are doing their job professionally, in sometimes difficult circumstances. We are completely impartial with regards to the ongoing debate in relation to hydraulic fracturing.”
Arrests have been made in the south of the region as a protest camp is established in a village near Doncaster, where iGas has permission for exploratory drilling.
Nottinghamshire Police has said that three arrests have been made in Misson since December. Chair of the parish council, Jayne Watson, said a camp, set up sympathetically, was established a month ago and has been growing in size.
“We've not had any reports of any problems,” she added. “We can expect that there will be growth in the camp and potentially further protests.”
In a rural community which rarely saw police, she added, it was “galling” to have to pay for the policing of protests.
"Unilateral responses and threats over trade war will solve nothing of the serious imbalances in the world trade. Nothing," French President Emmanuel Macron said in an impassioned speech at the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development in Paris.
In a clear reference to Trump, Macron added: "These solutions might bring symbolic satisfaction in the short term. ... One can think about making voters happy by saying, 'I have a victory, I'll change the rules, you'll see.'"
But Macron said those "who waged bilateral trade wars ... saw an increase in prices and an increase in unemployment."
Tariffs on steel imports to the U.S. can help local producers of the metal by making foreign products more expensive. But they can also increase costs more broadly for U.S. manufacturers who cannot source all their steel locally and need to import the raw material. That hurts the companies and can lead to more expensive consumer prices, economists say.
Ross criticized the EU for its tough negotiating position.
"There can be negotiations with or without tariffs in place. There are plenty of tariffs the EU has on us. It's not that we can't talk just because there are tariffs," he said. He noted that "China has not used that as an excuse not to negotiate."
But German Economy Minister Peter Altmaier insisted the Europeans were being "constructive" and were ready to negotiate special trade arrangements, notably for liquefied natural gas and industrial goods, including cars.
Macron also proposed to start negotiations between the U.S., the EU, China and Japan to reshape the World Trade Organization to better regulate trade. Discussions could then be expanded to include other countries to agree on changes by the end of the year.
Ross expressed concern that the Geneva-based World Trade Organization and other organizations are too rigid and slow to adapt to changes in global business.
"We would operate within (multilateral) frameworks if we were convinced that people would move quickly," he said.
Ross and Lighthizer seemed like the odd men out at this week's gathering at the OECD, an international economic agency that includes the U.S. as a prominent member.
The agency issued a report Wednesday saying "the threat of trade restrictions has begun to adversely affect confidence" and tariffs "would negatively influence investment and jobs."
___
Charlton and Corbet reported from Paris. Masha Macpherson and Oleg Cetinic in Paris and Paul Wiseman and Jill Colvin in Washington contributed to this report.
By Ken Thomas, Sylvie Corbet And Angela Charlton, The Associated Press
An international Inuit group is angry they weren't informed that a rocket stage likely containing highly toxic fuel is set to splash down in waters they routinely hunt for food. Okalik Eegeesiak, of the Inuit Circumpolar Commission, said both the federal government and the European Space Agency again failed to inform Inuit in Canada and Greenland about the falling debris. “Again, we had no knowledge of this and were not included in what is happening in our areas. Our communities are hearing through the media about what is happening.” Read more: Russian rocket stage holding highly toxic fuel to fall in Canadian Arctic
Article Continued Below
On Wednesday, a Russian rocket bearing a European environmental monitoring satellite is scheduled to launch. The second stage of the rocket is expected to fall into the waters of Baffin Bay, outside Canada's territorial waters but within its exclusive economic zone as well as the purview of the Arctic Waters Pollution Prevention Act. The rocket is a repurposed Soviet-era SS-19 ballistic missile, fuelled by hydrazine. Hydrazine is highly carcinogenic and so toxic nearly every space program in the world has moved away from it. However, the old SS-19s are economically attractive, said Michael Byers, a professor of international law who has studied the issue.
“These are leftover from the Cold War,” he said. “They're free as a result.” The second stage of an SS-19 could have as much as a tonne of leftover hydrazine when it hits the waves. Officials with the agency say the fuel burns up before it hits the Earth. But studies at Russian launch sites have reached different conclusions. Eegeesiak points out the stage will fall into the North Water Polynya, the most productive and biodiverse place in the Arctic seas. Whales, seals, polar bears and walrus are found there in large numbers and Inuit from both Canada and Greenland hunt frequently there. “When the weather is clear, they go out for the chance of coming back with lunch and dinner,” she said. “(We've) been very concerned about cumulative impacts these launches will have on our communities and food sources.” There have been 11 such splashdowns over the past 15 years and Inuit have protested them before. That Wednesday's launch was again scheduled without letting local people know mocks federal promises of Indigenous consultation, Eegeesiak said. “We don't see it here,” she said. “Protection of marine waters is also not evident here.” Canada is an associate member of the European Space Agency and routinely contributes more than $20 million a year to its budget. That, say federal documents, “allows Canada to be part of the (agency's) decision-making process.” Eegeesiak said she doesn't see any evidence Canada was using that influence to protect Inuit interests. “We are expressing our frustration,” she said. The splashdown waters are so important that Inuit from Canada and Greenland have been meeting to develop a joint plan for the area. “We'd like to lead the management of the area,” said Eegeesiak. “We'd like to work with our respective governments to push for no rocket launches into the area.” The federal government did not reply to a request for comment.
Read more about:
Global health presents a different set of challenges. In a globalised world, an outbreak of infectious disease in one country could quickly evolve into a serious threat to health elsewhere, as has happened in recent years with SARS, Ebola, and Zika. Fortunately, the notion of sovereign obligation is already advanced in this sphere: countries are responsible for trying to detect infectious disease outbreaks, responding appropriately, and notifying others around the world. When it comes to refugees, there is no substitute for effective local action aimed at preventing situations that generate large refugee flows in the first place. In principle, this is an argument for humanitarian intervention in selective situations. But translating this principle into practice will remain difficult, given divergent political agendas and the high costs of effective intervention. Even without a consensus, however, there is a strong case for increasing funding for refugees, ensuring their humane treatment, and setting fair quotas for their resettlement.
MP for Harrogate and Knaresborough, Andrew Jones has backed Prime Minister Theresa May to retain her position following calls for a leadership challenge.
The Exchequer Secretary to the Treasury reaffirmed his support today (Friday, October 6) after it was reported former Conservative Party chairman, Grant Shapps, said a growing number of the party's MPs are supporting his push for a contest.
The BBC has reported the number of rebel MPs currently number close to 30 Tory MPs, including five former cabinet members. However this still falls short of the 48 needed to spark a contest under party rules.
Mr Jones said: "Theresa May is the right person to lead the United Kingdom. I support her to continue.
"At the general election just four months ago the Conservative party - led by Mrs May - received over 42 per cent of the popular vote. That is the highest share of the vote received by any party in over two decades.
"Mrs May has led the country calmly and with common sense as we tackle the big issues our country faces.
"As a local MP my focus is always on what is best for my constituents. The content of the Prime Minister's speech in Manchester this week demonstrated clearly that she has a plan to make our country better for everyone. I support the Prime Minister to take that plan forward.”
Building a good relationship with your banker doesn't normally involve spending a week or more with them on an overseas sojourn.
Increasingly, however that's exactly what farmers are doing to make the most of agribusiness banking networks, gleaning useful insights from well beyond the boundary fence.
The past decade has seen a growing parade of study tours involving farmers and other agribusiness players heading overseas to absorb first hand the complexity, competitiveness and culture, and the opportunities, in markets outside Australia.
“I didn't bring back any bolt-on technology to use in my business next week, but we got a good feel for what's happening and great interaction with Austrade officials, banking staff and technology experts not normally on our radar,” said West Australian graingrower Nick Gillett, just back from Asia.
Mr Gillett, from Bencubbin, was one of 25 on ANZ Banking Group's latest “Opportunity Asia” tour, which focused on ag technology and market developments in China and Japan.
Since 2015 ANZ has run four tours, with others centred on red meat and grain markets in China and Vietnam.
“It certainly felt like the bank was trying to upskill its customers with insights which will benefit us, the industry, and probably their business, too,” he said.
“It's a win-win for everybody, right down to point that we spent a lot of time learning from the experiences of others on the trip – farmers and supply chain people from outside our own state.”
The week included meetings and site visits with Japanese high tech specialists at Hitachi and Fujitsu, supply chain players Swire Group and Amazon, and product marketers Murray Goulburn and Meat and Livestock Australia.
ANZ's Australian agribusiness head, Mark Bennett, said the bank's prominent footprint in Asia gave it a natural opportunity to link key producers and food and beverage sector marketers with off-shore markets and technical change agents.
Farmer delegates on this month's ANZ Opportunity Asia trip to Japan and China meet at the Australian Embassy in Tokyo for a trade briefing and contact with Japanese businesses.
“Farmers mostly only know of Asia in broad terms of big numbers and booming growth – markets now quoted in trillions and billions of dollars,” he said.
“If you can see some of these key issues for yourself, including the way the growing population is living and consuming, and who else is competing for their business, it gets you thinking and possibly responding differently when you return home.
“We want our customers to participate in things that can make their businesses better.”
The Japan-China trip's focus on technology intended to get farmers considering options to help trim their own costs, improve supply chain strategies and anticipate future competition to their production systems.
It also aimed to highlight how fast technology advances were been changing life in Asia.
In the fast growing western inland Chinese “software city” of Chengdu – the production hub for most of the world's Apple iPads and many other high-tech manufacturing and service activities – ANZ has direct ties with its thriving “technology generation”.
ANZ employs 750 staff in Chengdu providing operational and IT development support to bankers and customers back in Australia, part of a network of 20,000 staff in its Asia-Pacific “regional delivery network” stretching from Fiji to Australia, New Zealand, the Philippines and India.
All its Chengdu employees have undergraduate degrees and a third have masters degrees.
Chengdu, which has ballooned from five million to a 16 million population in 10 years, was typical of modern Chinese cities competing for prosperity and enjoying first world goods, services and foods, noted Mr Bennett.
Participants in the most recent Opportunity Asia tour in China, Kieran Simpson, Binginbar Farms, Guerie, NSW; ANZ's Australian agribusiness head, Mark Bennett, Melbourne; Jess Barber, "Coliban Park", Elphinstone, Victoria, and ANZ's regional business banking general manager, Issac Rankin, Perth.
“Producers returning to Australia after experiencing a trip to Chengdu understand we'll never be a key commodity supplier fulfilling all these market's massive needs, but China's growth story will not stop,” he said.
“We need to reflect how our farmers need to make the most of what's happening.
“Some may opt to focus on new farm cost control initiatives, others come back with confidence to expand or re-position their activities to get closer to specific Asian market service providers.”
Import opportunities back to Australia are also just as likely to arise once farmers or others in the sector start relating directly to new markets and building contacts, said National Australia Bank's agribusiness general manager, Khan Horne.
“Knowledge really is power,” said Mr Horne, who has led tours to China, Indonesia, South America and South Africa involving farmers, selling agents, solicitors and farm consultants.
“Travelling with these groups is also a bit of a hothouse environment for ideas,” he said.
“You get best practice performers seeing how different industries are handling market openings.”
Rabobank's approach is similar, selecting top producers to join regular global farmer masterclasses overseas or in Australia, which include farm tours and business development training sessions.
In August Rabo will also take almost 40 Australian graingrowers and bankers to the US Midwest to check out grain cropping, storage and marketing activities, including the Chicago Board of Trade and America's largest outdoor farm event, the Farm Progress Show.
ANZ's Mr Bennett, the travel experiences were “obviously invaluable” for Australian agribankers as much as their customers.
“If you're spending a week with somebody you get a pretty good feeling for how they think about quite a lot of things, from their business priorities to their thoughts on our banking services.”
After Hitting Record Low In December, African-American Unemployment Rate Rises U.S. employers added 200,000 jobs to payrolls in January, a big improvement from December. The Labor Department report, released Friday morning, showed unemployment unchanged at 4.1%. But there was one surprise: African-American unemployment shot up after hitting a record low in December.
After Hitting Record Low In December, African-American Unemployment Rate Rises Business After Hitting Record Low In December, African-American Unemployment Rate Rises After Hitting Record Low In December, African-American Unemployment Rate Rises Audio will be available later today. U.S. employers added 200,000 jobs to payrolls in January, a big improvement from December. The Labor Department report, released Friday morning, showed unemployment unchanged at 4.1%. But there was one surprise: African-American unemployment shot up after hitting a record low in December. NPR thanks our sponsors Become an NPR sponsor
A young Bunbury mother has told how she sent goodbye messages to her family as she, her partner and seven-month-old daughter were trapped in the middle of a ferocious bushfire.
Rebecca Old, her partner Tim Atkinson and their newborn Ayla were on the last night of a family getaway at Nutkin Lodge at Peaceful Bay when a blaze burnt out of control and forced those on the property to take emergency action.
The blaze was one of several which ravaged the Great Southern last week.
The young family spent about four hours inside their car in a small paddock alongside property owner Linda Hoskins and her family.
Flanked by six fire trucks and several brave firefighters working tirelessly to save their lives, Ms Old said there was a period where she thought “this is it”.
“There was probably about 45 minutes there when it got really scary when the fire was just everywhere and you're just thinking ‘are we going to survive this',” Ms Old said.
“That was really tough, I sent mum, dad, my brother and sister a message saying this is what's happening, we're stuck in a paddock, fire around us, I love you guys.
“I kept asking Tim if I could get her (Ayla) out of her car seat and hug her, because I thought what if this is going to be our last hug, but we knew we might have to take off at any minute.”
After hours earlier waking up at 9pm because he “just had a feeling” Mr Atkinson said after seeing the smoke, embers and red night sky, his fatherly instincts kicked in.
“My first thought was I just want to get her (Ayla) in the car and go ... I always had in my mind I was going to make a break for it, I was going to grab her and just run as fast as I could,” he said.
Ms Old praised the firefighters and Ms Hoskins for saving them.
“The firies were amazing, they saved our lives ... Linda the owner was great as well – they had a plan ready for us,” she said.
“When we saw the firies relaxing, there was just relief ... it was such a relief getting out of there in the end.”
If a picture is worth a thousand words, then Pete Davidson's latest Instagram photo says it all. The post sure makes it look like Pete Davidson and Ariana Grande really are dating — and they're apparently both huge Harry Potter fans. Davidson's photo shows him and Grande wearing Hogwarts-style robes, and they have on matching sweatshirts, too.
Davidson's sweatshirt and robe reveal that he identifies as a Gryffindor member. Grande's sweatshirt isn't visible in Davidson's photo, but in a separate post on her own Instagram account, Grande wears a Slytherin sweatshirt, making her own Hogwarts alliance known. You can also see the differences between her robe and Davidson's, proving that the singer identifies as a member of the house of Slytherin.
What really makes the photo, though, is the Saturday Night Live star's caption: "the chamber of secrets has been opened ..." The quote is a Harry Potter reference, of course, it definitely seems like a reference to the rumored couple's new relationship, too. Since they've now opened up their dating status to the world. But regardless of what it all means, the photo is super cute, and it's clear Davidson and Grande aren't taking themselves too seriously.
Rumors that Grande and Davidson were dating started just over a week ago, and fans have been very invested in the relationship. People reported the news last Monday, with an unnamed source telling the magazine that the relationship is "very casual."
Still, it seems like the two of them have been spending a lot of time together recently. Davidson reportedly supported Grande at the Billboard Music Awards, spending time with the "No Tears Left to Cry" singer backstage after her performance. Plus, a tattooed arm that definitely could be Davidson's appeared in Grande's Instagram story over the weekend, which suggested that Davidson and Grande spent Memorial Day weekend together. Some fans thought Grande's Instagram story marked the first time she and Davidson posted a photo of themselves together. Either way, the new Harry Potter photo is the first pic they've taken together that shows both of their faces.
Before this, there were even more relationship hints about Grande and Davidson on the singer's Instagram account. Five days ago, she shared a selfie, captioning it "last night boy, i met u when i was sleeeep you're such a dream to me ☁️." And Davidson commented on the post, writing, "ummmmm hi," along with a drooling-face emoji.
On Tuesday night, Grande also shared a photo of Davidson doing a standup set on her Instagram story, adding the heart-eye emoji, along with another smiling emoji and a monkey emoji. She's been leaving various comments on Davidson's Instagram posts, too, including the emoji for a cloud, a monkey, and a fairy on a recent video Davidson shared of himself with a container of "kindness dust." Plus, fans think Grande and Davidson might have matching cloud tattoos, too, which would explain some of the emojis Grande's been sharing on Instagram.
Before Davidson and Grande started dating, Grande dated rapper Mac Miller. The couple announced their breakup about three weeks ago, citing each of their busy schedules. Last week, though, Grande stepped in to defend herself after a fan's tweet suggested that the breakup was to blame for Miller's arrest for an alleged DUI. Grande responded to the tweet with a Notes app statement, writing in part,
I am not a babysitter or a mother and no woman should feel that they need to be. I have cared for him and tried to support his sobriety & prayed for his balance for years (and always will of course) but shaming/blaming women for a man's inability to keep his sh*t together is a very major problem.
(Bustle reached out to Miller's rep for comment, but did not receive a response.)
Regardless of how things ended between her and Miller, Grande's tweet makes a great point. Fans can't know everything that went on between the two of them, but blaming Grande for Miller's arrest isn't OK, and she let them know that with her statement.
Since then, though, it looks like Grande is super happy with Davidson. They may be an unlikely pair, but their recent Instagram posts show they have common interests, including a love of Harry Potter. And, honestly, their Instagram banter couldn't be cuter.
Boston Mayor Marty Walsh said his administration is still attempting to sort out who is behind the reported "Free Speech" rally that has led Massachusetts civil rights groups to raise public safety concerns.
The "Free Speech" rally comes after "Unite the Right" white nationalists, joined by neo-Nazis, clashed with counter-protesters in Charlottesville, Virginia on Saturday. One counter-protester died and two Virginia State Police troopers were killed after a helicopter monitoring the events crashed.
"We don't even know if there's a rally," Walsh told reporters on Monday. "I mean, this could be all driven by social media and all of us are running with it, talking about a rally, and we haven't seen anything other than a kind of makeshift flyer that was on Twitter."
Calling it a "fluid situation," Walsh added: "We might be stopping something that doesn't need to be stopped."
The group running the "Free Speech" rally isn't welcome Boston if they are linked in any way to white nationalists in Virginia, Walsh said.
"We don't want them in Boston," he said. "We don't want any part of them in Boston. I don't want to see them here."
Boston 'Free Speech' rally prompts civil rights groups to demand emergency meeting with Mayor Marty Walsh
Walsh said his administration plans to respond to the civil rights groups raising concerns about the rally. City officials are planning a meeting in the afternoon to figure out what could happen this coming Saturday and what steps public safety officials should take.
"We don't know who this group is, if it's the same group. We're not sure if it's multiple groups at this point," Walsh said of the organizers behind the Boston "Free Speech" rally. "The noise on social media is people are all over the place. There are all kinds of counterprotests and protests going on here."
Any group can assemble if they want on Boston Common since a city permit isn't necessarily needed.
"A lot of people use Boston Common, different parts of the common on Saturdays and Sundays for birthday parties and things like that," Walsh said.
"We certainly don't want anything like that in Boston and we want people to respect the fact that you have the ability to go and [have] free speech, but we don't want hate spewed here in Boston," the mayor said.
If there is a counter-protest, Walsh said he is willing to march with the counter-protesters.
Boston Free Speech rally organizers say they aren't connected to group behind Charlottesville 'pro-white' rally
How The Food Industry Uses Cavitation, The Ocean's Most Powerful Punch
Enlarge this image toggle caption Reinhard Dirscherl/ullstein bild via Getty Images Reinhard Dirscherl/ullstein bild via Getty Images
Throughout history, being on the receiving end of anything involving cavitation, a miniscule underwater implosion, has been bad news. Millions of years before humans discovered cavitation — and promptly began avoiding it, given its tendency to chew up machinery — the phenomenon has provided the shockwave and awe behind a punch so ridiculously violent that it's made the mantis shrimp a honey badger-esque Internet mascot.
Now, a slew of companies is co-opting the phenomenon behind the ocean's most powerful punch to process food and beverages from yogurt to beer.
Cavitation is when low pressure in a liquid produces a bubble that rapidly collapses, and heats up to 20,000 Kelvin — hotter than the sun's surface. This usually releases a flash of light called sonoluminescence, which physicists still don't understand. Some physicists even theorize that cavitation bubbles could get hot enough to power nuclear fusion.
Mantis shrimp's club-like appendages generate these bubbles by punching with the acceleration of a .22 caliber bullet. When they hit their prey's shell, they create a low-pressure area, vaporizing water and forming a cavitation bubble that collapses with a shockwave with up to 280 percent of the force of the original punch. Pistol shrimp, the world's loudest animal, snap their claws so quickly that they create a low-pressure jet that causes cavitation bubbles, stunning prey.
We humans are newcomers to cavitation. We never properly observed it until 1895, on torpedo boat propellers. And, save for using cavitation to reduce drag on torpedoes, engineers have generally designed equipment to avoid it like the plague.
According to Doug Mancosky, chief science officer of Hydro Dynamics, which designs cavitation technology, when 15 years ago he started trying to convince biofuel and petroleum manufacturers that cavitation could be used to refine their products, they thought he was crazy. Now, his company is at the forefront of a burgeoning sector of firms selling cavitation technology to food and beverage manufacturers.
Their first foray into the food market, in 2013, was when Hydro Dynamics discovered that cavitation could simplify egg pasteurization. According to Mancosky, their tech, which uses a hole-filled rotor (picture the inside of a washing machine) to generate cavitation bubbles, could heat from within the liquid. "The surfaces of our devices actually stay cooler than the liquid flowing through it" so eggs couldn't harden like they did on hot industrial equipment. And since companies could tune the intensity of cavitation, they could pasteurize and mix eggs without breaking apart too many proteins in them.
Since then, Hydro Dynamics and their licensees have branched out into processing pet food and dairy products — such as making fluffier, aerated yogurt products and milk. More recently, they've begun using cavitation bubbles to unravel and condense proteins in low-fat whey drinks to a size where they produce a richer, fat-like mouthfeel. They aren't alone in the dairy market, though. Among others, Yoplait and Valio have also patented in-house methods of using cavitation to process dairy products in recent years.
However, since 2015 — when an Italian National Research Council team published pioneering research on using cavitation to brew beer — cavitation has been making the most waves in the beverage industry.
According to one scientist from that research team, Francesco Meneguzzi, they found that cavitation processed and converted more of the starch in barley to brewable sugars — without having to germinate it first — in less time, at lower temperatures. It also reduced volatile gases, broke apart gluten, and punctured microbes' membranes, sterilizing wort, the sugary liquid fermented into beer. They could skip boiling the wort, reducing energy consumption by 40 percent. MIT's Technology Review hailed the team's innovation, and since then, cavitation has become a burgeoning fascination of craft brewers.
Hydro Dynamics, for example, found that as cavitation bubbles formed and collapsed, they pushed and pulled wort through hops "like a plunger," Mancosky says, improving flavor extraction. Two years later, they have partnerships with a slew of craft breweries, including Anchor Brewing and Cabarrus.
"One application leads to another," Mancosky says. Cabarrus, which makes a beer infused with cold brew coffee, asked him if they could use cavitation to extract more flavor from coffee. "We said 'Yeah, it should help, the same way it helps extract more flavor from hops. They fired it up, and next thing you know, they're able to reduce their cold brewing time by 80 percent." Afterwards, working with Anchor Brewing on their blackberry ale, Hydro Dynamics demonstrated that cavitation could also more effectively extract flavor from fruit.
The transition to using cavitation technology has posed some technical challenges for brewers, though. As Anchor Brewmaster Scott Ungermann tells NPR, "cavitation can drive extraction of undesirable flavors as well as the ones that we are looking for ... with so many other variables it is very difficult to dial in exactly the flavor profile."
Ryan Cottongim of Witches Brew, another craft brewer that works with Hydro Dynamics, seconds Ungermann's sentiments, saying that trying to integrate new technology while trying to keep brews consistent has been difficult. Moreover, while Cottingham has enjoyed more efficiently extracting extra hop flavor, "at some point you hit that saturation point where you're not going to get any more from this."
Nevertheless, cavitation's alcoholic applications go even further. It can age liquor and wines by acting a catalyst. Cavitation can effectively accelerate barrel aging by extracting flavor from charred wood chips — while using the char as a carbon filter to trap impurities.
In the past two years, Hydro Dynamics has sold equipment to several wineries and distilleries for aging. And, two companies, Cavitation Technologies and Sonn Beverage Systems, are targeting consumers with household devices that age wine and spirits.
Sonn, however, uses ultrasound cavitation, a method of generating cavitation with soundwaves most well known for its use in breaking up kidney stones. Sonn CEO Denis Londry tells NPR they opted for ultrasound because "unlike other ways of generating cavitation, nothing is pressurized." The whole thing can be an open container with few moving parts — suitable for a countertop, if not a winery.
Much like Hydro Dynamics has, Londry says Sonn is also aiming to expand into the tea and coffee markets — both of which are markets eager to improve their flavor extraction technology. In fact, one cavitation technology firm confirmed to NPR that they're testing cold brewing equipment with one of the world's largest coffee chains.
But the edible applications of cavitation don't stop there. The same phenomenon behind the most powerful punch makes for a better blender, catalyzes sought-after reactions, and can "neutralize a large spectrum of spoiling and harmful microbes," such as bacteria and waterborne viruses, according to Meneguzzo, "much more effectively and efficiently than most other technologies."
After millions of years of punctuating the most destructive attacks the ocean has ever seen, the cavitation bubble has a bright future in making humans' food and drinks safer and tastier.
About the Author: Dan Soko
Dan Soko is a short story author and web content editor. He has work appearing or forthcoming in over a dozen venues, including GhanaScoop, Nigeria Daily News and CapitalBay. When he's not frightening strangers with his post and writing, he's most likely frightening his wife Mimi and their two mischievous cats: Buttons and Snaps. You can visit him at www.ghananation.com/author/webby.
An international Inuit group is angry they weren't informed that a rocket stage likely containing highly toxic fuel is set to splash down in waters they routinely hunt for food.
Okalik Eegeesiak, of the Inuit Circumpolar Commission, said both the federal government and the European Space Agency again failed to inform Inuit in Canada and Greenland about the falling debris.
"Again, we had no knowledge of this and were not included in what is happening in our areas. Our communities are hearing through the media about what is happening."
On Wednesday, a Russian rocket bearing a European environmental monitoring satellite is scheduled to launch. The second stage of the rocket is expected to fall into the waters of Baffin Bay, outside Canada's territorial waters but within its exclusive economic zone as well as the purview of the Arctic Waters Pollution Prevention Act.
The rocket is a repurposed Soviet-era SS-19 ballistic missile, fuelled by hydrazine. Hydrazine is highly carcinogenic and so toxic nearly every space program in the world has moved away from it.
However, the old SS-19s are economically attractive, said Michael Byers, a professor of international law who has studied the issue.
"These are leftover from the Cold War," he said. "They're free as a result."
The second stage of an SS-19 could have as much as a tonne of leftover hydrazine when it hits the waves.
Officials with the agency say the fuel burns up before it hits the Earth. But studies at Russian launch sites have reached different conclusions.
Eegeesiak points out the stage will fall into the North Water Polynya, the most productive and biodiverse place in the Arctic seas. Whales, seals, polar bears and walrus are found there in large numbers and Inuit from both Canada and Greenland hunt frequently there.
MARINERS boss Paul Okon has quit the club with immediate effect, walking out in the midst of a meeting with club management on Tuesday afternoon.
Okon's dramatic exit comes after a season of growing frustration, with the club marooned in ninth place.
The former Socceroo was coming to the end of a two-year deal but had been expected to agree terms for next season.
Camera Icon Paul Okon has quit as Central Coast Mariners coach. Picture: Getty Images
Okon was appointed on the eve of last season, and had hoped to make improvements this year after the club had languished near the bottom of the league for the past three seasons.
more to come
Last fall, almost all the provinces failed to meet federal deadlines for caribou recovery plans.
McFatridge said better co-operation between the federal, provincial and territorial governments on Crown land is needed. Ottawa can put protections in place on federal lands, but not others.
"It forms a bit of a patchwork. We need to see much more active co-operation."
He suggested provinces could establish species at risk permits similar to ones that exist for federal Crown land. The permits are required for work that could disturb the habitat of the most threatened species.
As well, he said, governments need to work harder to bring private landowners into the game. About half of all species at risk have habitat on private land.
Governments should use compensation to get more landowners to preserve habitat, the report concludes. Tools such as conservation easements, which restrict the type of development that can occur, should be used more often.
"In some cases, it's going to require payments for farmers, especially if the species at risk is a nuisance for their property, because they're providing a benefit for us," McFatridge said.
Ottawa also has to be willing to move on its own, he said. The act currently allows the federal government to move in with a special protection order if a province lags too much in establishing a recovery plan.
But the act already contains the necessary tools, McFatridge said.
"It's not necessarily throwing out the baby with the bathwater, but building on and scaling up and pushing further some of the things we're already doing."
The current approach isn't working, he said.
"Species are just going to continue to deteriorate.
"We need to be doing a lot more to reverse that trend line. That will take commitment and that will take resources."
On Jan. 1, 300 women in the entertainment industry announced the launch of Time's Up — an initiative that provides resources and legal funds to survivors of sexual assault and harassment. The initiative followed right on the heels of the #MeToo movement — a national campaign that has encouraged thousands of people across the globe to share their all-too-common experiences of sexual harassment in the workplace and sexual assault. Though activists like Tarana Burke, the founder of the #MeToo movement, have called to make the conversation surrounding sexual assault more inclusive of domestic workers and marginalized groups, the #MeToo movement has struggled with its relationship to marginalized communities. One community in particular has been systematically excluded from this narrative, even as they are far more vulnerable to sexual violence — people in the sex industry.
Women, men, and nonbinary people in the sex industry — including those in pornography, stripping, phone sex, camming, escorting, and more — face disproportionate amounts of sexual assault and harassment internationally, yet are rendered invisible in nearly every movement focused on empowering people oppressed by systemic sexism. "Sex work is filled with #MeToo moments," Lola Davina, a former sex worker and author of the book Thriving In Sex Work, tells Bustle. "Sex workers are unsung heroes on the front line of the consent wars." And these "consent wars," as Davina calls them, have been happening in our culture long before #MeToo.
Over a year before the #MeToo movement exploded on social media, it was hard not to note the way Jessica Drake, one of the women who have accused Donald Trump of sexual misconduct, was treated in comparison to other women who spoke out against the president. Drake, an adult film actor, was met with immense skepticism; Trump himself dismissed the claims in a news conference, saying “Oh, I'm sure she's never been grabbed before.” Brit Hume, a senior political analyst for Fox News, echoed Trump's sentiment in a series of tweets from Oct. 2016, advising his followers on Twitter to not "buy her claim of offense at [Trump's] proposition” since she works in pornography. As a sex worker and survivor, I was horrified (but not surprised) to watch Drake's experiences get dismissed and mocked simply because she chose a career in sex work. Yet, it is an all too common myth that sex workers cannot experience assault or harassment. Newsflash: they can.
This topic couldn't be more relevant this Sexual Assault Awareness Month. As the recent debate over SESTA and FOSTA has shown, attempts to "protect" sex workers more often than not conflate sex work with sex trafficking, which in turn endangers people working consensually in the sex industry and threatens their livelihoods — which, as sex workers have noted, could be avoided by considering the input of sex workers on these bills. The recent shutdown of Backpage.com — which was seized by the U.S. government on April 7 — is the latest in attacks against sex workers' safety. With the widely-used platform gone, many sex workers will lose their primary source of income. Moreover, the shutdown will only serve to further endanger people who used Backpage.com, because sex workers will not have a safe way to screen potential clients for abusive behavior. By omitting the sex worker community from conversations about women's rights and rape culture, it perpetuates the stigma and culture of violence that allows violence to be perpetrated against us.
Though organizations designed to support sex workers are few and far between, the Sex Workers' Outreach Project (SWOP) offers support to sex workers who are sexually assaulted (and sex workers in general) via telephone hotline, email, and online. “Sex workers are human beings with the same rights to give and take away consent at any time just as anyone else. An occupation — yes, that includes the occupation of sex work — does not grant implied consent,” Briq House, the communications director of SWOP USA, tells Bustle. “Sex workers are no different than other labor or service providers. Anything happening outside of the boundaries that have been established between the client and provider is abuse and assault.”
Davina adds, “Just because a person gives me money in exchange for sex or sexuality doesn't mean they can do whatever they want. I do not ever give up my right to say, ‘This doesn't feel good, I don't like this. Stop.'”
Jacqueline Frances, aka Jacq the Stripper, tells Bustle she has “a #MeToo story for every day of the week — on duty and off duty,” and says that even during a recent work shift, a patron tried to forcefully touch her. Though Frances has had a fair share of #Metoo experiences, she acknowledges that sex workers — outside of club settings that have security on-hand — have even fewer protections. "The strip club is one of the only places where I actually feel safe enough to stand up for myself and fight back. Not all sex workers have this privilege," she says.
According to statistics, sex workers who engage in full-service sex work (aka, anything that includes in-person contact or intercourse) are especially vulnerable to sexual violence. Jordyn, whose name has been changed to protect her privacy, is a sex worker from Utah who tells Bustle she takes multiple steps just to protect her physical health and safety. “Whenever I have appointments, I make sure to tell at least one or two people where I am, who I'm seeing, and how long the appointment is for, with the promise that I will check in with them directly after the appointment. They know if I don't, something is potentially wrong,” she says. Jordyn adds that she only accepts clients who have undergone thorough and verified background checks, or that have positive reviews from other people in the sex industry. “If a client cannot provide these things for me, I will only see them if they provide government ID so that I know their legal full name,” she says. “This way, if anything happens, I can take legal action. Threats and coercion are common in sex work, and just because this is what I choose to do with my life does not mean I deserve to ever be mistreated or taken advantage of.”
For many sex workers, though, reporting incidents of sexual assault to law enforcement is not a viable option due to criminalization of some types of sex work, and the increased risks of violence by police or incarceration. It is still legal in many states for undercover police officers to engage in sexual acts with sex workers prior to arresting them — with the exception of full intercourse, which is criminalized in every state but Michigan. However, sex workers across the United States have reported that despite this practice being illegal, undercover police officers still regularly solicit sex from them. This past February, Alaskan Representative Matt Claman introduced House Bill 112 to protect sex workers' agency, and close the legal loophole that permits undercover law enforcement officers to engage in sexual touching. However, the bill has been met with opposition.
Ultimately, sex workers, activists, and organizations alike have their sights set on the decriminalization of sex work to reduce rates of violence against sex workers, but this will require years — possibly decades — of global policy change. And that is exactly why intentionally centering sex workers in the #MeToo movement and Time's Up is not only essential, but life-saving.
Reducing sexual assault among sex workers begins with conversations like #MeToo. It begins with challenging stigmas, unpacking the taboos surrounding sex, and listening to sex workers. House says the #Metoo movement can become more inclusive by “elevating the voices of sex workers who come forward [with claims of assault].” She also adds that “if a sex worker has experienced violence, and they choose to share their story, it should be treated in the same sensitive light as another person's story." "I believe sex workers the first time they say something, and do not make them go through some rigorous process to ‘prove' that they didn't ‘ask' for it,” she says.
The non-inclusion of sex workers is not only a pervasive issue when it comes to sexual violence prevention, but is a criticism that can apply to the feminist movement as a whole. Though sex workers like Marsha P. Johnson and Janet Mock have been instrumental in starting the conversation around sex work from a social justice lens, their contributions are rarely recognized — or, if they are credited for their activism, their identities as sex workers are diminished. Even Dr. Maya Angelou, American Poet Laureate, had a history in sex work that has been all but completely erased from her biography.
Frances says self-proclaimed feminists often exclude sex workers and sex workers' rights from the conversation because, “There is a lot of policing of one another's feminism, as if when we unlock the secret code, patriarchy will simply vanish into thin air. It's exhausting, and only fuels the patriarchal fire of a ‘perfect woman' which is really just a pre-existing paradigm of bullsh*t.”
The #MeToo movement and Time's Up have brought justice to the forefront for many survivors, but it continues to be crucial to center the voices of people who may not have the privilege or ability to speak out against their abusers. Stigmatization and in some cases, fears of criminalization, hinders sex workers worldwide from receiving proper medical attention and support services after sexual assault. Sex workers' right to bodily autonomy is just as valid as that of a lawyer, doctor, personal assistant, barista, or anyone. The #MeToo movement and Time's Up will only be successful if it supports the most marginalized communities threatened by sexual violence — sex workers included.
Ahead of its U.S. debut on Thursday, June 15, Lidl has added another store to its opening day roster: in Wilson, North Carolina. The chain also has released its first-ever U.S. pricing leaflet, which includes “incredible deals for grand opening weekend at the first 10 stores…,” according to the European grocer.
Shoppers will be able to pick up Lidl's Allini Prosecco—recently named Sparkling Wine of the Year at the 2017 INDY International Wine Competition—for $8.99, roughly 40 percent cheaper than the leading Italian Prosecco on the market, the chain reports. From freshly-baked butter croissants for 39 cents, to Fairtrade assorted chocolate bars for 79 cents, Lidl says its pricing holds true to its commitment to deliver top quality at the lowest possible prices.
Other grand opening highlights will include a 22-inch kettle grill for $19.99, Lidl's black angus all-American beef patties for $3.49/lb. and fresh, never frozen, all-American pork tenderloin for $2.49/lb. Lidl's insulated thermal bottle will be offered at its stores for $3.99. Fresh pineapples will be offered for 89 cents, tropical mangos for 39 cents and natural vanilla ice cream for $1.99 per tub. The chain's stainless steel blade smoothie maker will be available for $12.99, with travel cups included. Additionally, Lidl says its “Best-In-Class, 93 point, gold-medal-winning sweet red wine” will be offered for $2.89.
Alongside the grand opening specials, Lidl will kick off its food theme weeks with the Italiamo range, which are authentic specialty items that the grocer is able to bring to customers direct from Italy. An Italian meal can be prepared for under $10 with items like Lidl's 99-cent extra-long 19-inch spaghetti.
Lidl says that customers who want to save even more can download its new app for additional savings and specials.
The first 100 customers to arrive at each location on Thursday also will receive a wooden coin for a chance to win up to $100 in Lidl gift cards. Shoppers will be able to sample a variety of Lidl's products and get a complimentary Lidl reusable bag, while supplies last. Festivities will continue throughout grand opening weekend with games, activities, prizes and grand opening specials.
The Lidl stores that will open Thursday include:
• Kinston, North Carolina
4050 W. Vernon Avenue
• Greenville, North Carolina
1800 East Fire Tower Road
• Sanford, North Carolina
3209 NC 87 South
• Rocky Mount, North Carolina
940 N. Wesleyan Boulevard
• Wilson, North Carolina
3520 Raleigh Road Parkway West
• Winston-Salem, North Carolina
3315 Sides Branch Road
• Spartanburg, South Carolina
8180 Warren H Abernathy Highway
• Greenville, South Carolina
2037 Wade Hampton Boulevard
• Virginia Beach, Virginia
6196 Providence Road
• Hampton, Virginia
2000 W. Mercury Boulevard
Go here to view Lidl's pricing leaflet and summer magazine.
Lidl currently operates more than 10,000 stores in 27 countries throughout Europe. The company first established its U.S. headquarters in Arlington County, Virginia, in June 2015. Since then, it has announced regional headquarters and distribution centers in Spotsylvania County, Virginia; Alamance County, North Carolina; and Cecil County, Maryland.
Several Franklin Park buildings were damaged by fire Tuesday night. Authorities said they suspect that fireworks caused the blaze.The Franklin Park Fire Department responded to a call of a fire at the Franklin Park ice arena. Firefighters found two garages in the 9600 block of Reeves Court fully engulfed in fire, which then spread to the ice arena.The two garages were severely damaged, police said. Officials said the owner of one of the buildings admitted to lighting fireworks.Police are investigating to determine whether charges are warranted.
Furthermore, people in Trump's orbit cautioned that it would not be in the president's nature to fire Flynn because doing so would amount to an admission of guilt and misjudgement in the face of media scrutiny, as well as demonstrate chaos in the early weeks of his presidency.
The doubts about the national security adviser come as Trump faces his first significant provocation from a US adversary overseas. North Korea fired a ballistic missile over the weekend, a move suspected by some experts as designed to serve as a test of components of an intercontinental ballistic missile capable of reaching the United States. Trump responded on Saturday night in a joint appearance with Abe at Mar-a-Lago, where he reassured his Japanese counterpart that the United States fully supported Japan. Flynn, a retired lieutenant general and a decorated intelligence officer, met Trump in late 2015 to offer advice about his campaign and signed on with Trump the following year. He won Trump's approval during the general election with his willingness to travel regularly and deliver fiery stump speeches trashing Trump's Democratic opponent, Hillary Clinton. Democratic leaders have called for investigations into the Flynn's contact with Russian officials and for Trump to suspend and revoke Flynn's security clearance. “President Trump's kowtowing to Vladimir Putin is endangering our national security and emboldening a dangerous tyrant,” House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi, D-Calif., said Saturday. Rep. Elijah Cummings, Md., the top Democrat on the House Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, said Sunday on ABC News that suspending Flynn's clearance would be “an appropriate action.” Trump has not yet issued a comment about Flynn, either on Twitter or in one of his brief appearances before journalists over the weekend. Aboard Air Force One on Friday, reporters asked Trump about The Post's report on Flynn's discussion of sanctions and the president claimed he did not know about it, even though it had by then become a major story across cable news. “I don't know about that. I haven't seen it,” Trump said during a flight to Florida from Washington. “What report is that? I haven't seen that. I'll look into that.” —Washington Post More from USA Evacuation order lifted near California dam
Trump tries to sidestep Russian scandal
Trump adviser Flynn quits
How national security has become a party piece
A popular bar in Sheffield city centre was closed by the police over the weekend after a man was left fighting for life after an attack.
Police chiefs took the unusual decision to close Walkabout on Carver Street after a man suffered life threatening injuries in an attack in the early hours of Sunday.
The 28-year-old was rushed to hospital, where his condition today is said to be stable.
South Yorkshire Police closed the bar on a temporary basis and was due to apply for a closure order for up to three months at Sheffield Magistrates' Court this morning, but withdrew the application and allowed the bar to trade again this afternoon after ordering a number of changes.
They have ordered the installation of an enhanced CCTV system and the employment of a new door security team.
Changes to the team's management team have also been ordered.
South Yorkshire Police said an action plan for the bar has been drawn up.
Temporary Chief Superintendent Shaun Morley, of South Yorkshire Police, said: "Following this serious incident we worked quickly to enforce a 48-hour closure notice on this licensed premises, which was in effect from Sunday lunchtime.
"Work has been ongoing over the weekend, with detectives working hard to investigate the circumstances surrounding the reported assault, as well as officers and legal staff working with partners and management at Walkabout to ensure that an incident of this nature does not happen again.
"We have already discussed a number of strict measures with the premises, including placing the venue on an action plan that will be closely monitored and reviewed.
"The premises will therefore be allowed to reopen today under a set of agreed conditions, which includes installation of enhanced CCTV, completely changing their door security team and changes to their management team.
"However, should there be significant concerns about a premise, police can apply to magistrates to have a closure notice extended - as we have done in other cases.
"I hope this measure sends a strong, clear message to licensed premises that we will take firm and immediate action if we believe the public are at risk or there are serious issues at a particular location.
"I also hope this action reassures the public that we are committed to keeping people safe and that everyone should be able to enjoy South Yorkshire's night-time economy safely and without risk."
A 23-year-old man arrested on suspicion of assault and has been released from police custody and remains under investigation.
A Walkabout spokeswoman said: "We can confirm that the venue was closed over the weekend but it re-opened today at 12pm with business as usual.
"The closure followed an unusual incident which took place on Saturday evening and we are confident that all possible steps have been taken, working closely with the police and other authorities, to ensure it cannot happen again.”
By JOHN P. TRETBAR
Kansas independent oil producers got an earful from members of the state's congressional delegation Monday, mostly about regulation and tax reform. Senator Pat Roberts, and Representatives Lynn Jenkins, Kevin Yoder and Ron Estes took part in the annual meeting of the Kansas Independent Oil & Gas Association in Wichita. Yoder told the gathering that tax reform would be the “centerpiece” of the House's work this fall. Jenkins complained about the Senate's 60-vote threshold for ending filibusters, calling it “the only thing” keeping them from doing the right thing in Washington. Senator Roberts said he hopes they won't have to do away with the rule, saying he thinks it would be bad for the country, making the Senate little more than the House.
Baker Hughes reported 949 active drilling rigs across the US Friday, a drop of eight rigs drilling for natural gas but an increase of three rigs looking for oil. Canada reported 220 active rigs, up three. They're drilling at one site in Russell County and reporting drilling ahead on two leases in Barton County this week. Operators are moving in completion tools at two sites in Barton County, two sites in Ellis County, and one in Stafford County. Independent Oil & Gas reports 11 active rigs in eastern Kansas last week, up three, and 23 west of Wichita up one.
The Nomenclature Committee of the Kansas Geological Society recognized and named 16 new oil fields in Kansas last month, bringing the statewide total so far this year to 38, 22 more than the same period last year. The committee recognized two new fields in Ellis County, Coachman Energy's Penney lease, and Stroke of Luck Energy's Custer Valley play.
Operators filed 40 permits to drill at new locations last week, 22 east of Wichita and 18 in western Kansas, including two each in Ellis and Stafford counties. Statewide so far this year we've seen 859 new permits, compared to 598 a year ago and 1,535 at this time two years ago.
Independent Oil & Gas Service reported 27 new well completions across the state last week, 820 so far this year, including ten in eastern Kansas and 17 west of Wichita. There was one in Ellis County and two in Russell County but all three were dry holes.
Monthly numbers from Independent Oil & Gas Service show that through July, one in four completed wells statewide, and one in three in western Kansas failed to produce pay dirt. Operators reported 27 dry holes in July out of 80 completed wells. So far this year, out of 741 total completions, 180 were dry holes. Independent reported 54 newly-completed wells in eastern Kansas last month and 26 west of Wichita, including three in Barton County, one in Russell County and one in Stafford County.
Operators filed 93 permits to drill at new locations across Kansas last month. There were 41 new permits in eastern Kansas and 52 in western Kansas, including two in Barton County, two in Ellis County, and one in Russell County.
The US was a net-exporter of Liquefied Natural Gas for the first time in 60 years. Last week the government reported our capacity to export LNG is set to increase nearly sevenfold over the next three years thanks to five new export projects, as well as rising capacity on pipelines to Mexico. In its monthly Short-Term Energy Outlook the US Energy Information Administration raised its estimate of US crude oil output for this year and next year. EIA lowered its price expectations for this year, but left next year's price forecast unchanged.
A rail bridge and rail line viewed as critical to the oil and gas industry in Texas will get a refit, thanks to a $7 million grant from the federal government. The funds will be used to rebuild the Presidio-Ojinaga International Rail Bridge across the Rio Grande, which was damaged and closed by fire nine years ago. Officials called the project a critical project to increase jobs and investment in the Permian Basin and the Texas oil patch.
Chinese crude oil imports in July dropped to their lowest level in seven months, although they were up 12 percent on an annual basis. According to Reuters both exports and imports increased less than expected and that has analysts worried that China's economy may have started to show signs of a slowdown.
The list of people facing sanctions in Venezuela grew to 30 this week, But an outcry from the US oil industry appears to have stalled efforts to sanction the country as a whole. Officials say a ban on petroleum imports from Venezuela, our third-largest supplier, would cost U.S. jobs and drive up gasoline costs. The Trump administration on Wednesday slapped sanctions on eight members of Venezuela's new constitutional assembly. The Treasury Department took the unusual step of sanctioning Maduro himself last month, freezing any assets he may have in the U.S. and blocking Americans from doing business with him.
YELLOWKNIFE (February 1, 2018) – The Department of Infrastructure advises of delays, lasting up to one hour, on Highways 1 and 3 on Friday, February 2, 2018.
The delays are due to a scheduled convoy of three wide load trucks, which will leave the Alberta and Northwest Territories border (highway 1) around 11:00 a.m. and reach Yellowknife (highway 3) around 7:00 p.m.
Approaching traffic will be stopped at pull outs or wide locations as the loads travel northbound along the route and held until the three loads have passed. Wait times are expected to be between 30 minutes and an hour in duration.
If you have any questions or concerns, contact Greg Hanna, communications coordinator, at greg_hanna@gov.nt.ca or 867-767-9082, extension 31046.
American media are reporting an explosion close to New York City's busy Port Authority Bus Terminal. The location is also extremely close to the iconic Times Square.
It is yet unclear how many have been injured in the explosion.
Word is still awaited on whether this was a terrorist attack or the explosion was caused by some other factor.
The Ney York Police Department tweeted a single line advisory, which read, "The NYPD is responding to reports of an explosion of unknown origin at 42nd Street and 8th Ave, #Manhattan. The A, C and E line are being evacuated at this time. Info is preliminary, more when available."
The NYPD is responding to reports of an explosion of unknown origin at 42nd Street and 8th Ave, #Manhattan. The A, C and E line are being evacuated at this time. Info is preliminary, more when available. pic.twitter.com/7vpNT97iLC — NYPD NEWS (@NYPDnews) December 11, 2017
NYPD's transit bureau chief tweeted that all subway services through Times Square have been restricted, and requested everyone to avoid the area:
Subway service and travel through the Times Sq subway station is restricted as we investigate an incident, please avoid the area pic.twitter.com/R8L3HOnqhh — Chief Joseph Fox (@NYPDTransit) December 11, 2017
More deails awaited.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Street art is a colourful and compelling addition to the urban landscape around the world - from New York and London to Banksy's Bristol.
A new book from Lonely Planet documents 42 international cities, profiles 15 leading festivals, interviews some of the key artists and lists hundreds of locations to spot celebrated works.
Mirror Travel asked the book's author, Ed Bartlett, to choose seven of the lesser known – and in some cases surprising – places to get your fix.
1) KIEV, UKRAINE
Artist: Guido Van Helten. Photo: Guido Van Helten. Location: Lesi Ukrainky Blvd 36, Kiev.
Ed says: Ukraine's capital has a vibrant and increasingly political scene. The giant tower blocks of Podil provide a suitably epic canvas.
Artist: Herakut. Photo: Herakut. Location: Nylendugata 29, 101 Reykjavik .
Ed says: The world's northernmost capital used to have a zero tolerance approach to street art. Today it's home to projects like Wall Poetry, where artists and musicians collaborate to create lyric-inspired artworks.
3) MARRAKECH, MOROCCO
(Photo: Urban Presents)
Artist: Remi Rough. Photo: urbanpresents.net. Location: Rue Tétouan, Marrakech .
Ed says: The famous souks of the Medina are one of the last places you might expect to see street art. The 2016 Marrakesh Biennale brought a range of international artists to paint walls around the maze-like Moroccan city.
4) MEXICO CITY
Artist: D*Face. Photo: @rebelsalliance. Location: Rear of Avenida Cuauhtémoc 273, Roma Norte, 06700 Mexico City.
Ed says: Diego Rivera introduced the tradition of muralism to Mexico City in the 1920s, and today artists from all over the world come to paint on the streets. Here British artist D*Face creates an homage to Mexico's ‘Day of the Dead'.
5) CHRISTCHURCH, NEW ZEALAND
(Photo: Luke Shirlaw Ironlak)
Artist: Rone. Photo: Luke Shirlaw. Location: Quest Serviced Apartments, 113 Worcester Street, Christchurch 8011.
Ed says: The centre of Christchuch was virtually destroyed during the 2011 earthquake. Street art played a huge role in its regeneration through projects such as RISE.
South Africa's Zulu battlefields tour is an amazing and humbling trip back in time
6) JOHANNESBURG, SOUTH AFRICA
Artist: Adnate. Photo: Adnate Location: 21 Gus Street, Johannesburg 2043.
Ed says: Like London's Shoreditch or New York's Williamsburg, the industrial warehouses of Maboneng Precinct have gradually evolved into a hip neighborhood covered with interesting street art.
7) ISTANBUL, TURKEY
Artist: M-City. Photo: M-City. Location: Talimhane Sokak 5, Osmanağ, 34714 Kadıköy, Istanbul.
Ed says: The history and architecture of Istanbul makes for a unique street art experience. Head across the Bosphorus to Kadıköy on the Asian side of the city to see giant works from the Mural Istanbul Festival.
Ranbir Kapoor, the proud owner of one of the most enviable collections of kicks in Bollywood, just revealed where he shops for new ones. Even though, by his own account, his personal style has remained pretty much the same — “Sneakers, jeans, a T-shirt or a shirt and a New York Yankees cap” — the actor just cannot have enough sneakers. “I'm a sneakerhead,” he says in an exclusive interview with GQ India. “I usually buy two pairs of each sneaker — like they say, ‘one to rock, one to stock.'”
So, where does Ranbir Kapoor go shopping for his precious kicks? “New York has an amazing sneaker store called Flight Club,” he tells us but adds that his most expensive shoes don't come from a store but rather from a reseller. If you aren't familiar with the concept of resellers, we'll let the actor explain it to you, “[One of] those guys who buy shoes as soon as they're out and then resell them later for a higher price.” It's this reseller who hooks him up with every kind of sneaker that's worth having. But even superstars must wait because, “the ones I usually like are snapped up within seconds, it could take me a year to get them.” But that's not all. There's also the fact that they are, as Kapoor puts it, “ferociously expensive.”
But despite his sneaker obsession, Ranbir Kapoor remains a minimalist. Sure he shops a lot— “at places like Harvey Nichols, Selfridges”— but he also doesn't hoard stuff. “At any given time, I'll only have 15 shirts, never 25-30, even though I'm being new stuff all the time. I also have a bit of an OCD problem: If you look at my cupboard, everything's nearly organised, the clothes are all colour-coordinated,” he says.
In GQ India‘s June issue, Kapoor also opens up about collecting art, being selfish, growing up and Alia Bhatt. Read the full interview here!
NOW READ
Ranbir Kapoor's weekend home, worth ₹13 crore, could look like this
What's Ranbir Kapoor like in real life?
Ranbir Kapoor, Ryan Gosling and other stylish men
> More on Style & Fashion
Somali Immigrants Have Abandoned Kansas Town After Bomb Plot
Three militia members go on trial Tuesday for plotting to bomb Somali immigrants working in the Kansas Meatpacking Triangle, a constellation of minority-majority, hardscrabble pioneer towns, that depend on foreign labor. Somali immigrants have all but abandoned one town, despite civic and police efforts to reassure them that they're safe there. Some residents want them to return.
MARY LOUISE KELLY, HOST:
Now to Kansas. Three members of a militia group are scheduled to go on trial tomorrow for what prosecutors say was a plot to bomb an apartment complex full of Muslim Somali immigrants. The alleged plot rattled people in the three rural southwest Kansas communities that form what is known as the Meatpacking Triangle. As Frank Morris of member station KCUR reports, it has also sparked an exodus of immigrants from one of the towns.
FRANK MORRIS, BYLINE: The bomb plot allegedly took root right where I'm standing here by an old, rusty, metal Quonset hut in Wright, Kan., a few miles from Dodge City. Patrick Stein lived here in a trailer, since been removed. And the FBI says that Stein was stockpiling weapons and ammunition until one morning in October of 2016.
CHELSEA BRADVILLE: My kids went out to go to school and there were cops with assault rifles everywhere.
MORRIS: Chelsea Bradville lives a couple of doors down from Stein's old place in this tiny town of 160 on the spare, dry plains of southwestern Kansas.
BRADVILLE: And we don't even have cars that drive by our house really, so, you know, it was really scary.
MORRIS: Prosecutors say that months before the raid, a paid informant began recording Stein as he allegedly prepared to bomb and shoot up an apartment complex containing a mosque 60 miles away in Garden City. According to the indictment, those recordings are full of hateful, racist screeds against Muslim immigrants with Stein claiming that refugees were taking jobs from white workers. This is a staunchly conservative part of Kansas. The pickup in Chelsea Bradville's driveway has a black assault rifle decal in the rear window.
But Bradville has an abiding respect for the Hispanic, Asian and African immigrants doing hard, dirty work in the area's meatpacking plants.
BRADVILLE: That's, you know, very intensive labor and there's a lot of the community that just doesn't want to do that, you know, and they do. They don't care. They'll do the hard work and make it.
MORRIS: That's a widely held view around here. Ninety miles to the southwest, hundreds of immigrants work at the huge slaughterhouse in the hardscrabble town of Liberal, Kan.
EARL WATT: This is a place for you get a chance to get started.
MORRIS: Earl Watt runs the High Plains Daily Leader and Times newspaper here in Liberal, the town where Patrick Stein allegedly found two men eager to join his plot to attack Somali immigrants.
WATT: The Crusaders or I've heard some other militia names that they were called.
MORRIS: Prosecutors say the two other Crusaders, Curtis Allen and Gavin Wright, work in Liberal making explosives, identifying targets and developing a manifesto declaring war on Muslim immigrants. Defense attorneys won't comment so close to trial, but Watt thinks the defense may argue that the men were lured into the bomb plot by FBI agents.
WATT: If it's proven to be true, these guys are associated with something that was pure evil and it was happening right under a lot of our noses. That's scary.
MORRIS: Especially scary if you are the intended target.
AMBYIO FARAH: Like, it was kind of shocking to me to believe that someone wants to bomb me because of my religion or where I'm from, you know?
MORRIS: Ambyio Farah is an 18-year-old refugee from Somalia and a U.S. citizen. She says she's one of the few from her native country still in Liberal, that close to 200 Somalis have fled. And you can clearly see that here at what used to be a thriving African grocery store.
FARAH: This is the place. It used to be the place, but now it's a ghost town. There's no one here.
MORRIS: It's locked up, it's dark.
FARAH: It used to be really beautiful, have all these African lightings and have someone standing here dressed in their African clothing just to welcome you, say hi.
MORRIS: Farah says a lot of Somalis from Liberal have moved to Garden City, Kan., about 60 miles north of here, joining a larger Somali community, the one allegedly targeted for attack by men going on trial tomorrow. For NPR News, I'm Frank Morris in Liberal, Kan.
Copyright © 2018 NPR. All rights reserved. Visit our website terms of use and permissions pages at www.npr.org for further information.
NPR transcripts are created on a rush deadline by Verb8tm, Inc., an NPR contractor, and produced using a proprietary transcription process developed with NPR. This text may not be in its final form and may be updated or revised in the future. Accuracy and availability may vary. The authoritative record of NPR's programming is the audio record.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Police officers rushed to save a man's life after he crashed his car in one of Bristol's busiest roads on Saturday afternoon.
Officers were called to reports that a car had crashed into parked cars on Stapleton Road, just east of the junction with Trinity Road in St Judes.
They arrived at the scene just after 1.36pm on Saturday and found it appeared a man had collapsed at the wheel of his car, which had then crashed into parked cars in front of a road of shops near Easton Leisure Centre.
Officers are understood to have undertaken CPR on the man before an ambulance arrived and rushed the man to the Bristol Royal Infirmary for treatment.
Other police units arrived and soon half a dozen or more police cars closed the A432 Stapleton Road.
The incident between Old Market and Easton caused significant delays in the area, including on the A4320 Easton Way, connections in Old Market, Temple Way and the M32.
The incident was initially reported as an accident, and traffic was diverted around the A420 onto the Lawrence Hill roundabout.
It is understood the road was reopened following recovery of the vehicle, at around 4pm.
Carnoustie is regarded as the most difficult of the three courses that stage the tournament. Kingsbarns and the Old Course at St. Andrews are the others, with players alternating between the three in the first three rounds before playing at St. Andrews again for the final round.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Oscar Pistorius has been left injured after a prison brawl, it has been confirmed.
The Paralympic champion was involved in a clash with a fellow inmate as they queued to use a pay phone.
Pistorius is said to have “known well” the fellow prisoner who he was involved in the altercation with.
The 31-year-old, who is serving a 13-year jail sentence for murdering his girlfriend Reeva Steenkamp, sustained a bruised arm following the incident.
"Oscar Pistorius sustained a bruise following an alleged incident with another inmate over the use of a public phone in the special care unit where both offenders are detained at Attridgeville Correctional Centre," said spokesperson Singabakho Nxumalo.
More to follow.
Twitter goes wild as Paulinho signs for Barcelona
Twiiter does what it does best, erupts!
by Harsh Biyani Tweets 14 Aug 2017, 18:35 IST
Barcelona have reached an agreement to sign the Brazil international
Former Tottenham player, Paulinho, today joined Barcelona for £36.3m subject to a medical. He moved from Chinese Super League side Guangzhou Evergrande.
The player will undergo his medical and be officially presented on Thursday.
After Barcelona announced the agreement, Twitter went wild and we bring you some of the best tweets.
- Neymar sold to PSG
- Liverpool refuse to sell Coutinho
- Lose 3-1 to Real Madrid
- Sign Paulinho for €40m
The Barcelona board today... pic.twitter.com/tefRgXru5T — BetBright (@BetBright) August 14, 2017
Barcelona's most expensive signings ever:
- Neymar
- Suárez
- Zlatan
- Paulinho pic.twitter.com/LOeF1URibr — Football__Tweet (@Football__Tweet) August 14, 2017
Barcelona buy Paulinho a Spurs reject, & a Chinese Club (Guangzhou Evergrande) makes profit ???? — Aaqib (@Chocmilksheikh1) August 14, 2017
Barcelona signings which cost less than Paulinho:
Ter Stegen
Alves
Milito
Piqué
Alba
Rakitic
Fabregas
Henry
Ronaldinho
Ronaldo
Eto'o pic.twitter.com/vb7JGPwyv3 — bet365 (@bet365) August 14, 2017
Yesterday was the 44th annoversary of the icon Johan Cruyff signing for Barcelona, today we honour him by announcing the sogning of Paulinho — El Máestro (@ElMaestrofcb) August 14, 2017
BREAKING: Barcelona sign former Spurs midfielder Paulinho for €40m. ????
Making him the club's 4th most expensive signing of all-time. ???? pic.twitter.com/WnErptKhpW — SPORF (@Sporf) August 14, 2017
Why would Barcelona sign Paulinho for €40m when they could've bought Jean Seri from OGC Nice for the same price? Makes little sense. — Liam Canning (@LiamPaulCanning) August 14, 2017
Barcelona: "Guangzhou Evergrande, we want to sign Paulinho, and are willing to spend €40m."
Guangzhou Evergrande: pic.twitter.com/xaXW11hO2e — Matthew Santangelo (@Matt_Santangelo) August 14, 2017
Villas-Boas said Paulinho's signing shows Chinese League's strength. No, mate, it is Barcelona's weak business model. — یشل (@Leospass) August 14, 2017
Don't worry Barcelona, Paulinho will save your club pic.twitter.com/sIYFgIHwmg — Coral (@Coral) August 13, 2017
Barcelona have €222m to spend and the first player they sign is a 29-year-old Paulinho for €40m? What a total mess. — Liam Canning (@LiamPaulCanning) August 14, 2017
If you want to know what does "PANIC BUY" means
then Barcelona js signed Paulinho for €40 Mn
My condolences to all the barcelona fans RIP pic.twitter.com/tvOP3BMSJx — Freaky ~ DRaval (@_DRaval) August 14, 2017
Leo Messi welcomes Paulinho on Instagram....
???? ???? ???? ???? pic.twitter.com/PQgsQDB7Q8 — 101 Great Goals (@101greatgoals) August 14, 2017
Paulinho:
March 2017 - Voted the worst ever player at Tottenham
August 2017 - Signs for Barcelona for €40m. pic.twitter.com/doJFtC0jQW — Football__Tweet (@Football__Tweet) August 14, 2017
Sports News of Tuesday, 24 April 2018
Source: footballghana.com
Nana Appiah Mensah, CEO of Menzgold
According to several reports, talks are ongoing between Zylofon Media, owned by Nana Appiah Mensah, and the Ghana Football Association on the number of years the business guru want to sponsor the Ghana Premier League.
Report suggests that the FA wants Zylofon to sponsor the league for five years, with negotiations ongoing between both parties.
A press conference to announce the sponsorship package will be held on Thursday, April 26, 2018, if both parties come to an agreement.
Nana Appiah Mensah last Saturday announced his intention to sponsor the Ghana Premier League when he visited the junior national teams at their camping base at the Ghanaman Soccer Center of Excellence at Prampram.
The business guru broke the news of sponsoring the Ghana Premier League through one of his able lieutenants, Frederick Boateng.
“On behalf of Nana Appiah Mensah and his team, I would like to announce that Zylofon will be sponsoring the Ghana Premier League.
Kwesi Nyantakyi was appreciative of Nana Appiah Mensah's will to support the Ghana Premier League after the announcement was made.
“We thank Nana for this kind gesture; we hope that we will build on that to develop the league, and we pray that God blesses him so he can continue to support the league.
“We are discussing three to five years and the details will be announced to the public within the week”, he added.
Nana Appiah Mensah donated GH?200,000 to the Black Satellites and the Black Starlets apart from their preparations towards the African qualifiers.
Press Release Monday 14th August 2017 Share this article Share
Companies in this article deltaDNA
14th, August 2017, San Francisco and Edinburgh: Deep data analytics and real time player marketing platform deltaDNA, today announced the appointment of Dr Isaac Roseboom as Chief Strategy Officer.
The newly created role will see Roseboom take responsibility for researching and defining the platform vision, balancing technical and market considerations to maximize the company's commercial reach. Roseboom previously held the position of Head of Insight at deltaDNA, where he worked as a consultant on hundreds of games, offering wide ranging expertise on data-driven game design and the use of predictive modelling. In addition, Roseboom also heads research at deltaDNA, bringing the best in analytics and real-time marketing to game developers and publishers through its self-service platform. Isaac will now work alongside company co-founders Mark Robinson (CEO), Chris Wright (CTO) and Chairman Tim Christian, as part of a newly created Platform Vision Board, responsible for the future development of the company's award-winning technology platform and services. Prior to joining deltaDNA, Dr Roseboom was an astrophysicist, building data processing pipelines for large space telescopes, leading major projects on Hubble and Herschel & Spitzer. Mark Robinson, CEO said: "DeltaDNA has built a unique solution combining high-performance analytics with marketing engagement and ad tech that has become essential for many developers in creating successful games. However, we have many more ideas to harness data to understand players and create personalized experiences by embedding more intelligence into our platform." "Therefore, I'm extremely pleased to be working alongside Isaac in helping to define the future direction of the platform, as he is an individual with unrivalled calibre and expertise in our sector and is an incredible to asset to our business." Dr Isaac Roseboom, Chief Strategy Officer, added: "During my time with deltaDNA, the company's ability to consistently balance rapid innovation, reliable service and customer success has been truly remarkable, so having the opportunity to help shape its growth from this point is both an incredible honour and challenge."
If you have jobs news to share or a new hire you want to shout about, please contact us on newhires@gamesindustry.biz
Club Captain Cal Davies, right, presents prizes to net winners Ted Stewart, left, and Wolf Suhr as well as gross winner Jim Proteau, third from left. Missing from photo: Proteau's partner Cory Nielson. SUBMITTED PHOTO
GERRY FAGAN
SPECIAL TO THE NEWS
The weather was sunny and warm, as 46 men teed it up for the Men's Club alternate shot on Sunday, May 27.
First place with 74 gross was the team of Jim Proteau and Cory Nielson, winning by retrogression over Colton Buffie and Justin Sketsch, also at 74.
Third place was won by Colin Hamilton and Joe Henry carding 75, in fourth spot was Sam Parhar and Brett Parhar coming in at 77, in fifth place with 78 was Wayne Johnstone and Preben Rasmussen. The final gross prize goes to Matt Mesic and Mike Savard carding 78.
Winning on the net side, Wolf Suhr and his partner Ted Stewart, coming in with 62.5. Second place with 63 was Brent Stolth and Gary McLeod. Carding 65 was the third place team of Devin Cusson and Gerry Fagan.
Followed in order of the way they finished are, Gord Unger and Bob Matlock, Don McGowan and Fred Fredrickson, John Panagrot and Dennis Frykas, Darren Van Dyk and Phil Anker, Glen Trask and Al Wright, Cal Davies and Don Grill, Chris Owen and Dan Goddard, and Brian Tall and Brent Tall.
Closet to the pin winners were Joe Henry on No. 2, Sam Parhar on No. 4, Ted Stewart on No. 13 and on No. 17 it was Brett Parhar. Many thanks to GD Auto for their generous contribution the day.
Next Sunday is the computer picked altered course scramble. Please sign up in the pro shop no later than 2 p.m. Saturday, June 2.
This event is sponsored by Pacific Chevrolet. It will be at 8 a.m. shotgun start.
Since she announced that she was running for New York governor on Monday afternoon, the internet has been sharing all sorts of memories related to actress and writer Cynthia Nixon. Donald Trump handing her an Emmy back in 2004, though, just might take the cake insofar as it highlights the current intersection of entertainment and American politics.
In the video, which has been spreading around Twitter, Nixon and several of her fellow cast members from Sex and the City are up for an award for best supporting actress for their work on the hit show. Trump and Simon Caldwell — of American Idol fame — are handing out the award together, and Trump ultimately announces Nixon's win, handing the trophy off to her himself.
Nixon discussed the experience last summer in an interview with Variety. "Do I wish I had gotten my Emmy from somebody else? Yes, I do," Nixon said. "Absolutely I do. But, it's not like he picked me. He just passed off the trophy."
Still, the video is a striking reminder of how dramatically American politics have shifted in the less than two decades since the Emmy show would have first aired. The man handing out the award is now president of the United States; the woman receiving it is running for New York governor.
However, unlike Trump, who seemed to rise to political success quite suddenly following his own campaign for elected office, Nixon's participation in the political arena has ramped up slowly over the last decade. In the past year alone she has penned several political op-eds, including one where she spoke out against Trump's presidential performance. On top of that, she has developed a reputation for championing funding for public schools.
Neither Trump nor Nixon are the first Hollywood entertainers to run for public office, of course. Terminator actor Arnold Schwarzenegger was governor of California from 2003 to 2011. And before him, Ronald Reagan acted for decades before serving as governor of the Sunshine State in the 70s, ultimately going on to be president of the United States from 1981 to 1989.
Notably, Trump, Schwarzenegger, and Reagan all ran for office as Republicans, as did a whole slew of successful actors-turned-politicians. Actors who run for office as Democrats have less successful reputations for clinching wins, though there are notable exceptions. Among them are former Sen. Al Franken and Jerry Springer, who served one year as mayor of Cincinnati.
Nixon will be taking on Democratic incumbent Andrew Cuomo, who has served as New York governor since 2011, and early polls indicate that New Yorkers are currently comfortable with the sitting state leader. According to a poll conducted by Siena College, if the gubernatorial election were to happen on the day of her campaign announcement, voters favor Cuomo to Nixon 66-19 percent. However, the state's Democratic primary isn't until Sept. 13, leaving candidates two whole seasons to make their case to voters.
While the poll indicates that Cuomo is in the lead, Nixon has positioned herself thus far as the anti-Cuomo. The only major policy platform on her campaign website as of Monday evening was a page titled #CUOMOSMTA, in which she eviscerates his handling of subway repairs — or lack thereof.
"Governor Cuomo has been focused on making superficial, cosmetic changes rather than fixing the real problems," her website reads. "He has completely neglected the non-glamorous infrastructure work that actually keeps the subway functioning."
According to the website, "Nixon rides the subway every day" and "understands first-hand the toll that his disastrous mismanagement of the MTA is taking on everyday New Yorkers." This characterization directly opposes the stereotype of the wealthy, out-of-touch Hollywood entertainer that Nixon is likely to butt up against on the campaign trail.
Cuomo, reportedly, is calm in the face of a campaign challenge. "I'm not nervous about whoever runs," Cuomo said last week, according to The New York Times. "There'll be people who run. That's called elections, and that's fine." How either candidates' campaigns play out waits to be seen.
MOSCOW — Eight yellow cards. A head-butt. Yelling players surrounding the referee. Gamesmanship and spikiness across the pitch. Decided on a penalty shootout, the World Cup drama of England vs. Colombia would have been better without the ugliness. Among those who thought so: Colombia coach Jose Pekerman.
"When there are so, so many fouls and interruptions I think that's not good," he said. "We shouldn't only look at Colombian players. We should also look at England players."
Struggling at times to keep control of the game, American referee Mark Geiger dished out six yellow cards to Colombian players.
Four of them were in a particularly ill-disciplined 12-minute second-half spell that included Colombia midfielder Carlos Sanchez wrestling England striker Harry Kane to the ground on a set-piece in the penalty box. Kane scored from the spot.
The two England players cautioned were Jordan Henderson and Jesse Lingard.
"There were so many interruptions in the game, far too many interruptions," Pekerman said. "That hasn't been good for us. It's hurt our side a lot."
Wilmar Barrios got the first yellow card, after he butted his head into Henderson's chest and then his chin. The England midfielder fell to the ground theatrically.
England manager Gareth Southgate defended his players' behaviour.
"If we were down, it was because we were fouled," he said.
"There were many, many fouls in the game and I don't think we conceded anywhere near the number of our opponents. ... I'm proud of the discipline. We kept our composure in a really difficult environment, and we deserved to win."
The specialist weight-loss surgeon said he and his team at Mumbai's Saifee hospital hoped the surgery would help Abd Al Aty shed another 150 kilogrammes.
It would allow her to sit up and feed herself, something not possible in her present state. Following the surgery she will spend five months being closely monitored by the Indian specialists and receiving physiotherapy to exercise her muscles before returning to Egypt. Lakdawala said if the initial treatment was successful then doctors could use surgery to bring Abd Al Aty's weight down to under 100 kilogrammes in a couple of years' time. The Egyptian, who hails from the Mediterranean port city of Alexandria, was flown to India's commercial capital in a specially modified Airbus on Saturday for treatment. Abd Al Aty's sister had approached Lakdawala in October, saying her sibling needed urgent medical attention. Her family told the doctor that as a child she was diagnosed with elephantiasis, a condition that causes the limbs and other body parts to swell, leaving her almost immobile. Abd Al Aty has suffered a stroke and faced a series of other serious ailments owing to her weight including diabetes, high blood pressure, hypertension and sleep deprivation. Her request for an Indian visa was initially denied, but she was granted passage after tweeting a plea for help directly to India's foreign minister, who intervened. Abd Al Aty had a long wait as no airlines were willing to fly her due to her health complications. Bariatric surgery is a stomach-shrinking bypass procedure carried out on those wanting to lose excessive weight. It is increasingly common in India, which has a growing problem with obesity, particularly in urban areas. India is a major destination for medical tourists seeking quality services and no waiting lists at a fraction of the cost of western countries. More from Egypt Egypt's parliament approves cabinet reshuffle
13 Egyptians kidnapped in Libya freed: army
Book highlights women's divorce woes in Egypt
'Heaviest woman' in India for surgery
Being single on Valentine's day, especially when you don't want to be, can be a painful reminder of the elusive nature of romantic partnerships.
But when intimate love seems out of reach, there are other forms of love you have access to all around you. Now is the time to strengthen and acknowledge those connections and remind yourself that love exists in many forms outside of romanticism. Here are some ways you can fall in love with the other relationships in your life:
Fall In Love With Nature Escaping into a tropical paradise or admiring the majesty of a mountain peak can make you feel small in the best way. Nature has a way of taking you out of the chatter of your mind and into the present moment. For those who live coastal, make sure you take some time today to sit at the beach and let yourself be in awe of creation. For those who live in wintery states, plan a weekend ski trip—even if you aren't a skier you can always snow tube, take a frozen waterfall hike, or ice skate. Fall In Love With Sisterhood In the epic words of Toni Morrison, ‘She is a friend of my mind. She gathers me, man. The pieces I am, she gathers them and give them back to me in all the right order.' We often take our sister girlfriends for granted, but they are some of our first teachers of unconditional love. How many people in your life can you say loves you when you are at your ugliest and bitchiest and when you are at your best? Go to dinner with your best friend today—order a bottle of wine and have the best date of your life with someone who truly knows and loves you no matter what life throws your way. Fall In Love With Brotherhood God bless our guy friends (the real ones, not the ones you hook up with periodically when you're lonely or bored.) I'm talking about the men who have been rocking with you since high school/college. The guys who will remind you what a catch you are when the new guy in your life makes his exit. Having your best guys around offer you perspective, not only into the inner workings of man thinking, but also, it reminds you of how you deserve to be treated. Fall In Love With Yourself Of everyone who comes in and out of your life there is one consistent—you. This one may be the most cliche but it's also the most crucial. Go ahead and put post-it notes all around your mirror with love letters to yourself. Make your own damn romantic bath with roses and candles and relax in the tub. Sleep naked. Make love to yourself (we have some tips for you here.) Somewhere in our development, we were told sensuality lies within the realm of relationship and partnership, but the ability to really comfort yourself and feel intimacy with your own naked body is priceless. Fall In Love With Learning Elizabeth Gilbert (Author of Eat, Pray, Love) said in an interview with Oprah, “If I had spent less time worrying about my love life, I could've been fluent in mandarin Chinese by now.” We can't stop expanding and opening our minds to new knowledge. This is the time to pick up a new hobby–whether it's soap making, learning a new language, learning the origins of various wines, or learning to play a new instrument, enhancing your life with knew knowledge makes you love your life even more.
MORE SEX & LOVE
Turn Your Sex Life All The Way Up With Our 28 Days Of Sex Challenge
What My Best Friends Taught Me About Unconditional Love
Can You Love More Than One Person At Once?
Also On The Chicago Defender:
COUNCILLORS in Bradford have been urged to end grouse shooting on one of Yorkshire's most iconic beauty spots following the end of a controversial license agreement last weekend.
Campaign group Ban Bloodsports on Ilkley Moor (BBIM) is lobbying for an end to the practice, which has been permitted on the moor under a ten-year lease between owners Bradford Council and the Bingley Moor Partnership (BMP). The Partnership, which owns 4,500 sq ft of moorland adjacent to Ilkley Moor, has paid the Council £10,000 a year since 2008 to shoot on the moor for up to eight days each season.
BBIM said its research showed that damage to habitat through grouse shooting is the main driver behind over half of protected breeding bird species having declined on Ilkley Moor. The group claims the “wildlife crash”, which has negatively impacted on the moor's population of merlin, dunlin and short eared owl, could result in the loss of the site's conservation designations if declines continue.
Spokesperson Luke Steele said: “The past decade of grouse shooting on Ilkley Moor has proven a conservation calamity, with over half of specialist breeding bird species declining or becoming extinct and damage inflicted on rare peatland habitat. Bradford Council has the opportunity to finally put this scandal to bed by not renewing its grouse shooting licence now the final season has come to an end.
“Sheffield, Renfrewshire, Inverclyde, North Ayrshire Councils and Peak District National Park Authority have each ceased grouse shooting on their upland estates and set successful precedents for Bradford - the last local authority in the UK to allow the practice - to follow. There is strong local public and political support for this endeavour, which will mark a fresh start for Ilkley Moor.”
A spokesman for Bradford Council said: “A decision on whether or not to renew the licence to allow grouse shooting on Ilkley Moor will be made before April, 2018.”
EAST LONGMEADOW -- Lucky kids get a Play-Doh Fun Factory to make the classic modeling compound into tubes and twists, strips and shapes.
And Belgium-based Cartamundi's East Longmeadow plant is getting a real-life Play-Doh factory.
Rhode Island-based toy giant Hasbro is shifting Play-Doh production back to East Longmeadow after having moved it to Turkey and China in 2004. The company first announced the plan last year.
The overseas factories had been unable to keep up with strong demand for Play-Doh, according to copmany officials.
Cartamundi now expects to begin Play-Doh production in East Longmeadow Sept. 4, Jeff Lombard, CEO of Cartamundi East Longmeadow, said in a series of emails Tuesday.
On Monday, Hasbro told investors its revenue was falling because of the demise of the Toys 'R' Us chain.
The company's revenue dropped to $716.3 million in the first quarter, from $849.7 million, according to the Associated Press. Revenues were well below the $824.7 million forecast by analysts surveyed by Zacks Investment Research.
But Lombard said that the disruption has not filtered down to the plant.
"We have not been made aware of any production plan adjustments by Hasbro," Lombard wrote in an email.
For Play-Doh, equipment is arriving now at the sprawling plant where Cartamundi also makes board games like Life, Risk and Sorry! for Hasbro. Flour silos are on site as well as a dough mixer. The majority of the equipment should be in place by the end of June, Lombard said.
The old Play-Doh manufacturing equipment Hasbro used to use was removed.
Play-Doh production means about 20 new jobs for Cartamundi in East Longmeqdow. The plant has a staff of about 480.
It's a union workplace, so workers will have a chance to bid on the Play-Doh jobs.
In an earlier news release, Cartamundi said its grown the staff by 13.5 percent growth since Cartamundi acquired the factory in 2015.
Cartamundi -- the name is Latin for "cards for the world" -- bought the factory from Hasbro in 2015 for $19.4 million. Cartamundi also bought a sister facility in Ireland.
Hasbro no longer has any of its own manufacturing facilities.
Instead, Cartamundi makes products for Hasbro at the 1.2 million square-foot facility under contract.
Cartamundi makes 30 million Hasbro games a year.
The East Longmeadow plant was built between 1963 and 1965 by the former Milton Bradley Co. and sold to Hasbro in 1984.
BERLIN — Police say a burning bird falling from an overhead electric line set fire to a field in northern Germany that was parched by dry weather, torching some 7 hectares (17 acres) of land.
Police in the Baltic Sea port city of Rostock said witnesses reported that the bird caused a short-circuit in a railway power line and fell to the ground in flames. The neighbouring field then caught fire, and more than 50 firefighters were deployed to tackle the blaze on Tuesday evening.
Farmers in northeastern Germany have been complaining of the effects of a persistent lack of rain over the past two months.
By The Associated Press
Before Voting Begins, A Look At Alabama's Special Senate Election One of the most contested and high-profile special Senate elections of recent times is drawing to a close in Alabama. A day before voting begins, a look at where Republican Roy Moore stands against Democrat Doug Jones.
Men have more or less cornered the market on interrupting women, whether it be in a professional setting ("Let me cut in here, Mary, and point out that the TP reports suggest X instead of Y,"), on a date, ("Fascinating story, but cut I in here to tell you about the time my fraternity brothers and I...") on the dance floor ("Mind if I cut in?") or online. And never has this interrupting epidemic been more evident than when, after one woman writer tweeted about men interrupting, a man cut in to prove he totally missed her point. Naturally, her response was on point.
According to Someecards, the writer in question was one Hannah Jane Parkinson, a United Kingdom-based journalist who writes about politics, health, tech, and media for the Guardian. Parkinson made a tweet properly outlining an age-old irritant: men trying to hit on women hanging out at bars or clubs. "One of the stupidest / most disingenuous / obnoxious things men do (soz) is interrupt groups of women or women chilling solo and then say, "I'm not interrupting am I?" when they are doing the definition of interrupting," Parkinson tweeted. It's an apt observation, and an annoying trend, but one man did. Not. Get. It. "Do you want men to stop attempting to chat you up, full stop? Just wondering," he tweeted. Parkinson had her response at the ready:
Other folks engaged with Parkinson on this tweet, which understandably went viral. One man pointed out that women sometimes interrupt groups of men to chat them up, too, but Parkinson rightfully noted that phenomenon's not nearly as omnipresent. "No. I have genuinely never witnessed a woman slipping into the seat next to a random man on a bus clearly reading / listening to music & start chatting them up because women do not feel entitled to men's space & time," she tweeted.
And when one woman on Twitter noted she often enjoyed having lunch alone and found men who approached her bothersome, Parkinson agreed. "That's it. It's fine to have the odd small talk. Totally down for a little chat but then it's clear if you wanna just be alone or chat to your m8s. It's the entitlement of it. You would not really get a random woman going up to a couple of guy friends & just inserting themselves," Parkinson tweeted.
She also addressed the woman's observation that men often seemed offended when she tried to brush them off. "The offence thing is bang on. Even when raising it. We're not dragons who can't have a nice chat it's just the vibe that we're supposed to have no choice in the matter," Parkinson tweeted.
Parkinson's point is a good one, and it's likely why her tweet had such an impact. I would rather men ask me out in a public setting than be relegated to left and right swipes on the apps. It's weird that we've entered a world in which men would rather text anonymously than make the effort to enact a meet cute IRL, and I'm always annoyed when I find someone on Tinder who's Super Liked me that I know in real life (it's happened more than once!). Like, just say something to me in person, jeez!
But it's also annoying when you want to be alone, and men won't let you do that. I'm not reading a book at a coffee shop because I am hoping to bait you into asking me about Simone de Beauvoir. I'm reading a book at a coffee shop because I want to be alone. I'm not out with my friends just to meet dudes, I'm out to be with my friends. It's fine to be brave and try to connect, but don't be offended when you're resoundingly turned away —women have just as much a right to refuse men as men do to talk to them.
DCC
RUSSELL–The monthly jam session, Pickin' at the Deines, is set to resume at the Deines Cultural Center this coming Sunday on August 20.
The event begins with a jam session at 3:30 p.m. and continues into the evening with a potluck dinner at about 5:30 p.m.
Any and all musicians or fans of music are welcome and encouraged to attend, despite skill level.
The event is free to the public with no membership required.
We all hope to see you at the Deines Cultural Center, located at 820 North Main Street in Russell, KS, for food and good tunes very soon! Please call 785.483.3742 for any inquiries.
State schools could benefit from the same freedom to run their affairs as independent schools enjoy, says Loretto School Headmaster, Dr Graham Hawley.
The Headmaster of one of Scotland's leading independent schools has claimed years of government interference in the state education system has left teachers feeling they “can't be trusted.”
Dr Graham Hawley says the aim of his school is to "put the child right at the heart of education".
Dr Graham Hawley, Headmaster of Loretto School in Musselburgh, a coeducational boarding and day school, said no other profession comes under similar state interference and scrutiny, leaving highly skilled professionals with the impression that the state doesn't trust them to do their jobs.
He argued that the government should shift focus from becoming involved in day to day education affairs, and instead set its sights on the robustness of the national exam system.
He said: “It's rare to go more than two or three years without some sort of changes imposed by the state, whether it's to the exam system or the curriculum.
“I think education is arguably more impacted from politicians than other areas of life.
Loretto School is the country's oldest boarding school
“The outcome is a sense that teachers or the teaching profession is perhaps not trusted to the same extent by state and government as other professions.”
Dr Hawley, who runs the 600 pupil independent school, said controversial new proposals to hand state school head teachers more power to run their own affairs echoed the highly successful independent school model, and could give new freedom to focus on the needs of pupils.
Last month Scottish Education Secretary John Swinney unveiled his plans to give head teachers control of their schools' management and staffing structure, budgets and curriculum.
The proposed changes echo the tried and tested independent school system, where head teachers work with boards of governance to run their school in a way that responds directly to their pupils' needs.
However while greater autonomy for state schools has been broadly welcomed, there have been concerns among some that the new system would propel senior school staff into the firing line, making them personally responsible for turning the tide of Scotland's ailing education system and deflecting criticism for poor exam results from the Scottish government.
Dr Hawley's comments came as the International Council of Education Advisers (ICEA) warned the Scottish Government against “becoming too focussed on changing the structure of the education system when, arguably, the more important aspects are the culture and capacity within the system.”
Dr Hawley added: “Our aim at Loretto School is to put the child right at the heart of education. For that to work well there has to be a good relationship between the school and parents, with the child in the middle.
“It seems to me that if you add an additional body to that – politicians, the state, government - you lose touch with the child. The school and parents see the child day to day and understand what their needs are.”
Last year Loretto School ranked in the top five schools in Scotland for A Level results, and is in the top seven per cent of schools nationally for its value-added scores.
While his school operates under the English exam system of A Levels and GCSEs, Dr Hawley said colleagues working in the Scottish system feel the government's efforts should focus on the SQA and ensuring examination marking is more robust.
“That's something the state should play a role in,” he added, “but day to day curriculum and the hiring of staff should be within control of head teachers.
“As a profession there's a feeling that there's greater input, interference and constant change that other professionals don't experience.
“A natural consequence is a sense that government doesn't feel that teachers and head teachers can just get on with the job of teaching, and they are restricted to a large extent by frequent government initiatives, red tape and bureaucracy that draws resources away from business.”
Loretto School in Musselburgh, East Lothian is one of Scotland's oldest independent schools. School open mornings will be held on Saturday, September 16 for the Junior School, and Saturday, September 30 for the Senior School. Visit www.loretto.com for details.
× Passion Lounge Gutted by Fire in Wilkes-Barre
WILKES-BARRE — A fire gutted a nightclub in Wilkes-Barre Thursday morning.
No one was inside when the fire got started at the Passion Lounge just before 5 a.m. Thursday.
That club on Scott Street was open Wednesday night.
Passion Lounge was in the news last week after someone was shot in the parking lot.
A state police fire marshal is on his way to look into what sparked Thursday morning's fire at Passion Lounge in Wilkes-Barre.
A female cyclist has died after an incident in a residential Peterborough street.
Police were called at about 4.10am on Monday morning (April 17) by the ambulance service reporting a female cyclist collapsed on the pavement in Atherstone Avenue, Peterborough, with severe head injuries.
She was declared dead at the scene.
The death is being treated as unexplained and has been passed to the coroner at this time.
More to follow...
Did Trump Finally Go Too Far?
This piece is only available to Political Wire members.
Join today for exclusive analysis, new features and no advertising.
It's pretty much a given that if you spend a ton of time with someone, you'll end up bickering at some point. So, bickering with your partner from time to time is not unusual. "It's healthy for partners to disagree and to be disagreeable to a degree," Dr. Jess Carbino, Sociologist for Bumble, tells Bustle. But how do you know if your bickering is normal or a sign of a much bigger relationship problem?
Well, how you bicker matters. "If the bickering occurs more often than agreement, there are more fundamental issues at play," she says. "Bickering is then most likely being used as a tool of dissent or protest representing a larger issue."
Besides how you bicker, how you resolve your small, day-to-day disagreements matter as well. "If the disagreements interfere with functioning to the extent that decision-making is paralyzed or basic relationship functioning stops, there are larger issues at hand," Dr. Carbino says. Healthy relationships are ones where individuals are able to discuss disagreements amicably and where both sides can compromise and recognize the merit of the other's argument.
If you and your partner bicker a lot, there's no need to worry just yet. According to experts, here are ways to tell if your bickering is normal or a sign of a bigger problem in your relationship:
1 Bickering Is A Problem If It Includes Accusations And Character Assault Andrew Zaeh for Bustle If your bickering leads to you calling your partner names or them accusing you of things like cheating, then that's a problem. As couple and family therapist, Tracy K. Ross, LCSW, tells Bustle, "Bickering constantly can become and cycle and you need to interrupt the cycle. Don't just let it happen." If you can, Ross suggests stopping using "You" statements (i.e. You are the one at fault), as well as "never" or "always" when arguing.
2 Bickering Is Not a Problem If You Can Laugh About The Bickering Later Andrew Zaeh for Bustle Bickering is not OK when it leads to period of distance or no contact. If you do talk afterwards, Ross says, it's a problem when someone's either defensive or critical of the other. "If you're saying thing you wish you could take back, it's not normal," she says. But if you can laugh about it later on, you're OK.
3 Bickering Is A Problem If You Don't Have A Good Way To Repair It Andrew Zaeh for Bustle "If you just wait until it blows over or you worry that an apology will be rejected, that may be a sign of bigger relationship issues," Ross says. If you're in a healthy relationship, you shouldn't have to feel like you're constantly walking on eggshells. As Ross says, if you can genuinely feel heard and understood in your relationship, then your bickering is not a problem.
4 Bickering Is Not A Problem If You Can Move On And Not Let It Ruin Your Day Andrew Zaeh for Bustle Ross says bickering is not a problem if you can honestly say you have five genuinely positive interactions, for every one that results in an argument. But if you feel like your mini-arguments never actually get resolved, those disagreements may fester or build to something that needs to be openly discussed.
5 Bickering Is A Problem If You Wouldn't Want Your Friends Or Family To Hear It Andrew Zaeh for Bustle If you feel a sense of shame over your family or friends hearing the two of you bicker, Ross says that's a big problem. Although it's not healthy to openly fight in front of other people either, your need to keep small disagreements a secret from everyone could be very telling. Maybe you know deep down that your partner results to name-calling during disagreements. If you don't want your friends or your mom to hear you and your partner bicker, that may be a sign of a much bigger problem.
6 Bickering Is Not A Problem If You And Your Partner Can Have A Productive Conversation About It At A Later Time Andrew Zaeh for Bustle Disagreements won't ever be resolved unless it's openly discussed. Ross says it's a good sign when you can have a productive conversation about it at a later time and not feel stuck by it. That means you're open to working through relationship problems with each other. After all, that's the best way to get stronger as a couple.
We currently have vacancies for the following positions.
ST. BARTHOLOMEW'S SCHOOL
Newbury RG14 6JP
• Teacher of Physical Education
(permanent, full-time, to start 1 September 2018)
Closing date: Sunday 29 April 2018
• Business Manager
(permanent, full or part-time considered, to start as soon
as possible)
Closing date: Monday 7 May 2018
For full details and to apply please visit: www.stbarts.co.uk
Successful candidates will be subject to a DBS enhanced check along
with other relevant employment checks.
Tel: 01635 521255 E-mail: recruitment@stbarts.co.uk
Saudi Crown Prince Has Made Aggressive Foreign Policy Moves Prince Mohammed Bin Salman meets with President Trump. Steve Inskeep talks to Prince Turki al-Faisal, former head of Saudi Intelligence, about the war in Yemen and other issues involving Saudi Arabia.
Saudi Crown Prince Has Made Aggressive Foreign Policy Moves Saudi Crown Prince Has Made Aggressive Foreign Policy Moves Saudi Crown Prince Has Made Aggressive Foreign Policy Moves Audio will be available later today. Prince Mohammed Bin Salman meets with President Trump. Steve Inskeep talks to Prince Turki al-Faisal, former head of Saudi Intelligence, about the war in Yemen and other issues involving Saudi Arabia. NPR thanks our sponsors Become an NPR sponsor
If you can believe it, this week marks the official start of spring. And though the weather may need a few weeks to catch up to the promise of the spring solstice, your reading list does not. On March 20, plenty of new books are being released to keep you company as you read by the fire or (hopefully) in the park.
It's an especially exciting month for fiction, and this week's new book releases are no exception, especially if you're looking for fresh new voices. In fact, five of the books on this list were written by debut authors. The stories from these new voices are as varied and diverse as their lived experiences. In The Astonishing Color of After, author Emily X.R. Pan transports readers between America and Taiwan for a wrenching story about grief, depression, and finding your identity across two continents and between two very different families; in Tyler Johnson Was Here, author Jay Coles takes readers to a world where police brutality is a very real, very present threat that can destroy lives in an instant; in Stray City, author Chelsey Johnson takes readers on a journey to an insular lesbian community in Portland; in Tangerine, author Christine Mangan whisks readers away to Morocco for a searing, propulsive story about female friendship gone awry; and in Curse of the Boyfriend Sweater, an essay collection, Racked editor Alanna Okun takes your hand and guides you through her own personal journey with love, heartbreak, friendships, and knitting.
And, if you're looking for something by an author you already know and love, The Broken Girls by Simone St. James has everything you could want: mysterious murders, haunted boarding schools, and a mystery that spans 60+ years.
Here are six new books to add to your reading pile this week:
'The Astonishing Color of After' by Emily X.R. Pan An innovative story about grief, ghosts, and the abiding love of family, The Astonishing Color of After is a YA novel that's sure to become a classic of the genre. The book follows Leigh Chan Sanders, who believes, wholeheartedly, that when her mother died by suicide, she turned into a bird. In order to figure out the mystery of the bird that keeps appearing at her home — and meet the grandparents she's never known — Leigh travels to Taiwan for the first time. There, she chases down the ghost of her mother, and learns that even those we love the best have secrets they keep hidden. Click here to buy.
'Tangerine' by Christine Mangan Already optioned for film by George Cooney's production picture (with Scarlet Johansson set to star), Tangerine is the scorching thriller everyone will talk about this spring and summer. The book circles Alice Shipley, who has just arrived in Tangier with her new husband when she runs straight into Lucy Mason. The two women used to be inseparable roommates, but they haven't spoken since a mysterious accident. Reunited in Morocco, the two women rekindle their friendship and set out on adventures throughout the gorgeous country. But soon, Alice remembers why she tried so hard to get away from Lucy in the first place — and when her husband goes missing, she begins to question everything she knows about the woman, the country, and even her own mind. Click here to buy.
'Stray City' by Chelsey Johnson Stray City is a love letter to the city in which it takes place — Portland — and to families of all shapes and sizes. The book centers on Andrea, who escaped to Portland in search of a place where she could live out her truth as a lesbian. But after a breakup, she gets too drunk and does something that changes the course of her life: she has sex with a man, and she gets pregnant. Despite the concerns of her community and friends, she decides to keep the baby. A decade later, her daughter, Lucia, starts to wonder about the dad she never knew — and Andrea starts to question her own ideas about what "belonging" and "family" really mean. Click here to buy.
'The Broken Girls' by Simone St. James Even in 1950, Idlewild Hall is notorious. The boarding school for girls is haunted, or so locals say, and the rumors reach fever pitch when a student mysteriously goes missing. In 2014, Idlewild Hall, now in ruins, is still a mystery. When it's announced that a mysterious benefactor will be renovating the school, journalist Fiona Sheridan decides to make a trip in pursuit of a personal obsession: 20 years earlier, her sister was found dead in the field near the ruins of Idlewild Hall. Though her boyfriend was tried and convicted of the murder, Fiona has never been satisfied with that answer. Can she discover the truth about her own sister's murder — and the truth about the 44-year-old disappearance of another girl in the process? Click here to buy.
'Tyler Johnson Was Here' by Jay Coles A chilling tale of police brutality and the effects of violence on an entire community, Tyler Johnson Was Here is a necessary YA novel for readers of all ages. Despite the title, the book doesn't follow Tyler, but Marvin, his twin brother. See, Tyler is dead. He was shot and killed by a police officer after a house party. Now, in the wake of his twin brother's brutal death, Marvin must find a way to reckon with his grief, with a justice system that doesn't seem to care about him or anyone who looks like him, and with a new reality that doesn't include the person he loves the most. Click here to buy.
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
Jewish Northeast Pennsylvania residents will light the first candles in their menorahs today as they begin the eight-day celebration that is the most iconic holiday to people outside the faith — and a relatively minor one to the devout.
“Hanukkah is a little different because it's not the same type of major religious holiday like the High Holy Days or Passover,” explained Rabbi Moshe Saks of Temple Israel of Scranton. “There is a lot of ritual involved with (the major holidays). ... Holidays from Scripture have a lot of restrictions.”
The Jewish Festival of Lights celebrates the rebellion against the Syrian Greeks who wanted to impose their culture and religion on the Jews, and the rededication of the temple in Jerusalem after the Maccabees were victorious.
The menorah — one of the faith's most iconic symbols to non-Jews — is a nine-branched candelabrum. Eight candles are lit over Hanukkah to symbolize the oil the Jews found when they entered the defiled temple. The sealed holy oil they discovered was enough to burn for only one day, but as the story goes, it miraculously lasted eight days.
Because there are fewer prescribed rituals surrounding the holiday, Saks described it as a light, social and fun holiday during which children make crafts, parents give gifts and people share traditional foods that are deep-fried in oil.
The holiday is tied to the lunar calendar so the date is not consistent, although it always comes at the beginning of winter. It is often linked with Christmas, which Rabbi Larry Kaplan of Temple Israel of Wilkes-Barre said has led to it becoming somewhat commercialized.
“It's probably the most well-known Jewish holiday only because of its proximity to Christmas,” Kaplan said. “Not to be a Scrooge about it, but giving Hanukkah presents is basically giving Christmas presents wrapped in Hanukkah paper.”
Rabbi Daniel Swartz said Temple Hesed in Scranton agreed gift giving is not part of the religious observance surrounding the holiday and believes the addition was a way Jewish people assimilated to American culture.
“People said, ‘We're Jewish, but we want to be American too,' ” Swartz said. “We do this because this is what our neighbors do. We also make it about religious freedom because that's a big theme in America.”
Despite Hanukkah's relative standing compared to some of the faith's major holidays, Kaplan still finds it meaningful to celebrate the tradition with the community and thinks having holidays to celebrate is good for the Jewish spirit.
Saks recalled his most memorable Hanukkah came when he spent a year in Israel when he was a student in 1974 and 1975. He said being in a place where his religion is the majority was quite different from being in the minority.
Although Christmas is still a big deal in Bethlehem and draws many Christian pilgrims, in Jerusalem he was surrounded by Hanukkah festivities — parties, lights and special foods.
“It can feel sort of lonely walking around and everything is Christmas,” Saks said. “Going to Israel is kind of the antidote to that.”
Contact the writer:
kwind@timesshamrock.com;
570-348-9100, x5181;
@kwindTT on Twitter
At the center of Charlottesville's violent white nationalist rally was a long-simmering controversy over the removal of a statue of Confederate General Robert E. Lee.
Controversies over Confederate symbols have been brewing around the country — most notably in South Carolina, where the Confederate flag was lowered from the state house grounds two years ago, and New Orleans, where statues came down earlier this year.
But in Charlottesville, the movement to remove a Lee statue and the backlash that followed have become particularly intense thanks to an ongoing court battle and questions over whether the city council has the authority to remove it.
Now, the planned removal of the statue became a rallying cause for the alt-right — and symbol of growing discontent.
One hundred years ago, in 1917, the 26-foot-high statue was commissioned by a philanthropist and given to the city along with the surrounding land in honor of his parents. The statue took seven years and three sculptors (the first one died) to complete. According to the city of Charlottesville's website, the statue was unveiled in 1924 by 100 cadets from the Virginia Military Institute who "paraded through the center of Charlottesville decorated with Confederate colors." The new statue was also reportedly greeted with loud cheers and a speech by then-president of "the University of Virginia Edwin Alderman and followed by parties and balls.
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1997. The registration form from the Department of the Interior states that the sculpture "remains undisturbed in its original location. Charlottesville will undoubtedly keep it there, for the monument is a unique to the most eminent Confederate hero of all and an outstanding example of the outdoor sculpture of the late City Beautiful movement."
It is now doubtful — though still possible — that Charlottesville will "keep it there." In February, the city council voted 3-2 to sell the statue, ignoring the recommendation of a commission that suggested moving it.
A group called Virginia's Sons of Confederate Veterans sued the city, alleging it did not have the right to remove the statute since it was a war memorial. A related group, and others, filed a lawsuit in New Orleans to block the removal of a Gen. Lee statue as well as one of Jefferson Davis. A federal appeals court said that city could remove its Confederate monuments.
City Councilor Bob Fenwick, who cast a tie-breaking vote in Charlottesville in April (that vote allowed the city to sell the statue), hoped the city council's action would put to bed more than a year of heated debate in his city. "For now, it is now time for our city to rest," he said, according to the Richmond Times-Dispatch.
But that didn't happen. The movement against removal of the statue grew — there is a Facebook group to Save the Robert E. Lee Statue and call for donations to "fund litigation to preserve our monuments." The backlash to the planned removal culminated in a white nationalist rally last weekend, which used the planned removal as a rallying cause. It is important to note, however, that the group behind hte lawsuit, SVC, condemned the Charlottesville rallies. Chaplain-in-chief Ray Parker wrote on Facebook over the weekend: "I condemn in the strongest possible way the actions, words, and beliefs of the KKK and other white supremacist groups."
The statue has also been tagged with graffiti several times in the past few years, including with "black lives matter" and "native land."
In May, a judge granted a temporary injunction, which meant the statue could not be removed for next six months. So, for now, the statue is still standing in what used to be Lee Park. Only the city council also voted earlier this year to rename the park, an action that was upheld by a judge. Gen. Lee now, rather ironically, sits in Emancipation Park.
MOSCOW — After a decade of duopoly, the FIFA-run vote to crown soccer's best player finally seems open to third parties after Lionel Messi and Cristiano Ronaldo left the World Cup early.
Neymar must help Brazil lift the trophy next week if he wants to join the greats, according to the World Cup winner who first took home FIFA's top individual award.
Cutting out the play-acting would also help Neymar win votes, 1990 World Cup winner Lothar Matthaeus said Wednesday.
"We need players like Neymar," said the former West Germany captain, who won the inaugural FIFA world player award in 1991. "But not with this acting what he was doing now in each game."
Equipment: Rory McIlroy switches to Callaway woods and irons, Titleist ball and wedges, Odyssey putter
Rory McIlroy has stepped up his pursuit of finding new equipment in an overhaul of his bag which will see the removal of all his Nike clubs
by Sameer Bahl News 02 Jan 2017, 12:22 IST
Nike contracted player, Rory McIlroy will sport new equipment right through the bag in his first start of 2017
Nike's exit from the Golf industry back in August prompted all of its star players to start looking out for new equipment. Rory McIlroy has taken to this freedom and has tried a variety of different equipment. He tried the TaylorMade M2 woods in China at the WGC-HSBC Champions and carried on using them throughout the playoffs of the 2016 FedEx Cup.
He went on a 10 day equipment testing camp in Dubai after the Ryder Cup late last year and although, he made it clear that his intentions were not to sign a new equipment deal anytime soon, it looks like he may have zeroed in on the equipment that he finds comfortable. He will show up with new weapons in his bag when he makes is first start of 2017 at the BMW South African Open on Jan 12th .
According to a NoLayingUp.com report, McIlroy will use Callaway woods (the new GBB Epic Sub Zero) and irons (Apex MB), an Odyssey putter and Titleist ball (Pro V1x) and wedges (Titleist Vokey).
"I want to play the new ProV1x ball, and I know the Callaway driver works the best with it," McIlroy told No Laying Up. "I also know my Nike irons don't work as well with the Titleist ball because of the groove format. Too spinny, and a loss of distance."
Also Read: Watch: Golf trick - shot compilation from Tania Tare to ease you into the new year
The equipment change does not come has a huge surprise as McIlroy is testing “what's out there” and could be yet another temporary switch. While the move to Callaway was long speculated, his switch to the Titleist ProV1x ball is the biggest talking point as Rory was extremey comfortable with the Nike RZN Tour Platinum ball.
"No reason to start changing just because I can. I'm comfortable with everything," McIlroy said at Bethpage Black during the first leg of the 2016 FedEx Cup playoffs. "I've got them to save me three years' worth of golf balls, so at least I've got a golf ball that I like and that I know that I can play well with."
He had long talked about the golf ball playing an instrumental role in a player's comfort levels on the golf course while also saying that it didn't take long to recalibrate after changing to a new ball.
Rory had been heavily involved in the R&D process with Nike during the product design phase of the RZN ball and his emphasis on suggesting that his Nike irons were removed from the bag because they did not show very good results with the ProV1x ball is a clear indication that a change of golf ball was high on his priorities.
Nike also centred its efforts on incorporating Rory's requirements in the ball which is why this transition to the ProV1x so soon is all the more intriguing.
Two weeks ago, Tiger Woods became the fist Nike staffer to part ways with the company after he signed a multi-year ball deal with Bridgestone Golf.
Also Read: Most contentious moments of 2016
Stormzy seems unfazed after Police incident as he sings loves songs on snapchat
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Police have yet to issue Stormzy a public apology for kicking down his door.
Speaking to Mirror Online, a Metropolitan Police spokesperson said the force could neither confirm nor deny it would be apologising to the musician and would not go into detail about the incident because of "liability".
It comes after Stormzy admitted he wouldn't be holding out for compensation for his damaged door, branding the police "proper d**kheads" after they responded to a report about a suspected burglary by entering his flat by force.
(Photo: Stormzy1/Twitter)
"Doubt either of us will be getting a damn thing my guy lol," he tweeted one follower who had shared his own experience of the police.
"Bro trust me I ain't holding my breath lol proper d**kheads," he said to another.
Yesterday, a Met representative told Mirror Online that officers had been sent to a property in south-west London in the early hours of Valentine's Day.
"Police were called to an address in West Brompton at 00:55hrs on Tuesday, 14 February to a report of a conspiracy to burgle a ground floor flat, believed to have been vacant," said a statement.
(Photo: WireImage)
(Photo: WireImage)
(Photo: Rex Features)
"Officers attended and forced entry to the property, and found there to be two lawful occupants inside.
Officers remained at the property until it was made secure. Officers have since been in further communication with the complainant."
Stormzy had been out the evening before with his girlfriend Maya Jama to the Elle Style Awards.
It's thought he'd returned home but was later woken up by the sound of police breaking down his door.
(Photo: Stormzy/snapchat)
(Photo: Stormzy/snapchat)
(Photo: Stormzy/snapchat)
Despite the drama, Stormzy appeared to be getting back to normal last night, as he revealed on his Snapchat story.
He mouthed along to songs by Adele, Kehlani, Jessie Ware and Clean Bandit while looking down into the camera.
Stormzy also thanked Burberry for his navy suit for the Elle Style Awards, telling them he "felt very grown and happy".
Here's the one thing you need to do in 2017: You need to write everything down. Write down the great ideas you have in the middle of the night, the plots to novels, the blueprints for inventions, the obvious next steps for launching ourselves into fabulous careers and simultaneously solving the problems of the universe.
While most of these will not make sense in the morning, to have a record of them is both fascinating and hilarious.
And you never know: The 519th item might just contain precisely the dazzling insight, original concept or outrageous perspective that will change the future. Take a moment, find a bit of scrap and write down those thoughts. The alchemy occurs when the pen or pencil hits the paper.
My house and my handbags, as well as my notebooks, are filled with pieces of conversation I've recorded. It's one of the reasons I still take receipts: Half of my work begins on the backs of cashier printouts from Stop & Stop, the fish market and Sephora.
Just this last week, I scribbled down a conversation that illustrated perfectly why I love my husband. Here's the exact transcript:
Young friend explaining how she and her spouse were spending part of their visit home: “We're going to do an escape room adventure.”
Michael: “What's that?”
Young Friend: “It's where a group of people who don't really know each other are locked in a room and need to figure out how to escape within a set time limit.”
Michael: “So it's a regular family holiday.”
I've been writing it all down for a long time.
That's why I know that in 1976 I noticed that flavored mustards were all the rage — a college restaurant had lines outside the door because they had an exotic substance called “honey mustard” — but I wondered why ketchup came in only one flavor. Couldn't my friends and I devise delicious alternatives?
Now the aisles have rows of wildly flavored ketchup. I have no regrets about not being their queen, but it was fun to stumble over the section of my college diary that reads like Chef of the Future.
You must write it down exactly as you think it — before you shine it up or make it fancy. Your idea should arrive as it came to you. It should cross the threshold from your mind to the page without a long introduction or any apology. Do not make your thought wipe its feet; do not try to gussy it up.
Most crucially, don't make it stand around and wait until later. You'll tell yourself you'll remember exactly what you were thinking, but you won't. You tell yourself you'll remember the great line, the great joke, the great irony, the great revelation, reassuring yourself that it's locked and sealed inside your mind, perfectly preserved.
But it'll change almost instantly. The original conversation morphs into something a little more polished and then loses its heart along with its originality. The initial insight is frayed with having been folded and unfolded in your head and, even before it reaches paper, is slightly grubby and a little crumpled, diminished and without luster.
I'm not suggesting that by writing things down you'll have an accurate accounting of your life. For years what I wrote as the truth was sort of reconstituted ideas and emotions, material I thought should be mine but which wasn't. It was like creating a fake set of books for the emotional IRS.
I could say the same about my notebooks. The early ones are filled with fussily self-important misery over some boy who didn't call or didn't say what I wanted him to say.
Interspersed with these laments, however, are stories about what was actually happening. When I was at Cambridge University, for example, Ronald Reagan was elected president. As the BBC reported the results, I was surrounded by my colleagues and friends who were other graduate students from around the globe. They understood the intricacies and implications of American foreign policy better than I did.
Through that notebook page I have an E-Z Pass to the girl who woke up to politics — late, perhaps, but fully.
In 2017, for those you love, for yourself and for the future: Write it down. Such days will not come again.
By Gina Barreca
Gina Barreca is an English professor at the University of Connecticut and the author of “If You Lean In, Will Men Just Look Down Your Blouse?” and eight other books. She can be reached at www.ginabarreca.com. –Ed.
(Tribune Content Agency)
Rumours of the big forward's death have been greatly exaggerated.
Following Richmond's premiership breakthrough last season, the football industry has done what it always does – predicted a rise in teams playing copy-the-leader, this time by clearing out the forward line of talls and relying on a fleet of ground-level players to apply pressure and create forward-half turnovers.
It's led, in a few cases, to some outlandish expectations that the league will eventually have to introduce something like a zone to stem the death of the traditional full forward, the dinosaurs of the modern AFL.
The scuttlebutt isn't completely unfounded - Tigers coach Damian Hardwick admitted during an appearance on Fox Footy's On the Couch on Monday that he would pick a natural tackler ahead of a natural goal-kicker in the forward line – but will it change the face of the game? Hardly.
Break down the teams which finished in the top eight last season and all but one have something in common – a big forward who finished in the top 10 of the Coleman Medal tally.
Who was the only finalist without a top-10 representative? It was GWS, and Jeremy Cameron finished 11th.
Do the Tigers win the flag without Jack? Unlikely. Picture: Getty Images
So what does that tell us? It tells us that without a big, bustling goal-kicker, your side's chances of playing finals, let alone pushing for a premiership, are slim to none.
Which brings me to the focus of the column: the player who is poised to become the AFL's next great forward.
Ever since the supplement sage took hold of the club, I've struggled to watch the Bombers.
Big clubs with big egos really aren't what excite me in football, and with so many of their players underperforming, or banned from the game completely, there just weren't enough reasons to tempt me to flick over to an Essendon game.
That was until Anzac Day last year. That day I found plenty to get excited about wearing a red and black jumper.
In Joe Daniher, the Bombers have a player with generational talent. He can kick long goals, he's good below his knees, he knows how to jump on heads – he's one of those players with the talent and x-factor to bring a packed MCG to its feet.
There's probably three players in the AFL with this same skill set.
The oldest, Buddy Franklin, is a superstar who helped redefine what's expected of a centre half forward. At 31, with a fourth Coleman Medal in his pocket, he's still a player who puts bums on seats but he has a limited time left in the game, despite how long still remains on his contract.
The youngest is playing well off-Broadway in Brisbane. And as much as I like pumping up Eric Hipwood's tyres while perched over the bar, he's probably still a couple of years away from really coming into his own.
Daniher is the one in his prime.
It's a fact which hasn't gone unnoticed, with David King already getting on the front foot about the young Bomber's prospects this season.
“I think Joe Daniher could be the best player in the comp at the end of the season and that's as a unique forward,” King told SEN on Monday.
He's not shy of an outlandish take, King, but in this case I think he just may be right.
And if a big key forward leads the Bombers to an unlikely premiership? Expect the chasing pack to make a sharp pivot once again.
No Garry, no
Garry Lyon made a solid On The Couch debut on Monday night, offering a measured voice in a program which lost its way a bit after Mike Sheahan stepped aside. But I'm tippin he will be having a couple of words with the wardrobe department.
Take three?
Shout-out to the new phrase working it's way into football - ‘I don't want to make a headline, but...'.
Here's a hot tip for Nat Fyfe and Shannon Hurn, who have both been guilty of it in recent weeks: whatever comes out of your mouth next is 100 per cent going to be the headline.
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Declan Donnelly is said to be 'devastated' as best friend and presenting co-star Ant McPartlin returns to rehab.
Following news of Ant's drink-drive arrest on Sunday, a statement was released confirming this week's Saturday Night Takeaway would not be going ahead, and that Dec may front the popular series alone for the remaining two weeks.
While Dec has not publicly addressed the news, a friend told The Sun: “He's just really upset about it all just on so many levels - gutted and worried about Ant obviously and devastated he's going back to rehab.
“But he's also worried about the future of Ant and Dec.”
(Image: Daily Mirror)
The friend added that the star needs some time to make decisions about the remaining shows after ITV was forced to make changes to this Saturday's schedule.
Ant returning to rehab also casts doubt over the future of Britain's Got Talent and I'm a Celebrity, which the pair front together.
A source added to the publication: “He's very upset and needs time to make any decisions, which is why this weekend's episode of Saturday Night Takeaway was cancelled."
(Image: REX/Shutterstock)
After news of Ant's arrest broke - and subsequent news that SNT would be cancelled this weeked - many fans took to Twitter to sympathise with the star.
"If I was Dec I'd be sympathetic and supportive of course, but, honestly, I'd also be a bit annoyed, as it's his career too and he's done nowt wrong," wrote one.
(Image: ITV)
"Feel a bit sorry for DeclanDonnelly in all this.. His own career hanging in the balance. Surly one is nothing without the other," added another, while a third said, "Poor Declan Donnelly dec, he's going to need really big special hug."
However, a statement from Ant's rep revealed he asked Dec if he could take time off to return to rehab.
“Ant has decided to go back into treatment and step down from his current TV commitments," the statement read.
"He has spoken with Dec and ITV today and asked for time off for the foreseeable future. As such ‘Saturday Night Takeaway' will not be going ahead this Saturday.”
VALENCIA, Spain — The Egyptian Football Federation says Mohamed Salah's shoulder injury will not keep him out for longer than three weeks, meaning he should be fit to play at least some part in the country's World Cup campaign.
The Liverpool forward was injured in the first half of Saturday's Champions League final against Real Madrid and left the field in tears. Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp said after the game that Salah's World Cup campaign was in jeopardy but the EFA gave an optimistic update on Wednesday after its president Hani Abu Reda, national team coach Hector Cuper and doctor Mohamed Abou El-Ela met with the forward in Valencia, where the 25-year-old is undergoing treatment and rehabilitation.
A post on the federation's Facebook page said that "the period of absence of Salah due to injury will not exceed three weeks."
That could still rule him out of Egypt's opening World Cup match on June 15 against Uruguay, with their second against hosts Russia coming four days later.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A suspected victim of the Grenfell Tower inferno spoke to a friend in a last phone call, saying: "Tell my sons that I love them."
Great grandfather Tony Disson, 65, was trapped in the bathroom of his 22nd floor flat as flames engulfed the homes beneath him.
His four sons and other family members spent yesterday searching hospitals and rescue centres, but found no sign of him.
The father-of-four had earlier had desperate phone conversations with friends and relatives, saying he was trapped in his bathroom.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
(Photo: PA)
(Photo: PA)
Tony's oldest son Lee, 47, said he believed that one of his half-brothers had spoken to his father on the phone at around 3am.
Lee said: "People called my Dad and said, 'Put a blanket over your head and get out.' He said he couldn't as he was in the bathroom and the floor was too hot.
"A friend then called him at 4am and one of the last things he said was, 'Tell my sons that I love them'. Nobody was able to contact him after that."
Lee who is disabled heard of the tragedy at 6am when a cousin from Blackburn, Lancashire, called and told him to turn on the TV as his father's tower block was on fire.
After looking at the horrific images, he drove down to London with daughter Sky, 26, from his home in Peterborough, Cambridgeshire.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
(Photo: PA)
(Photo: AFP)
Father-of-three Lee, who had not seen his father for several years, said: "I have found out that he did not make it, but I have not completely given up hope.
"I have left my details at the rugby club which is being used as an emergency centre and I have been asking around for him.
"My dad was well known down here and I have had loads of calls.
"He had been in the flat for about nine years. He lived alone and was quite happy there."
(Photo: SWNS.com)
(Photo: SWNS.com)
Lee posted a Facebook message saying: "If anyone has seen my Dad, Tony Disson could they let us know. My heart goes out to all the people at grenfell tower."
In another message, he added: "Still praying for him."
Tony who was retired had worked at a variety of jobs including being a scrap metal dealer. He had son Lee from his first marriage and three sons Harry, 23, Alfie, 21, and Charlie, 19, with second wife Cordelia.
He also had five grandchildren and four great grandchildren with another due to be born soon.
Tony's first wife Anita Rawlinson who lives in Peterborough, said: "I think his flat was on the side of the block where the fire was."
Lee's wife Sandra, 47, said: "Tony had been moaning about the damp in his flat. The block was old and did not have balconies.
"I think they should have knocked it down as it was in such a state and re-housed everyone elsewhere.
"But it looks like they did a cosmetic job on it by tarting it up with cladding to make it look nicer."
Seoul station (Yonhap)
According to Namdaemun Police Station, the black backpack was stolen while its owner was ordering food at the restaurant.Investigators say that the suspects may have planned the theft and followed the bag owner into the restaurant.CCTV footage shows the suspected thieves playing different roles to commit the crime, with some diverting the public's attention and others preparing getaway cars.Police said the suspects escaped from the scene on two separate taxis.They believe the suspects may have already left Korea.According to police, the number of theft cases committed by foreigners in Korea is on the rise, from 1,735 cases in 2012 to 2,306 cases in 2015.By Kim Da-sol ( ddd@heraldcorp.com
Democratic Response To The Nunes Memo NPR's Michel Martin speaks with Congressman Jerrold Nadler (D-N.Y.) about the Democratic response to the release of the Nunes memo.
Behind That Bonkers Golden Knights Pregame Show: 'We Threw Everything On The Wall'
Enlarge this image toggle caption Bruce Bennett/Getty Images Bruce Bennett/Getty Images
Let's dispense with the obvious first: This is not your typical ice hockey pregame show.
Watch virtually any team but the Vegas Golden Knights, and you'll find the performance before the game pretty straightforward. There's the highlight reel on the Jumbotron above center ice, the overloud pump-up song, the dimmed lights — yada yada yada — then bam, the home team takes the ice as the fans above the rink erupt in ear-splitting cheers. Simple, right?
What happens in Vegas is not simple.
YouTube
Take a gander at the video above, if you happened to miss Game 1 of the team's Stanley Cup Final against the Washington Capitals. There was a live-action medieval sword fight, there was a drum corps sporting neon visors straight out of Star Trek, and of course — for reasons somehow both baffling and perfectly apt — there was a giant, firework-spitting helmet.
There was even an introduction from "Let's get rrrrready to rumble!" himself, legendary boxing emcee Michael Buffer.
Enlarge this image toggle caption Ethan Miller/Getty Images Ethan Miller/Getty Images
"The No. 1 thing that we're doing is creating home ice advantage," Jonny Greco, Vegas' vice president of entertainment production, tells NPR's Mary Louise Kelly.
He and his colleagues are the ones tasked with finding the right way to represent the Vegas Golden Knights, a brand-new team that, as an expansion franchise, had never even played an NHL game before this season. They've been designing pregame shows all season.
Now the team has managed the miraculous and made it to the Stanley Cup Final against the Washington Capitals — and Greco says the tall task remains the same.
"We want to create an atmosphere that give our boys on the ice a little extra oomph, a little extra volume, a little extra cheering from the fans."
And because they're in Vegas, naturally they decided to do it with, well, a little extra.
"We threw everything on the wall," says Greco, who previously had some experience with just that as a live events director for professional wrestling. "Do we want to go traditional — which is great and is no-frills — or do we want to go Vegas? Because we also talked about going uber-Vegas."
What exactly is "uber-Vegas?" Perhaps it's just best to list the few things that didn't make it into the show — but, frankly, were still under discussion:
An Elvis impersonator as PA announcer
Showgirls on ice skates
A live tiger
Enlarge this image toggle caption Ethan Miller/Getty Images Ethan Miller/Getty Images
Even with the slightly understated version they settled on — and admittedly we're kind of stretching the definition of "understated" here — ice hockey fans elsewhere have reacted with their fair share of ambivalence. As it turns out, fans of a sport famed for its stoic players have occasionally had unkind things to say about the blowout display.
"Cheesy and dumb," declared one critic. "Tacky," cried another. A third had this biting verdict: "Thanks for ruining hockey further." And there are plenty more critics out there. Those notes are all comments on a single tweet from the NHL on Monday
But Greco says he is satisfied his intended audience gets it.
"That's the beauty of art, right? If everyone did the same show, it would just get kind of numb. It's important to change. And it's good to not like things — that's OK," he says. "But we had to honor the city."
Not long ago, nearly everyone dismissed the Golden Knights as little more than a bunch of supporting cast members, little-known extras deemed expendable by their previous teams. Now, they're introduced with rousing statements over the loudspeakers about how nobody believed in them.
It seems suitable that when they take the ice for Game 2 on Wednesday, the Golden Knights will be the main event of a spectacle fit for Vegas.
"You don't see that anywhere else, right? It's unique and special. I think it works. I think it's good entertainment," the team's starting goalie, Marc-Andre Fleury, said Monday. "Once we step on the ice and people in the crowd are excited and into it already — I think it's awesome."
WEST PALM BEACH, Fla. — Jose Altuve sat behind a table set up on the field at the Houston Astros' spring training complex, and his teammates looked on as the World Series champions announced his $163.5 million, seven-year contract, the longest in team history.
"You made me more nervous, because I don't like talking in front of a lot of people. You know that," he said
Houston finalized a deal Monday that guaranteed the AL MVP an additional $151 million over five seasons.
"Certainly a fan favourite. Our fans love Jose," owner Jim Crane said. "Winner, MVP — what else can you say? He always leads by example. When I talk to the guys in the locker room, everybody is better because of Jose, and he's a great leader. So, Jose, you're the heart of the team. We're happy to have you for the long-term."
The 27-year-old second baseman had been among baseball's best bargains. He agreed in 2013 to a deal that originally guaranteed $12.5 million from 2014-17 and included club options for 2018 at $6 million and 2019 at $6.5 million.
His new deal keeps those salaries and adds a $21 million signing bonus, of which $1 million is payable upon the deal's approval by the commissioner's office and $10 million each on July 1 in 2018 and 2019. He gets annual salaries of $26 million from 2020-24.
Altuve all gets a no-trade provision, a hotel suite on road trips and premium stadium seats. From 2021-24, his salaries in the remainder of the contract would increase by $3 million if he is voted MVP, $2 million if he finishes second and $1 million if he finishes third.
"This a very important day for me," he said. "It was a priority, because that way it doesn't take attention from the season."
Altuve would have been eligible for free agency after the 2019 season. The 5-foot-6 Altuve hit .346 last season to win his second straight AL batting title and third in four seasons. He had 24 homers, 82 RBIs and 32 stolen bases.
"There's some stability that comes with writing Jose's name in the lineup every single day," manager A.J. Hinch said, "and to think that he's going to be the franchise player for years to come is good for him, it's good for the organization, it's obviously good for me as a manager and most importantly is good for his teammates because he's the most reliable player I've ever been around."
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
SCRANTON — Throughout the season, Abington Heights coach John Kelly knew he could count on two things — solid defense and clutch hitting.
But in Wednesday's District 2-11 Class 5A softball subregional final at the University of Scranton's Magis Field, the Lady Comets got neither.
Instead, Pittston Area came through with key hits and made all the plays in the field as the Lady Patriots avenged losses to Abington Heights in the last two district finals with an emphatic 13-2 win.
“We were saying the whole year, gold not silver, and we actually did it,” said Pittston Area's Shayla Williams, who doubled twice, drove in two and scored a run.
Pittston Area put the pressure on in the top of the first, scoring twice when leadoff hitter Gabby Para walked and Lexi Felinski was hit by a pitch while trying to bunt.
After a fielder's choice, a throwing error on Nina Cencetti's ground ball plated Felinski, and Madisyn Antal's groundout made it 2-0.
Abington Heights loaded the bases in the first but came up empty, and the wheels quickly fell off in the top of the second as Pittston Area plated six, capped by the first of Williams' booming double to left-center.
“I think after the first inning we had bases loaded and didn't get any runs there, and then we carried it onto the field the next inning,” Kelly said. “We have a strikeout on a great pitch and the girl gets on first. Then a bunt right back to the pitcher and we throw it into right field and now it's second and third instead of two outs, nobody on. It's a different game at 2-0. When we gave up those six runs, I think the kids got down a little bit.
“We had a lot of opportunities. We just didn't get that one big hit.”
Through four innings, the Lady Comets were just 2 for 11 with runners in scoring position and stranded nine.
Conversely, Pittston Area's top four hitters racked up 10 hits and scored 10 runs. Gabby Para and Felinski each had three hits, and Alexa McHugh and Nina Cencetti each added two,with Cencetti driving in three.
“Alexa McHugh has been hitting .500 all year, Felinski has been hitting around .500, Gabby Para has been a sparkplug at the top of the lineup, and Nina has always done a great job in the four hole,” Pittston Area coach Vito Quaglia said. “The middle of that lineup is as good as anybody.”
But it wasn't just the timely hitting. Cencetti got easy outs when she needed them and McHugh struck out four to seal it with two innings of relief.
“I can't say enough about the pitching performance from Nina and Alexa,” Quaglia said. “They kept that ridiculously good hitting team off balance all game.”
Bailey White, Caroline Kelly, who doubled, and Maria Tully each had two hits for Abington Heights, but Cencetti and McHugh limited the damage.
“We had four innings in a row where we had the bases loaded and only scored two runs,” Kelly said. “Gotta give them all the credit. They made the plays when they had to. We didn't get that big hit like we've done all year.
“It's tough to repeat, never mind three-peat, especially when you play the same team three times. They wanted it really bad and came out and jumped on us and we didn't recover.”
Contact the writer: mmyers@timesshamrock.com; 570-348-9100, ext. 5437; @mmyersTT on Twitter
Pittston Area Abington Heights
ab r h bi ab r h bi
Para cf 5 2 3 1 Hamm 3b 3 0 0 0
Felinski 2b 4 4 3 0 Solan 2b/p 4 0 1 0
McHugh 1b/p 5 3 2 2 Kupinski 1b 1 1 0 0
Cencetti p/1b 5 1 2 3 Kozar c 3 0 0 0
Antal 3b 4 0 0 2 White cf 3 1 2 0
Williams lf 4 1 2 2 McGinley p 2 0 0 1
Mesaris dp 2 0 0 0 Kobrynich lf 0 0 0 0
Gable dp 2 0 0 0 Bartkowski dp 4 0 0 0
Kivler rf 2 1 0 0 Kelly rf 3 0 2 1
Loyack c 4 0 1 1 Mecca rf 1 0 0 0
George ss 0 0 0 0 Tully 2b 3 0 2 0
Fiorillo lf 0 0 0 0
Totals 37 12 13 11 Totals 27 2 7 2
Pittston Area 260 011 3 — 13
Abington Heights 000 110 0 — 2
2B: Alexa McHugh (PA), Lexi Felinski (PA), Gabby Para (PA), Caroline Kelly (AH), Shayla Williams (PA) 2.
Pittston Area IP H R ER BB SO
Cencetti, WP 5 7 2 2 4 2
McHugh 2 0 0 0 2 4
Abington Heights IP H R ER BB SO
McGinley, LP 6 9 10 2 2 5
Solan 1 4 3 3 0 0
Records: PA 10-5, AH 13-2.
Wimbledon 2018 - prediction for biggest surprise of Day 3
Ilian Antonov FOLLOW CONTRIBUTOR Preview 50 // 04 Jul 2018, 20:48 IST SHARE Share Options × Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Reddit Google+ Email
Gilles Muller
One match catches my eye once I see today's schedule on Wimbledon 2018. Two players, that can be said to be from the same class - Philipp Kohlschreiber and Gilles Muller - will meet on the court. And it promises to be a cracker.
We have already seen two matches between these two players, with the German having won both without dropping a set.
However, now we are in a different position. Muller has been weak in the last few months, but once it comes to the grass courts, he becomes a different player. He likes the surface and he has achieved considerable success in London during his career.
The Luxembourgian is one of the few active players in the world who has won two titles on grass so far. Not many have managed to do that.
This match can be hard for Kohlschreiber to win. He is the favorite, but he is not so accomplished when it comes to the best of five sets format; he might not be fit enough to handle the pressure. Only once in the last 5 seasons has he made it to the second round at Wimbledon.
This season even in his home grass tournaments - in Halle and Stuttgart - he only won one match. He lost against Denis Istomin and Matthew Ebden - not so famous names.
Wimbledon is magic and it loves its heroes. I can say that Muller is one of them, because he gets his concentration right on point here. One of the greatest wins in his career was against Rafael Nadal on grass in 2017, when he went through to the quarter-final. He also won against the strong Denis Shapovalov a few days ago, again in a tournament in London.
So the odds are really good, and there are many plusses for Muller to win this match. I think that this time the German won't be quite as successful against the man from Luxembourg.
Under New Leader, Gambia Cancels Withdrawal From International Criminal Court
Enlarge this image toggle caption Jerome Delay/AP Jerome Delay/AP
As Gambia's new president Adama Barrow settles into his new role, he is also taking steps to resuscitate international ties cut off by his predecessor Yahya Jammeh, including membership to the International Criminal Court and the Commonwealth of Nations.
The tiny West African nation has now formally informed the United Nations that it is reversing its request to withdraw from the International Criminal Court, made by Jammeh last October.
The new government issued a statement announcing its reversal on state television, Reuters reported. "As a new government that has committed itself to the promotion of human rights ... we reaffirm The Gambia's commitment to the principles enshrined in the Rome Statue of the International Criminal Court," the government said.
Jammeh's withdrawal from the ICC had not yet taken hold — according to the terms of the Rome Statute, a state's withdrawal goes into effect a year after initial notification.
At the time, Gambia had accused the court of being biased against Africans, with one government minister going so far as to describe it as the "International Caucasian Court," as The Two-Way reported. Gambia, like South Africa and Burundi, accused the court of ignoring crimes of non-African nations and took steps to withdraw late last year. Here's more from our previous reporting:
"Every person tried by the ICC since the treaty creating it was adopted in 1998 has been African. "Other war crimes trials have been carried out by ad hoc tribunals created after a specific conflict, such as those created for Yugoslavia and Cambodia, or for the Nuremberg trials conducted after World War II."
Clément Capo-Chichi, Africa regional coordinator with the Coalition for the International Criminal Court, told The Associated Press that the move is a "crucial victory for victims of grave crimes and the rule of law."
Welcomed warmly in The #Gambia. President Barrow & I held talks on helping his country inc rejoining the #Commonwealth after recent election pic.twitter.com/FqtC4xXt0P — Boris Johnson (@BorisJohnson) February 14, 2017
Barrow's road to the presidency was extremely tumultuous. In December's presidential election he defeated Jammeh, the leader of the Gambia for 22 years. But then Jammeh refused to step down, eventually resulting in West African military troops crossing Gambia's borders. After Barrow was sworn into office in neighboring Senegal, Jammeh eventually succumbed to massive international pressure and left the country.
He fled to Equatorial Guinea – incidentally, a country that is not a member state of the ICC.
Now, the new Gambian government is also receiving high-profile diplomatic visits and pledges of international support.
U.K. Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson paid Barrow a visit Tuesday, which the BBC describes as "the first to the Gambia by a British foreign secretary." On the agenda: Gambia's request to rejoin the Commonwealth of Nations, an international organization comprised of 52 nations that were once British colonies.
The former leader pulled Gambia out of the Commonwealth in 2013, according to a statement from the organization. Now, a Commonwealth spokesperson said it welcomed the move: "We looked forward to the country's eventual return because it was part of our very close knit family and our doors have always remained open."
The European Union has also declared a "new chapter of relations with The Gambia." It froze assistance nearly three years ago, according to the BBC. But last week, EU Commissioner for International Cooperation and Development Neven Mimica traveled to the Gambia and announced a $79 million package of immediate support.
Jammeh had a dismal human rights record. Barrow appears to be taking steps to change that pattern. As Reuters reported, "police opened their first investigation on Monday into unresolved deaths and disappearances under Jammeh."
In a recent press conference, Barrow also stated that he intends to convene a Truth and Reconciliation Commission to address human rights violations of his predecessor.
He was also candid about the scope of obstacles he faces: "There was a government here for 22 years. 22 years is a long time. And we are able to change the government after 22 years, so obviously there will be a lot of challenges. To look at all the system, and make a complete overhaul. I think that is a big challenge to my new government."
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
BRECKENRIDGE HILLS, MO (KPLR) – Missouri American Water is sending out an alert regarding a stolen vehicle. One of the company's 2008 Dodge Dakota work trucks was stolen Monday. A worker parked the vehicle along Woodson Road in Breckenridge Hills. The vehicle was taken while the worker was checking meters.
“There have been instances across the country where unscrupulous people use utility companies as an excuse to enter somebody's house and commit a crime,” said Missouri American Water Spokesman Brian Russell. “And so, that's really why we want to get the word out on this.”
Russell said the water company filed a police report. He said the thief's motives are not known but the company wanted to alert customers just in case the thief had ulterior motives.
“We want to put the word out just so people are aware,” said Russell.
He encourages customers to use caution and reminds them workers have ID badges and uniforms. He encouraged anyone wanting to make sure the person they are dealing with is a water company employee to call Missouri American Water's call center at 866-430-0820.
For more information about the alert the company posted information through its Facebook page. https://www.facebook.com/missouriaw/.
If you're unsure the worker may not be an employee, you can call Missouri American Waters call center (866-430-0820) confirm that person's credentials.
BIG PICTURE
Clemson: The Tigers did enough to sidestep a letdown that could have come following their victory over No. 19 North Carolina five nights earlier. The result was a leg up on the rest of the conference in the race for second in the ACC behind No. 2 Virginia, which has at least a three-game lead on everyone else.
Wake Forest: This one will go on the lengthy list of ones that got away for the Demon Deacons — who also struggled down the stretch in losses to Tennessee, North Carolina and N.C. State. They missed nine of their final 10 shots in this one — including all five 3s they took in that stretch — after making 11 of their first 24 attempts of the second half.
STAR WATCH
DeVoe, a North Carolina native, was 8 of 11 from the field and made five 3-pointers for the third consecutive game. He finished one point shy of the career high he set a week earlier against Georgia Tech. "I feel like every shot I take is going in, and fortunately, they've been going down lately," he said.
FOUL TROUBLE
Reed picked up his fourth foul with 7:08 to play, necessitating Brownell's switch to the zone, and forward Elijah Thomas also finished with four fouls for the Tigers. Reed and Thomas shared the team lead with six defensive rebounds apiece. "Obviously, some of that (zone defence) was to protect our players," Brownell said.
TRENDING
The Demon Deacons fell to 0-6 this season against Top 25 opponents. This was just the second time they've finished within single digits of a ranked team. North Carolina beat them 73-69 in January.
UP NEXT
Clemson: Plays host to Pittsburgh on Thursday night.
Wake Forest: Visits Miami on Wednesday night.
___
More AP college basketball: http://collegebasketball.ap.org and http://www.twitter.com/AP_Top25
By Joedy McCreary, The Associated Press
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
SCRANTON — A Ransom Twp. man robbed his mother Sunday evening, police said.
City police responded to a home on the 1000 block of Jackson Street on Sunday night shortly after 7 p.m., after Dorothy Macciocco reported her son, Guy Macciocco, 32, 2485 Ransom Road, had robbed her. She told police he arrived at her home, asked for money and pushed her against the front door and took $35 from her purse, according to court documents. He then fled on foot. Officers arrested Macciocco on the 1000 block of Washburn Street, police said.
Macciocco is charged with robbery and held in Lackawanna County Prison in lieu of $10,000 bail. A preliminary hearing is scheduled for April 25.
— CLAYTON OVER
Art Berman: Crude Oil Special Double Header Podcast – MarcoVoices – Erik Townsend
Erik Townsend welcomes Art Berman to MacroVoices. Erik and Art discuss:
Reflecting on the current oil market
Where are the comparative inventories
OPEC decisions and actions dominating price
Context on OPEC production cuts
How much new oil is coming from higher prices
Economics on the shale oil fields
Perspective on US oil exports
Exports primary reason behind U.S. inventory reductions
Underinvestment in exploration and development
SPECIAL POSTGAME GUEST: Energy Markets Commercial Broker Patricia Hemsworth to discuss producer hedging, WTI/Brent spreads and the forward curve price dynamics.
We strongly recommend that you download the chart book that accompanies this interview, and Erik and Art will refer to it throughout the interview. Registered users here at MacroVoices.com already received the download link in your research roundup e-mail. If you haven't already registered, click the red “Subscribe for FREE” button on the top right side of the home page, and register. Once logged in, you will see the download link(s) and will be able to download the PDF document(s).
﻿
Sharing is caring!
A 73-Year-Old Is The Latest Victim Of Deadly Attacks On Mexican Journalists
Enlarge this image toggle caption AFP/Getty Images AFP/Getty Images
You wouldn't expect a 73-year-old to be on the crime beat, but Maximino Rodriguez Palacios couldn't help himself, says Cuauhtemoc Morgan, editor of the Baja California news blog Colectivo Pericu.
"It was totally by chance," he tells NPR. "In November 2014, Max called me about a shooting near his home in La Paz. And then he sent me a story and photos about what happened. From that moment, he was our crime reporter."
Rodriguez's passion to cover crime led to his death. Gunned down Friday as he pulled up in front of a supermarket, he became the fourth journalist murdered in Mexico in just six weeks. The country continues to be one of the deadliest places in the world to report the news.
For decades, Rodriguez had worked in journalism and in public relations for the state government. He came out of retirement to take up the crime beat for Colectivo Pericu, and in the following years his work became increasingly important. His home state, Baja California Sur, has become one of Mexico's most violent in recent months as drug cartels fought over the territory. In January 2017 the state recorded its most murders ever in a single month.
Through this, Rodriguez built up a following. A Facebook Live video from April 5 got more than 15,000 views. In it, he runs up to the police tape around a crime scene and, winded, tells his audience that the subject is dead. The victim would turn out to be a plainclothes police officer.
toggle caption Courtesy of Cuauhtemoc Morgan
Several police officers had been murdered in recent months, and Rodriguez chased the story. In the last column he wrote for Colectivo Pericu, he cited anonymous sources to identify the leader of a local cartel as the mastermind. But this turned deadly.
"Our comments sections [on the blog] are open, so it has become routine for us to receive threats there," says Morgan.
Rodriguez's final column had five comments on it. Four were threats. Among expletives, one comment ominously reads, "You're lighting the candles for your own funeral, Max."
Three days later, Rodriguez was dead. His bullet-riddled car was the exact kind of crime scene he would have run to cover, camera phone in hand.
On Sunday night, the state attorney general's office said that ballistics tests showed that the firearm used against Rodriguez was the same one used in the killing of the police officer that Rodriguez had covered a week earlier. The investigation points toward Rodriguez being targeted for his work.
Since President Enrique Peña Nieto was elected in 2012, 31 journalists have been murdered in Mexico. Dozens more have been threatened or attacked. Reporters under threat have become hardened to this reality.
"When I hear of another murder, I just think 'who's next?' " says Noe Zavaleta, a reporter in Veracruz state. "It sounds crude to say, but it's the way I have to think about it now."
Zavaleta knows the danger of reporting well, as 20 journalists have been murdered in his home state since 2010. He began writing for the investigative magazine Proceso after his predecessor, Regina Martinez, was strangled to death in her home. One of his best friends and colleagues, photojournalist Ruben Espinoza, was murdered in Mexico City after seeking refuge there. But Zavaleta is back in Veracruz after briefly fleeing to Mexico City for his safety.
"Things haven't changed — if anything, it's gotten worse," he says. "But this is what I know how to do, and I refuse to leave because of intimidation. Maybe it's pride or my ego, but I won't leave."
The Mexican government recently has beefed up protection measures for journalists, as well as a specialized unit that investigates these types of crimes. But journalists don't just need protection from organized crime.
"[These protections] feel imaginary, because I have filed complaints about threats I have received from government authorities and their cronies," says Zavaleta. "I don't expect them to go anywhere, but I file them anyway so that other journalists can document what has happened to me."
The systems to protect reporters aren't working in practice, says Carlos Lauria, the Americas director for the Committee to Protect Journalists.
"Unfortunately, these bodies and mechanisms have clearly been insufficient to fight the violence and solve crimes against the press," says Lauria. "Impunity is still pervasive. Even in the cases where progress has been made, masterminds are still free and justice is losing."
By CPJ's estimate, 87 percent of the murders committed against journalists in Mexico since 1990 either have not been investigated or have no arrests.
But the journalists themselves aren't the only victims of press violence, says Lauria: With many reporters too scared to cover news that could anger criminals or corrupt politicians, the public often doesn't get to see the most important stories.
In Baja California Sur, it's unclear if reporters will be silenced by Max's death. Cuauhtemoc Morgan says he's talked to some journalists who want to get off the crime beat after the murder. But not everyone will stay quiet.
"My wife [the co-editor of Colectivo Pericu] and I are reflecting on what to do," he says. "But right now, we don't plan to stop reporting on this type of news."
On Monday, Colectivo Pericu kept publishing, like it was just another day.
UNIVERSITY of Limerick Orchestra presents a Summer Proms Concert at UCH on Saturday May 6, 8pm under the baton of conductor Liam Daly.
The Orchestra celebrates its silver anniversary since beginning with just 23 members, taking from Gustav Holst's ‘Brook Green Suite'- one of the first works performed at their inaugural concert.
Guest soloist will be Limerick's own Maria Ryan, giving us Mozart's ‘Violin Concerto no.5 in A major'. At 23 years of age, Pallasgreen native Maria has numerous awards for violin, including Senior Concerto Competition during her studies at Cork School of Music.
Continue reading below...
UL Orchestra looks forward to performing the premiere of ‘Orchestuary' by Anne-Marie O'Farrell, composer in residence at MIC.
The ‘Academic Festival Overture' by Brahms, and ‘The Moldau' from My Homeland by Smetana are other principal pieces on the programme.
“In the spirit of the Proms we will also perform a selection of popular marches and waltzes, featuring soprano Emma English.”
www.uch.ie for May 6, 8pm.
Share this: Print
Email
Facebook
Twitter
Google
More
StumbleUpon
Tumblr
Digg
Pinterest
Reddit
LinkedIn
Category: Arts, Entertainment, Lifestyle
Chief football writer Mark Duffield gives his best and worst case scenario for every AFL team in season 2018.
Chief football writer Mark Duffield gives his best and worst case scenario for every AFL team in season 2018.
The best and worst case scenario for every AFL team in 2018 The West Australian
Life after Gary Ablett has started at Gold Coast.
Their inaugural captain was granted his wish to return to Geelong at the end of last season, 12 months after he first asked to go home, enabling both parties to move on from a seven-year partnership that delivered Ablett four best and fairests and a second Brownlow Medal.
But there were no finals campaigns — and there is no denying that was one of the key issues for his high-profile departure. Ablett was lured north at the end of 2010 on the premise success wasn't far away for the Suns.
Alarmingly, you could mount an argument that success is further away now than it was when the club entered the AFL.
The Suns have welcomed their third coach in long-time Sydney assistant Stuart Dew and the early signs have been promising after they overcame the Cats and Brisbane in the JLT Community Series.
Dew replaces Rodney Eade, who struggled to unite the club, which was beset by injuries, in-fighting and off-field issues.
There were great expectations for Gold Coast entering 2017, but it was a write-off.
Plain and simple. The Suns tumbled to 17th with only six wins. It was the same ladder position they occupied in Guy McKenna's first two years at the helm.
There is no shortage of talent on the list, but Dew's first task will be ensuring his charges are consistently competitive and eliminate the sort of performances that saw them lose by more than 100 points twice last year.
Skilful WA product Jack Martin has developed into one of Gold Coast's most important players. Picture: Getty Images
Many critics believed the Suns were made to look silly when they gave up pick No.2 in the national draft to secure Lachie Weller from Fremantle.
But Weller's arrival is significant. He is a Gold Coast product with obvious talent who wanted to play for his home-town club. It was an opportunity the Suns just couldn't overlook.
Weller and Port Adelaide recruit Aaron Young's arrival takes on greater importance given Pearce Hanley could be missing until May because of a shoulder injury.
The Suns will be hoping they have the same impact as Jarryd Lyons did last year when he arrived from Adelaide, finishing sixth in the best and fairest.
Importantly, powerful midfielder David Swallow looks to be over the injuries that have plagued him, while fellow West Australian Jack Martin continues to grow in confidence.
Co-captains Tom Lynch and Steven May are highly accomplished players at either end who are coming off below-par seasons by their standards, but enjoyed standout summers ahead of their second years in the role. Lynch's ongoing contract speculation looms as a potential distraction and it will be a huge decision for the club's long-term future.
Of most immediate concern for Dew is the club's brutal draw for the first half of the season.
The Commonwealth Games on the Glitter Strip denies the Suns access to their home ground, Metricon Stadium, until June 2 when they host Geelong.
But Dew has a three-year deal to implement changes and his game plan. That said, the AFL will be keen to see the graph trending north when it comes to a club it has pumped massive amounts of money into without much return on its investment.
On what we saw in the JLT Community Series, the Suns are entitled to approach round one against North Melbourne in Cairns with confidence.
A win could just be the spark that ignites the Suns — albeit years after most had expected it, and the AFL wanted.
By JONATHAN ZWEYGARDT
Hays Post
The Ellis County Commission will consider moving forward with the remodeling of the future home to the county Health Department at Monday's commission meeting.
In June, the county purchased the property at 2507 Canterbury Drive in Hays with the intention of remodeling the space and moving the Health Department to that location.
Last month, the county posted a bid package, and six bids were received Dec. 4. The commission will consider the bids Monday.
The commission will also continue a discussion on broadcasting the meetings and review and authorize 2017 end-of-year budget transfers.
The Public Building Commission will meet at 5 p.m. with the regular county commission meeting to follow at the County Administrative Center.
The big questions about how soon the insolvency and bankruptcy process will resolve the bad loan problem centre on the infrastructure readiness of the National Company Law Tribunal (NCLT). But even in cases where such resolution is already underway, the process is hardly smooth. Rulings of the tribunal and its appellate body, the National Company Law Appellate Tribunal (NCLAT), have left room for clarity on provisions of the Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code (IBC) such as what constitutes a dispute, principles of natural justice, and applicability of timelines.
“NCLT, NCLAT orders have invoked mixed reactions. We are not getting one view from these adjudicating authorities. The stakeholders are wondering on the implementation of this new regime. However, it is still early days. We are expecting clarity will emerge in next few months,” said Ashish Chhawchharia, partner, Grant Thornton Advisory Pvt. Ltd.
Here's a look at four such examples, where more than the cases themselves, the precedent set by the judgments is important:
What's a dispute?
Kirusa Software Pvt. Ltd (the creditor in this case) invoked the IBC against Mobilox Innovations Pvt. Ltd. The IBC provisions say that the creditor needs to send a notice to the debtor seeking dues before it invokes the IBC. The debtor, on its part, needs to respond within 10 days either by providing proof of payment or saying that dues are disputed. In this case, Mobilox filed a dispute claim on the grounds that Kirusa violated a non-disclosure agreement. NCLT upheld this dispute claim and dismissed the bankruptcy proceedings, prompting Kirusa to appeal. The NCLAT upheld Kirusa's appeal. ruling that the debt was not connected to the non-disclosure agreement. Then, it went on to explain the meaning of dispute.
In its order, NCLAT said that a dispute would include any proceedings already initiated or pending or even those which are proposed to be initiated before a consumer court, tribunal, labour court etc. Earlier, disputes that had been considered were limited to arbitration proceedings or suits. This wide definition is a source of concern, say experts.
“A ‘proposed' dispute broadens the scope of dispute and could also lead to frivolous disputes and the creditor would need to prove that it is frivolous. This order which broadens the scope of dispute will lead to the extension of the 14-day timeline (for rejecting or admitting a case) not just in exceptional cases but in many cases,” said Tine Abraham, counsel at Trilegal, a law firm.
Flexible timeline
One of the strongest points of the IBC is the timelines it prescribes: 14 days for rejecting or admitting a case and 270 days for resolution. An NCLAT order in a case involving JK Jute Ltd effectively weakens that. The appellate tribunal said the 14-day timeline for rejecting or admitting a case under the IBC was a directive: that means courts do not have to necessarily adhere to this timeline. It, however, said that once a case is admitted, the 270-day timeline for resolution is mandatory.
To admit or reject a petition “is procedural in nature, a tool of aid in expeditious dispensation of justice and is directory”, said the order passed by justice S.J. Mukhopadhaya. The NCLAT said that while ruling on whether or not an application of insolvency of a company is admissible, the tribunal is performing a judicial role and the sections of the Companies Act 2013 do not prescribe a timeline for the Tribunal to pass orders. The NCLAT ruled on this issue after different benches of the NCLT passed conflicting orders. The Mumbai and Hyderabad benches ruled that even admission or rejection was time-bound and the Allahabad bench ruled that there was flexibility on admission and rejection of a plea.
Principles of natural justice
ICICI Bank Ltd filed the first case under IBC against Innoventive Industries Ltd in January. Innoventive contested the plea of bankruptcy by ICICI, stating that it is not in default because the industries, law and labour departments of the Maharashtra government had notified a suspension of the firm's liabilities from 22 July 2016 to 21 July 2017.
The tribunal stopped all proceedings against the company. Later, the appellate tribunal observed that the company cannot seek protection under the Maharashtra Industrial Development Act as insolvency regulation is a special Act. In response, the Pune-based steel producer challenged the constitutional validity of the bankruptcy law in the Bombay high court and also at NCLAT, stating that the company was not given adequate notice before admission. The appellate tribunal turned down the appeal.
However, in the order NCLAT also directed that the adjudicating authority should “adopt a cautious approach in admitting insolvency application by ensuring adherence to the principles of natural justice”. The NCLAT further observed that “in some cases initiation of Insolvency Resolution Process may have adverse consequences on the welfare of the company. Therefore, it will be imperative for the Adjudicating Authority to adopt a cautious approach in admitting insolvency application by ensuring adherence to the principle of natural justice.” It also stressed that the tribunal must issue a limited notice before admitting a case.
Role reversal
ICICI Bank had taken Starlog Enterprises Ltd to NCLT, which admitted the case on 17 February. The NCLT then appointed an interim insolvency resolution professional (IRP). Starlog appealed this judgment at NCLAT. In its appeal, Starlog said that ICICI Bank on 6 February had asked the company to repay an overdue amount of Rs10.02 crore but before the NCLT the lender inflated this default amount to Rs29.81 crore. Mint is awaiting ICICI Bank's response.
In a 24 May order, the NCLAT imposed a penalty of Rs50, 000 on ICICI Bank for stating an incorrect claim amount. The appellate authority also set aside set the order given by the Mumbai bench of the tribunal, which had admitted the case against Starlog. Subsequently, the appointment of the IRP was declared illegal and the company was allowed to function independently through its board. The company had pointed out events that followed IRP taking control of the management. Star log stated that the IRP violated the code and some its action resulted in loss of business from longstanding clients.
A 32-year-old Lowell man was dressed in a hospital johnny and lying on his bed in Lowell General Hospital Monday afternoon as court officials arraigned him on charges he crashed a jet ski into another watercraft, killing a 16-year-old girl, the Lowell Sun reported.
Authorities claim Douglas Demantos was operating a jet ski while drunk Sunday night on the Merrimack River near the Wotton Street boat ramp in Chelmsford.
Police said Dematos crashed his jet ski into another watercraft sometime after 10 p.m. The crash knocked a 16-year-old girl who was a passenger on the second craft into the river. Her body was found Monday morning after searchers combed the river for hours overnight.
Dematos suffered injuries in the crash and was transported to Lowell General Hospital.
Lowell District Court Judge Stacey Fortes ordered Dematos held in lieu of $7,500 bail after he entered pleas of not guilty to charges of operating a watercraft while under the influence of alcohol, negligent operation of a motorboat, operating a jet ski at night, operating an unregistered motorboat, operating a motorboat at night without navigational lights and operating a jet ski too close to another vessel.
Authorities did not say where the girl's body was found, nor have they identified her.
Trump-Macron Friendship Can't Mask Stark Differences On Iran, Syria And Trade
Enlarge this image toggle caption Ludovic Marin/AFP/Getty Images Ludovic Marin/AFP/Getty Images
Updated at 2:04 p.m. ET
President Trump is celebrating America's oldest alliance with French President Emmanuel Macron. But even as they prepare for a lavish state dinner, the two leaders could not paper over stark differences on issues such as trade and the Iran nuclear deal.
Macron is the first of two European leaders Trump is hosting this week. German Chancellor Angela Merkel will be in Washington, D.C., on Friday. Both France and Germany joined the U.S. in a six-nation pact with Iran to halt its nuclear program in exchange for sanctions relief. Trump has threatened to pull the U.S. out of that deal. Macron and Merkel want him to stay in.
"People know my views on the Iran deal. It was a terrible deal. It should have never, ever been made," Trump said Tuesday during an Oval Office photo opportunity with Macron. "It's insane. It's ridiculous. It should have never been made."
Trump has to decide next month whether to reinstate the economic sanctions that were lifted under the nuclear deal. He didn't explicitly say he would do so, but warned, "If Iran threatens us in any way, they will pay a price like few countries have ever paid."
Macron argues the nuclear agreement is worth preserving, even as he tries to address Trump's concerns over Iran's ballistic missile program and its provocative actions in countries such as Syria and Yemen.
"It's not about tearing apart an agreement and have nothing," Macron said through an interpreter. "It's about building something new that will cover all of our concerns."
Despite their evident personal chemistry, Trump and Macron have significant policy differences. In addition to the Iran nuclear deal, Macron wants a permanent exemption from the president's new steel and aluminum tariffs. And he'd like to see a more lasting commitment from the U.S. to stabilization efforts in Syria.
Macron acknowledged the global trade problems that have been created by an oversupply of steel and aluminum — but most of that glut is a product of China, not France.
Trump promised no immediate relief from the tariffs. He complained that even though two-way trade between the U.S. and France is relatively balanced, the European Union imposes too many barriers to U.S. exports. Last year, the U.S had a $14 billion trade deficit with France and a $102 billion trade deficit with the E.U.
Military forces from France and the U.K. joined the U.S. in launching air strikes on Syria earlier this month in retaliation for a suspected chemical weapons attack. But Trump is impatient to withdraw U.S. troops from that country as quickly as possible.
"I would love to get out. I would love to bring our incredible warriors back home," Trump said. "But I want to come home also with having accomplished what we have to accomplish."
Trump also hinted during the White House news conference with Macron that his embattled nominee to head the Department of Veterans Affairs, Ronny Jackson, may soon withdraw.
"I told Admiral Jackson just a little while ago, I said, 'What do you need this for?'" Trump said.
Some have questioned whether Jackson, a Navy admiral who serves as Trump's personal doctor in the White House, has the managerial skills needed to head such a large department. He's also been accused of inappropriate behavior.
Macron has skillfully courted Trump, inviting the U.S. president to be his guest last year at an elaborate military parade marking Bastille Day in Paris. Trump was so impressed that he ordered his own military parade this November, marking the 100th anniversary of the end of World War I.
The two presidents and their wives celebrated the wartime alliance between the U.S. and France on Monday by planting an oak tree on the South Lawn of the White House. The sapling comes from Belleau Wood, where more than 9,000 Marines died in the final months of WWI, according to a White House statement.
Later, the two couples took a sightseeing helicopter tour of Washington, then held a private dinner at George Washington's historic Mt. Vernon estate.
The visit will be marked by the first state dinner of the Trump administration. The White House has been decorated for the event with cherry blossoms, sweet peas and white lilacs. The menu is American with French influences: spring lamb and jambalaya.
On Wednesday, Macron is set to address a joint session of Congress.
National Hockey League
Preview
Chicago at St. Louis
When: 1:00 PM ET, Monday, January 2, 2017
Where: Busch Stadium, St. Louis, Missouri
Stats and Records
Team Comparison W/L Strk Home Away Day Night Div Chicago 23-11-4-1 L1 13-4-3-1 10-7-1-0 1-1-0-0 22-10-4-1 8-5-1-0 St. Louis 19-13-4-1 L1 14-3-3-1 5-10-1-0 1-1-0-0 18-12-4-1 7-6-2-0
Last Meeting Chicago St. Louis Date Away Home Shots Saves PP Shots Saves PP 12/17/16 CHI 6 STL 4 36 23 0-3 27 30 0-0
Quickchart Matchup Chicago Off vs St. Louis Def 2.72 GF
2.95 GA
28.9 Shots
27.7 Shots
23 PP
18 PK St. Louis Off vs Chicago Def 2.78 GF
2.38 GA
28.3 Shots
31.2 Shots
25 PP
26 PK
The St. Louis Blues finally get an opportunity to host their first outdoor game when the arch-rival Chicago Blackhawks pay a visit Monday afternoon for the Winter Classic at Busch Stadium. The forecast calls for warmer temperatures and a chance of rain as the Blues become the 11th team to play in the annual contest while the Blackhawks are 0-2-0 in their Winter Classic appearances in 2009 and 2015.Injured defenseman Robert Bortuzzo is the only St. Louis player to participate in an outdoor game before, so the Blues will be ready to enjoy their first spectacle as they go after an important two points. “You put it on your bucket list once they start doing those outdoor games,” St. Louis center Paul Stastny told reporters. “But to be able to host a Winter Classic, it's not even a dream, you don't even think about stuff like that.” The Blues come in after a 6-6-2 month of December while the Blackhawks, who have won two of the previous three meetings this season, struggled of late with four losses in their last five games (1-3-1). “We (need to get) on the winning trend again,” said Chicago captain Jonathan Toews, who has two goals and four assists in four NHL outdoor games (two Winter Classics, two Stadium series).1 p.m. ET, NBC, Sportsnet, TVASChicago, which lost at Minnesota 6-1 in a Stadium Series game last March, has a one-point lead atop the Central Division despite its recent struggles that included a 3-2 loss at Carolina on Friday. Artemi Panarin leads the team with 38 points after recording 15 in the last 10 contests and Patrick Kane boasts nine in an eight-game stretch to stand at 37 overall - giving the Blackhawks one of the best one-two punches in the league. Veteran Marian Hossa (upper-body), who shares the team lead with fellow forward Artem Anisimov at 16 goals, is not expected to play.St. Louis finished an up-and-down month with a 4-0 loss to Nashville at home. “If we expect to win on a regular basis, we're going to have to be way better five-on-five than the way we're playing right now,” Blues coach Ken Hitchcock told reporters. “We're sitting there relying on our power play, relying on our penalty kill to win hockey games. We just have to create more. … give up less.” Vladimir Tarasenko, who joins Panarin and Kane among the league scoring leaders with 39 points, scored 10 goals in 18 career regular-season games versus Chicago.1. Blues Fs Jaden Schwartz and Nail Yakupov missed practice Sunday because of illness, but Hitchcock told reporters he is hopeful both will play Monday.2. Chicago D Duncan Keith came into Sunday third in the NHL among blue liners with 24 assists and is two shy of 400 for his career.3. St. Louis G Jake Allen suffered through a difficult December, going 5-6-0 with a .892 save percentage.Blackhawks 4, Blues 2
The stirring speech by His Highness Shaikh Mohammad Bin Rashid Al Maktoum, Vice-President and Prime Minister of the UAE and Ruler of Dubai, on the opening day of the World Government Summit on Sunday brought to the distinguished audience of world leaders and thinkers a deep understanding of the values and vision that has made the UAE a force to reckon with on the global arena. Combining breadth of vision, strength of conviction and eminence of thought, Shaikh Mohammad's multi-contextual address on ‘How to Reignite the Region's Development' referenced many of the pressing contemporary challenges facing the region and the world — the true import of Islam, the impact of the United States' Middle East policies, the need for Arab governments to align with probity, and the UAE's national vision, to name some.
Get Liverpool FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Liverpool have suffered a blow in their bid to lure Napoli midfielder Jorginho to Anfield.
That is according to Goal, who say the Reds are set to miss out to Manchester City who are closing in on a deal for the £50m-rated anchorman.
Pep Guardiola is keen to add to his midfield in the summer with David Silva and Fernandinho both getting older.
The Italian international is understood to be keen to work with former Barcelona boss Guardiola and an agreement is reportedly close to being strick.
Jorginho has helped Napoli challenge for the Serie A title this term as they go head-to-head with Juventus.
(Image: AFP)
Henderson confident Salah will stay put
Captain Jordan Henderson believes Liverpool can keep Mohamed Salah out of the clutches of European rivals by creating their own history with him.
The Reds head into their first Champions League semi-final for a decade on the back of the 41-goal Egypt international being crowned PFA Player of the Year.
(Image: PA)
Salah's success has contributed in a large part to the January departure of Philippe Coutinho to Barcelona for £142million barely being mentioned let alone felt by the team.
However, manager Jurgen Klopp did admit the Brazil international's exit was painful, saying: "We lost Phil Coutinho - that is not a hobby, it doesn't even feel like fun."
Read more here.
Kolarov reveals Salah plans
Roma are ready to give their old pal Mo Salah the 'Messi treatment', by smothering the 'most dangerous' player in Europe out of the Champions' League semi final.
Inevitably, as the Italians arrived at Anfield for their training session ahead of the intriguing first leg, all eyes were on the little Egyptian, who became a big hero with the Giallorossi, and how his former club will stop him.
(Image: Getty Images)
Despite suggestions from his old pal Kevin Strootman that Roma had “special plans...for Italian defence” against the free-scoring forward, their veteran defender Aleksander Kolarov insisted Salah will not be the sole focus.
“Against Barcelona we did not focus only on Messi but on all our rivals. We played as a team, and and by playing this way again, we can achieve great things,” the former Manchester City full back explained.
Read more here.
Get politics updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Donald Trump's darkest secrets appear to have been revealed in a dramatic online post.
But the incriminating message isn't written by the CIA or the FBI - it's from electronic music star Moby.
The 51-year-old DJ, born Richard Melville Hall, posted a curious series of allegations on Instagram yesterday as scandal gripped the White House.
He boldly claimed - with absolutely no proof - that after "spending the weekend talking to friends who work in dc" he could "safely(well, 'accurately'...) post the following things".
The musician then went on to declare the so-called Watersportsgate dossier against Trump is "100% real" and he is being "blackmailed by the Russian government for much more nefarious things".
The private intelligence dossier by an ex-MI6 operative - denied as "fake news" by Trump - said he paid prostitutes to urinate on a Moscow hotel bed once slept in by Barack Obama.
Moby also claimed Trump's administration "is in collusion with the russian government and has been since day one."
He said there were plans to remove the President by "right-wing" figures and intelligence agencies who are are "horrified" at his "incompetence".
He added: "The Trump administration needs a war, most likely with Iran. At present they are putting US warships off the coast of Iran in the hope that Iran will attack one of the ships and give the US a pretense for invasion."
(Photo: AFP)
"i'm writing these things so that when/if these things happen there will be a public record beforehand.
"these are truly baffling and horrifying times, as we have an incompetent president who is essentially owned by a foreign power. -moby"
The President's National Security Advisor Mike Flynn quit last night after giving misleading accounts of his contact with Russia.
(Photo: GETTY:TWITTER)
It has since emerged the White House knew of problems for weeks before taking action - as the New York Times claims Trump's aides had regular contact with Russia before the US election.
Yet British Prime Minister Theresa May renewed her invitation for Trump to visit the UK in a state visit last night.
The pair discussed "trade and security" in a phone call, 10 Downing Street added, without giving any more detail.
Moby is not known for having any proficiency in global espionage.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get football updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The Champions League group stages are over and Europe's biggest teams are looking forward to the round of 16.
Manchester United's Europa League success last season means the five English teams still in the competition, and all of them qualified for the last 16
Chelsea, Manchester City and Tottenham all qualified early while United and Liverpool joined them in next week's draw following the final round of group games.
But when exactly is the draw? And which other teams will be in it?
Here is all you need to know...
(Image: KEYSTONE)
When is the draw?
The draw takes place on Monday, December 11. The process is due to get underway at 11am UK time.
Which teams have qualified?
Barcelona*, Basel, Bayern München, Beşiktaş*, Chelsea, Juventus, Liverpool*, Manchester City*, Manchester United*, Paris Saint-Germain*, Porto, Real Madrid, Roma*, Sevilla, Shakhtar Donetsk, Tottenham Hotspur*
*Group winners
(Image: REUTERS)
When will the round of 16 ties take place?
The first legs will take place on February 13/14 and February 20/21. The second legs will take place on March 6/7 and March 13/14.
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
One local family is bringing some Christmas cheer to their neighborhood with a decorative and festive light show.
Tim Wyatt, from Midland, set up thousands of bulbs outside of his home for a holiday light show.
Those lights are synchronized to 16 different songs.
The video features Carol of the Bells performed by Trans-Siberian Orchestra.
The Wyatt family has been doing this tradition for five years now.
The family is new to the neighborhood as they moved in this past May from Denver.
Wyatt said his family is excited to bring some extra Christmas cheer to their new neighborhood. Check it out by heading to 2789 N. Cedaridge Drive.
Copyright 2017 WNEM (Meredith Corporation). All rights reserved.
A local dialysis patient said she's depending on a borrowed generator to survive after power lines were knocked down during last week's wind storm. Now, she's left wondering when her power will come back on.
Bular is one of 30,000 DTE Energy customers still in the dark after last Wednesday's storm. She suffers from kidney failure and needs dialysis treatments daily.
She said the treatments are made more difficult without power.
"Terrible. Inconvenient. Trying to run dialysis in a home on no power,” Bular said. "What am I supposed to do?"
A DTE spokesperson told TV5 nearly all their customers have had their power restored. While she didn't address Buler's case directly, she did say the remaining outages require more complex repairs.
The spokesperson said the company hopes to have power to all its customers by 11:30 p.m. Monday night, but that isn't sitting well with Bular's neighbor Bonnie Thornton.
"I was kind of teed off, because you know they tell you one thing and then they tell you another,” Thornton said.
Thornton said she's called DTE Energy three times a day since the power has gone out and she's growing more frustrated.
“I try to be nice but it's hard to try and be nice when you're a little disgusted,” she said.
Disgusted is how Bular said she feels too. She insisted that DTE needs to do more for people with medical conditions like herself, saying she can't believe her home has been without power for five days and counting.
"That's how I feel. They don't care about us,” Bular said.
To view the DTE Energy outage map, click here.
Copyright 2017 WNEM (Meredith Corporation). All rights reserved.
×
PPIM 2018
Tom Derrah of BIC Alliance, right, talks to Joe Bone of Galaxy Brushes about “The Journey: A practical guide to becoming an exceptional supervisor” at the Pipeline Pigging & Integrity Management Conference in Houston. Published by BIC Media Solutions, the book was co-authored by Barry Hardy of TDS and Ted Moon of LaunchPad.
MATTAPOISETT -- A 39-year-old Rochester man has been sent to an Eastern Massachusetts hospital after being pulled from a pickup truck that crashed into a tree and caught fire on Route 195 East in Mattapoisett, state police reported Saturday.
Troopers from the Massachusetts State Police barracks in Bourne responded to reports of a single vehicle crash on Route 195 just after 10 a.m.
Upon arriving at the scene, Troopers Matthew Holden and Brandyn Henson said they saw smoke and flames coming from the engine compartment of the pickup truck, according to state police. The driver of the vehicle, they reported, appeared unconscious.
Holden attempted to put out the flames with a fire extinguisher from the state police cruiser while Henson smashed the driver's side window and cut the seat belt to free the man from the truck, police reported. Both troopers then pulled the man from the truck and dragged him toward the wood line.
The man was sent to Tobey Hospital for treatment of injuries sustained in the crash.
Police said the crash appears to have occurred when the truck's driver drifted from the right lane to the right side of the road into snow and began to fishtail. The vehicle then crossed back over both travel lanes and struck a tree in the median, officials reported.
Mattapoisett Police and Fire, and Marion Fire officials assisted state police on scene.
WITHLACOOCHEE GULF PRESERVE OCTOBER 2017
WITHLACOOCHEE WITHLACOOCHEE
GULF PRESERVE
October 6
, 2017
The following presentation will be hosted at the WGP Education Center on Friday, October 20, 2017 at 10am.
Honey Bees
by
Melody Taylor
Master Beekeeper
Please join us at the Withlacoochee Gulf Preserve Education Center on October 20th, at 10am, for a presentation by Florida native and master beekeeper Melody Taylor. Melody will be talking about honey bees, their importance, and recent threats to their survival. We hope to see you there.
The Withlacoochee Gulf Preserve is owned and operated by the Town of Yankeetown and was purchased with funding from the Florida Communities Trust. The Preserve is located at 1001 Old Rock Road, Yankeetown Florida. Visit our web site (www.wgpfl.org) for directions and information on upcoming events.
********
Even if you have been prescribed an antidepressant, you should also have therapy regularly. Talking to a trained professional will be able to help you understand your own thoughts much better than just thinking can do. A good counselor can do much more to help you than well meaning friends.Do not drink or do any drugs when you experience feelings of depression. People turn to drugs and drink in order to help them out, but it only makes things worse. Often, the urge to do drugs or have a drink can become a dependency.Take your anti-depressants the same time daily, preferably the morning.
http://www.datingtous.com/first-met-dating/
SC DHEC offers Fireworks Safety
COLUMBIA, SC (WOLO)– This July 4th you may be ready to shoot off Fireworks, but DHEC has some tips to keep you safge.
The S.C. Department of Health and Environmental Control is urging everyone to put safety first, here are some of the tips:
Monitor local weather conditions. Dry weather can make it easier for fireworks to start a fire.
Store fireworks in a cool, dry place.
Always read and follow directions on each firework.
Only use fireworks outdoors, away from homes, dry grass, and trees.
Always have an adult present when shooting fireworks.
Ensure everyone is out of range before lighting fireworks.
Keep a bucket of water or a garden hose handy in case of fire or other mishap.
Light fireworks one at a time, and keep a safe distance.
After fireworks complete their burning, douse them with plenty of water from a bucket or hose before discarding it to prevent a trash fire.
Never:
Point or throw fireworks at another person.
Re-ignite malfunctioning fireworks.
Experiment or attempt to make your own fireworks.
Give fireworks to small children.
Carry fireworks in your pocket.
Protect Your Pets
Aside from making sure your family and friends stay safe, it's also important to protect our furry friends. Pets should be kept safely inside the house to avoid additional stress and the possibility of lost pets (who escape fencing to run from fireworks).
Dogs who are fearful of fireworks should be isolated in rooms that provide the most soundproofing from the loud noises of fireworks going off. You can also play the radio to further muffle the noises.
For more information on firework safety, visit www.scdhec.gov and search for keyword “fireworks.”
In the last few weeks, talk shows have featured experts warning about the “summer slide” — a term used to describe the loss of academic skills over the summer holiday — and ads for camps and tutoring services have been offering summer programs to help combat it. If parents hadn't worried about it before the onslaught, many of us have undoubtedly started to wonder how we can make sure our children don't fall behind by September. Research around the slide, however, isn't as straightforward as most commonly portrayed.
For children who love reading, summertime is a chance to read even more. For those who don't free summer reading clubs are designed to help children develop a love of reading, which can be an enjoyable way to tackle the annual loss of academic skills. ( dreamstime )
While looking into it, I came across an interesting article at PsychologyToday.com titled “Facts and fiction about the so-called ‘summer slide' ” that addressed many of my own questions as a parent and an educator. Peter Gray, Ph.D., a research professor at Boston College, reviewed a number of studies and concluded, “All in all, the research indicates that, as measured by standard academic achievement tests, there is at least as much academic gain during the summer vacation as there is loss.” He did note that, “… students from poor families gain less and lose more over the summer, on tests, than do those from families that are more well off.” When it came to reading, “… most studies show either no significant change or an increase in reading ability over the summer.” This made sense to me because for children who love to read, summer is a chance to read even more. For those not so keen on what they have been offered at school, it might be a chance to delve into a new genre. For families who want to access reading support, public libraries across the country offer free summer reading clubs free summer reading clubs designed to help children develop a love of reading.
Article Continued Below
Mathematics was more complicated. The research seemed to show that students declined in calculation skills but gained in reasoning skills. This could be because calculation skills aren't usually practised outside of a school context while reasoning skills are best developed through real life experiences. Gray pointed out that skills learned by rote, like multiplication facts, are often lost when not rehearsed. While many commercial programs promise to combat summer slide, parents need to ask what types of skills they are trying to address. Spending all summer practising calculation skills and missing out on the experiences that can develop reasoning doesn't seem like a good trade-off to me. Like most things, balance is key. Students should be able to perform basic calculations with competence as well as show reasoning ability. I believe in a judicious mix of traditional and creative methods. Free online resources such as TVO's mPower (its award-winning online math game for K to Grade 6 students) can help. As the summer begins, it would seem prudent to plan a few activities to minimize the sliding of some academic skills. Counteracting it, however, shouldn't come at the expense of other skills best developed by truly experiencing the lazy, hazy, crazy days of summer. Catherine Little is a Toronto-based educator, consultant and writer. She was a consultant in the development of TVO's mPower.
Have your say
Borough and Oundle both suffered Midlands Division One defeats for the second weekend running in the English Clubs Championship today (February 3).
Two yellow cards proved costly for Borough in their match. Joe Andresen was sin-binned for something he said and Mooki Tshepo-Olebile for not getting up from the tackle and during their absence in the second half, ONs came back strongly from a 15-3 half-time deficit to lead 23-15.
Borough scored a try right at the end to secure a losing bonus point and it was number eight Sarel Pretorius who crossed to complete his hat-trick of tries.
Andresen converted two of them and kicked a penalty.
Borough vice-chairman Archie Bennett said: “It was a great game of open rugby between two evenly-matched sides and could have gone either way.”
Apart from Pretorius, hooker Jamie Dingle and flanker Rob Mould had fine games.
Borough stays fifth in the table and Oundle remain seventh.
Wisbech St Mary FC have officially unveiled their upgraded stadium.
In partnership with Wisbech St Mary Sports & Community Centre, the club has been able to carry out improvements thanks to a £19,990 grant received from the Premier League's Football Stadia Improvement Fund (FSIF) – the largest funders of non-league football in the country.
Wisbech St Mary FC unveiled their upgraded home ground, which will improve the experience for players and fans. The first team (pictured above) and club staff are delighted with the improvements.
The funding has enabled the club, which was formed in 1993, to make a number of improvements comprising a brand new covered spectator viewing area, four additional floodlights and ball stop netting.
The new covered stand will improve the matchday experience for spectators, helping to attract new fans to the club. The installation of extra floodlight lamps will help to provide safer, more flexible matches and training for the club's teams, which range from the Under 7s to their adult side.
The club's first team play in Division One of the Thurlow Nunn Eastern Counties League.
The club had previously received a total of £17,130 from two other grants delivered by the FSIF. The investment helped to fund the club's other spectator stand, new dug-outs and pitch surface improvements.
Martin Holmes, secretary of both Wisbech St Mary FC and Wisbech St Mary Sports & Community Centre, said: “We are very grateful to the FSIF for their continued support. It demonstrates that funding does find its way to grassroots football from the top of the game.
“Our club and the community centre are very proud of what we have achieved in the past few seasons. We will continue to improve facilities as the club develops.”
Peter McCormick OBE, chairman of the Football Stadia Improvement Fund, said: “I am pleased that Premier League money, delivered though the FSIF, has helped Wisbech St Mary Sports & Community Centre and Wisbech St Mary FC to build a new stand and upgrade their floodlights.
“The Premier League invests in improving stadia for clubs at the lower levels of the game, and this project is an excellent example of what that money achieves.”
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Virgin Holidays has released a new video in a bid to raise awareness surrounding the discrimination faced by LGBT+ couples whilst on holiday abroad.
The holiday gurus have teamed up with media brand ATTN: to create a short clip which envisages a world where straight couples face the same issues as those raised by the couples surveyed in new research.
In the video, a straight couple on honeymoon try to have a romantic getaway, but face the same uncomfortable situations which LGBT+ couples have admitted to experiencing, from having their relationship status questioned to being criticised for sharing a kiss over dinner.
"At Virgin Holidays, we believe everyone, regardless of their sexual orientation or gender identity, has the right to be whoever they are, wherever they are," said Sir Richard Branson.
"That's why it is shocking that in today's society some of us can't even enjoy a simple holiday without fear of discrimination. It's fantastic that Virgin Holidays are raising awareness around this important issue."
(Image: Virgin)
New research from Virgin revealed that only one in 20 LGBT+ couples feel comfortable displaying affection during their trip, with half of those asked admitting they fear judgement and mockery.
That includes everyday holiday activities such as applying suncream to their partner's back, or een holding hands - eight out of ten couples refuse to hold hands at all when abroad.
The research, which was conducted amongst a representative sample of both LGBT+ and straight UK adults, also revealed the appalling fact that one in three LGBT+ travellers have experienced some form of discrimination.
Of those asked, 58% were stared at, 35% were laughed at, and almost a third (29% had been verbally abused.
As for physical violence, one in 10 LGBT+ travellers will have been threatened.
But it's not just fellow tourists who are part of the problem - hoteliers themselves also played a big role.
In fact, a third of LGBT+ couples asked admitted they feared judgement from hotel staff - and more than half have had their relationship status questioned, or been offered to have their beds separated.
A car collided with the wall of a pharmacy in Market Deeping this morning, Friday October 6.
The incident took place in Market Place when the white Mercedes caused damage to the door and wall of the Well Pharmacy.
Police attended and cordoned off the scene. Nobody is thought to have been injured in the accident.
The business is still open as it has another entrance.
HAZARD — Marilyn Couch and Ashley Minter of AmeriCorps joined Judge Exec. Scott Alexander at the courthouse on April 14 for the signing of a proclamation declaring National Service Recognition Day in Perry County. AmeriCorps VISTA members have done much work in Perry County this year.
According to info provided by the Perry County Fiscal Court, within the past twelve months, nine AmeriCorps VISTA members serving in the Save the Children Family Engagement Project in five Southeastern Kentucky counties, which include Perry, engaged more than 4,350 parents and guardians in more than 350 family events at thirteen schools. Seventy three senior citizens served in the Senior Corps Foster Grandparents as volunteer tutors at twenty four schools in seven counties, including Perry. In addition, 83 percent of the children, who were assigned to grandparent tutors as part of the Save the Children literacy program, significantly improved their reading skills. In Kindergarten and first grade, 88 percent of students met their goals and 82 percent of students in the Guided Independent Reading Practice program, consisting of second through sixth grade, met their goals.
Save the Children's literacy program has made many contributions to Perry County's educational system over several years. VISTA members play a major role in the work, not only for Save the Children, but also with many other nonprofit groups throughout the region.
Sam Neace can be reached at 606-629-3243 or on Twitter @HazardHerald.
Courtesy photo | Marilyn Couch and Ashley Minter of AmeriCorps joined Judge Exec. Scott Alexander at the courthouse on April 14 for the signing of a proclamation declaring National Service Recognition Day in Perry County. http://hazard-herald.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/04/web1_Vistas_cmyk.jpg Courtesy photo | Marilyn Couch and Ashley Minter of AmeriCorps joined Judge Exec. Scott Alexander at the courthouse on April 14 for the signing of a proclamation declaring National Service Recognition Day in Perry County.
Bus passengers in Leeds are being warned to expect delays to service this morning as private hire drivers in the city stage a 'slow drive' protest.
Leeds Private Hire Drivers Organisation has organised the protest on a circular route in Leeds city centre between 6am and 10am.
DOJ Stepping Up Prosecutions Of Medical Providers Who Abuse Prescribing Authority It's believed that 80 percent of people addicted to heroin today started with prescription painkillers. The over-prescription of opioids in the U.S. has been well documented. NPR's Robert Siegel speaks with U.S. Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein about how the Department of Justice is ramping up prosecutions of medical providers who abuse their prescribing authority when it comes to opioids.
BUSINESS
(Posco)
Posco, South Korea's leading steelmaker, will hire a total of 6,000 regular workers from this year until 2020 in an effort to offer job opportunities and secure human resources, the company said Tuesday.The company will hire 1,500 workers annually for the next four years.The large-scale employment plan comes as the steelmaker strives to gain a lead in the “fourth industrial revolution” by researching and developing new sources of growth such as lithium, the company said.To secure talent, Posco will look for potential employees in academia, former officers discharged from military service and other diverse fields.Posco will also boost the total value of funds created to support affiliates to 550 billion won ($484.5 million) from the current 500 billion won across 15 funds, the company said.By Kim Bo-gyung (lisakim425@heraldcorp.com)
Guessing over as U.S. Open tees off
by Reuters News 15 Jun 2017, 05:20 IST
Jun 14, 2017; Erin, WI, USA; Severe storm clouds roll into the course following a practice round of the U.S. Open golf tournament at Erin Hills. Mandatory Credit: Michael Madrid-USA TODAY Sports
By Steve Keating
ERIN, Wisconsin (Reuters) - Injuries, graduations, a newborn and a new course have all been part of the 117th U.S. Open buildup but on Thursday the spotlight will be back on the leaderboard and the year's second major.
With the last six majors producing six first-time winners and fitness concerns hanging over some of golf's biggest names, there is an air of uncertainty whistling through the knee high fescue at this year's U.S. Open.
Adding to the unpredictability is the venue Erin Hills, a sprawling links style layout nestled in the bucolic Wisconsin countryside, that will be making its major debut.
At a monstrous 7,741 yards Erin Hills will be the first par 72 U.S. Open since 1992 at Pebble Beach.
"We are excited about this site," said Mike Davis, executive director of the United States Golf Association. "We really do believe Erin Hills meets all of the criteria.
"When we looked at Erin Hills we looked at what the test of golf would be.
"We think it is a good test. A different kind of test."
Reigning U.S. Open champion Dustin Johnson and Phil Mickelson kept the golf world guessing whether they would or would not be in Erin Hills this week.
Johnson ended that speculation on Tuesday when he arrived in time for a practise round after partner Paulina Gretzky had given birth to their second child.
Mickelson, however, who needs a U.S. Open victory to complete a career grand slam, was going to take it down to the wire, hoping enough rain and bad weather will delay Thursday's start to allow him to attend his daughter's graduation and fly from San Diego to Erin in time for his 2:20 PM CT (1920 GMT).
Major winners world number one Johnson, Northern Irishman number two Rory McIlroy and Australian number three Jason Day all are big hitters and come to a layout that should favour them. But there are questions over their form.
"I mean the golf course I really like it," said Johnson, who is trying to become the first repeat champion since Curtis Strange in 1989. "It's a typical U.S. Open venue where the fact is that you have to hit the fairways. You can't really play from the rough.
"It's a difficult championship to win. It always plays very difficult."
Johnson, who missed the U.S. Masters after hurting his back, failed to make the halfway cut at the Memorial tournament last week while McIlroy has not played in nearly a month, since reporting back problems at the Players Championship.
Day, who pulled out of the WGC Dell Match Play to be with mother while she battled cancer, has slowly found some form following a tie for 60th at the Players with a runnerup finish at the Byron Nelson.
American young guns world number five Jordan Spieth, the 2015 U.S. Open winner, and number nine Rickie Fowler, zeroing in on a maiden major, will spearhead the American charge along with Johnson.
An American has hoisted the trophy the last two years and a strong international field will be determined to prevent a U.S. hat-trick of titles.
Masters champion Sergio Garcia of Spain and runner-up Justin Rose of England drive the ball just about as well as anyone, as does Australian Adam Scott, while South Africans Charl Schwartzel and Louis Oosthuizen are always a threat.
(Editing by Gene Cherry)
Mariem Elgwahry, 27, was on the phone to her brother in the Grenfell Tower during her final minutes alive. Grenfell inquiry hears bereaved friends and family
Mariem Elgwahry, 27, was on the phone to her brother in the Grenfell Tower during her final minutes alive. Grenfell inquiry hears bereaved friends and family
A MAN who lost his mother and sister in the Grenfell Tower disaster has told of listening to their last agonising moments as they died in the London inferno last year.
Ahmed Elgwahry was standing on a street outside the tower block on June 14 last year while his sister Mariem Elgwahry, 27, and mum Eslah, 64, were trapped near the top. The building was burning out of control and eventually 72 people were killed.
An inquiry into the cause and responses by the fire service is underway in London, and has been attended by grieving - and angry - loved ones of many of the victims.
Mr Elgwahry, 35, told the inquiry a "scared an anxious" Mariem called him to tell him they were trapped by the fire in their apartment on the 22nd floor of the west London building. Even when she was unable to speak, she still managed to communicate with him.
"Despite her suffering, deterioration, and lost of consciousness, Mariem let me know she was still there."
He said she did so by mumbling and banging on the floor.
"She started fading rapidly, but kept going."
Mr Elgwahry paid tribute to his sister who had been a "fighter" all her life.
Soon after he heard his mother's voice.
Mariem Elgwahry managed to communicate with her brother from the burning tower.
A missing poster for Ms Elgwahry.
"About 20 seconds later I heard my Mum. She struggled for breath and said her last words, 'I can't breathe, I can't breathe'."
He was grateful to have been able to communicate with them in their final moments and know they weren't alone.
"Mariem could have disconnected the call...[but] we were all together until their last breath."
Mr Elgwahry was furious about what he says were failures by authorities to follow-up residents' safety concerns.
'My mum and my sister were murdered and cremated on June 14. They were poisoned by smoke, they were burned, they were cremated.
'I had to listen to them... die. If that's not torture, I'm not sure what is."
He said they died due to "a complete catalogue of failures" which meant they died in "the most horrifying way".
"What is being ignored is the failure to acknowledge the utter incompetence leading up to this preventable tragedy."
Other families at the inquiry stood and applauded when he had finished his evidence.
Mr Elgwahry said it would have been suicidal for firefighters to try and get them from the top floor - but the grieving family of other victims have accused the fire brigade of not doing enough.
Paulos Tekle with his son, Isaac, who was one of the youngest victims.
The inquiry has heard communications between firefighters in the tower and superiors outside were not working. It has also been told that panicked residents were calling the emergency line and instructed to stay where they were.
Paulos Tekle told the inquiry he would live with the guilt for listening to emergency services. His five-year-old son Isaac died when he was lost in a smoky stairwell. He said he was told repeatedly to "stay put" from when he called at 1am.
Mr Tekle said: "I want the truth. I will not have peace until I have the truth. I want to know why I was physically stopped from leaving the flat at about 2am. Why we were kept inside for so long? I want answers. If I had not listened to the fire brigade my son would have likely been alive today."
The advice from the fire service continued even as neighbours urged them to run. Finally, at 2.45am, they made their escape.
The Grenfell tower fire killed 72 people.
An inquiry and police investigation into the inferno are ongoing.
"Every day I ask myself the same question: what if I had not listened and we had left right then and there? [Would] My Isaac would be here today?"
He fought back tears and said: "'I will never forget Isaac's big beautiful eyes, his calm-looking wait for his Dad to save them all. But I didn't, because I listened to the authorities and that makes me angry."
Isaac's body was found on the ninth floor. He was one of the youngest victims of the disaster.
A London Fire Brigade spokesman told The Times they could not discuss details of what occurred that night while the inquiry and police investigation were ongoing.
A spokesman said it was committed to making sure everyone knew "exactly what happened".
The inquiry continues.
andrew.koubaridis@news.com.au
Canada Post is late delivering half a million voter cards one week before the provincial election. The cards tell voters where, when and how to vote, and were supposed to be delivered by May 25, in time for advance polls opening May 26, said Elections Ontario in a statement Wednesday.
Ontario NDP Leader Andrea Horwath is joined by her 25-year old son Julian when she cast her ballot in an advance poll in her home riding of Hamilton Centre in Hamilton, Ont. on May 27, 2018. ( Peter Power / THE CANADIAN PRESS )
“We rely on our partnership with Canada Post to deliver essential voter information on time,” said Ontario's Chief Electoral Officer Greg Essensa in the statement. “We are clearly disappointed that we have not received the level of service that we have come to expect from our long-standing partner.” Canada Post expected to have the cards in the mail by end of day Wednesday, and said it experienced a “mechanized process failure,” and processed the batch manually. It is now investigating the cause, but has delivered the 8.5 million other cards successfully. “We apologize to Elections Ontario and to anyone who has yet to receive their voter card for any delay,” said spokesperson Phil Legault in a statement.
Article Continued Below
In an email Tuesday, Canada Post said it was confident all voters would receive the card in time for the June 7 election. Voters can still cast their ballot without a card by bringing one piece of identification that shows their name and current residential address. Kerry Cathers has lived in the same Toronto apartment for 15 years and as of Wednesday afternoon had yet to receive her card. She said she called Elections Ontario earlier in the week and the representative told her they'd received many reports of people not receiving their cards. “It's a little bit disturbing because people might not show up to vote,” Cathers said, noting she'll go to her voting station regardless, but worries others aren't aware they don't need a card. Ballots can be cast in person, by mail or by home visit until June 6. Polls will be open June 7 from 9 a.m. to 9 p.m. More information, including voting locations and acceptable identification, is available at elections.on.ca or 1-888-668-8683.
Read more about:
VP Pence Visits Pennsylvania To Campaign In Congressional Special Election
Vice President Pence campaigned in western Pennsylvania on Friday, defending a reliable GOP House seat that Democrats are making a bid in hopes to pick up with a candidate, who on paper at least, has a resume that could convince right-leaning voters to back him.
MARY LOUISE KELLY, HOST:
Vice President Mike Pence was in western Pennsylvania today campaigning for the Republican running in a special election there.
(SOUNDBITE OF ARCHIVED RECORDING)
VICE PRESIDENT MIKE PENCE: Would you give another round of applause to the next congressman from the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania...
(CHEERING, APPLAUSE)
PENCE: ...Rick Saccone?
KELLY: It's the latest race that is making the GOP nervous. Republicans won the district handily in 2016. But this time around, Democrats think they have a shot. NPR's Scott Detrow reports.
SCOTT DETROW, BYLINE: Pennsylvania's 18th Congressional District shouldn't be a close race. The southwest corner of the state has elected Republicans by wider and wider margins in recent years. President Trump won nearly 60 percent of the vote here in 2016, helping him become the first Republican to carry Pennsylvania since 1988.
(SOUNDBITE OF ARCHIVED RECORDING)
PENCE: Thanks to all of you, on a November night in 2016, this president turned the blue wall red.
(CHEERING, APPLAUSE)
DETROW: And yet, Vice President Mike Pence is campaigning here, and Trump was here two weeks ago. Ray Zaborney is a Republican strategist who's run a lot of races in western Pennsylvania. He blames the broader political dynamics for the fact the race looks relatively tight.
RAY ZABORNEY: Democrats are enthusiastic to get out and vote against Republicans, at least some Democrats. And I think you see just natural increases in turnout.
DETROW: That's even more the case in special elections where turnout is lower. It's why Democrats cut deep into the usual Republican victory margins in all of last year's special House races, though they didn't flip any of them. So Republicans like Saccone are sticking to a pretty basic message.
(SOUNDBITE OF ARCHIVED RECORDING)
RICK SACCONE: Don't forget about that date now, March 13.
DETROW: And outside conservative groups are pouring millions of dollars into TV ads. Still, Democrat Conor Lamb's campaign is outraising Saccone's. The young first-time candidate comes from a prominent local political family and has an appealing resume.
(SOUNDBITE OF ARCHIVED RECORDING)
UNIDENTIFIED MAN #1: He grew up here, went to Central Catholic, then college and law school, served four years in the Marines, still loves to shoot, became a federal prosecutor.
DETROW: Democrat Bill DeWeese represented the southern part of the district in the statehouse for decades before resigning after a corruption conviction. He thinks Lamb's moderate profile gives him a real chance of winning.
BILL DEWEESE: They will not be able to talk about him being anti-gun. They will not be able to wrap Mrs. Pelosi around him in some concocted TV commercial.
DETROW: Lamb has said he would not vote for Nancy Pelosi as Democratic leader. That hasn't stopped the TV ads.
SOUNDBITE OF ARCHIVED RECORDING
UNIDENTIFIED MAN #2: How do we know Conor Lamb will join Pelosi's liberal flock? He already has. Lamb joined Pelosi to oppose a middle-class tax cut, calling your tax cut crumbs.
DETROW: Amid all that, Lamb's campaign is playing it cautiously. You'll notice he's not in this story. Lamb has been shy with the press. The campaign said Lamb did not have any public events yesterday. But hours later, he posted pictures on Twitter with Massachusetts Congressman Joe Kennedy speaking to a full room of supporters. Republicans are nervous enough that Pence was here today and the president is expected to come back before the election. So much White House involvement could make it look like Republicans are seriously concerned. Zaborney doesn't see it that way.
ZABORNEY: We have a race. It's probably closer than we'd want it to be, and that's probably how it'll end. But we take it seriously. And obviously you leave everything on the field. So having the president, vice president go as a precaution - that is a luxury to be able to take on a special election that's the only thing happening right now.
DETROW: The GOP can focus on this race and probably do the damage control needed to keep it red. Republican's broader concern - what will happen later this year when voters in dozens of districts more competitive than this one are all heading to the polls on the same day. Scott Detrow, NPR News, Bethel Park, Pa.
Copyright © 2018 NPR. All rights reserved. Visit our website terms of use and permissions pages at www.npr.org for further information.
NPR transcripts are created on a rush deadline by Verb8tm, Inc., an NPR contractor, and produced using a proprietary transcription process developed with NPR. This text may not be in its final form and may be updated or revised in the future. Accuracy and availability may vary. The authoritative record of NPR's programming is the audio record.
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
Anne Dougherty told Governor Tom Wolf and a room full of fellow senior citizens Wednesday that she was a victim of identity theft.
“I had no idea how they got my information, but they had it,” the 85-year-old Dunmore resident said. “They had my name, my address, my phone number, my Social Security number. I was a wreck. It took me a year to get that straightened out.”
Dougherty was one of about 50 area seniors who visited Scranton's South Side Senior Center Wednesday for a panel discussion — hosted by Wolf, state Department of Banking and Securities Secretary Robin Wiessmann and state Department of Aging Secretary Teresa Osborne — on how the elderly can protect themselves from financial fraud, scams and other targeted abuse.
Scammers regularly prey upon senior citizens because they receive a steady income through Social Security and often have money saved, Wiessmann said. In fact, one in five senior citizens will be the victim of fraud or financial abuse in their lifetime, with such crimes estimated to cost older Americans about $36 billion annually, according to Wolf.
Wiessmann warned seniors to be vigilant of skimming devices on ATM machines and to be wary of callers soliciting information over the telephone.
Resident Edward Sporko, 94, knows this well. He recently identified and avoided a telephone scam in which a stranger pressed him repeatedly for answers to personal questions.
“They're out there and they're hungry,” Sporko said.
The panelists warned that even family members and caregivers can perpetrate fraud, sometimes by urging seniors to give them power of attorney or to open joint bank accounts.
“We need to ensure that you know how to recognize (fraud) when it's happening,” Osborne said. “You need to understand that you don't have to be ashamed or embarrassed.”
Wiessmann touted the governor's Consumer Financial Protection Initiative. Since its launch in 2015, the initiative has aimed to prevent elder financial abuse by coordinating the efforts of a host of state agencies.
Seniors may access this network of 11 state agencies and departments working together to provide consumer protections by calling toll-free 1-800-PA-BANKS (800-722-2657).
Osborne encouraged elderly residents who fear they may be targets of fraud to contact their local Area Agency on Aging, which work with local officials, law enforcement and state agencies to protect seniors.
Together these resources act to protect some of Pennsylvania's most vulnerable residents, Wolf said.
“(It's) so if something comes across your table and it sounds too good to be true, you have somebody you can call,” he said.
Contact the writer: jhorvath@timesshamrock.com; 570-348-9141; @jhorvathTT on Twitter
A team from Yorkshire is in London helping survivors of the London fire disaster.
Wakefield-based charity Penny Appeal is working with the Faiths Forum for London and the British Red Cross to distribute water, food parcels and blankets to those who have lost everything.
They have been given responsibility for distributing hot food to 300 people who have been made homeless at the Westway in London.
And they have appealed to people in the region to make a cash donation. They have been inundated with blankets and clothing and don't need any more - but still are accepting sanitary products and phone chargers.
A team was scrambled as soon as news of the tragedy broke and were among the first charities on the scene.
They are being joined today by another dozen members from Wakefield, Leeds and Bradford. More are en route from the Midlands and Manchester.
Penny Appeal volunteers in London
More than £1 million has been raised to help those affected as fire tore through the 24-storey building while volunteers and charities helped feed and shelter people who could not return to their homes overnight.
The charity's chief executive Aamer Naeem said they would be doing all they could to help in the coming days and weeks.
He said: "There's been so many people affected - people from Wakefield with relatives who lived in the block.
"One of the ladies found out that her nieces passed away, but her sister-in-law is still missing.
A huge amount of shoes and other items have been donated
“We have a team on the ground, including our Head of Programmes and are coordinating with local partners including the Faiths Forum for London and The British Red Cross.
“We are also coordinating aid with the Sikh communities in Yorkshire and will be disseminating aid over the next few days as appropriate.
“Whilst our courageous emergency services are in their rescue phase, our team, and many others are working to make sure those affected know they are not alone.”
Call 03000 11 11 11 to donate or volunteer.
Penny Appeal volunteers
Penny Appeal shops in Bradford, Manchester and Birmingham are also accepting donations.
Embattled Daewoo Shipbuilding & Marine Engineering Co. on Tuesday got the nod from its investors who hold some 1.3 trillion won ($1.14 billion) worth of bonds, paving the way for the troubled shipyard to receive a fresh cash injection from its creditors.
Earlier in the day, investors with some 410 billion won approved the debt rescheduling proposal drawn up by the shipyard's creditors. On Monday, holders of some 940 billion won worth of Daewoo Shipbuilding bonds also agreed to the debt rescheduling proposal.
(Yonhap)
The lifeline outlines a debt-for-equity swap for half of the company's debt and a delay in the payment for the dues for three years.The approval by bondholders was widely expected as the National Pension Service (NPS), the largest investor in Daewoo Shipbuilding bonds, on Monday accepted the plan to keep the troubled shipbuilder afloat.The NPS, which owns some 30 percent of the shipbuilder's corporate bonds, said it has taken into account that Daewoo Shipbuilding, the state-run Korea Development Bank (KDB) and the Export-Import Bank of Korea (Eximbank) -- the two main creditors of the shipyard -- all agreed to measures that would better ensure the repayment of corporate bonds that would be rescheduled.The pension fund had been in drawn-out talks with main creditor banks to discuss ways to keep the shipyard, which has been suffering from a serious liquidity crunch due to a slowdown in global demand, in operation.In addition to holding a large part of Daewoo's bonds, the NPS owns 45.5 percent of 200 billion won worth of bonds sold by Daewoo Shipbuilding that comes due Friday.Under the overall rescue plan, half of the shipyard's corporate bonds and commercial papers will be converted into equity with the rest being rolled over to give Daewoo some leeway. KDB and Eximbank will in exchange inject 2.9 trillion won into the company to allow it to stay in business.Late last month, the KDB-led creditors announced a fresh rescue package worth 6.7 trillion won for Daewoo Shipbuilding, but only if all stakeholders agree to a debt-for-equity swap plan.The huge assistance measures represent the second round of bailouts for the shipbuilder that has been suffering from severe liquidity problems over heavy losses in its offshore projects.Daewoo Shipbuilding creditors have repeated that it is inevitable for Daewoo Shipbuilding to be put under a new form of court receivership, called a prepackaged plan, unless bondholders of the shipbuilder agree on a debt-for-equity swap plan.Policymakers here are increasingly nervous about the possibility of Daewoo Shipbuilding facing the prepackaged plan, which will eliminate 50,000 jobs and trigger a massive cancellation of ships under construction.Daewoo Shipbuilding is seeking to implement self-rescue measures, worth 5.3 trillion won, through 2018. It has already sold off noncore assets and cut its workforce, through which it has raised or saved 1.8 trillion won.So far this year, the shipyard has secured $770 million worth of orders, and targets to clinch orders worth as much as $5.5 billion.Daewoo Shipbuilding expects a total of 10 trillion won in cash to come from the delivery of 48 ships in total by the end of the year. (Yonhap)
HOSPITALS in Northern NSW have been swamped in recent weeks following a spike in the number of preventable flu cases.
NSW Health figures reveal 940 people with confirmed influenza cases have attended hospitals in the region in recent weeks.
The rate of confirmed flu cases has rocketed from 1.63 cases for every 100,000 people in January to 39.8 for every 100,000 in late July.
And doctors are warning the numbers of cases is set to increase with the flu season yet to peak.
NSW Health data showed in the last week of July alone 526 people were admitted to hospitals across NSW with pneumonia and influenza-like illnesses.
North Coast Public Health director Paul Corben said there had been a high number of laboratory- confirmed influenza cases reported across the district and influenza activity is expected to remain high for at least the next few weeks.
"If you haven't already had a flu vaccination, there's still time to get vaccinated and reduce your chances of becoming seriously ill this season,” he said.
"Flu vaccination is free for higher-risk groups, including pregnant women, people with certain chronic medical conditions, such as severe asthma, diabetes or heart disease, and Aboriginal people aged six months to five years, or over 15 years.
"Vaccination is the best protection against seasonal influenza. Those eligible for a free vaccine should make an appointment with their local doctor as soon as possible. Other people should see their GP or chemist.”
NSW Health communicable diseases director Vicky Sheppeard said across there had been an increase in emergency department admissions across the state in recent weeks.
"During peak times we encourage people to seek advice from their GPs and HealthDirect.gov.au, a 24-hour helpline that provides immediate health advice online from registered nurses,” she said.
Dr Sheppeard said older residents were particularly at risk and should vaccinate.
"We are seeing high levels of both influenza A and B strains circulating in the community, which places vulnerable people at high risk of catching influenza and developing severe complications,” she said.
"There have also been 150 outbreaks reported in aged care facilities since the start of the year.
"It is also important to remember that it's not too late to vaccinate.
"Winter will be here for another month and we usually see influenza activity continue into September.”
Are you tired of the constant stream of flesh, booze, and selfie-obsession which characterizes the era of digital communications?
Then we have the perfect social network for you - a Christian version of Facebook called Love Realm which forbids sex pictures and bad language.
The website launched in Ghana in 2016 is already winning popularity among Christians. So far, more than 140,000 use the social network and see that it is good.
Love Realm is aiming to spread positivity and making people switch from other social media networks, which the site's founders claim purveys sinful content such as violence and pornography.
Co-founder of the clean social media Dr. Yaw Ansong Jnr tells Business Insider Sub Saharan Africa (BISSA) that the site is monitored by more than 2 volunteers, who vet sexually explicit content and remove swear words and other offensive phrases.
Aside from the swearwords blockage, there are other amazing features such as prayer request, anonymity, and counseling.
Co-founder Yaw Ansong told BISSA that the team hoped to have a million of users within a short period of time.
"We want to be morally and technically better than Facebook. We want all Ghanaian evangelicals as well as people who want positive energy to shift to Love Realm," said Yaw.
The idea for the site was born years ago when the group was in a Ghanaian medical school and the three-person founding team received financial support from their father to set up the project.
Love Realm isn't your ordinary social media hangout for sharing memory events and happenings with friends and family but also for driving membership in the church.
Churches are registered to the network and are able to connect with members regardless of where they are.
Co-founder Yaw says the platform has been built to serve as a payment system for tithes.
Yaw explains that the network hope to grow into a challenger of some of social media's biggest names.
"We want to take on Facebook and Twitter here and everywhere," said Yaw.
By Dennis Peprah, GNA
Nkoranza (B/A), April 24, GNA - A total of 14,065 farmers have registered under the Planting for Food and Jobs (PfFJs) programme in Brong-Ahafo, Dr Cyril T. Quist, the Regional Director of Agriculture has said.
He said maize farmers were the highest beneficiaries, registering about 9,376 people since it was launched by President Nana Addo Dankwa Akufo-Addo in 2017.
In an interview with the Ghana News Agency (GNA), Dr Quist said 1,994 tomatoes, 1,762 rice, 784 pepper, and 148 onion farmers had also registered.
The Brong-Ahafo Regional Chapter of the Ghana Society of the Physically Challenged in collaboration with MIHOSO International, a Non-Governmental Organisation (NGO), with support from the Business Sector Advocacy Challenge (BUSAC Fund) organised a sensitisation workshop on the programme for persons with disabilities (PWD) at Nkoranza.
It aimed at sensitising the participants, mainly persons with disabilities to identify possible areas that could be of benefit to them.
Dr Quist explained that the PfFJs programme was on course, adding that in 2017, more than 28,278 bags of maize seeds were supplied to maize farmers, 18,044 bags to rice farmers, 50 bags of soya beans, 4,051 sachets of tomatoes, 2,543 sachets of onion and 1,988 sachets of pepper.
On fertilizer input, the government supplied the Region with 212,188 NPK fertilisers, 42,729 Urea fertiliser and 84,194 SoA fertilisers.
The Region was able to distribute NPK-79,357, Urea -20,399, and SoA-27,441 fertilisers to the farmers at subsidised prices.
Dr Quist said his outfit also distributed 20,528 fertilizers to the maize farmers out of the 23,376 bags received from the government 5,878 to rice farmers out of the 18,044 bags.
He said 60,514 had been targeted to benefit from the programme in 2018, and advised especially the teeming unemployed youth to develop the interest and engage in commercial farming activities to become beneficiaries of the programme.
Dr Quist emphasised that the PfFJs programme would make agricultural production competitive and underlined the need for the government to increase investment in the sector and develop relevant linkages to increase on national food production average and also create sustainable jobs.
Mr. Pontius Ninwiri, the Project Officer of MIHOSO International, said research conducted by his NGO showed that education on the PfFJs was down and therefore called on the government to intensify public education on the programme.
He expressed concern about poor monitoring of the programme, saying a policy guideline was urgently required to make its implementation sustainable.
GNA
New Delhi: In an obvious attack on cow vigilantes, Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Tuesday said violence in the name of one's values was unacceptable.
"Violence in the name of one's belief is not something to be happy about. It will not be accepted in India. India is about peace, unity and amity. Casteism and communalism will not help us," he said in his Independence Day speech from the Red Fort here.
"The poison of casteism and communalism can never be beneficial for our nation and should not be endorsed," he added.
Susan Hastings is a senior branch assistant at Idea Exchange, Hespeler. She recommends:
"Salt to the Sea" by Ruta Sepetys (Philomel Books, 391 pages)
I've read a number of books set during the Second World War recently, including "All the Light You Cannot Sea", "Lilac Girls", and "Everyone Brave is Forgiven". They all take you back to fairly recent time in history, and make you wonder at how ordinary people faced an extraordinary situation. The one that has made the biggest impression on me so far, however, is "Salt to the Sea", by Ruth Sepetys. It's a young adult novel, but it's told in such an authentic voice that the plot and character development drew me in from the start. Several weeks after finishing the book, I'm still thinking about the characters and their fates, not to mention the real-life people on whom the novel is based.
The story takes place in East Prussia in the winter of 1945, when thousands of refugees were fleeing the Red Army, and their last hope is a place on board a ship bound for the west. Their desperation and fear permeate each chapter, begging the question: "What would you do to survive?"
I don't think it's a spoiler to say that the reader already knows what is going to happen. It's a bit like watching Titanic, but this maritime disaster has never been commemorated in the same way. "Salt to the Sea" easily stands with the best of the new historical fiction and is a compelling read for young and old alike.
ATLANTA — Julio Teheran has been picked as the Atlanta Braves' opening day starter.
The 27-year-old right-hander will be making his fifth straight opening day start. He is 1-1 with a 1.88 ERA in his first four, including six scoreless innings against the Mets last year.
Teheran was 11-13 with a 4.49 ERA in 2017.
Atlanta opens its season on March 29 at home against Philadelphia.
One in seven of all ambulances which were sent out to life-threatening and emergency calls in the region in the year to August did not have a paramedic on board, The Yorkshire Post can reveal.
Across the county, the new data reveals, ambulance crews without a paramedic responded to 62,012 calls which were classed as category 1 or 2.
This amounts to around 14 per cent of calls for those in an emergency or life-threatening situation such as a heart attack, stroke, or burns.
Yorkshire Ambulance Service (YAS), when asked repeatedly for clarification as to who was staffing these ambulances, failed to respond but instead issued a statement asserting it had “robust” protocols in place.
“We are committed to providing high quality care to all our patients and have robust dispatch protocols in place to ensure we respond appropriately to medical emergencies,” said Dr Steven Dykes, deputy medical director at Yorkshire Ambulance Service NHS Trust.
“In high-priority, time-critical incidents we dispatch the nearest available ambulance resource to the scene, where paramedics or emergency medical technicians (EMTs) can provide immediate life-saving care to patients.”
Despite questions being asked by The Yorkshire Post for clarity around the guidelines and targets for such practice, as well as the difference in care delivery between EMTs and paramedics, YAS refused to comment further.
“Our priority is to get each patient the right resource in the right time,” a spokesman said. “Our priority for a category one call is to send the nearest available resource to ensure the patient receives care as quickly as possible and all our staff are trained in immediate life-saving interventions such as CPR and the recognition of sepsis.
“The needs of our patients are mixed between clinical care and transport to hospital and our workforce reflects that.”
The Freedom of Information request to the YAS asked for a breakdown of the number of 999 calls which were attended to by an emergency care assistant (ECA) rather than a fully qualified paramedic.
This is after concerns were raised by unions in 2013 that the lesser trained ECAs were being sent to emergencies in the county.
But the response from YAS instead showed a breakdown of the total number of calls not attended by a paramedic.
In the year to August 2017, a total of 111,238 ambulances called out in Yorkshire didn't have a paramedic on board, the figures showed, a rate of 15 per cent.
Furthermore, the data showed, this included 6,525 crews, around eight per cent, which responded to Category 1 calls to those in a life-threatening situation.
Unions have said that all ambulances should have a paramedic on board, but have stressed that any EMTs which are crewing the ambulances are highly trained.
“Unison Yorkshire Ambulance branch would ideally like to see a paramedic on all frontline vehicles,” said spokesman Bryn Webster. “However, the agreed workforce plan has highly trained EMT members as lead clinicians on ambulances. This is whilst they are waiting to undertake paramedic training.
“The EMT grades should only make up approximately 20 per cent of the commissions within the workforce.”
But, he added, there is ongoing “confusion” within the trust about the arrangements of this plan and how it plays out in practice for members.
“There is currently confusion around the agreed workforce plan due to the trust breaking an agreement and disregarding Unison members' previous ballot results,” he said, referring to issues around rotas, procedures and leave.
“Unison urges the trust to adhere to all policies to avoid further confrontation.”
Yorkshire Ambulance Service NHS Trust receives an average of 2,450 emergency and routine calls per day and employs over 5,000 staff in the region.
NHS England confirmed the makeup for ambulance crews is down to individual trusts.
According to the College of Paramedics, EMTs, also known ambulance technicians, work in a clinical role within the ambulance service but are unregistered.
They are trained to a lower standard than paramedics, and are able to administer a smaller range of medicines.
They can however “practice autonomously”, the college says, assessing and treating patients as needed.
× Armed Thief Hits Turkey Hill in Dickson City
DICKSON CITY — A mini mart robbery in Lackawanna County is under investigation.
Officers say the thief showed a knife to the clerk at Turkey Hill Minit Mart on Main Street in Dickson City early Wednesday morning.
Authorities haven't said how much he got away with.
Have your say
FIVE Yorkshire players have been named in England's one-day international squads to face Scotland and Australia.
Joe Root, Jonny Bairstow, Liam Plunkett, David Willey and Adil Rashid are in a 13-man party for the one-off match against Scotland in Edinburgh on June 10.
The quintet is also in a 14-man squad for the series of five one-day internationals against Australia from June 13-24.
England captain Eoin Morgan has been passed fit despite suffering a broken finger while fielding for Middlesex on Sunday.
There are no concerns over his fitness for England as they step up their preparations for next year's World Cup, when they will be favourites to win the trophy on home soil.
Jos Buttler has been rested for the Scotland ODI, with Sam Billings deputising.
England bowler David Willey celebrates after dismissing Kane Williamson during the 1st ODI between New Zealand and England at Seddon Park on February 25, 2018. (Picture: Stu Forster/Getty Images)
Plunkett is back after missing the 3-2 series win against New Zealand in March due to a hamstring injury, replacing Craig Overton.
Australia Test captain Tim Paine will lead the tourists, while the tour will be Justin Langer's first as head coach after he replaced ex-Yorkshire batsman Darren Lehmann. England recorded a 4-1 ODI win against Australia in January.
England squad v Scotland: Morgan, Ali, Bairstow, Billings, Hales, Plunkett, Rashid, Root, Roy, Stokes, Willey, Woakes, Wood.
England squad v Australia: Morgan, Ali, Bairstow, Buttler, T. Curran, Hales, Plunkett, Rashid, Root, Roy, Stokes, Willey, Woakes, Wood.
The Wisconsin Gazette
Congregations United to Serve Humanity will hold a march of solidarity with undocumented immigrants at 9:30 a.m. April 18 in Kenosha, during President Donald Trump's visit.
The march will begin at St. Mary's Lutheran Church, 2001 80th St., Kenosha, and proceed west toward Snap-on, where President Donald Trump and Gov. Scott Walker are expected to pay a visit.
Organizers issued this statement: “As people of faith, our vision is to build community in which everyone is treated equally. We lift up our undocumented neighbors who are struggling to build a better life for themselves and their families, many of whom are escaping unspeakable conditions in their countries of origin. We believe all children, including children of undocumented parents, deserve to feel safe. CUSH continues to advocate for reforms which support the well-being of undocumented immigrants.”
An call to march said participants are encouraged to bring signs and work boots to line the street, symbolizing the contributions of hard-working immigrants.
CUSH is a nonpartisan, interfaith coalition that promotes social justice through advocacy, education and empowerment.
CUSH is a member of the statewide WISDOM network. WISDOM affiliates from Racine, Waukesha and Milwaukee are expected to join in the march.
DOUG WOLTER
Worthington Daily Globe
ELLSWORTH — Pick-up basketball games at the farm were serious competitions when Curt, Cody and Casey Schilling were learning to play.
It was a real family affair, those head-to-head encounters. Sometimes mom (Carla) and dad (Clayton) played, too.
With the boys, the action got physical. Rules were basically modeled according to the law of the jungle.
“We definitely had it out on the yard in the cement driveway,” said Curt. “I think, especially, me and Cody beat up on Casey. That's kind of what helped make him so good in college. Cody and I did not allow Casey to make excuses. We didn't allow him to blame others.”
Casey smiled at the recollection. Playing pick-up games with his brothers, he said, caused him to play with a chip on his shoulder during his Augustana College years.
For the complete article, please see the February 15th edition of the Edgerton Enterprise.
Peterborough United manager Grant McCann believes tonight's (February 14) 2-1 win over Shrewsbury at the ABAX Stadium will be a positive turning point for his side.
It was a first League One win at home since December 10 for McCann's men. The three points pushed Posh up a place to eighth, but they remain three points outside the play-off zone.
Marcus Maddison shhots at goal for Posh against Shrewsbury: Photo: Joe Dent/theposh.com.
Central defenders Ryan Tafazolli and Dominic Ball - with the first goal of his career - scored the Posh goals in the final 20 minutes after in-form Shrewsbury - they brought a six-game unbeaten run into the game - had taken the lead from a first-half penalty.
On-loan striker Stephen Humphrys scored from the spot, but was sent off early in the second-half after picking up a second yellow card for failing to retreat quickly enough at a free kick.
McCann believes his team would have won against 11 men.
“We were playing well enough,” McCann insisted. “We dominated the first 30 minutes before wobbling a bit after they scored.
Lee Angol of Posh holds off Shrewsbury's Bryn Morris. Photo: Joe Dent/theposh.com.
“But we had a very positive team talk at half-time. The lads went out onto the pitch in good spirits confident they would turn the game around.
“Sometimes when a team goes down to 10 men it can get very difficult and it's often the case that set-pieces become important.
“Fortunately Paul Taylor delivered two great crosses and Ryan and Dominic produced two excellent headers. I was pleased for ‘Taf' as he has got in some great positions without scoring this season. One of the reasons I brought him to the club is because he is so good in both penalty areas.
“It's a massive win for us after losing at the weekend. I felt we would go on and win even against 11. Pressure had been building up on us at home so coming from behind to win should give us a massive boost in confidence.
“It could be a big turning point for us.”
McCann made three changes to his starting line-up after Saturday's (February 11) 1-0 home defeat at the hands of League One leaders Sheffield United. Strikers Craig Mackail-Smith and Tom Nichols were left on the substitutes' bench, while midfielder Brad Inman was left out of the 18-man squad altogether. Left-back Andrew Hughes was also dropped from the squad.
Lee Angol and Junior Morias were paired up front with skipper Chris Forrester restored to the starting line-up as Posh employed a 4-4-2 formation.
Taylor replaced Marcus Maddison for tactical reasons at half-time in what turned out to be an inspired substitution.
McCann added: “Lee and Junior have played together many times in the past and they have a good record, scoring 40 goals between them for Boreham Wood.
“I wasn't sure Craig Mackail-Smith would manage Saturday, Tuesday, Saturday which is why I left him out. He said he would be okay, but I felt Junior and Lee did well enough. They out themselves about.
“Brad Inman was left out for a similar reason to Craig, while I felt I needed an extra attacker on the bench which is why I left Andrew out. I took Marcus off at half-time as I thought a fresh Paul Taylor would cause them problems and he did.
“There is serious competition for places now, particularly in midfield, and I will need the entire squad in the remaining 15 games.”
Posh are in the middle of a busy February. They travel to mid-table Walsall on Saturday (February 18) before hosting seventh-placed Millwall next Tuesday (February 21).
My position is centre-back - No doubts for Lindelof over Manchester United role
New Manchester United signing Victor Lindelof is a versatile operator but is eyeing a centre-back berth at Old Trafford next season.
by Omnisport News 15 Jun 2017, 00:46 IST
Sweden defender Victor Lindelof
Victor Lindelof has designs on establishing himself at centre-back for Manchester United after becoming the most expensive defender in the Old Trafford club's history.
Lindelof penned a four-year deal, with the option of another year, on Wednesday to become Jose Mourinho's first signing of the close season for an initial fee of €35million.
That could climb to €45m if performance-related add-ons are activated and the Sweden international is hopeful the United faithful will warm to his ball-playing style.
"I think I'm quite a calm player," he told MUTV. "I like to have the ball at my feet. I think I'm good with the ball.
"I think I'm quite good at reading the game and I give my players in front of me quite a calmness knowing I'm back there trying to protect them as well as I can."
The 22-year-old began his career in midfield and has also featured at right-back, but he believes he is best at the heart of defence, an area where he must now compete with the likes of Eric Bailly, Phil Jones, Chris Smalling, Marcos Rojo and Daley Blind for a starting berth.
"Well, my position is a centre-back but I was playing right-back before and started my footballing career as a midfielder," he added.
"But I see myself as a central defender. I feel most comfortable there."
CALGARY—If you passed by the Barclay Centre on Wednesday, you may have witnessed some brave souls dangling off the 15-storey building. About 60 people spent their morning rappelling off the building to raise money for the Make-A-Wish Foundation's annual Rope For Hope fundraiser.
Victoria Boehm wanted to push her comfort zone while helping a charity she felt passionate about. ( Mary Getaneh / StarMetro Calgary ) Ramsey Kunkel and his son, Atom, watch from the ground Wednesday as participants rappel off a building in downtown Calgary to benefit Make-A-Wish. ( Mary Getaneh / StarMetro Calgary ) It's Chelsea Niekamp's fifth year participating, but she still gets nervous. ( Mary Getaneh / StarMetro Calgary ) This year's target was to raise $150,000, which will give 15 to 20 kids a chance to have their wishes granted. ( Mary Getaneh / StarMetro Calgary ) About 60 people took part in Wednesday's Rope for Hope event, rappelling off the Barclay Centre in downtown Calgary for Make-A-Wish. ( Mary Getaneh / StarMetro Calgary )
Victoria Boehm was pumped to try her hand at rappelling — until it was her turn to go. Standing on the ledge of the Barclay Centre, she steeled her nerves a few times before taking a deep breath and taking a step off the downtown building. “Heights make me nervous,” said Boehm. “But it's a really good opportunity to be able to give sick kids a chance to go on a super cool trip they may have never been able to afford before.”
Article Continued Below
Once on the ground, she said the experience was neat. It wasn't Chelsea Niekamp's first time rappelling, but she said each time feels like the first. “I've done this event for five years now,” said Niekamp, a former Make-A-Wish recipient. “It's definitely always scary getting over the ledge, but once you're over it, it's pretty easy.” Niekamp suffered from a type of bone cancer in her right knee. At 17, she was able to go to Greece with her parents and her best friend thanks to Make-A-Wish.
“It was a great experience for me because it helped my whole family get out of the rut of the trauma we had dealt with,” said Niekamp. Ramsey Kunkel knows a lot about how that rut feels. His 5-year-old son, Atom, was born with a serious heart condition.
Article Continued Below
He said that organizations like Make-A-Wish really make a difference for families going through a hard time. “It relieves a lot of stress. There are unknowns and there are immediate emergencies that you have to attend to,” said Kunkel. “When you don't know what you're going to do and there's support out there, it just takes all that stress away.” The event is the biggest fundraiser of the year for the foundation and allows Make-A-Wish to continue to grant wishes for sick kids. The goal this year is to raise $150,000. So far, about 70 per cent of that has been realized. That money will provide 15 to 20 children an opportunity to receive their wishes. “For some people, rappelling is on their bucket list ... but at the end of the day, I think they come together to do it for the kids,” said Kim Anthony, CEO of Make-A-Wish Southern Alberta. “Without the community support, we wouldn't be able to grant the 60 wishes we do every year.” Mary Getaneh is a Calgary-based reporter covering arts, culture and diversity. Follow her on Twitter: @marygetaneh
Read more about:
Trivial? Well, it would be if it were an isolated instance. But it isn't. What we've seen instead over the past three weeks is an awesome display of raw ignorance on every front. Worse, there's no hint that either the White House or its allies in Congress see this as a problem. They appear to believe that expertise, or even basic familiarity with a subject, is for wimps; ignorance is strength.
We see this on legal matters: In a widely quoted analysis, the legal expert Benjamin Wittes described the infamous executive order on refugees as “malevolence tempered by incompetence,” and noted that the order reads “as if it was not reviewed by competent counsel at all” — which is a good way to lose in court. We see it on national security matters, where the president continues to rely on a chief adviser who, suspicious closeness to the Kremlin aside, appears to get his strategic information from right-wing conspiracy theorists. We see it on education, where the hearings for Betsy DeVos, the education secretary, revealed her to be completely ignorant about even the most elementary issues. We see it on diplomacy. How hard is it to ask someone from the State Department to make sure that the White House gets foreign leaders' names right? Too hard, apparently: Before the Abe flub, the official agenda for the state visit by Theresa May, the British prime minister, repeatedly misspelt her name. And on economics — well, there's nobody home. The Council of Economic Advisers, which is supposed to provide technical expertise, has been demoted from Cabinet rank, but that hardly matters, since nobody has been nominated to serve. Remember all that talk about a trillion-dollar infrastructure plan? If you do, please remind the White House, which hasn't offered even a ghost of a concrete proposal. But let me not be too hard on the Tweeter-in-chief: disdain for expertise is general in his party. For example, the most influential Republican economists aren't serious academics with a conservative bent, of whom there are many; they're known hacks who literally can't get a number right. Or consider the current GOP panic over health care. Many in the party seem shocked to learn that repealing any major part of Obamacare will cause tens of millions to lose insurance. Anyone who studied the issue could have told them years ago how the pieces of health reform fit together, and why. In fact, many of us did, repeatedly. But competent analysis wasn't wanted. And that is, of course, the point. Competent lawyers might tell you that your Muslim ban is unconstitutional; competent scientists that climate change is real; competent economists that tax cuts don't pay for themselves; competent voting experts that there weren't millions of illegal ballots; competent diplomats that the Iran deal makes sense, and Putin is not your friend. So competence must be excluded. At this point, someone is bound to say, “If they're so dumb, how come they won?” Part of the answer is that disdain for experts — sorry, “so-called” experts — resonates with an important part of the electorate. Bigotry wasn't the only dark force at work in the election; so was anti-intellectualism, hostility toward “elites” who claim that opinions should be based on careful study and thought. Also, campaigning is very different from governing. This is especially true when the news media spend far more time obsessing over your opponent's pseudo-scandals than they do on all actual policy issues combined. But now things have gotten real, and all indications are that the people in charge have no idea what they're doing, on any front. In some ways this cluelessness may be a good thing: malevolence may indeed be tempered by incompetence. It's not just the court defeat over immigration; Republican ignorance has turned what was supposed to be a blitzkrieg against Obamacare into a quagmire, to the great benefit of millions. And Trump's imploding job approval might help slow the march to autocracy. But meanwhile, who's in charge? Crises happen, and we have an intellectual vacuum at the top. Be afraid, be very afraid. — New York Times News Service Agreement Poll Do you agree with this article? Agree Disagree Rating Poll Element Common Sense Inspiring Controversial Worrying 0%0%0%0% Common Sense Provides a logical way forward Inspiring Makes me want to take action Controversial Highly unexpected view or opinion Worrying Makes me concerned More from Thinkers Trump's nightmare has just begun
Is May up to the job of Prime Minister?
Reading the future of West Bank in its contours
McConnell's crime of passion against Warren
Aldi is partnering with Instacart to pilot grocery delivery from its stores in Atlanta, Dallas and Los Angles.
The new partnership allows customers to complete their grocery shopping by ordering Aldi products for delivery in as little as one hour. The service will launch in the three cities later this month, with potential for future expansion, according to Aldi.
“Our partnership with Instacart is another example of Aldi expanding our commitment to customer convenience and value,” said Aldi CEO Jason Hart. “We know customers are looking for new ways to save time and money. Instacart provides easy access to our low prices at the click of a button.”
Customers can fill their virtual carts by visiting instacart.com or downloading the Instacart App. At checkout, customers can choose a delivery window that works best with their schedule, anywhere from an hour or up to a week later. Instacart's personal shoppers do the rest.
“From their unique assortment of goods to their low price commitment and high standards, the Aldi and Instacart partnership aligns on delivering excellent value and convenience to consumers,” said Nilam Ganenthiran, chief business officer for Instacart. “There's a clear demand for quality grocery delivery, and Aldi and Instacart are working together to meet it.”
Aldi and Instacart are offering customers $20 off their first Instacart order with code AldiDelivery until Sept. 30.
Indian film Newton is among a list of a record 92 countries which have submitted films for consideration in the Foreign Language Film category for the 90th Academy Awards, the organisers have announced.
Haiti, Honduras, Lao People's Democratic Republic, Mozambique, Senegal and Syria are first-time entrants, a statement on the official website of the Academy of Motion Pictures Arts and Sciences said.
Newton, a Hindi film set against the backdrop of elections in the world's largest democracy, was last month chosen as India's official entry for the Best Foreign Language Film at the Oscars 2018.
Directed by Amit V. Masurkar and starring Rajkummar Rao, was chosen from among 26 titles from different languages by a 14-member jury appointed by the Film Federation of India (FFI). Newton is among a list of a record 92 countries which have submitted films for consideration in the Foreign Language Film category for the 90th Academy Awards, the organisers have announced.
Trending :
It will now compete with high-profile contenders like Angelina Jolie's “First They Killed My Father” from Cambodia, Michael Haneke's “Happy End” from Austria, Sebastian Lelio's “A Fantastic Woman” from Chile, Robin Campillo's “BPM (Beats Per Minute)” from France, Samuel Maoz's “Foxtrot” from Israel, Joachim Trier's “Thelma” from Norway, and Andrey Zvyagintsev's “Loveless” from Russia.
Nominations for the 90th Academy Awards will be announced on January 23, 2018.
The awards ceremony will be held on March 4, 2018, at the Dolby Theatre in Los Angeles. Newton collected 11.83 crores in its week 1 facing competition from movies like Bhoomi and Haseena Parkar. In its 2nd week, Judwaa 2 did damage Newton‘s stable streak at the box office. The movie has collected 7.09 crores in its week 2. It now stands at the grand total of 18.92 crores.
IT WAS the sort of stifling and oppressive late-season day that all promotion-aspiring sides simply dread.
The songs at the end arrived from the Black Country and not from the home ranks on a bleak, sunless afternoon for Leeds United. The chant of ‘You're going nowhere, we'll see you next year' from the Wolves contingent was as cutting as it gets.
Given the evidence of yesterday and the updated Championship table, Wolves fans may have a point following an asphxiating occasion for Leeds, who dropped out of the top six for the first time since late November and displayed a rotten sense of timing.
Unfortunately, there was to be no silver lining for Leeds like at St James' Park on Good Friday.
The hosts were everywhere, but nowhere when they needed method; they produced a morass of a performance that was riddled with anxiety in which both minds and limbs appeared heavy.
Wolves have previous when it comes to inflicting pain upon Leeds at the sharp end of a season – mention Molineux 1972 to any seasoned Whites follower and you will receive a dark look.
While their victory at Elland Road cannot quite be bracketed alongside the win that savagely ended Leeds's hopes of top-flight glory and the double in the Spring of 1972, it inflicted a grevious wound upon their current campaign, nevertheless.
Leeds, whose “granite jaw” was lauded by head coach Garry Monk following their last-gasp draw at Newcastle, dropped their guard fatally and offered a worrying rewind to the tail end of 2010-11 when the Whites picked the worst possible time to lose their way and tumbled out of the play-off positions.
Much of the talk beforehand had centred on talismanic defender Pontus Jansson and whether a 15th booking of the season and a three-match ban might be a price worth paying if it meant that he would be available for the play-offs.
Yesterday's events cleared up that issue with the Swede very much required in the here and now to help secure a top-six spot.
United's unflinching Elland Road form may have been the source of justifiable pride in a strong campaign, but on the evidence of the first half, it was worryingly for home ambitions open-house as opposed to fortress-like.
It made a total mockery of the fact that Leeds had not conceded a first-half home goal in 12 Championship matches since Dwight Gayle netted for Newcastle in their 2-0 win in Leeds on November 20, with the only saving grace at the interval being that the hosts only trailed 1-0.
Nervy Leeds were sloppy in possession and overrun at times, with Wolves full value for a lead given to them in eye-catching fashion in the 38th minute by Nouha Dicko.
With Jansson stranded upfield, Wanderers countered in devastating fashion, with a beautifully weighted defence-splitting pass from the impressive Ben Marshall sending Dicko clear and he coolly steered the ball low past the advancing Rob Green.
It was just the third Championship goal that Leeds had conceded before the interval at Elland Road this term and it could well prove a massive moment in their season for all the wrong reasons.
In front of a bumper holiday crowd, Leeds produced a passive first half against visitors who fed off the hosts' nerves.
Passes went astray continually from those in white, with Wolves, by contrast, displaying energy and conviction on the counter.
It should have yielded a 16th-minute opener for Andreas Weimann when dithering from Jansson and Gaetano Berardi let in the fleet-footed loanee and only a fine one-on-one block from Green saved the day,
Green then smartly parried a shot on the turn from Dave Edwards, but he was powerless to prevent Dicko from breaching his defences after Leeds were undressed on the break.
Thankfully, no further damage occurred in an abject first period and while the second half saw Leeds palpably show more desire, there was little wit and guile to soothe the nerves of the sullen home crowd.
A decent half-chance did come when Jansson headed over at the far post from Pablo Hernandez's corner, but it was all rather token,
The promotion of Hadi Sacko from the bench did at least inject some urgency, but it was another replacement in Souleymane Doukara who went closest when his header was tipped over by Andy Lonergan, afforded a quiet afternoon back at his former club.
The closest that Leeds got arrived in the last minute when substitute Kortney Hause headed Kemar Roofe's effort off the line, but there were to be no late heroics as witnessed on Tyneside.
Leeds United: Green; Ayling, Bartley, Jansson, Berardi (Taylor 63); Phillips, Bridcutt (Sacko 56); Roofe, Hernandez, Pedraza (Doukara 72); Wood. Unused substitutes: Peacock-Farrell, Coyle, O'Kane, Dallas.
Wolves: Lonergan; Coady, Williamson, Stearman, Doherty; Saville (Evans 68), Saiss; Marshall (Hause 85), Edwards, Weimann; Dicko (Bodvarsson 68). Unused substitutes: Burgoyne, Iorfa, Price, Gibbs-White.
Referee: J Simpson (Lancashire).
Black And Latino Children Are Often Overlooked When It Comes To Autism
Enlarge this image Shannon Wright for NPR Shannon Wright for NPR
Sherry Alvarez says she knew there was something different about her son since he was about 9 months old. Back then Sherry says his pediatrician told her there was nothing to worry about, " 'Boys are a little slower than girls, so let's just wait until his second birthday.' " We aren't using Sherry's son's name to protect his privacy.
By her son's second birthday, Sherry says she was getting desperate. She didn't know why he wasn't talking yet or showing affection like other kids. At 2 1/2, he was referred to Children's Hospital Los Angeles.
There, after four hours of tests, Sherry says the doctor handed her a 20-page report explaining his autism spectrum disorder diagnosis, among others. She says she was paralyzed by emotion.
ASD is a disease that affects people of all races and ethnicities, but research shows that African-American and Latino children with autism are diagnosed at older ages than white children, giving them less of an opportunity for proper intervention and treatment.
This is especially true of minimally verbal kids like Sherry's son and there are many possible reasons for a late diagnosis. Some families face healthcare access issues and prohibitive costs for treatment, and some families just don't know how important it is to get diagnosed to move on to the treatment phase. The dialog between doctors and minority families during the diagnosis process is critical.
A recent study from Georgia State University found that African-American parents reported fewer concerns about behaviors like delayed speech and repetitive behaviors, even though their children showed a greater severity with these symptoms, overall. But, of course, it isn't all up to parents.
"There are very likely parent aspects of this and very likely clinician aspects of this," says Meghan Rose Donohue, a lead researcher on the study. Perhaps families, like Sherry's, don't have the information necessary to really push physicians, but it is also possible that doctors don't take these cases seriously enough from the beginning.
Families and doctors, alike, can mistake ASD for simple bad behavior, especially in boys, as research has shown over the past couple of decades. A 2001 study at McGill University in Montreal found that doctors were more hesitant to diagnose ASD in minority families.
In 2007, a study by a team at the Center for Autism and Developmental Disabilities Research and Epidemiology, University of Pennsylvania, found that African-American children were 5.1 times more likely to be misdiagnosed with conduct disorders before being diagnosed with ASD.
When Sherry was growing up, she had a cousin who the family thought of as "different," she says. "He was basically hidden. We didn't talk about it as a community." He had autism. "We have to retrain ourselves. It's not OK to hide our kids."
Regional Centers in Los Angeles, which offer services to the developmentally disabled, are now starting to look at the diagnosis disparity problem. Westside Regional Center in Culver City just received a grant from the state to look at how autism diagnosis disparities manifest within their intake and treatment programs.
"We've implemented a series of trainings with intake counselors on cultural awareness and sensitivity, and we're starting to have a lot of conversations about biases," says Tom Kelly, Westside's chief psychologist.
One of the apparent biases among intake counselors at the center stems from the difference in the documentation that arrives with each new child. African-American families tend to arrive at the center with lots of documentation detailing behavior issues from their child's school or social services. With all those official papers sitting in front of them, it's much easier for a counselor to think "behavior disease" rather than "autism," says Kelly.
And that disparity exists in dollars spent, as well. As reported in a 2017 survey, South Central Regional Center spends $8,000 less per client than the Westside location and the racial disparity persists statewide.
But there are more resources for minority families today than compared to when Sherry's son was young. The Autism Society of Los Angeles runs a hotline to help parents navigate the diagnosis and healthcare landscape and Children's Hospital Los Angeles now employs liaisons to help families connect with the right resources. But, the spending gap persists.
Today, Sherry says her now 15-year-old son is happy. He attends Hamilton High School and communicates almost solely through a typing device. "This is the time in his life where those early treatments could have made a difference," she laments.
Bristol City were the happier team at Ewood Park by virtue of the fact they needed to avoid defeat while Blackburn Rovers needed to win.
Yet the Robins left Lancashire not feeling entirely satisfied with their day's work and perhaps bugged by a sense of frustration that they had not held on to claim three points.
When Tammy Abraham flicked City into the lead on 14 minutes, it was entirely deserved, and they continued to create the better chances until Rovers levelled with 19 minutes left.
City had been crushed 5-0 at Preston North End two weeks earlier, yet left Blackburn with a tinge of disappointment and not being able to make it nine points from the three games since.
(Photo: Matt McNulty/JMP)
That speaks volumes of how they have responded to adversity that had threatened to derail their season at the worst of times.
They are not out of the woods yet – and questions should and will be asked this summer about how they can improve on the aspects that have dogged them this season.
But, with four points and four places between them and the relegation zone, and only three matches – two of them at home – to play, City deserve significant credit for this most recent block of three performances.
The point was only City's 14th on the road this season. By comparison, they have taken 34 at Ashton Gate, and only Nottingham Forest and the dreadful Rotherham have taken fewer points on the road.
Head coach Lee Johnson admitted: “That's going to be something we've definitely got to look to improve on, for sure.
“We have to hold our hands up and admit that, but there are a lot of new players in this squad who haven't seen the environments that we've been to this year in the Championship.
“The first stop is to make sure we stay in the Championship, and then we can go and build again.”
(Photo: Matt McNulty/JMP)
City did not play at Ewood Park, though, like a team who lack belief on the road.
Instead, they were bold from the outset, with their midfield particularly impressive.
Josh Brownhill caught the eye with a display that mixed turbo-charged exuberance and attacking zest with composure on the ball and a willingness to put in a shift in defence.
Johnson feels the 21-year-old is a potential star at Championship level – but the one glaring deficiency in his game reared its head at a key time in the game.
With City leading 1-0 – and with Abraham and Matty Taylor having missed noteworthy chances to double the lead – Brownhill had a golden opportunity to score following fine work by Abraham but drove weakly at David Raya.
Sixty seconds later, Blackburn – who had not threatened, bar a few hopeful free-kicks into the box from wide areas – were level when Sam Gallagher headed Elliott Bennett's cross past Frank Fielding.
As City has found out many times this season, the margins can be gossamer thin in the Championship – but the overall trend is encouraging for Johnson and his side.
The head coach deserves credit, too, for emerging from recent adversity in the manner he has.
(Photo: JMP)
Whatever was going through his mind on the way home from Deepdale a fortnight ago, he has used it to positive effect in the three subsequent games.
Having continuity in selection has helped, with City fielding the same XI for all three games, and his midfield four of Brownhill, Marlon Pack, Korey Smith and Jamie Paterson set the tone again at Ewood Park.
The four players – at 21, 26, 26 and 25 – have enough experience at this level to go with their energy, and they were the driving force behind a City performance that buzzed with promise throughout.
What remains to be seen, of course, is whether near-certain Championship survival can be used as a platform from which to build into 2017-18 – when much more will be expected of the Robins.
For now, though, they appear to be ending the season in the manner in which they began it – and the character and quality they have shown since Preston offers reassurance, at least, about the club's short-term future.
I'm not exaggerating when I say that Prime is my life. Not only do I write about hundreds of their products on a monthly basis, but I do roughly 95 percent of my personal shopping on there, too. Needless to say, in the last few years, I've come across a ton of cool AF things on Amazon Prime — so cool, in fact, that the free two-day shipping wasn't even the deciding factor; I would've bought them even if they took months to get here.
Of course, it's always an added perk, especially if you hate waiting for that brown box to show up on your stoop. It's also a must for last-minute gifts, that party outfit you forgot to shop for, and all those household problems that can't really wait to be solved. That's because, when you subscribe to Prime, over 100 million of the best, most wished for products on Amazon are eligible for 48-hour delivery without any shipping fees whatsoever.
If you're not subscribed to Prime (and you probably should!), you can try a free 30-day trial, which is useful AF for anyone who wants what they ordered right away. Psyched? Me too. Here's to all the dope things that'll be yours in two days' time.
Massachusetts Gov. Charlie Baker, a Republican, on Monday declined to weigh in on President Donald Trump's proposal to allow the death penalty for drug traffickers.
"I'd rather see the details on this. I don't know what the limits or the elements of this particular proposal are," Baker said.
Trump, a Republican, spoke about drug addiction during a speech in New Hampshire on Monday. As part of his proposal to lower the rate of opioid deaths, Trump proposed allowing the Department of Justice to prosecute some drug traffickers with the death penalty.
Bloomberg reported that critics of the proposal note that the death penalty is costly, and the president's proposal might be unconstitutional.
Massachusetts does not have the death penalty, so Baker said he sees the question as a federal issue.
Baker noted that he did file legislation that would allow district attorneys to charge drug traffickers with manslaughter if the drug leads to an overdose death. He would also create a mandatory minimum sentence of five years for anyone caught selling drugs that result in death.
"I certainly think there's plenty of evidence a lot of the folks who traffic in these drugs know they're extremely dangerous, in many cases deadly," Baker said. "I think we should try and attack that with the full force of the law."
Here are some things to know as the Nittany Lions try to stay unbeaten while the Wildcats look to pull off a surprising win:
DO IT ALL
Tops in the nation at 243.6 all-purpose yards per game, Barkley has been doing it all for Penn State. He has scored rushing, receiving and return touchdowns, and he ran back the opening kickoff 98 yards for a score against Indiana last week.
"He's got great vision, he's got great balance, he's got great speed, and he's got great toughness," Fitzgerald said. "Amazing vision, and he's just durable, he's tough. And then he catches the ball the same way; he returns the ball the same way."
RECORD IN REACH
With 4,402 yards rushing, Northwestern's Justin Jackson needs 83 to tie Damien Anderson's school record.
"Everyone keeps bringing it up a lot," he said. "Our goals as a team are to win the Big Ten West and obviously last week wasn't what we wanted."
Jackson ran for 25 yards against Wisconsin after missing practice all week because of a leg injury.
"He's obviously a really good running back," Penn State defensive end Ryan Buchholz said. "He has good size and speed for that offence, and the offensive line moves really well."
GESICKI UPDATE
Star tight end Mike Gesicki apparently will be available for Penn State. Franklin said he expects him to play after he left last week's game with an upper body injury. He exited after taking a hard hit following a short reception in the second quarter against Indiana.
TOUGH STRETCH
Penn State is off next week. After that comes a tough combo: The Nittany Lions host Michigan on Oct. 21 and visit Ohio State on the 28th.
SHAKY HAND
Northwestern quarterback Clayton Thorson completed a career-high 29 passes for 219 yards and three touchdowns against Wisconsin. But he also got picked off twice. Thorson has almost as many interceptions (five) as touchdown passes (seven).
__
More college football coverage: http://collegefootball.ap.org/ and www.Twitter.com/AP_Top25
By Andrew Seligman, The Associated Press
Cardiff City are bidding to keep the heat on Wolves at the top of the Championship as they travel to Reading on Monday evening.
The Bluebirds can move within two points of the Molineux high-fliers with victory at the Madeski Stadium.
A win would see them attain a useful six-point cushion over third-placed Bristol City as the Welsh side look to regain their place in the Premier League.
As for Reading, a victory for the Royals would see them jump into the top half and within eight points of the playoff spots.
Join Jonathan Low and our colleagues from Get Reading for all the latest updates here.
Canadian Music Week returns to assault the eardrums, livers and sleep schedules of Toronto music fans for six days straight this Tuesday and, as usual, there's far too much going on in the clubs for any one person to properly absorb.
Still, one has to try. And since combing through the hundreds of band names on the CMW schedule in search of a potentially life-changing gig or two can be an overwhelming task, we thought we'd offer a few friendly nudges in the right directions.
A word of warning, though. While a CMW wristband will get you into most of the showcases listed below, there are many gigs going on this week that only accept a limited number of band and badge holders, and others that are ticketed entirely separately. It's probably worth your while to check ahead before making the trek to the venue.
And now, your daily dose of CMW 2017 hot picks.
Tuesday
Leeds Rhinos player Stevie Ward has spoken of his relief after the "dark moments" he suffered after dislocating his shoulder ahead of his team's Super League Grand Final clash.
The in-form forward suffered the injury in last Friday's semi-final win over Hull, threatening his place in the line-up for tomorrow's game against Castleford Tigers at Old Trafford.
Leeds Rhinos forward Stevie Ward has been cleared to play after an injury.
After today being cleared for the match, he said: "It's really a relief. From almost going to hell and back on Friday [last week] with the procedure and process I had to go through - with getting my shoulder back in and waiting 10 hours - there were dark moments.
"To have a flipside like this a week later, it's quite surreal."
The 23-year-old has suffered various injuries at crucial moments over the last few years.
He added: "There's only so many times you can go through the process and miss finals and do the work all the way through the year and miss the big climax.
"There were almost thoughts of, not giving up, but moving on. I had to think about what I wanted to do.
"I was in such pain. I as in agony. And it was a long spell of agony. It was a tough time. I just had to give in to the pain and see what come of as of this week.
"I made a decision on Sunday to turn around playing, playing in the Grand Final and do my best. I made that decision and that choice and luckily it's paid off."
Speaking today at Banyan in Leeds city centre, where the team were being catered for ahead of the game, Ward also spoke about the "chilled" atmosphere ahead of the match.
teammate Anthony Mullally also said that to win the clash - his first final - would be a "dream come true".
He said: "I've heard the stories and I've seen it - it's something I've dreamed of since I was a little kid."
The prop, an Ireland international, has scored in the last three games.
President Trump telephoned Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer in an effort to revive health-care legislation, Axios reports.
“Although it's not known what Trump proposed or how Schumer responded, word traveled fast among Republican lawmakers on Capitol Hill. The initial reaction among some Republicans was consternation, even though they didn't know the upshot of the call.”
Said one well-wired Republican: “It codifies the Republicans' failure on repeal/replace and shows the President can move without hesitation or ideological impediment to make a deal with the Democratss. It depresses the Republican base turnout in the midterms, as Trump voters are further disconnected from the Congressional wing.”
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
Kim Campbell's journey with Alzheimer's disease began when her husband, country music legend Glen Campbell, was diagnosed with the degenerative condition in late 2010.
But it didn't end when the Grammy Award-winning crooner died of complications from his years-long battle on Aug. 8.
Rather than retreat from the public in her grief, Kim Campbell continues to share the lessons she learned as a spouse, caregiver and advocate. She'll offer words of wisdom and hope locally during an upcoming presentation co-sponsored by Oakwood Terrace Memory Care, Premier Senior Living LLC and the BrightFocus Foundation, a nonprofit that supports research for Alzheimer's, glaucoma and macular degeneration.
“Alzheimer's and Caregiving: An Evening with Kim Campbell,” is set for Thursday, Oct. 19, from 5:45 to 8 p.m. at Scranton Cultural Center at The Masonic Temple and will offer information and personal stories of research, clinical trials and caring for loved ones with the memory-loss disease. Admission is free.
“I'll try to educate people and remove the stigma of long-term care, (which) was one of the best things that ever happened to us,” Campbell said during a recent phone interview from her home in Nashville. “I'm really proud of my husband for bringing it out of the shadows.
“When people come up to me, they want to know early warning signs, the challenges at home and what the disease presents, different care options and support groups. I always talk about our personal journey. Millions of people have seen our documentary (“Glen Campbell: I'll Be Me”), which invited them to go along with us and see what it's like. It's resonated with the 5.4 million diagnosed and the 15 million caregivers.”
The 2014 film followed the singer on his farewell music tour and candidly displayed his struggles with Alzheimer's disease. Its theme song, “I'm Not Gonna Miss You,” won a Grammy and was nominated for an Oscar for best original song.
Campbell said her talk will share the challenges of the later stages of the disease that followed after the film ended. And like the blog she maintains, http://www.careliving.org/, she'll guide families through the timeline of caregiving and try to be a source of hope and empowerment. Being open to others, even so soon after her husband's death, is important to her own recovery, Campbell said.
“When it happened to me and we started meeting people going through this, I realized the importance of community,” she said. “The love, support and encouragement I needed was there, so I want to give that back, because I worry about my fellow caregivers.
“You can't do it alone. Otherwise, you become the second victim. I feel compelled, and I feel a responsibility for speaking out. It's important to continue advocating for a cure, because I'm at risk and so are my children.”
Several experts — including Dr. Mario Cornacchione of Geriatric Research & Consulting Group of Northeastern Pennsylvania, Janine Starinsky of Oakwood Terrace, Nancy Lynn of BrightFocus and state Secretary of Aging Teresa Osborne — will join Campbell in Scranton.
And though she knows the subject matter and realities of facing the disease may overwhelm some who fear it, Campbell advised local families to make the effort to attend to learn more.
“When we got the diagnosis, a part of me didn't want to study the late stages. I just wanted to get through each moment,” she said. “In retrospect, I know knowledge is power, and learning from someone else's experience is a lot better than learning the hard way.
“I want them to walk away with a sense of community, filled with hope, and knowing they're not alone, knowing that there are options out there and people who will walk with them through this.”
Contact the writer:
pwilding@timesshamrock.com; 570-3489100 x5369;
@pwildingTT on Twitter
If you go
What: Alzheimer's and Caregiving: An Evening with Kim Campbell
When: Thursday, Oct. 19, 5:45 to 8 p.m.
Where: Scranton Cultural Center at The Masonic Temple, 420 N. Washington Ave.
Details: Admission is free, but space is limited. To RSVP, contact Diana Campbell at dcampbell@brightfocus.org or 301-556-9343.
Rural Research and Development Corporation managing director, John Harvey.
For Australian agriculture, it's the practical that matters – practical innovation which delivers productivity gains and profitability at the farm gate.
Innovation is not confined to academics and inner city start-ups.
It is occurring all over rural and regional Australia.
It might be producing a better prawn; it could be solar-powered robots, increased irrigation efficiency, rice varieties to handle climate variability, a global first meat traceability system or a noodle created specifically for the Taiwanese palette.
It can also be a different way of thinking, or thousands of small changes that make a big difference over time.
These are just a few among the many innovations delivered over 25 years in a partnership of Australian farmers, successive governments and researchers that underpins a globally unique system for agricultural innovation, the Rural Research and Development Corporations (RRDC).
The Australian Government's National Innovation and Science Agenda came to life about a year ago focused on four pillars: culture and capital, collaboration, talent and skills, and government as an exemplar.
Last September's inaugural GrowAG summit hosted by the RRDC in Albury on the NSW-Victorian border, with the next generation of Australian agri-leaders, highlighted how agriculture is supporting this agenda.
GrowAG set out to challenge traditional views and practices, foster innovation and consider how to capitalise on developments in technology, smart business and leadership.
GrowAG also confronted the reality that we must embrace digital disruption as the “new normal”.
Technology is revolutionising the way agricultural products are made, marketed and transported, making the agricultural supply chain more precise, more profitable and more sustainable.
Advanced digital, genetic and materials science technologies improve food and fibre production, while innovative sensory systems and data analytics create highly integrated ‘farm to fork' supply chains.
Farmers can make better decisions and manage risk more effectively, while consumers are gaining greater ability to trace the origins of their food, putting production methods under the spotlight.
We have a unique research, development and extension system in Australia that is harvesting “digital disruption” and delivering real, practical benefits to Australian agribusiness ensuring these rural industries innovate, grow and prosperous.
A powerful culture that embraces and commits to rural innovation can only be a good thing, for all Australians.
Poland's Prime Minister Mateusz Morawiecki,left, greets German Chancellor Angela Merkel before talks on European Union future and security and on bilateral ties at his office in Warsaw, Poland, Monday, March 19, 2018. Merkel was sworn in for her fourth term last week. (AP Photo/Czarek Sokolowski)
Poland's Prime Minister Mateusz Morawiecki,left, greets German Chancellor Angela Merkel before talks on European Union future and security and on bilateral ties at his office in Warsaw, Poland, Monday, March 19, 2018. Merkel was sworn in for her fourth term last week. (AP Photo/Czarek Sokolowski)
WARSAW, Poland (AP) - German Chancellor Angela Merkel said Monday she would be pleased if Poland's talks with the European Union yielded a solution to the standoff over the country's rule of law record.
During a brief visit to Warsaw, Merkel said she was following the negotiations to avert unprecedented EU sanctions over changes to Poland's judiciary pushed by its conservative government.
"I would be pleased to hear the European Commission say that the talks were fruitful," Merkel said following talks with Polish Prime Minister Mateusz Morawiecki.
Morawiecki said there was "light in the tunnel" but that an agreement to resolve the dispute over Poland's judicial system "requires understanding on both sides."
The EU triggered a censure procedure in December that could lead to potential sanctions over Poland's judicial overhaul. The European Commission said at the time it was putting Poland on notice that it was at risk of contravening EU law.
However, the leaders of Poland and Germany said Monday that Europe needs unity to be strong. They stressed agreement on issues such as economic cooperation and providing more support to countries that have received the most migrants since a new wave of mass immigration got underway in 2014-2015.
"In the face of the global situation, we understand that our voice will be strong if we have a strong alliance, if we act jointly," Merkel said.
Morawiecki and Merkel also discussed Europe's response to the poisoning in Britain this month of a Russian ex-spy and his adult daughter.
Merkel said she expects European Union leaders to reach "strong conclusions" about the poisoning of Sergei Skripal and his daughter, Yulia, during a summit this week in Brussels.
Significant information points to Russia's responsibility for the nerve agent attack and it's now up to Moscow to prove it wasn't involved, the German chancellor said.
Morawiecki said the entire EU needs to give a firm response so "the Russian aggressor will know that it cannot permit itself to attack a NATO member state, an EU member state."
Russia has rejected allegations that it was behind the poisonings.
The biggest winners and losers from last night's SmackDown (May 29)
SmackDown managed to put on a good show despite often trying not to.
caesaraugustus4 ANALYST Top 5 / Top 10 30 May 2018, 18:13 IST 7.47K Share Options × Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Reddit Google+ Email
The Samoan Submission Machine got one step closer.
Last night's SmackDown managed to be a good show despite it trying many times not to be. It's a testament to how strong the blue brand's roster is right now that we still got two hours of solid content despite liberal amounts of shoddy writing and an annoying bait and switch.
Who walked out with the wind in their sails with Money in the Bank three weeks away?
Winner: Shinsuke Nakamura
Shinsuke Nakamura is so much more entertaining to watch as a heel than a babyface. Last night, he obnoxiously played up the Last Man Standing stipulation, prolonging the match with Tye Dillinger and basically taunting and torturing him because of it, though it wasn't completely one-sided. The match was actually rather good.
It probably brought Nakamura no closer to victory in June, but it would be the right decision regardless. AJ Styles' reign has more than run its course. Why is the champion being booked in a useless interview segment instead of taking revenge from last week?
He was one of the lucky ones. Mieczyslaw Kowalski, a prisoner of the Nazis at the Mittelbau-Dora concentration camp, survived to tell his story. His old uniform tells its own.
Kowalski was just 16 when he was put to work as a slave labourer, a few months before American forces liberated the camp.
He was repatriated to Poland but his uniform, along with the eating and drinking bowls with which he was issued, survived as evidence of what had gone on.
In September, they will go on display at Yorkshire's new Holocaust Exhibition and Learning Centre, and yesterday they were handed to curators at Huddersfield University, where the unit will be based, by a woman whose father may have known their former owner.
Lilian Black, chairman of the Leeds-based Holocaust Survivors' Friendship Association, negotiated the loan of objects illustrating the daily life of Holocaust victims, during a visit to the memorial sites of two former concentration camps.
Her late father, Eugene, who survived the Holocaust to build a post-war life in England, was at Mittelbau-Dora at the same time as Kowalski. The Germans used their forced labourers there to help build the V2 rocket, the first long-range guided missile.
Ms Black said: “It is critical that we preserve our legacy and make it accessible for future generations to know how thin the layers of civilisation are.”
Emma King, director of the Huddersfield centre, which has been supported with £600,000 from the Heritage Lottery Fund, said: “It is amazing to have such precious and original artefacts from the original camp settings, to be able to actually see the reality of daily life in the camps.
“It was a deeply moving and emotional experience to see and touch these items which belonged to a human being who survived and donated them. They add and enrich the documentary evidence we already have, of testimonies, photographs and recorded minutes of meetings planning the Final Solution.”
Bucs' Chris Singleton drafted by Chicago Cubs
CHARLESTON, S.C. (CSU) – Charleston Southern junior outfielder Chris Singleton was selected in the 19th round of the 2017 Major League Baseball Draft on Wednesday afternoon. The Goose Creek, S.C. native was taken with the 585th pick of the draft by the Chicago Cubs.
Singleton becomes the first CSU player taken in the MLB Draft this season and first since 2015 when left-handed pitcher Andrew Tomasovich was taken in the 21st round by the Oakland Athletics.
Singleton started all 51 games for head coach Adam Ward and was a fixture in the middle of the CSU lineup in the 2017 season. Singleton finished the year among the Big South leaders in stolen bases with 18, while also finishing among the CSU leaders in runs scored (38), doubles (10), and home runs (4). He showcased his tool set in the outfield with the junior sitting among the nation's leaders with 10 outfield assists in 2017.
For his career, Singleton has lined up in 153 games seeing time at all three outfield positions. He continues to move up the CSU record books in hits, games played, doubles, home runs, RBI, and stolen bases.
Singleton is the second Buccaneer to be selected by the Cubs in the last four seasons, joining infielder Alex Tomasovich who was taken in the 20th round of the 2014 MLB Draft.
General News of Tuesday, 24 April 2018
Source: www.ghanaweb.com
play videoMohammed Adjei Sowah did not play down the possibility of a flooding incident occurring
Mayor of Accra, Mohammed Adjei Sowah, has downplayed any possibility of Accra experiencing floods during the imminent rainy season.
He has affirmed that his outfit is fully prepared to face the heavy downpour, owing to the fact that choked gutters have been desilted.
He supported his claims with the recent downpour which, according to him, did not result in any flooding incident in Accra.
“We have prepared in far advance for the rains. We have invested heavily in desilting the drains. We have invested heavily in dredging the storm drains. And that's why it could rain for four and half hours to five hours in Accra and you will not see Accra being flooded”, the Accra Mayor stated.
He, however, did not play down the possibility of Accra being flooded, taking into consideration the rampant dumping of refuse in drains by Ghanaians.
“The truth of the matter is that you cannot guarantee tomorrow because once you continue to desilt and dredge it [the drain], then tomorrow somebody comes to dump more refuse inside. So I cannot guarantee tomorrow. It is your attitude that will guarantee tomorrow that there will not be flood in Accra”, Mr. Sowah argued.
The Mayor of Accra, Mohammed Adjei Sowah, assured Ghanaians that his outfit is working tirelessly to ensure that government's vision of making Accra the cleanest city in Africa becomes a reality.
“We are working hard towards it and we will ensure that we rid the city of the filth in Accra and we have the nice city that we all brag of”, he said.
The Ghana Meteorological Agency recently warned the authorities in major cities to clear the drains as the country is set to experience heavy rains. Director of Research and Applied Meteorology at the Agency, Samuel Yorke suggested that major drains should be desilted while outflow of some water bodies should be widened for easy flow of flood waters during a heavy downpour.
Los Angeles band Lo Moon has been on our radar since a Chris Walla (of Death Cab For Cutie fame) produced its single, "Loveless," a year ago.
Since then, they've teased their fans with another single, "This Is It," and been selected as one of three artists for public radio's emerging artist series, Slingshot.
On Friday, the Lo Moon travels east to join us for a concert at WXPN's World Cafe Live in Philadelphia. Don't miss your chance to catch this mysterious group's live performance.
Adam Christopher Borg hides from reporters outside Maroochydore Courthouse after pleading guilty to crashing into a family's car while more than five times the limit.
Adam Christopher Borg hides from reporters outside Maroochydore Courthouse after pleading guilty to crashing into a family's car while more than five times the limit. Chloe Lyons
WHEN Katrina McKenzie's family car was hit while returning home from going shopping, the lives of her husband and four children in the back seat flashed before her eyes.
After her husband removed their children from the car he went over to help the other driver, not yet knowing the crash was the result of gross intoxication.
Mrs McKenzie can no longer drive or work, her children still suffer from nightmares and are terrified to get into cars.
Drunk driver walks free from court : Adam Christopher Borg hides from reporters outside Maroochydore Courthouse after pleading guilty to crashing into a family's car while more than five times the limit.
But, Adam Christopher Borg, 28, who smashed into the family's car while more than five times the limit, won't spend a day behind bars after a Magistrate determined the community would be "better served" by Borg remaining free.
On August 5, 2017 Borg was speeding along Bli Bli Rd when he over corrected twice and hit the McKenzies' oncoming car.
Katrina McKenzie and her family were hit by Adam Christopher Borg in a serious traffic crash. Contributed
The family suffered from minor injuries and shock, but the psychological impact of the crash continue to haunt them until this day, according to Mrs McKenzie.
"I've got three kids still having nightmares, they won't sleep in their own rooms," she said outside the Maroochydore Courthouse.
"I won't drive... in my eyes it's too dangerous."
Crash victim talks outside court: Katrina McKenzie speaks to the media outside court after the man who crashed into her family's car while more than five times the limit was told he wouldn't spend a day behind bars.
When Borg was put in the back of the ambulance, he began to flail and yelled at a paramedic, "I'm going to kick you in the face", before lifting his legs up and kneeing them in the left eye.
Borg had to be sedated and when blood tested while in hospital, he returned a blood alcohol concentration reading of .267.
Just 14 days later, Borg was back at it again when he crashed through a fence on Hospital Rd, Nambour and fled the scene.
The scene of a Bli Bli Rd crash where a drunk man hit a family car on August 5, 2017. Clayton's Towing
He today pleaded guilty in Magistrates Court to single counts of failing to drive with due care and attention, failing to remain at the scene of an accident, dangerous operation of a vehicle, driving under the influence, dangerous operation of a vehicle while intoxicated, serious assault of a public officer and contravening a police direction.
Lawyer Nathan Turner told the court Borg hadn't eaten anything that day and had been drinking after work, about an hour and a half before the crash.
Magistrate Chris Callaghan said while Borg's offending was "serious", he wanted to see him contribute to the community by working at his full-time job.
Katrina McKenzie talks outside the Maroochydore Courthouse about the crash that changed her family's lives. Chloe Lyons
Borg was given a head sentence of 18 months' imprisonment with immediate parole, was disqualified from driving for 12 months and fined $600.
Borg attempted to avoid waiting reporters by covering his face with his shirt before sprinting away.
BOSTON -- Alex Cora didn't deny it -- he has inside information on how to attack the Houston Astros in their upcoming four-game series.
"I guess, yeah," Cora said with a smile on his face. "They know how I like to manage and we know how they play. At the end, the guys decide games."
Cora is particularly excited about returning to Houston -- the place where he won a World Series as a bench coach last year. He is set to get his World Series ring tomorrow ahead of the game (at 6:47 p.m., he noted), and his 15-year-old daughter will come with him on the trip.
The Red Sox manager has gotten off to a hot start with Boston, leading the majors with a 38-17 record through the first two months of the season. To Cora, that one year in Houston was integral for him to develop as a manager.
"That's why I'm here," Cora said. "I thought I was ready a few years ago. No, I wasn't. Without that year there's no chance. I can't even imagine how tough it was going to be."
Among the many things the Astros helped him learn, Cora centered in on communication as the thing he appreciated most during his time with the Astros. There was obviously going to be communication between the GM and the manager, but he learned how the medical staff, analytics staff and more communicated with the manager to help make the team better.
"One thing people don't know, people think that that organization, the Astros, you just get the information and go play," Cora said. "It's not. It doesn't work that way. There's a lot of input from the coaches. You have to do your homework. They like when you question positioning, when you question the way they're going to pitch to people. It's an interesting dynamic before games, before series. It's a lot of work. They do it right. They do it right.
"You've got to give them credit. For them to go through the whole process and to be where they're at, you start thinking about where they're at right now and what they have in the minor leagues, they're good. they're really good."
Along with Cora getting his World Series ring, the Red Sox manager intends on getting an Astros jersey signed by all of the members of last year's championship team. Cora already has the jersey packed up and ready to go, and said he still speaks frequently with some of his friends on the team.
When asked if he would hang the jersey up in his office, however, Cora knew better than to do that.
"The guys wouldn't like that," Cora said with a laugh. "Right now if they see this, they'd be like, 'Come on, cut the cord, man.'"
It's hard for Cora to completely cut the cord, however. He truly appreciates what the Astros organization did for him and his family, particularly during Hurricane Maria.
"What Mr. (Jim) Crane did for us last year for our country during Maria, was outstanding," Cora said. "That guy, sending planes, supplies and he sent another plane to get our families out of there. He got 150 people off the island right after Maria. It was him."
The Daily Coin
Rory Hall, The Daily Coin. Beginning in 1987 Rory has written over 1,000 articles and produced more than 300 videos on topics ranging from the precious metals market, economic and monetary policies, preparedness as well as geopolitical events. His articles have been published by Zerohedge, SHTFPlan, Sprott Money, GoldSilver, Silver Doctors, SGTReport, and a great many more. Rory was a producer and daily contributor at SGTReport between 2012 and 2014. He has interviewed experts such as Dr. Paul Craig Roberts, Dr. Marc Faber, Eric Sprott, Gerald Celente and Peter Schiff, to name but a few. Don't forget to visit The Daily Coin and Shadow of Truth YouTube channels to enjoy original videos and some of the best economic, precious metals, geopolitical and preparedness news from around the world.
We have been hit by the biggest corporate scandal of our time.
The resignation of billionaire Markus Jooste on Tuesday caused Steinhoff International to lose about R194-billion, and its value continues to be steadily wiped out.
The giant household goods and clothing retailer experienced these losses in only two days against looming prosecutions that may stem from investigations by German investigators probing alleged accounting fraud.
The company was given a four-point downgrade by Moody's as its share price continues to plummet.
While many of us only heard of Steinhoff when the scandal exploded this week, South Africans have every reason to be concerned about the shady transactions that may have led to Steinhoff's demise.
The group owns the local brands JD Furniture Group that houses popular brands such as Russell's, Hi-Fi Corporation and Rochester, as well as their clothing retail arm of Pep, Ackermans and Dunns. Collectively, Steinhoff employs hundreds of thousands of ordinary South Africans and it is only a matter of time before downsizing and retrenchments follow.
BJP chief Amit Shah is now on a tour of states to assess the state of the party, review the performance of BJP-led governments, and expand the party's footprint in states where it has little presence. Photo: Ramesh Pathania/Mint
Mumbai: Bharatiya Janata Party's (BJP) national president Amit Shah will be in Mumbai from 16 to 18 June to take stock of party affairs and assess the performance of the government led by his party in Maharashtra.
Shah is now on a tour of states to assess the state of the party, review the performance of BJP-led governments, and expand the party's footprint in states where it has little presence.
Shah's Mumbai visit comes in the wake of large-scale farm protests in the state that ended only when the BJP-led state government announced a farm loan waiver.
BJP functionaries said Shah will assess the political impact of the farm unrest and the response to the farm loan waiver.
“It was no secret that the farm unrest was fanned and fuelled by political parties like the Nationalist Congress Party and the Shiv Sena. Since there are no elections anywhere in Maharashtra in the near future, we have to measure the political impact of farmers' protest through other means. Shah would talk to party legislators, cadres, and ministers, to make this assessment,” a state BJP functionary said, requesting anonymity.
Shah will meet BJP legislators and state unit office-bearers at the Garware Club on 16 June, and BJP members of Parliament (MPs) on 17 June at the Sahyadri state guest house. The BJP president will hold a performance review meeting with BJP ministers in Maharashtra on 18 June at the official residence of chief minister Devendra Fadnavis, the BJP functionary said.
“This review will be done on two broad points—what has been the ministers' contribution towards growth of the party in his home district and how effectively have ministers taken the Centre's and state's schemes to the people,” said the BJP leader.
Maharashtra is the second BJP-ruled state after Uttar Pradesh to announce a farm loan waiver. While the Centre has clarified that every state has to make its own financial arrangements to pay for the loan waiver, the political impact of this sop will be borne both by the state government and the Centre at least in Maharashtra, the BJP leaders feel.
“Elections to Maharashtra assembly, if held on schedule, will take place within six months of the general elections in 2019. So, the performance of both the Modi government and the Fadnavis government will be judged on the same parameters,” said another BJP leader and minister requesting anonymity.
He, however, added that a political review of ministers' performance was also in order in case Maharashtra goes in for mid-term polls in late 2017.
“Our ties with the Shiv Sena will be a point of discussion. In 2014 elections, the BJP, Shiv Sena, and other allies together won 44 of the 48 Lok Sabha seats in Maharashtra. We cannot possibly better this performance in 2019 and holding on to even 44 would be difficult given the bitter ties with Shiv Sena and other allies. This point would come up for discussion,” the BJP minister said.
Timeline Leading Up To Release Of The Nunes Memo
The so-called "Nunes memo" has been released to the public. Joined by Washington Post reporter Philip Bump, we take a look back at how the memo came to be and why it was originally written.
MICHEL MARTIN, HOST:
We're going to start the program today with the latest news about that memo you've surely heard about released yesterday by the Republican members of the House Intelligence Committee. Those members, as well as President Trump and his supporters, are saying that the memo represents evidence of bias on the part of the FBI leadership and others investigating the president. Meanwhile, Democrats and other observers, including a number of former law enforcement and intelligence officials, say the memo is just a misleading partisan document intended to undermine the investigation into Russian meddling in the 2016 election and the allegations that the Trump campaign was involved with those efforts.
In a moment, we'll hear various perspectives on what's in the memo and what it all means. But first, we're going to take a few minutes to remember the many twists and turns that got us here. We'll let Philip Bump, national correspondent with The Washington Post, take it from here.
PHILIP BUMP: The memo was written to essentially make the case that the application for a warrant to track a man named Carter Page was politically motivated and based on incomplete or inaccurate information.
MARTIN: Carter Page, a former Trump campaign adviser who was on the FBI's radar long before he joined the Trump campaign.
BUMP: In 2013, Page actually first came to the attention of the FBI when a recording of a Russian national included mentions of Page as someone who might be susceptible to targeting by Russian intelligence agencies.
MARTIN: Then in 2016, then-candidate Trump announced that Page would be joining his campaign.
BUMP: After Page was identified as a member of Trump's team, he in July of 2016 traveled to Moscow to give a lecture. And while he was there, he eventually admitted that he met with a deputy prime minister of Russia.
MARTIN: There are a number of questions about what actually happened during that meeting.
BUMP: He says in testimony before Congress that the conversation he had with the deputy prime minister was cursory, a handshake. But he, after that meeting, sent a memo to the Trump campaign team suggesting that he and the deputy prime minister had a more extensive meeting and that the deputy prime minister had expressed support for President Trump's campaign.
MARTIN: As this is happening, a group called Fusion GPS hires a former British intelligence officer named Christopher Steele to do background research on Donald Trump.
BUMP: Fusion GPS had been hired to do that by a law firm that was working for the Democratic National Committee and the Hillary Clinton campaign. As part of Steele's research, he spoke with contacts in Russia who suggested that, in that July trip to Moscow, Carter Page had met with a senior executive from an oil and gas company called Rosneft and potentially also someone connected to the Kremlin.
MARTIN: Steele then wrote a number of reports which became part of a dossier of information, which brings us to now because this Nunes memo alleges that the FBI and Justice Department used unverified material in the Steele dossier to ask the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act, or FISA court, to authorize surveillance of Carter Page.
BUMP: It's not clear at this point the full scope of what was included in that FISA warrant application, and so it's hard to say how much of that application was dependent on the information that had been provided by Steele.
MARTIN: And that brings us to where we are now.
BUMP: Nunes' memo, whether intended or not, has been seized upon by allies and defenders of President Trump as a way to discredit the Mueller investigation. Moving forward, one of the things that will be interesting to see is the extent to which attempts to undercut the investigation led by special counsel Robert Mueller continue and what new form they take.
Copyright © 2018 NPR. All rights reserved. Visit our website terms of use and permissions pages at www.npr.org for further information.
NPR transcripts are created on a rush deadline by Verb8tm, Inc., an NPR contractor, and produced using a proprietary transcription process developed with NPR. This text may not be in its final form and may be updated or revised in the future. Accuracy and availability may vary. The authoritative record of NPR's programming is the audio record.
Copyright 2017 NPR. To see more, visit http://www.npr.org/.
ARI SHAPIRO, HOST:
Moscow has flatly denied any interference in the U.S. presidential election. The Kremlin says a recent U.S. intelligence report that accuses Russia of hacking political networks proves absolutely nothing. Journalist Andrei Soldatov has been investigating Russia's intelligence services for almost two decades, and he told NPR's Lucian Kim the U.S. report missed the real story.
LUCIAN KIM, BYLINE: I meet Andrei Soldatov in a cultural center named after the Soviet dissident and Nobel Peace Prize laureate Andrei Sakharov. The center has become one of the few places in Moscow where opponents of the Kremlin still gather. Soldatov was presenting his latest book about the Russian surveillance state which was first published in English under the title "The Red Web." When asked about the recent U.S. report on alleged Russian hacking, Soldatov agrees with the view that it was short on detail.
ANDREI SOLDATOV: For months, we expected the U.S. intelligence and law enforcement agencies to provide something new, something which would point out to a particular agency and to provide some hard evidence about how the whole thing was organized.
KIM: That's not to say Soldatov doubts that the Russian government was behind the hacking, but he thinks U.S. intelligence is overlooking what he calls the murky world of informal actors.
SOLDATOV: It's a very murky world with lots of actors, some of them formal actors, like security agencies, intelligence agencies and the military. But also, we have lots of informal actors. And these people - well, they tend to be much more dangerous. They enjoy direct access to the Kremlin. And sometimes the Kremlin uses these people, not the formal actors, to do the most sensitive operations.
KIM: Using hard-to-trace freelance operatives, Soldatov says, helps the Russian government deny involvement in covert operations. He says the freelancers infiltrate servers and email accounts over many months, collecting potentially damaging information which can then be released when it's politically expedient.
SOLDATOV: It's about a very interesting phenomenon that the information is not only stolen but also made public, which is a very Russian way of doing these things.
KIM: Soldatov and his partner, the journalist Irina Borogan, say they have faced harassment because of their work investigating the Russian security services.
SOLDATOV: It's absolutely impossible for us to be hired by Russian media for many years. And now if we need to - or we have something sensitive, first, we need to find a Western publication to get it published.
KIM: Soldatov and Borogan signed copies of their book under a large photograph of dissident Andrei Sakharov, who suffered repression under the Soviet Union. They say that Russia's new cyber-warriors are following in the tradition of the Soviet secret police, only now their weapons are passwords and computers. Lucian Kim, NPR News, Moscow.
(SOUNDBITE OF MONSTER RALLY SONG, "ORCHIDS") Transcript provided by NPR, Copyright NPR.
Russian Journalist Weighs In On Country's #MeToo Movement In Russia, a small number of women have spoken out publicly against powerful men who they say have sexually harassed them. Journalist Daria Zhuk is one of them. She says a powerful politician sexually harassed her in 2014 and that Russian women can learn from the #MeToo movement in America.
Some of us are on Facebook for hours, compulsively scrolling through pictures of other people who are on vacation, receiving an award, having a marvellous dinner out with friends, or otherwise having more fun than we are. A few people announce they're taking a break from Facebook, but most of us are too hopelessly addicted.
O'Gorman says there's a growing concept of abstinence from digital devices, or as he puts it in his new article in the Atlantic magazine, "digital temperance."
France has now outlawed smartphone use in public schools. Some inventors have created locked boxes that offer a compromise: Your phone is safe and close by, but not accessible. "You can hold it, but you can't use it," O'Gorman writes.
Some performing artists such as comedian Chris Rock require audience members to lock their phones away in a pouch they take with them into the show, O'Gorman said.
This ensures the full attention of the audience, and prevents bootleg videos from being made. The pouch is unlocked afterwards, using technology similar to stores as they remove anti-theft tags off expensive clothing after you've purchased it.
But that's pretty heavy-handed, O'Gorman says, and "doesn't teach any kind of self-control."
He has a different idea.
Next week, O'Gorman will be at St. Mary's High School in Kitchener for an experiment in unplugging. With some assistants, he will teach several hundred high school students to make their own "resistor case," in which to store their phones.
He hopes students will value the cases more because they'll be making them themselves. Each case has a clasp that uses Velcro, which makes a really loud noise when you open it. It's up to students whether the case is opened or stays closed, but others are watching — and listening.
O'Gorman sees the benefits of technology. But he understands that, as is said of fire, it's a good servant and a bad master. If technology is going to define our lives, then we should have a say, he argues.
"It shouldn't be a 19-year-old engineer at a startup deciding what we're going to be using."
ldamato@therecord.com , Twitter: @DamatoRecord
PARIS — A young American man tried an underhand serve while cramping during a five-setter at the French Open. Hmm. Seen that before, haven't we?
Except there was one key difference this time: For 21-year-old Jared Donaldson against No. 4-seed Grigor Dimitrov on Wednesday, unlike for 17-year-old — and eventual tournament champion — Michael Chang against Ivan Lendl in 1989, the unorthodox strategy didn't come in a victory.
Dimitrov came back to beat the 57th-ranked Donaldson 6-7 (2), 6-4, 4-6, 6-4, 10-8 in a second-round match that lasted 4 hours, 19 minutes on the new Court 18 at Roland Garros. The most memorable aspect was Donaldson's two unusual service motions; he won the point the first time, but not the other.
"I would never try it if I was feeling 100 per cent and stuff," said Donaldson, who could barely move by the end because of painful cramps in his legs. "But obviously Grigor was playing so far back on the return that I felt like, 'You know, maybe it's just something that I'll try.' He obviously wasn't expecting it, you know what I mean? It's kind of a cheeky way to get a point."
Donaldson said he has never seen footage of what Chang did 29 years ago. He did, however, know of the episode: Chang used an underhand serve while cramping during a fourth-round win over Lendl on the way to the French Open title; he remains the youngest man to win a major singles championship.
Dimitrov was not angered by the tactic.
Quite the opposite, actually, shrugging his shoulders and conceding it was smart for Donaldson to try it.
"It was beautiful, right?" Dimitrov said. "He wanted to use something different to kind of try to put me off guard."
Before his first underhand attempt, Donaldson was actually two points from the victory, leading 6-5 in the fifth set and at love-30 on Dimitrov's serve. But Dimitrov took the next four points.
In the next game, at 6-all, 40-30, Donaldson successfully used the underhand motion. He hit a short serve that two-time Grand Slam semifinalist Dimitrov returned long to allow Donaldson to hold.
Scroll for more content...
The teenage soccer team trapped in a cave system in northern Thailand will spend another night almost a kilometer underground, after officials coordinating the rescue said they won't attempt to move them before Thursday.
New video released by the Thai Navy SEALs Wednesday showed the boys wrapped in foil blankets for warmth, as they speak up one by one, introducing themselves and saying "I am healthy." One said "thank you" to everyone who is waiting for their rescue.
Claus Rasmussen, who is part of the rescue team, said the boys have told divers they heard dogs barking, a rooster crowing and children playing. That information now has teams looking at whether there is a chimney or hole they can access instead of trying to get the boys out through the water.
At least one plan to bring the boys back to the surface include having the teammates, aged 11 to 16, and their 25-year-old coach, dive through the narrow flooded tunnels in full-face diving masks.
The plight of the boys and their coach has captured the world's attention. Former Real Madrid and Brazil soccer legend Ronaldo spoke to CNN at an event in Russia about the soccer team.
"It's terrible news and the world of football hopes that someone can find a way to take these kids out of there," he said.
Austria and Leicester City star Christian Fuchs sent a video message of support Wednesday.
"We have very strong ties with the country of Thailand, I'm closely following the rescue efforts to secure the lives of the 12 players and their coach," said Fuchs. "I wish everybody all the best with their rescue efforts and I'm sure everything will be turning out well. Be strong."
Fuchs won the Premier League title with Thai-owned Leicester in 2016.
"Hi, I'm Christian Fuchs from English Premier League team, Leicester City Football Club. We have very strong ties with the country of Thailand, I'm closely following the rescue efforts to secure the lives of the 12-players and their coach. I wish everybody all the best with their rescue efforts and I'm sure everything will be turning out well. Be strong."
In a press conference Wednesday morning, Chiang Rai governor Narongsak Osottanakorn said it would be "difficult" to bring them out Wednesday. He said he didn't want to give an estimate on when they could be brought out and be reunited with their families.
"All I can say is everyone is working very hard here. Everyone is working their hardest. They haven't rested since day one," he said.
To keep the boys' spirits up, authorities are attempting to set up phone lines inside the cave to allow them to talk to their parents.
However, attempts to install the cables have been unsuccessful so far, Maj. Gen. Bancha Duriyaphan said. One cable suffered water damage as divers transported it "around small passages." Teams are attempting to take in a new one.
"When the telephone line is ready, we will have relatives talk to them. The pressure will be immensely reduced," Maj. Gen. Chalongchai Chaiyakum, another military spokesman, said.
Ticking clock
It's now been over 36 hours since the boys were first located by two British divers, and while SEAL divers have been able to reach them with food and medicine, conditions mean it's currently too risky to bring them out the same way the divers came in.
It's is a long, hazardous dive, even for the experienced Navy SEAL divers.
Why will it take so long to rescue the trapped Thai soccer team?
Seven of the navy team, including a doctor and nurse, spent Tuesday night in the dark with the boys and their coach, who have been trapped inside the cave since June 23. The insignia of the SEALs has been etched onto a rock face in the cave, video from the group's Facebook page shows.
Initial medical check-ups showed the boys to be in good health. Video showed some being treated for scrapes and mild rashes.
The doctor, Lt. Col. Park Loharachun, hasn't left the boys' side since diving into the cavern.
The divers are making the complicated dive back and forth to the small, cramped shelf where the boys have sheltered within the flooded cave complex. The group has been given high-protein gels to rebuild their strength.
After the initial contact with the British divers -- two volunteer specialists who flew in to help with the search -- the SEAL team returned to give the boys a meal of grilled pork and sticky rice, along with milk.
The focus now is on getting the teammates ready for the journey ahead. On Wednesday, the children -- some of whom can't swim -- practiced wearing the full-face oxygen masks they'll need to wear to survive the journey out.
They've tried using the equipment and breathing with it, but haven't been submerged in the flood water, Osottanakorn said, as currents are too strong.
The plan is to bring them out at different times, depending on their strength.
"They don't have to leave all at once. Those who are ready can come out first. We are reassessing the situation daily. We have to see they are ready. Therefore if we found any risk we won't carry out the (evacuation) plan," he added.
A sense of urgency persists with unpredictable weather and the threat of more rain that could further flood the chambers. The governor said water is still being pumped out of the cave "at full speed" to reduce water levels.
Days of relatively fine weather have given rescuers a window to prepare for the moment the boys eventually emerge from the cave. Soldiers dressed in green fatigues practiced evacuation drills, linking arms to form a human wall around the mouth of the cave.
Thailand cave rescue: The health toll of waiting for freedom
Difficult rescue
Debate remains over the best way to bring the boys to safety.
Given their weakness after a week with no food, trapped in the dark, and their unfamiliarity with scuba systems, some experts say it's too difficult to bring a group of novices through a cave system that has made even caving experts nervous.
Cade Courtley, a former US Navy SEAL and author of the "SEAL Survival Guide" told CNN that he "was part of a very special dive unit and this would be a challenging dive for me and my team... now you're going to ask 11 to 15-year-olds -- some of whom cannot swim -- to make that same journey for the first time breathing air underwater?"
The rescue in Thailand is "one of the toughest I've seen," Anmar Mirza, national coordinator of the National Cave Rescue Commission and a rescue diver with 30 years' experience, told CNN.
The most dangerous option, he said, "is trying to teach them enough diving skills to dive them out. It's physically strenuous: in water, through blackout conditions, through tight squeezes for hundreds of meters."
"It's something that skilled cave divers spend hundreds of hours training for after they have already been open water divers for quite some time," he told CNN. "A moment of panic or loss of the breathing regulator can be fatal for the novice diver, and may also put the cave diver escorting him in danger."
Chelsea outcast Costa 'loved' by team-mates
Antonio Conte has frozen Diego Costa out of his plans this season, but the Chelsea outcast feels loved by his team-mates.
by Omnisport News 14 Aug 2017, 12:36 IST
Chelsea striker Diego Costa celebrates goal against Hull City
Diego Costa insists he is feeling the love of his Chelsea team-mates despite being frozen out of Antonio Conte's plans this season.
The Spain striker, who scored 20 goals in the Blues' title-winning campaign last time out, has been exiled this term and watched the club's shock 3-2 opening-day loss to Burnley from his hometown of Lagarto in Brazil.
Costa has claimed that Conte told him via text in June that he was no longer wanted, while the Stamford Bridge club say the 28-year-old was made aware of their plans in January.
Amid all the acrimony, Costa is heartened to have the support of his playing colleagues.
"When the manager does not want you, you have to go," he told The Daily Mail.
"If you were to ask all my team-mates, they'd say the same. They send messages saying 'I miss you' and that they love me.
"I am always talking with the boys - particularly Cesc Fabregas, David Luiz and Willian. We have banter over WhatsApp.
"They ask how I am. They really love me for the person I am. If they didn't, they wouldn't be saying they miss me and love me."
Orlando Pirates player Happy Jele said he has learnt his lesson following the end of his court case last week.
Jele, 30, made a brief appearance in the Randburg Magistrate's Court on charges of reckless driving after he was arrested for doing a 223km/h on the M1 highway near Sandton in September.
The Mpumalanga-born player was almost slapped with a warrant of arrest after he arrived late to court.
× List of restaurants participating in the ‘Dine Out' for officer Matt Crosby
ST. LOUIS, MO (KTVI) – You can eat out and help raise money for a former Rock Hill police officer. Matt Crosby was shot and paralyzed while on duty in 2010.
The goal is to raise enough money to build him a wheelchair accessible home. The dine-out event is on Thursday January 12th.
Dine Out for Matt Crosby participants are posted below. The percentage of sales pledged to be donated on January 12th is also listed:
Racanellis New York Pizzeria, Webster Groves 10% all day
Sushi Station, Webster Groves 20% all day- Dine in and carry out
Llywelyn's Pub, Webster Groves 20% all day
Fredddies Market, Webster Groves 10% all day- all sales
Lubeley's Bakery and Deli 10% all day
FroYo, Webster Groves 10% all day
HWY 61 Road House, Webster Groves 10% 4pm-close
Jimmy John's Gourmet Sandwiches, Webster Groves 10% all day
Yolklore, Webster Groves 10% all day
Trainwreck Saloon, Rock Hill 10% all day
Slider House, Rock Hill 20% PLUS a $2,500 donation all day
Papa Murphy's Take ‘N Bake Pizza, Rock Hill 10% all day
St. Louis Wing Company, Rock Hill 10% 5-9 pm
Hacienda, Rock Hill 10% 4-9 pm
El Indio, Rock Hill 10% all day
Katie's Pizza, Rock Hill 20% all day
Breadsmith, Warson Woods 50% all day
J Greene's Pub, Warson Woods 10% all day
Cousin Hugos, Maplewood at least 10%, likely more, depending upon sales that day all day
The Post Sports Bar & Grill, Maplewood 10% lunch hours, (11 a.m-2 p.m.)
Boogaloo, Cubano . Creole.Caribe, Maplewood 10% all day
Kirkwood Station Brewing Co, Kirkwood 10% all day
Oberweis Ice Cream and Dairy Store, Kirkwood 10% all day
The Wood Cask, Kirkwood 10% 3 pm- close
Kirkwood Brewhouse, Kirkwood 10% all day
Texas Roadhouse, Kirkwood 10% 4-10 pm
Three Kings Public House, Des Peres 10% all day
Which Wich Superior Sandwiches, Des Peres 20% 4 pm-close
Byrd & Barrel Gourmet Chicken Fast, Jefferson Ave, St. louis 10% all day
Firehouse Bar & Grill, Mehlville 10% all day
Parrot's bar & Grill, St. Peters 20% 3pm-close
Shamrocks Pub N Grill, St. Peters 10% all day
Gettemeiers, St Peters 10% all day
Frank & Helen's Pizzeria, University City 20% all day
Blue Sky, Brentwood 10% all day
Barrister's, Clayton 10% all day
Cannolis, Florissant 10% all day
Hendels, Florissant 10% all day
Gettemeiers, Florissant 10% all day
Houlihan's Creve Coeur 10% all day
Blue Sky, O'Fallon 10% all day
The Post Sports Bar & Grill, Creve Coeur 10% lunch hours, (11 a.m-2 p.m.)
Shawnee Bluff Winery, Lake Ozark, Mo. 20% all day
More information: http://www.dineoutmattcrosby.com/
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
Al T. Hughes
A Scranton funeral director accused of stealing about $1.25 million from his partners is facing additional tax charges.
Federal prosecutors recently obtained a second indictment against Al T. Hughes, charging him with four counts of subscribing to a false tax return. The charges are in addition to four counts of tax evasion lodged against Hughes on Jan. 20, 2017.
Hughes owns Thomas J. Hughes Funeral Home and Eagen-Hughes Funeral Home. He also split the operation of two Scranton funeral homes, the McGoff-Hughes Funeral Home and the Davies & Jones Funeral Chapel.
The original indictment alleges that from 2009 to 2014, Hughes cashed hundreds of customer checks intended for payment of funeral services and deposited them into his own account for his personal benefit. He failed to inform the other person involved in the funeral homes, who is not identified, that he diverted the money, and knowingly caused the businesses to underreport income, the indictment says.
Hughes is not charged with any crime related to the thefts. The federal charges relate to his failure to report income. The indictment said he had income of about $1.25 million but reported only $268,164. The second indictment does not detail additional conduct Hughes is suspected of committing to warrant the new charges.
Hughes is scheduled to be arraigned on the new charges Wednesday at 10:30 a.m. before U.S. Magistrate Judge Karoline Mehalchick.
Contact the writer:
tbesecker@timesshamrock.com;
570-348-9137;
@tmbeseckerTT on Twitter
SPRINGFIELD - An early Monday fire on Ozark Street in the city's Forest Park neighborhood caused an estimated $50,000 damage to two garages and damaged three vehicles, according to a fire department spokesman.
Dennis Leger, aide to Fire Commissioner Joseph Conant, said the fire was reported shortly before 4 a.m.
Firefighters found two two-car garages in the rear of 35-37 Ozark and 41-43 Ozark on fire, he said. The fire apparently started at the 35-37 Ozark garage and spread to the other, Leger said.
Both garages are detached and the fire did not spread to any nearby homes.
A Dodge Caravan parked in front of 35-37 Ozark was damaged, as were two vehicles a Chevy Cobalt and a Dodge Neon, parked in front of the 41-43 Ozark garage.
Leger estimated each garage sustained approximately $25,000 damage.
The fire remains under investigation.
Ozark Street is located between White Street and Grand Street, and is near White Street.
4 to 6 tablespoons mild oil, such as canola
1 yellow onion, chopped
Freshly ground black pepper
2 teaspoons ground toasted fennel seeds
1 teaspoon chili powder
1 cup drained and rinsed cooked chickpeas (canned is fine)
1 teaspoon white wine vinegar
1/2 cup coarse breadcrumbs
3/4 cup walnuts, toasted, crushed (a molcajete is useful)
Juice of 1 lemon
1 tablespoon chopped fresh parsley
1 tablespoon hot chili sauce
2 tablespoons potato starch or cornstarch
8 toasted hamburger buns
Shredded lettuce, sliced pickles and other burger fixins
1. Boil: In a small saucepan, stir together quinoa, 1 1/2 cups water and 1/4 teaspoon salt. Bring to a boil, lower to a simmer, cover and cook fluffy, 20 to 25 minutes. Turn out into a large mixing bowl. Let cool.
2. Roast: Meanwhile, toss carrots with 1 tablespoon oil and 1 pinch salt. Spread out on a baking sheet, and roast at 425 degrees until soft and dark around the edges, about 20 minutes. Let cool.
3. Brown: In a medium skillet, heat 2 tablespoons oil over medium. Tumble in onion, and cook, stirring, until lightly browned, 6 to 8 minutes. Season with 1/2 teaspoon salt, 1/4 teaspoon pepper, the fennel and chili powder. Stir in chickpeas, and cook until very soft, 5 to 10 minutes. Deglaze with the vinegar.
4. Mix: Roughly mash chickpea mix with a potato masher or the back of a wooden spoon. Stir into cooled quinoa. Stir in carrots, breadcrumbs, walnuts, lemon juice, parsley and chili sauce. Add salt and pepper as needed. Whisk potato starch or cornstarch with 1 tablespoon water. Stir in this slurry (or knead in by hand).
5. Sizzle: Shape 8 patties. Heat about 1 tablespoon oil in a cast-iron skillet. Brown burgers, about 3 minutes per side, adding more oil as needed. Serve on buns with fixins.
Andro Plus Male Enhancement Solar power operates gadgets and so on. So purchasing know that your snow storm is on top of the way. do yourself the following favor and complications a lot of time of your morning commute by just flopping a sheet over your windshield and pulling it heli-copter flight next period. You'll be thankful you did. anyone won't want to sit outside freezing while scrapping the windshield down from. http://www.strongtesterone.com/andro-plus-male-enhancement/
OTTAWA — The Liberal government is planning to introduce long-promised legislation as early as Tuesday to strengthen controls on the sale, licensing and tracing of guns.
The Liberals are bracing for political pushback from the Conservatives, as the bill would repeal some measures passed by the previous government.
The bill is expected to fulfil Liberal election platform promises to enhance background checks for anyone buying a handgun or other restricted firearm, as well as require purchasers to present a valid licence.
The Liberals also pledged to require vendors to keep records of all firearms inventory and sales to assist police in investigating gun trafficking and other firearms-related crimes.
Kids are terrified of the weirdest things. According to my parents, when I was a toddler, I had a deep-seated fear of clowns. I can't explain this to you: I don't remember it, I don't understand it, and yet, I totally believe it — because I still think clowns are creepy AF.
According to Kidshealth.org, fear stems from the time we are infants, and is a response powered by evolutionary survival instincts whenever we feel endangered, threatened, or unsafe. Fear can therefore be helpful, as it can protect you from things that might bring you harm, but it can also lead you to avoid situations you associate with fear. Avoiding something will only cause the fear to grow. When you're a kid, many unfamiliar situations are startling or scary, but as you grow up, you will most likely learn to conquer these fears as they become more familiar.
Recently, people shared the weirdest things that scared them as kids on Twitter, from pianos that could chase you down to the stairs to what could happen if you looked in the mirror for too long, If some of these memories below don't still send a shiver down your spine, they'll at least make you giggle.
1 An Untucked Teddy Bear This legitimately sounds like something out of a horror film.
2 Baby There's A Shark In The Water I totally thought this too. Every time a shadow hit the water.
3 Mirror Mirror On The Wall That is super creepy. I wouldn't trust reflection-me for a second.
4 Late Night Frights Sometimes, when I can't fall asleep at night, I still feel this way!
5 Window Vamps and Mind Readers Can you imagine if your thoughts popped up above your head like speech bubbles? Sounds like an episode of Black Mirror.
6 Keep Your Belly Button Tied Tight OK, how exactly would that work?
7 Pummeled By Electricity Rods Now that you mention it, they do like rather eerie...
8 Running With The Wolves This was clearly a pre-Twilight Era fear. Who wouldn't want to run away with Jacob?
9 Toilet Tsunamis This is hilarious. I grew up in a super tall apartment building, so at least that gave me peace of mind — it would take a lot of toilets.
10 Letting Your Limbs Out From Under The Covers This is a very real adult fear. The second your foot is outside of the safety and comfort of your sheets, it'll surely get snatched up by the monster that lives under the bed.
11 Being Buried Alive This is a terrifying thought, and definitely something depicted in movies way too often.
12 Being Devoured By A Whale But couldn't you just live in it's belly, like Pinocchio?
13 The Ghost Writer & The Ghost There's definitely a Lifetime made-for-TV movie in there somewhere.
14 Life Is A Never-Ending Highway This is a very relatable fear — driving on highways is so scary! Drivers can be so reckless!
VANCOUVER — A man who was acquitted of terrorism-related charges for posting online comments celebrating lone-wolf terrorists will remain locked up in British Columbia after the Immigration and Refugee Board ruled his release would endanger the public.
Adjudicator Trent Cook of the board's immigration division said Thursday in an oral ruling that Othman Hamdan's behaviour and online activity make it necessary to keep him incarcerated pending the outcome of an immigration review.
"While your posts may not be criminal, I cannot pretend that they do not exist. Nor can I ignore the impact that I think they are likely to have on those who read them and in turn on the Canadian public," Cook told Hamdan.
"In my view, anyone who actively promotes and calls on people to engage in terrorist activity is engaging in behaviour and conduct that puts the Canadian public in danger, regardless of if that conduct meets the standard necessary to obtain a criminal conviction."
A date has not yet been set for Hamdan's admissibility hearing to determine if he should remain in Canada.
Hamdan, 35, is a Jordanian national of Palestinian descent who came to B.C. after living in the United States and was granted refugee status following the 9/11 terrorist attacks.
A B.C. Supreme Court judge found Hamdan not guilty in September of allegations of encouraging murder, assault, and instructing a person to carry out a terrorist activity, ruling that Hamdan's comments might be offensive but they didn't constitute inciting terrorism.
The allegations stemmed from 85 Facebook posts between September 2014 and July 2015, one of which reads, "Lone wolves, we salute you."
"He was trying to highlight what he perceived to be hypocrisy and injustice, support some of the actions of (the Islamic State) in its defence of Sunni Muslims in Iraq and Syria and promote discussion about these issues," B.C. Supreme Court Justice Bruce Butler said of Hamdan in his ruling last month.
At the time of his arrest in July 2015, Hamdan was living in the northern B.C. community of Fort St. John. He described himself in court as a non-practising Sunni Muslim.
It's cleanup time at Santa's Workshop. (Photo: Jodi Pree/Correspondent)
12.09.17
Santa's Workshop at Mackle Park
Marco Island Parks & Recreation hosted Santa's Workshop from 9 a.m. until noon at the new Mackle Park Community Center. Children ranging in grades K-5 entered their very own workshop complete with several elves to help with their projects. The youngsters busily worked on 12 different Christmas craft projects; 11 of which they got to take home. The final project, a gingerbread house, was happily devoured at the end of the busy morning. For more Christmas Island Style or community events go to christmasislandstyle.com and cityofmarcoisland.com.
Read or Share this story: http://www.marconews.com/story/life/2017/12/11/social-scene-12-projects-christmas-santas-workshop/939748001/
2017 Hyundai Tuscon SE Stock number H1031.
Black Exterior, Cruise Control, Back up Camera, Fog Lights
Roof Rack, LED Headlamps and Daytime running lights
Power Seats, and Cargo Cover. After rebates and discounts buy for
only $22,549 or $309/month with approved credit.
Check it out today at Pantili Hyundai on Oakvale Rd. in Princeton.
And of course Antifa Communists just had to show up to cause trouble.Note the guy in the blue Navy hoodie, single handedly taking on about 8 antifa agitators. Also note the police rush in to break it up after about 30 seconds, when it's clear the Trump people are winning.Controversial Portland Police Sergeant Chadd Stensgaard can be seen berating the man known as "Tiny", the giant pro Trump Samoan dude. Something about "stay on your side of the street," as Tiny tries to wash pepper spray out of his eyes. Tiny was subsequently arrested for this , booked on Disorderly Conduct, Harassment, and Assault IV charges.You can see well known communist agitator Luis Marquez berating Joey Gibson and Portland Police. It's evident that the Portland Police were there to protect Marquez and his band of masked commies.Big city police prove, once again, that there are two sets of laws;At some point, the "right wing" folks in big cities will come to realize that the police are not there to protect the public or to protect anyone's rights.
5 Things you need to know about Amanda Nunes
Everything you need to know about the woman who beat Ronda Rousey.
@pratyayghSK by Pratyay Ghosh Top 5 / Top 10 02 Jan 2017, 17:54 IST
Amanda Nunes beat Ronda Rousey in just 48 seconds
At UFC 207, MMA fans were enthralled with the return of former champion Ronda Rousey. Four days later, Rousey is at the wayside as the MMA world cuddles up to its latest darling, Amanda Nunes.
Nunes wasn't concerned with the hype surrounding the returning Rousey, whom she'd called a “movie star” during the build-up to the fight before beating her via TKO, just 48 seconds in. That's the kind of confidence that makes a star, and Amanda Nunes is a star.
There was never any moment in the fight where Rousey really looked like she'd put up any resistance, albeit with the fight being just 48 seconds long she never really had time to settle in. Nunes was in control throughout, landing punch after punch on UFC's former darling before Herb Dean finally called the fight.
Retirement seems next on the cards for Rousey as she looks to transition into pop culture and Nunes walks away with not just the nickname “Lioness”, but the reputation of one.
With that being said, here are 5 things you need to know about the current UFC Women's Bantamweight Champion.
#5 She's the first openly gay UFC Champion
Amanda Nunes is openly gay
Amanda Nunes made history at UFC 200. She dominated Meisha Tate to win the UFC Women's Bantamweight Championship that night, after making Tate submit to a rear-naked choke. By winning, Amanda Nunes became the first openly gay champion in the history of the UFC.
Her first title defence came last weekend at UFC 207, when she defeated Ronda Rousey by TKO in just 48 seconds.
Amanda Nunes with Nina Ansaroff
Nunes is currently dating fellow UFC fighter Nina Ansaroff. The pair met when Nunes still lived and trained in her local gym. With Nunes' english still poor, they started off communicating via Google Translate. As far as the future is concerned, the couple plans to get married and adopt a child after finally hanging up their gloves.
VANCOUVER—How how do you maximize health for the greatest number of people? That's the question British Columbia author Andrew MacLeod asks in his latest book — and his answers don't have to do with the health-care system at all. In All Together Healthy: A Canadian Wellness Revolution, MacLeod suggests that instead of investing in the health-care system, Canada should turn its attention to investing in the things that have been shown to have the greatest impacts on long-term health, like income supports, housing, and education.
Author and journalist Andrew MacLeod has published a new book called ‘All Together Healthy: A Canadian Wellness Revolution,' which looks at how to improve the health-care system so it makes everyone healthier. ( Submitted by Annie MacLeod )
“There's always pressure to spend more on the health-care system; we already spend 11 per cent domestic income on it,” he said. MacLeod said that, instead, we should put our money into solving economic and environmental inequality, which has the greatest impact on health outcomes. “If everyone was as healthy as the richest 20 per cent of Canadians, there would be 40 per cent fewer deaths per year,” said MacLeod. He gave the example of diabetes, which consistently has a higher incidence rate in populations with lower incomes.
Article Continued Below
In the course of his research, it became clear to MacLeod that a lifetime of good health starts in childhood, in the first five to seven years of life. If children have access to things like better food, housing and education, then they will have better health throughout their lifetimes, he said. “For every dollar you spend in early childhood, you save seven dollars later,” he said. “It's about setting conditions for better health in childhood and for families, otherwise you spend money dealing with the poor outcomes.” Child tax benefits, which provide funding based on income, and progressive taxation on families are just some of the policies that can help lower-income families and in turn the overall health of children. But better policies could be put into place to create better health outcomes for children in care, he said. “We have a system where kids growing up in care are five times more likely to die early,” he said, referring to a recent report by the Coroners Service of British Columbia. “We will take them into care even if we know the outcomes aren't good there” One of MacLeod's major recommendations is to include considerations about health impacts in every type of government policy, and he believes it's possible to start that change in motion.
“I do think we're at a moment where there is some possibility of change. Federally, people are talking about the same kinds of things, raising questions around affordability and poverty, which impact health.” Seth Klein, director of the B.C. office of the Canadian Centre for Policy Alternatives, said that MacLeod's take on health care is supported by years of research into the social determinants of health. He said that inequality harms everyone, even the rich.
Article Continued Below
“The reasons for fighting poverty and inequality aren't just for someone else ... Not only do more unequal societies have worse health for the poor, they have worse health for the rich,” Klein said. “It creates a kind of psychosocial stress that is harmful to the mental health of all of us.” Klein said that “anything and everything” that highlights the importance of social determinants is relevant to improving health outcomes. “We find these consistent patterns that connected inequality to all kinds of social and health ills,” he said. Cherise Seucharan is a Vancouver-based reporter covering health and safety/youth. Follow her on Twitter: @CSeucharan
Read more about:
Don McKeon of Scranton spent countless hours searching centuries-old baptismal records, census listings, death notices and cemetery documents to trace his family roots.
An avid genealogist, the retired city housing inspector reveled in the painstaking process. He's among many people who enjoy learning about their ethnic heritage, but some lack the time to do so.
Now, thanks to at-home DNA testing kits, answers to some of their questions are just a saliva sample away.
First offered around 2006, the kits exploded in popularity in recent years as technology improved and prices dropped, said Andy Faucett, a genetics counselor and director of policy and education for Geisinger Health System.
Today, a number of companies offer the kits, providing
consumers a quick, easy and inexpensive way to explore their ancestral past.
“A lot of people spend a lot of time investigating their family tree. They go looking into court documents, records and cemeteries to find their relatives. This is another way to look,” Mr. Faucett said.
Genetics experts generally approve of the tests for people who simply want to learn more about their ethnic heritage.
“If you are curious and just looking for entertainment, they can be very useful,” said Jennifer Wagner, PhD., associate director of bioethics research for Geisinger Health System.
Users provide a saliva sample either by swabbing their mouth or spitting into a tube. Most receive their results within a few weeks. A recent search of the internet shows the cost of some of the most popular tests ranges from $59 to $119.
The tests appeal to genealogy buffs like Mr. McKeon, as well as adoptees searching for biological relatives and those who are simply curious, like Amanda Shedlock of West Pittston.
Mrs. Shedlock, 47, said she had some interest in searching her family tree, but didn't have much time to dedicate to it and didn't get very far. One of her friends took a DNA test, so she decided to give it at try.
She chose a test offered by Ancestry.com, one of the more well-known kits on the market. Other popular kits include 23andme, Family Finder and Myheritage.
Mrs. Shedlock, whose maiden name is Alzemi, grew up thinking she was 75 percent Italian and 25 percent Albanian. She was “floored” when the results showed she was just 58 percent Italian/Greek. Even more perplexing, she said, she learned she's 20 percent Middle Eastern, 10 percent Switzerland/Netherlands and has a tad of Indian and Irish ancestry as well.
“I was like, ‘whoa',” she said. “I thought I'd at least be 100 percent European.”
Mr. McKeon, 63, already had substantial information about his family roots that he unearthed the old fashioned way. He traced his paternal grandfather's family back to the early 1800s in Ireland. He was having a tougher time finding information about his paternal grandmother, however. He decided to take a test offered by Family Finder.
The kit revealed his genetic makeup was 69 percent British Isles, which includes Ireland and Scotland, and 23 percent Eastern European, which includes Poland and Lithuania.
That confirmed information he already had. For him, the more exciting part was the list of potential relatives it provided, he said.
Family Finder and other popular sites maintain a database of genetic information of millions of clients who provided it a DNA sample. With clients' permission, it provides contact information for those with a genetic match and gives the users a degree of probability that they are related. For instance, Mr. McKeon's test identified people who might be a second to fourth cousin, he said.
That information was useful, he said, but he cautioned people should not expect the test to provide a definitive answer on how you are related to a given person.
“It is a tool, but it's only a tool,” Mr. McKeon said. “It will say the likelihood you are connected to a person is high, but you have to do legwork to see how you are connected. It does not tell you that.”
Some companies offer an additional test that identifies if a person is a carrier of a genetic variant for certain inherited conditions, such as cystic fibrosis. Carriers don't typically have the condition, but can pass it on to their children under certain circumstances.
Dr. Wagner and Mr. Faucett said there are some concern users may not fully understand that information. They caution users not to rely solely on those tests in making health care decisions.
“They are dangerous if you are looking to them as a replacement for medical genetic testing,” Dr. Wagner said. “If that is your purpose, you are better off going to a medical provider to get the test done.”
They suggest consumers do research before they decide which company to use. Some important issues include the degree of customer support the company offers.
“You need to know a little about the company to make sure you are using the appropriate one,” Mr. Faucett said. “Who is behind it? What is their customer support? If you have a question, will someone answer you?”
Consumers should also make sure they understand the company's policy regarding the sharing of information it collects.
“You want to understand how much information is shared and what kind of controls you have,” Dr. Wagner said.
And be prepared to deal with the possibility the test may tell you something you didn't know.
“What if I find out I have German ancestry when I think I'm Irish?” Dr. Wagner said.
Contact the writer:
tbesecker@timesshamrock.com
@tmbeseckerTT on Twitter
(Yonhap)
Some 200,000 teenagers will vote in a mock presidential election on May 9, in show of their protest against the country's law denying them suffrage, teen advocate groups said Tuesday.“Our society defines politics as ‘rated R' that youths should not be interested in, despite everything from school desks to employment being related to politics,” said the North Jeolla chapter of “the movement for the 19th South Korean president voted by youths,” upon its launch.“In order to urge the suffrage of 18-year-old youths, which failed to pass the National Assembly in February, we youths decided to elect a president by mock election on the May 9 polling day,” it said.Under the current law, South Koreans aged 19 or older are eligible to vote in the upcoming presidential election.The mock election, organized by YMCA Korea, will take place at designated polling stations nationwide on the day of the real election. Prior to the mock election, online voting will be held from May 4 for two days.The group hopes to present a fake certificate of election directly to the chosen candidate.By Byun Hee-jin (hjbandi9@heraldcorp.com)
Beckham's latest Miami stadium plan targets golf course
Associated Press FOLLOW NEWS News 33 // 04 Jul 2018, 20:13 IST SHARE Share Options × Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Reddit Google+ Email
MIAMI (AP) — David Beckham's latest soccer plan for Miami might be decided by the city's voters.
His target: a golf course.
Beckham is scheduled to appear before the Miami city commission next week as he and his partners aim to move closer to picking a stadium location for their Major League Soccer franchise. The Beckham group's latest proposal calls for a 28,000-seat stadium on the site of what is now the Melreese Country Club, a public golf course owned by the city that sits near Miami International Airport.
If commissioners approve, voters would decide on Nov. 6 whether to change the city's charter and allow what would be a no-bid deal to lease 73 acres at the Melreese site to the group. The deal Beckham is proposing calls for the city to collect nearly $140 million in rent payments over 39 years, a rate of roughly $3.5 million annually.
Beckham's group would pay an additional $20 million over 30 years to help fund a planned 58-acre park on the site.
The former Manchester United, Real Madrid and LA Galaxy star and business partner Jorge Mas are listed on the city's agenda for the July 12 meeting, described as scheduled to make a "personal appearance" and "special presentation." They will ask commissioners to put the measure before voters, though it's certain that not everyone at the meeting will be supporting the idea.
Petitions are circulating to save the course, where Tiger Woods has appeared for clinics in the past. Longtime LPGA star Cristie Kerr, a Miami native, has voiced opposition to the Melreese plan in recent months, as has fellow Miami native pro Erik Compton.
"Please help protect this beautiful green space, this public golf course and this home to amazing youth programs," Compton wrote on Twitter .
Beckham's group also wants to bring a massive technology park to the site, as well as an underground parking facility, public soccer fields, 500 new hotel rooms, a conference center, retail stores, restaurants and more. The Beckham franchise, when it gets going, will also bring a training center and an academy focused on developing local players to the Miami area.
The stadium-location quest is just the latest drawn-out chapter in Beckham's five-years-and-counting marathon to bring MLS back to Miami. The Miami Fusion played from 1998-2001, folding because of poor attendance.
Beckham and MLS announced in January that the franchise would be coming to Miami, but nearly every detail about the club remains unclear. There's no definitive start date — 2020 has been mentioned repeatedly, even though no new stadium could possibly be ready by then — as well as no team name, no logo, no colors, no coaching staff and no front-office personnel.
More than a year ago, Miami-Dade County commissioners approved a deal to sell Beckham nearly three acres of county land for $9 million with the belief that it would be the last parcel he needed for a stadium site in the city's Overtown neighborhood. But that site was never the preferred choice for Beckham and his group anyway, with the original hope being to build on the waterfront near the Port of Miami.
The Overtown site now seems all but doomed, though it's unclear what would happen if city commissioners or voters block the latest Beckham plan.
Space: the final frontier, the gateway to other worlds and civilizations, a constant source of wonder and speculation. By the way, on that note, what's it like to have sex up there, and will the earth move? While there has been a human presence in space since 1961, the topic of cosmic coitus continues to be woefully under-examined. But mankind's most pressing question has finally been answered.
Turns out sex in space is much harder than than you imagined. Because of the laws of physics, sex in space is really, really hard to make happen. Just as using a toilet in space presents a unique set of challenges, so does every single other physical undertaking, including sex, which is complicated by the fact it involves two people trying to connect with each other among the forces of Newtonian physics. But you'd think once you've Instagrammed Earth a few times and done a space walk, sex in space has got to be near the top of the list of things to try, right?
Here's everything you wanted to know about sex in space:
You'll have no privacy
The first dilemma of sex in space is privacy in the crowded quarters, according Mark Shelhamer, former chief scientist at NASA's Human Research Program in an interview in Gizmodo. He said, “If SpaceX send two people to the moon in 2018, it's likely that there would be a third professional astronaut with them.”
What's it like to masturbate weightless
Masturbation and the milky way have form in space. According to a Russian cosmonaut, in space, no one can hear you cream. In a 2012 Reddit AMA, the cosmonaut assuaged fears that astronauts can never find opportunities to self-stimulate admitting that he “makes sex in space… by hand”. Despite the overall lack of privacy on board, apparently it's still large enough to find some occasional “quiet time”.
Boners are a lot harder to achieve
Microgravity could make it harder for horny male astronauts to get an erection, even if they are extremely aroused. Gravity helps blood flow rapidly to certain places on the body and without gravity, men may not be able to get erections and women may also not get quite as physically aroused by sex. In addition, the long duration of spaceflight also wrecks havoc on testosterone level (the hormones that make your horny), meaning lower or depleted sex drive. In other words, you won't be horny enough to do it anyway. The unresponsive flaccid penis the the ultimate cock block. NOW SEE The effect various substances have on your penis
Zero gravity could prove coitus near impossible
StarTalk American astrophysicist Neil deGrasse Tyson says zero gravity could prove coitus near impossible. The idea of human sexual activity in zero gravity presents difficulties for the performance of most sexual activities because of Newton's third law. According to the law, if the couple remain attached, their movements will counter each other, which means their actions won't change velocity unless they are affected by another, unattached object. There could also be problems from drifting into other objects (which makes sense when you think about it) since if the couple have a combined velocity relative to other objects, collisions could occur. deGrasse Tyson's advice? ‘Bring a lot of leather belts to strap things down.
Microgravity sex will be hot, but not in a good way
John Millis, chair of the department of physical sciences and engineering at Anderson University explains that sex in the extreme environs of outer space will be hot and sweaty. And because sweat and tears don't run down the astronaut's bodies in microgravity environment like it does here on Earth, they sweat pools like small ponds of fluid near where it was secreted. Millis explained, “If the motion is vigorous enough it could be ejected from the surface of the body. This means that liquid would both be pooling on the body, especially where there is contact with the other person. Also, the more they moved, pools of liquid would be flying off around the couple.”
Sex in space is serious business.
> More on Sex
Up Next: Know your spirits: Whisky
FRIDAY is your last chance until next spring to catch a great feed at the Twilight Food Market.
Fish and chips, paella, gozleme, lamb kebabs and home-made lemonade are just some of the treats on this popular moveable menu.
The weather has been a bit unkind the past few weeks and the markets were cancelled due to rain. So, if you've missed your weekly feast, get down to Park Beach reserve on Friday and order up big.
You don't need a reservation or to dress fancy, just bring your family, friends, blankets, chairs, beer and wine and enjoy the final Twilight Market for this season.
The market will return when daylight savings kicks in again at the beginning of October.
WWE SummerSlam 2017: 5 things that fans hope won't happen but surely will at the PPV
Don't hold your breath for these things not to happen at Summerslam 2017.
by Akash Cillanki Top 5 / Top 10 14 Aug 2017, 13:39 IST
As we enter the final week in the build up to WWE Summerslam 2017, expectations are high for the company's first joint Monday Night Raw and Smackdown Live pay-per-view since WWE Wrestlemania 33. "The Biggest Party of the Summer" has quite a few intriguing matches and storylines and fans are eagerly awaiting the pay-per-view in Brooklyn.
But, along with this excitement also comes trepidation. The WWE Universe have grown wary of the company's questionable booking decisions and it always feels like taking one step forward and two steps back with the creative direction that the company seems to take. And, there's nothing different with Summerslam this year.
The show has the potential for greatness but there are some things that professional wrestling fans just don't want to see happen but chances are these events are almost guaranteed to occur during the course of the four-hour extravaganza.
So, without any further ado, let's get into our list of five things the fans hope won't happen at WWE Summerslam 2017 but surely will:
#5 Bray Wyatt is made to look weak
What's the chance Wyatt doesn't get humiliated again?
How far Bray Wyatt has fallen since WWE Elimination Chamber 2017 earlier this year. After capturing the WWE Championship by pinning both AJ Styles and John Cena in the same match, it finally looked like the WWE would be giving "The Eater of Worlds" his due. How wrong we were!
Things have gone steadily downhill from there and Bray is back to languishing without any sort of momentum. That is hardly expected to change with his latest feud against Finn Balor. And, I get why the WWE are planning this: Balor needs the victory considering this is his first major angle since returning from injury.
But, that doesn't mean they have to throw Wyatt to the wolves. There can be feuds where both men involved come out looking better than they did going in. But, looking at the WWE's track record with Bray, I would not be holding my breath hoping for it to happen.
Throughout its entire post-WW II history, US hostility persisted against North Korea – solely for its sovereign independence, not for any threat the country poses.
Chances for sustainable improved bilateral relations following Kim Jong-un/Trump summit talks are virtually nil – perhaps what was accomplished already starting to unravel.
On Friday in Japan on the final leg of his East Asia tour, US war secretary Mattis vowed to continue treating North Korea as an adversary, not an ally, saying Washington and its regional partners intend to maintain a “strong collaborative defensive stance” on the DPRK.
The Trump regime will deal with its leadership “from a position of unquestioned strength.” The Pentagon will continue “maintaining the current US force levels on the Korean peninsula” and region overall.
On Friday, NBC News cited unnamed US intelligence officials, saying Pyongyang increased enrichment of uranium for nuclear fuel at secret sites – attempting to refute Trump's claim about the DPRK “no longer (posing) a nuclear threat…”
According to one unnamed US official quoted,
“(t)here is absolutely unequivocal evidence that they are trying to deceive the US.” “Work is ongoing to deceive us on the number of facilities, the number of weapons, the number of missiles…We are watching closely.”
The NBC report was planted by US dark forces, wanting no chance of improved relations with North Korea.
Its leadership and military were never a regional or US threat, its nuclear program for defense alone because of genuine fears about possible US aggression.
Throughout its history, the DPRK never attacked another country. In June 1950, its forces responded to US-orchestrated South Korean aggression, not the other way around.
38 North provides “analysis of events in and around the DPRK.” It's a pro-Western Johns Hopkins University Paul Nitze School of Advanced International Studies US-Korea Institute program – managed by former State Department official Joel Wit and USKI assistant director Jenny Town.
On June 26, it claimed “improvements to the infrastructure at North Korea's Yongbyon Nuclear Scientific Research Center are continuing at a rapid pace,” according to alleged satellite imagery, adding:
“Continued work at the Yongbyon facility should not be seen as having any relationship to North Korea's pledge to denuclearize. The North's nuclear cadre can be expected to proceed with business as usual until specific orders are issued from Pyongyang.”
The monitoring group said it can't confirm if the above work continued after the June 12 Kim/Trump summit.
On Sunday, the neocon/CIA house organ Washington Post claimed “newly obtained (post-Kim/Trump summit) evidence” shows Pyongyang “does not intend to fully surrender its nuclear stockpile, and instead is considering ways to conceal the number of weapons it has and secret production facilities,” citing unnamed US officials, adding:
“(A) new, previously undisclosed Defense Intelligence Agency estimate (said) North Korea is unlikely to denuclearize.” “(T)he DIA has concluded that North Korean officials are exploring ways to deceive Washington about the number of nuclear warheads and missiles, and the types and numbers of facilities they have, believing that the United States is not aware of the full range of their activities.”
All indications are that the DPRK is committed to denuclearize as long as its security is guaranteed – by America and China most of all.
Its other demands are reasonable, wanting a formal end to the 1950s war, unacceptably harsh sanctions lifted, its sovereign independence respected, and a durable peace replacing threatened war on the peninsula.
If all of the above are achieved, its nuclear deterrent no longer is needed.
Given Washington's rage for global hegemony, its longterm hostility toward the DPRK, its aim to transform all sovereign independent nations into US vassal states, and its deplorable history of reneging on promises, it's pure fantasy to believe this time is different going forward in bilateral relations.
Washington's deplorable record speaks for itself. US hostility toward Pyongyang remains unchanged as long as hardline neocon extremists are in charge of geopolitical policymaking.
*
Stephen Lendman is a Research Associate of the CRG, Correspondent of Global Research based in Chicago.
Everyone's body is different, which means that when it comes to what arouses us during sex, it can vary a lot from person to person. While there are some parts of the body that are pretty much universally regarded as "sexy" — like breasts, butts, and genitals — there are also plenty of unexpected erogenous zones that deserve way more credit than they get. But what exactly qualifies something as an erogenous zone?
"Erogenous zones are areas on the body with heightened sensitivity, most prone to generating sexual arousal," Kristin Casey, author and intimacy coach, tells Bustle. "One of the best ways to discover and explore erogenous zones is through body mapping (also called arousal mapping). It's done by taking turns with your partner (so that one person is actively touching the other, who remains passive until it's their turn) to stimulate their body from head to toe, in a way that's mindful, deliberate, and comprehensive."
If you want to figure out what parts of your body are the most erogenous for you, the best way is through trial and error. Here are seven unexpected erogenous zones that you'll want to start paying way more attention to during sex, according to experts.
1 Your Scalp Andrew Zaeh for Bustle You might not think of your scalp as a particularly sexy area of your body, but incorporating a scalp massage into the early stages of foreplay can actually be super relaxing — and get you prepped for arousal. "Anyone who has ever received a head massage can tell you how pleasurable they can be," Caleb Backe, Health and Wellness Expert for Maple Holistics, tells Bustle. "The scalp is covered in nerve endings making it one of the most sensitive parts of the body. Targeting this erogenous zone is a great way get things going with your significant other as it increases blood flow and releases serotonin and dopamine."
2 Your Ears Andrew Zaeh for Bustle There's a reason that whispering some sexy dirty talk into your partner's ear can be so arousing: the ears are actually a very erogenous part of our bodies. "The ear, especially the earlobe, is often ignored, and yet it might just be one of the most erogenous parts of the body," Backe says. "Between whispering sweet nothings, light biting, and even sensual licking, the ears are perfect for mixing things up and adding a new dimension to your erotic stimulation."
3 Your Stomach Andrew Zaeh for Bustle One area you shouldn't be neglecting during sex? The stomach — because according to Backe, it's actually an extremely sensitive erogenous zone. "Although the belly is loaded with nerve endings, the abdominal muscles and pelvic floor muscles are connected, which can lead to high levels of pleasure," Backe says. "This means that stimulating the abs can increase arousal and ultimately produce a strong climax."
4 Your Armpits Andrew Zaeh for Bustle You might not necessarily want to have a tickle fight in bed, but incorporating light kissing or touching near the armpits can be surprisingly sexy. "Armpits can be super sexy places to tease your lover," intimacy expert Miyoko Rifkin tells Bustle. "Not only can you tickle them with your nose, lips or tongue, but you're also immersed in the essence of your lover. Smelling the natural scent of your partner creates maps of pleasure in your brain. Engaging in play while you're smelling them creates neural pathways of pleasure, which becomes an automatic response of pleasure and happiness when you merely catch a whiff of them."
5 Your Legs Andrew Zaeh for Bustle If you want to give your partner some feel-good shivers during foreplay or sex, caressing their legs all over — not just on their inner thighs near the genitals — can work wonders. "The insides of the thighs are a common erotic zone for both men and women, but what about lower down the leg toward the knees?" Rifkin asks. "Use your fingers or tongue to dance between the top of the inside of the thigh all the way down to the feet and see if your lover finds even more delight somewhere further down the leg."
6 Your Neck And Shoulders Andrew Zaeh for Bustle Giving all other massages is a great way to build physical intimacy with your partner — and a good neck/shoulder rub also works well as foreplay, too. "While the feet, head and earlobes are probably the best way to arouse pleasure in your partner via a massage (preferably with oiled hands), the neck and shoulders can help them relax and unwind — an important step in the process towards a more intimate and passionate sexual experience," Backe says.
SBI Foundation, the CSR division of SBI will be partnering with NGOs for integrated development of the villages.
Mumbai: State Bank of India Ltd will be adopting around 500 villages through gram panchayats under its corporate social responsibility programme—Gram Seva. The leading public sector lender will be allocating around Rs240 crore over the next three years for the initiative, the top management of the bank said.
SBI Foundation, the CSR division of SBI will be partnering with non-government organisations (NGOs) for integrated development of the villages. “SBI has adopted villages in the past but there was no focus on holistic development or sustainability. The projects were left to the branch managers and after we exited, the villages slipped back. But Gram Seva changes this,” said SBI chairperson Arundhati Bhattacharya.
She said that the foundation will be working in cooperation with the local administration and non-government organisations for development activities like education, sanitation, digital empowerment and bringing the villages under government schemes among others.
“Our job is to offer banking services. Therefore, we shall only be looking to fill the gaps in the village infrastructure in cooperation with NGOs. We will be using Human Development Index as an indicator to measure development of villages of the next 3 years,” Bhattacharya said.
The bank has started a pilot in 10 gram panchayats across six villages—Maharashtra, Uttar Pradesh, Uttarakhand, Jharkhand Bihar and Assam. “We are looking to develop a replicable, scalable and sustainable model of development for villages,” said Bhattacharya.
Kim Seong-kon, president of the Literary Translation Institute of Korea, will be receiving an honorary doctorate in humane letters from the State University of New York.The degree will be conferred in a ceremony on May 19 at the University of Buffalo.Each year, on the recommendation of campus presidents, faculties and a statewide committee on honorary degrees, SUNY confers a select number of honorary degrees upon individuals of “extraordinary merit and achievement in their fields,” according to the university.Kim received his Ph.D in English from UB, the largest campus in the SUNY system before going on to Columbia University to study comparative literature.Professor emeritus of Seoul National University, Kim has been serving as the president of LTI Korea since 2015.(doo@heraldcorp.com)PHOTOKim Seong-kon (LTI Korea)
ORLANDO, Fla. — If the Washington Wizards are missing All-Star point guard John Wall, they certainly aren't showing it.
Washington won its fourth straight game while Wall is sidelined because of a knee injury, pounding the Orlando Magic 115-98 on Saturday night.
Tomas Satoransky, who replaced Wall in the starting lineup, had a career-high 19 points, six assists and wasn't needed in the fourth quarter after helping the Wizards blow open the game in the third.
Otto Porter led Washington with 20 points. Bradley Beal, who also sat out the final period, had 18 points, eight assists and eight rebounds. Marcin Gortat contributed 10 points and 11 rebounds, and Markieff Morris had 16 points as all five starters hit double figures.
"With John being out, it's even more of a challenge for us, but we accept it head on," Beal said. "We weren't playing our style of basketball early in the season and over the course of the last four games, we've figured it out. We're moving the ball and playing really well."
Washington had 35 assists in the game, while shooting 54.1 per cent from the field. The Wizards used a 10-0 run the final four minutes of the first half and an 18-5 run in the middle of the third quarter to open a 23-point lead.
Many of Washington's baskets were layups after thread-the-needle passes in traffic or wide open 3-pointers when Orlando's defence collapsed inside.
"Maybe teams are underestimating us," Gortat said. "Maybe they think because we don't have John, we're going to come in and lay down, but we're not. We're fighting. We have smart guys, who are playing hard for each other and it's working."
Orlando was coming off one of its best performances of the season, a 127-105 rout of the Los Angeles Lakers. The Magic haven't won two straight since Nov. 10 and didn't look all that interested in changing that against the Wizards.
After Washington's third-quarter burst put Orlando in a 23-point hole, the Magic couldn't get the lead under 17 the rest of the game.
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
When Ant and Dec signed a multi-million-pound golden handcuffs deal in 2016, ITV boss Kevin Lygo hit the nail on the head.
Lauding their “rare ability to connect with audiences of all ages”, he added that their shows were “some of the biggest on British TV”.
Two years on and little has changed.
The duo continue to present the channel's most successful shows in I'm a Celebrity, Britain's Got Talent and Saturday Night Takeaway.
In other words, they are big, big business.
(Image: REX/Shutterstock)
So is it little wonder ITV has – yet again – placed a protective arm around Ant as he faces up to his personal demons.
Their statement yesterday backing the star in getting “the help that he needs” is an almost carbon copy of last years wishing him a “speedy recovery” after being admitted to rehab for the first time.
While ITV's unequivocal support for the star should be welcomed, some cynics may question whether other stars further down their talent roster would get the same treatment.
Perhaps they would.
But there is no question just how important Ant is to ITV and vice versa.
© Tory Hanai / Reuters
The government should advise British nationals living on the Korean Peninsula to leave the region amid fears of a nuclear conflict with the US, a former head of the Royal Navy has said.Admiral Lord West of Spithead said there is a "real risk" of conflict between the two countries, which could have "catastrophic" repercussions for the region."It is extremely worrying. I think that there is a real risk -- of something happening that no one intends," he told BBC Radio 4."The results would be catastrophic. It would be hundreds of thousands if not millions, dying and, yes, we would be pulled into finally."The former Royal Navy chief said an official caution could serve as a wake-up call for the international community to intervene in order to prevent a nuclear war.Arguing the threat of conflict is now at its highest since the 1952 Korean War, West said: "When you start giving certain advice to your nationals people start taking notice and maybe China and others will say 'Goodness me, this is really serious.'"I would set out a certain number of parameters, that if in terms of tension if things change, and say 'You should now think about getting out and about other people you should think about not going there,'" he said.The US and North Korea have been exchanging military threats since last week after American intelligence found that Kim Jong-un's regime has managed to develop an arsenal of nuclear weapons small enough to fit on a ballistic missile that could reach the US mainland.In response to the intelligence, US President Donald Trump told North Korea it can expect a rain of "fire and fury" if it threatens America.Pyongyang said it would test missiles near the US Pacific Island territory of Guam, which hosts US strategic bombers.Trump warned on Friday that military solutions are "locked and loaded" should North Korea "act unwisely."Tensions over North Korea's nuclear program escalated after Pyongyang tested two intercontinental ballistic missiles in July, prompting the UN to impose a fresh round of sanctions.
COLUMBUS, OH – DECEMBER 12: Edmonton Oilers left wing Patrick Maroon (19) looks on during a game between the Columbus Blue Jackets and the Edmonton Oilers on December 12, 2017 at Nationwide Arena in Columbus, OH. (Photo by Adam Lacy/Icon Sportswire via Getty Images)
With John Tavares, James van Reimsdyk, Paul Statsny and most of the other top NHL free agents off the market, there are still dozens of players looking for contracts for next season. Here is Last Word on Hockey's list of the top 11 unrestricted free agents still looking for work.
Position: Left Wing
2017-2018 team: Edmonton Oilers/New Jersey Devils
Previous Cap Hit: $2,000,000
The once 27-goal scorer, albeit playing alongside Connor McDavid, is looking to cash in on encouraging stretch with the New Jersey Devils after being traded from Edmonton at the trade deadline. Before the trade, Maroon scored 14 goals and 30 points in 57 games with the Oilers but scored 13 points in 17 games to close out the season in New Jersey. The 34-year-old added one goal in five playoff games.
Position: Left Wing
2017-2018 team: New York Rangers/Boston Bruins
Previous Cap Hit: $7,800,000
Rick Nash would be number one on this list if he were 100% committed to playing next season but he isn't, so he comes in at #2. The former first overall pick split his time between the New York Rangers and Boston Bruins last season, amassing 34 points in a combined 71 games (21 goals, 13 assists). If Nash decides to return, he's still a nice fit on a teams third line.
Position: Defence
2017-2018 team: Washington Capitals
Previous Cap Hit: $5,500,000
Fresh off a Stanley Cup Win with the Washington Capitals, Orpik was dealt to the Colorado Avalanche and subsequently bought out. The 37-year-old's best days are surely behind him, but any team looking for a cheap left-handed defenseman who can be a solid 5th or 6th man on the blue line and bring a ton of experience on and off the ice should give Orpik a call.
Position: Left Wing
2017-2018 teams: Arizona Coyotes/Chicago Blackhawks
Previous Cap Hit: $1,200,000
Duclair scored 20 goals as a 20-year-old in 2015-2016, but since then Duclair has only gone downhill. Coming off a season split between Coyotes and Blackhawks, Duclair could still pan out given the chance with the right group. He'd be cheap, and a low-risk possible high-reward option.
Position: Centre
2017-2018 team: Edmonton Oilers/Columbus Blue Jackets
Previous Cap Hit: $1,800,000
The 33-year-old Elk Point, Alberta native is mostly known for his defensive ability. He can kill penalties and won 53.3% of his faceoffs last season. Letestu is not a big scorer but can bring a little offence to the table as well. He scored nine goals and 23 points last season. Letestu has two 30+ point campaigns in his career, including one as recently as 2016-17.
Position: Defence
2017-18 team: Winnipeg Jets
Previous Cap Hit: $5,750,000
The 33-year-old was not happy about being a healthy scratch for the Winnipeg Jets in their final playoff game. While he does not bring the offence that he did earlier in his career and has had some injury issues Enstrom is a reliable defensive player. He can move the puck quickly and start the transition game. He would be a nice addition on many team's bottom pair. Enstrom had a goal and five assists in 43 games last season.
Position: Left Wing
2017-2018 team: Minnesota Wild
Previous Cap Hit: $4,600,000
Another low-risk high reward option, like Duclair, the 28-year-old is a three-time 20-goal scorer but hasn't accomplished the feat since 2014-2015. If he could someone find his form again, on a cheap contract, Ennis could be a free agent steal.
Position: Defence
2017-2018 team: Dallas Stars
Previous Cap Hit: $3,750,000
The 35-year-old veteran is not the player he used to be for Vancouver and Nashville but he's still dependable and any team that's interested in a veteran addition with a ton of experience should take a look at Hamius. Much like Brooks Orpik, Hamius still has a ton to offer.
Position: Centre
2017-2018 team: Anaheim Ducks
Previous Cap Hit: $650,000
In his first 86 games in the NHL between four different teams, Derek Grant didn't score a single goal. But in 66 games last season, Grant scored 12 goals and 24 points. His faceoff percentage was also 53.1% in just 11 minutes of average ice time.
Position: Defence
2017-2018 team: San Jose Sharks
Previous Cap Hit: $650,000
Just 25 years old, DeMelo is a lot like Duclair and Ennis. Low-risk, high-reward option who plays on the right side and could prove to be a surprise if someone gives him a chance. In 133 games over three seasons with the Sharks, DeMelo scored two goals and 29 assists last season.
Top Goalie
Position: Goalie
2017-2018 team: Winnipeg Jets
Previous Cap Hit: $4,100,000
After being bought out by the Montreal Canadiens after they acquired him in a salary dump trade with Winnipeg Jets, Mason is looking for a new crease to protect. He didn't see a ton of time with the Jets, but what he did do should be enough to earn a backup role somewhere in the NHL. But the former starter and rookie of the year might have to settle with an AHL contract in order to find himself back in the NHL.
Related
View the original article on
Business: Robert Cribb and Marco Chown Oved, Toronto Star, for reports revealing that Canada is a tax haven for foreigners looking to hide their money; Nicholas Keung, Sara Mojtehedzadeh, Jennifer Wells, Jim Rankin and Kelsey Wilson, Toronto Star, for a series on the use of temporary migrant workers in Canada's food industry; Grant Robertson and Tom Cardoso, Globe and Mail, for uncovering the fact that at least $1 billion in fines for securities violations have gone unpaid and unenforced by regulators across the country.
Columns: Lawrence Martin, Globe and Mail; Melissa Martin, Winnipeg Free Press; Paula Simons, Edmonton Journal.
Editorial Cartooning: Serge Chapleau, La Presse; Bruce MacKinnon, Halifax Chronicle Herald; Malcolm Mayes, Edmonton Journal.
Editorials: Jackson Doughart, New Brunswick Telegraph-Journal; Tony Keller, Globe and Mail; Christina Spencer, Ottawa Citizen.
Explanatory Work: Kate Allen, Toronto Star, for a story that looked at the effects of climate change not on humans, but on other residents of this planet, from bumblebees to shrubs; Larry Pynn, Vancouver Sun, for exploring the grizzly bear trophy hunt from multiple perspectives including locals, researchers, First Nations, politicians, environmentalists and tourism operators; Jennifer Yang, Toronto Star, for delving into whether an imam who came under attack for anti-Semitic remarks had actually said what he had been accused of saying.
Feature Photo: Mike Deal, Winnipeg Free Press, for a photo of a Canada Summer Games volunteer wearing a ballcap adorned with collectible pins; Ashley Fraser, Ottawa Citizen/Ottawa Sun, for an image of a surfer on a foggy day; Olivier Jean, La Presse, for a photograph of a beehive being fumigated.
International: Isabelle Hachey, La Presse, for a series of stories about the war in Syria; Stephanie Nolen, Globe and Mail, for stories about suicide, political crisis and desperation in South America; Nathan VanderKlippe, Globe and Mail, for stories about torture and corruption in Asia.
Investigations: Robyn Doolittle, Globe and Mail, for "Unfounded," which revealed how frequently police forces across the country concluded that sexual assault allegations, even in cases with seemingly strong evidence, did not warrant the laying of charges, or even further investigation; Isabelle Hachey, Yvon Laprade, Gabrielle Duchaine and Agnes Gruda, La Presse, for "Le Montréal sans-papiers," an in-depth look at the precarious and clandestine lives of refugees and their families who try to survive in Montreal, a so-called sanctuary city, without legal status; Sara Mojtehedzadeh and Brendan Kennedy, Toronto Star, for "Undercover in Temp Nation," an investigation into how immigrant workers and other temporary employees risked life and limb in a Toronto bakery.
Local Reporting: Grant LaFleche, St. Catharines Standard, for a series of stories on the impact of child abuse by a Roman Catholic priest; Randy Richmond, London Free Press, for exposing scandalous conditions and mismanagement at a local detention centre; Amy Smart, Victoria Times Colonist, for a series that delved into barriers that still exist for individuals wanting to take advantage of medical assistance in dying.
Long Feature: Katie Daubs, Toronto Star, for the profile of a man who chronicled Canada's roadside attractions on the internet; Richard Warnica, National Post, for an in-depth profile of Rebel Media founder Ezra Levant that explains why its subject can't seem to stop himself from going too far; Jesse Winter, Toronto Star, for tracing the heartbreaking story of a man, raped as a child by his uncle, who was failed by family, friends, governments and the justice system.
News Photo: Darryl Dyck, Canadian Press, for an image of a mother clutching her eight-year-old daughter at the charred remains of their remote First Nations home after a forest fire; Ian Willms, Globe and Mail, for a photograph of an asylum seeker from Nigeria fleeing to Canada on a cold, dark night; Larry Wong, Edmonton Journal/Edmonton Sun, for a picture of congregants mourning three members of their church who had been killed when a thief fleeing police crashed into a passing minivan.
Photo Portfolio/Essay: Todd Korol, Globe and Mail, for an essay looking at the life of rodeo cowboys following the suicide of a bull rider; Martin Tremblay, La Presse, for an essay documenting the story of refugees crossing the border shortly after the election of Donald Trump left them feeling threatened down south; Ian Willms, Globe and Mail, for an essay on 22 asylum seekers who crossed into Canada near the town of Emerson, Man.
Politics: David Akin and Chris Selley, National Post, for coverage of Prime Minister Justin Trudeau's secret visit to a private island owned by the Aga Khan; Robert Cribb, Marco Chown Oved and Alex Boutilier, Toronto Star, for a series that revealed where politics and the offshore tax-haven industry intersect in Canada; Noor Javed and Kristin Rushowy, Toronto Star, for reports on dysfunction at the York Region Public School Board.
Presentation: Jeremy Agius and Matthew French, Globe and Mail; Patrick Bertrand, Henri Michaud and Benoit Dussault, Le Journal de Montreal; Toronto star team.
Project of the Year: Dan Fumano and Matt Robinson, Vancouver Sun, for an investigation into the case of Phillip Tallio, who still maintained his innocence after 34 years of incarceration for the murder of a child; Jane Sims, Morris Lamont and Brice Hall, London Free Press, for "27 Minutes," which documented how a woman improbably ended up alive and well after being submerged in ice-cold water for almost half an hour after a car accident; Doug Speirs and Ruth Bonneville, Winnipeg Free Press, for "Class of 2017," a 13-year journey to document the major and minor milestones of childhood and adolescence for a group of children born in the year 2000.
Short Feature: Marcus Gee, Globe and Mail, for explaining what the death of a small-city newspaper would really mean for that community; Ingrid Peritz, Globe and Mail, for recounting the devastating experience of a man who survived the Quebec mosque shootings; Philippe Teisceira-Lessard, La Presse, for illuminating the lives of a farm couple as they sadly abandoned their life's work.
Sports: Steve Buist, Hamilton Spectator, for "Collision Course," a series of stories that explored the impact of concussions on retired Canadian football players; Marty Klinkenberg, Globe and Mail, for reporting on the aftermath of the suicide of a young Canadian bull rider; Sunaya Sapurji, the Athletic, for "Grassroots to Gold," a series comparing how countries other than Canada develop their hockey players.
Sports Photo: Nathan Denette, Canadian Press, for a shadowy image of a tennis star making a shot; Michael Robinson, New Brunswick Telegraph-Journal, for a shot of a basketball player desperately lunging to keep the ball in bounds; Andrew Francis Wallace, Toronto Star, for a photograph of a rugby player with a badly mangled finger.
By The Canadian Press
Jens von Bergmann of Vancouver said the province bungled the rollout
Protestors – and interlopers – at a school tax rally in Vancouver in May. (KyleBryan/Twitter)
A Vancouver mathematician is feeling a little confused, and a lot snarky, about why British Columbians can't seem to understand how the increased school tax works.
“I kept reading these stories about the people affected… and I thought maybe this [calculator] was needed,” Jens von Bergmann told Black Press Media.
“I think the fact that it is a wealth based tax means it's new and it's different.”
The school tax, announced by Finance Minister Carol James in February, would apply a tax rate of 0.2 per cent to the portion of a home's assessed residential value that is between $3 million and $4 million, excluding stratified rentals. A tax rate of 0.4 per cent would apply to all home value over $4 million.
“It just really drives home this divide we're facing in Vancouver,” said Von Bergmann.
“People that have bought quite a while ago and have seen their house value go up but don't perceive that necessarily as liquid wealth and other people that are really struggling to pay rent in the city. I think the tax is trying to strike some sort of balance between the two.”
READ MORE: David Eby cancels town hall due to ‘safety concerns' after school tax protest planned
The tax is due to start in 2019 but has already raised outrage, especially in Attorney General David Eby's Point Grey riding.
Eby cancelled a town hall on the tax in early May, claiming that the opposition was encouraging non-registered attendees to crash the ticket-only event and making it unsafe.
MaryAnn Cummings, a Point Grey senior who's against the tax, called it “predatory” and said that the tax “ignores an owners ability to pay it.”
But Von Bergmann says he doesn't have much sympathy.
“I find it hard to relate to how this could constitute any form of cruel hardship,” he wrote in a blog post.
“And I am comfortably housed, I don't want to imagine how someone struggling to pay rent in this city is supposed to by sympathetic to this.”
An owner of a $4 million house would pay $2,000 in school tax, according to the province. While Von Bergmann blames people's poor math skills for not being able to grasp how little they'll really pay in extra taxes, he also thinks the province bungled the rollout.
He brought up the example of David Tha, 72, who told the Vancouver Courier that he was cutting cable and eating less meat to afford the tax.
But although Von Bergmann called Tha “principled,” he noted that he could either sell, or just defer the taxes on his $6.75-million home, which had gone up from the $370,000 Tha bought it for in 1987.
“We have to conclude that he is very principled, but I am still not convinced that the single mom trying to make ends meet renting an East Van basement suite will be terribly sympathetic to Tha's self-imposed budget constraints,” Von Bergmann wrote.
“Vancouver is indeed expensive, but with $6.7M in equity, almost all of which is untaxed capital gains, it is very hard to see how they could find a reasonable place to live to fit their middle class lifestyle.”
@katslepian
katya.slepian@bpdigital.ca
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter.
The Ontario government set up the Long-Term Care Homes Public Inquiry in August after Elizabeth Wettlaufer was convicted of eight counts of first degree-murder, four counts of attempted murder and two counts of aggravated assault. Wettlaufer had pleaded guilty in June and was sentenced to life in prison with no eligibility for parole for 25 years.
Commissioner Eileen Gillese will hear their requests for standing — a status that gives them the right to call and question witnesses — in St. Thomas, Ont., on Tuesday and Wednesday.
Relatives of murdered seniors, along with advocacy and health-care groups, are among four dozen applicants seeking to participate in a public inquiry sparked by a nurse who killed eight elderly long-term-care residents in Ontario.
Alex Van Kralingen, a Toronto-based lawyer, who represents the “affected parties” group — five relatives or close friends of Wettlaufer's victims — said his clients are obviously looking for answers as to how Wettlaufer got away with what she did for so long. But there's much more, he said.
The 50-year-old injected her victims with insulin while they were in her care at three Ontario long-term care facilities and a private home between 2007 and 2016.
“Ultimately, the hope is that this is going to be a springboard into a conversation about how we treat long-term care in this province,” Van Kralingen said in an interview Monday.
“It can be an opportunity to be transformational . . . and could be the jump-start for political actors to start making changes to make sure that vulnerable seniors, who have given a lot to this country, are not placed in a situation where they should be scared about the quality of the care they get and the people who are taking care of them.”
Some of the families, Van Kralingen said, also wonder about tightening access to potentially lethal drugs such as insulin that can be used to hide an intent to harm.
In addition to submitted written materials, applicants will have a few minutes to explain why they believe they should be allowed to participate — either because they have a substantial and direct interest in the proceedings, or because they have information or insights that would help the inquiry.
They will also, if needed, have a chance to make a pitch to have the government fund their participation.
Despite having been fired twice during her career — the first time in 1995 — Wettlaufer managed to retain her licence as a registered nurse. Her crimes only came to light when she confessed to a mental-health professional last fall.
One professional group seeking standing is the College of Nurses of Ontario, which has come under criticism for allowing Wettlaufer to keep working. It's another key issue that needs thorough exploration, Van Kralingen said: “Should a regulator be involved and figure out the circumstances in which somebody was fired? Where's the regulator's role?”
Other applicants for standing are the Ontario Nurses Association and the Registered Nurses Association of Ontario — groups critical of what they see as stingy government funding and staffing requirements in long-term-care facilities. Provincial Long-Term Care Minister Eric Hoskins has already introduced legislation aimed at tightening oversight of the sector.
According to court records, Wettlaufer was an addict who found coping with elderly patients difficult and caring for 32 residents overnight at Caressant Care in Woodstock, Ont., overwhelming. She confessed to police that she would feel a “red surge” that made her think God was directing her murderous actions.
Caressant Care, where most of Wettlaufer's killings occurred, and Meadow Park in London, Ont., where one of the deaths took place, are seeking to participate in the inquiry, as are activist groups such as the Advocacy Centre for the Elderly.
The inquiry's mandate calls on Gillese — a justice of the Ontario Court of Appeal — to delve into the events that led to Wettlaufer's crimes, along with the circumstances and contributing factors that allowed the crimes to occur. Those include looking at policies, procedures, practices, accountability and oversight mechanisms.
Gillese is expected to announce her decision on standing in mid-January and begin hearing from witnesses in June. She is slated to issue her report on her findings and recommendations aimed at avoiding a recurrence on July 31, 2019.
Have your say
A terrific batting display powered Cambridgeshire to a suprise first innings lead in their Minor Counties Championship match against Staffordshire yesterday (August 14).
Tons from teenager Ben Seabrook and Callum Guest set the foundation for a late onslaught from local men James Williams (Wisbech) and Lewis Bruce (Peterborough Town).
Stand-in skipper Williams smacked an unbeaten 57 from 53 balls (three fours, two sixes), while Bruce whacked 57 from just 32 balls which included four huge sixes at Wisbech Town CC.
The pair added 120 in just 13 overs to push Cambs to 381-5 in their 90 overs - a lead of 17.
But Staffs finished the day in front by 126 with eight wickets in hand ahead of the final day (August 15) with ex-first class professional Kadeer Ali on 85 not out.
Scores: Staffs 364-7 (P. Wilshaw 103, R. Hassett 93, K. Ali 57, L. Bruce 3-124, H. Craig 2-97) & 143-2 (K. Ali 85no).
Cambs 381-5 (B. Seabrook 107, C. Guest 101, J. Williams 57no, L. Bruce 57, A. Butt 36).
Menlo Park Police seeking witnesses to stabbing on Willow Road
On July 3, 2018, at approximately 5:35 pm, Menlo Park Police Officers in the 800 block of Willow Road were flagged down by a person reporting a stabbing victim located in the parking lot of 840 Willow Road.
Officers immediately responded to that location and located a male suffering multiple stab wounds. Menlo Park Officers promptly provided medical aid and Menlo Park Fire Paramedics were summoned. The victim was then transported to the hospital for further medical care.
A search of the area failed to locate any suspects but did locate the suspected stabbing scene in front of 732 Willow Road.
At this time, Menlo Park Police Officers and Detectives are actively investigating this incident. No additional information or suspect description is available at this time.
The Menlo Park Police Department is asking anyone who might have information regarding this case and/or who witnessed this incident, to call Menlo Park Police Detectives at (650) 330-6300 or the Anonymous Tip Hotline at (650) 330-6395.
Contact Sergeant Kevin Paugh for more information
IT WAS almost a year ago when it was announced retail giant Kmart would open in Coffs Harbour.
After months of setbacks and rather tedious waiting for excited shoppers, Coffs Central's major new addition is set to open it's doors on Thursday.
Store manager Katrina Tregoning said a total of 160 locals have been employed, and they've been stocking the shelves for over a month.
A total of 20 of the 160 recruits have come across from the Big W store that was previously based at the site.
"It's been quite an adventure to get to this point, that's for sure,” she said.
Kmart store manager Katrina Tregoning. Trevor Veale
With shelves now stocked and bursting with merchandise, the doors of the Coffs Central store will officially open at 8am.
The first 250 purchasing customers will receive a free gift bag, and there'll also be 400 cupcakes, 170 lucky dips for the kids, and children's entertainment with characters from PAW Patrol making an appearance, and face painting.
Ms Tregoning said the staff were expecting a massive rush.
"We've got a lot of give-aways and freebies, and the best gift bags Kmart has ever had,” she said.
The Coffs Central store will be a full-range store, offering outdoor furniture, canvas and mug prints, and far more.
"Because we're a bigger store we'll be able to service the community with a wider range of products,” Ms Tregoning said.
The DSC will be distributing copies of the guide to local media organisations starting this week. In addition, copies of the guide will be distributed to Embassies within the UAE and several Arab countries.
[India], Dec.12 (ANI): According to the UK Office for National Statistics' regular report, visas granted to Indian nationals in the year to September 2017 stood at 517,000 - a nine percent increase on the previous year.
Within this number, visit visas increased by 11 percent to 427,000 and work visas remained steady at 53,000 - meaning that Indians still get more work visas for employment in the UK than all other nationalities combined.
The largest increase however was seen in the Tier 4 Student visa category. In the last year, over 14,000 student visas were issued to Indian nationals, an increase of 27 percent compared with the previous 12 months. In addition to this, over 5,000 Indians came for short-term study in the UK during the same period. This is the third successive quarter that student visa numbers have increased.
Britain's High Commissioner to India, Sir Dominic Asquith,said, "It is an exciting time for the UK-India relationship. Prime Minister Modi has often talked about the living bridge that exists between India and other countries in the world. These statistics show that India's bridge with the United Kingdom is as strong as ever. "I particularly welcome the sharp increase in Indian students choosing to take advantage of the UK's world-beating higher education. Our visa service for Indians is as good as any other on offer. Some 90 percent of applicants receive a visa and 99% of those are processed within our target time of 15 working days. "I want more Indians to see the UK as their partner country, whether for business, tourism, study or work. Visits to India last week by the Mayor of London and the Deputy First Minister of Scotland show the depth of interest in working with India." The figures quoted above are for the year from September 2016 to September 2017 - and are compared with the previous 12 months (September 2015 to September 2016). The source for this data is the Office for National Statistics Quarterly Update - available online here. (ANI)
“Muğla's Marmaris district was undoubtedly one of the most signifcant locations of the July 15 coup attempt along with Ankara and İstanbul. The events that transpired in Marmaris, where President Erdoğan and his family were on holiday, provide important clues to July 15.
Reviewing the meeting minutes including those from the Parliamentary Investigation Commission, Marmaris Indictment, Akıncı Air Base Indictment and the statements from the tried soldiers helps us understand the events in Marmaris.The events that took place in Marmaris on July 15 can be summarized as follows: President Erdoğan learned about the coup attempt when he and his family were in the region for a holiday.
He made his first announcement to thirteen journalists in front of the residence from which he went live on CNN Türk via FaceTime and called people to the streets. He then travelled to Dalaman Airport by helicopter, and from there he ew to İstanbul on an ATA airplane. Three hours after Erdoğan left, three military helicopters bearing putschist soldiers landed near the hotel where he had been staying. His protection detail, who had remained at the hotel because there was not enough room in the helicopter which had left with the president, and police of cers in Marmaris who were on duty exchanged gun re with the soldiers. When a helicopter that came to evacuate them, because of the resistance from the president's guard and police, the putschist soldiers failed to get on and spread into a wooded area nearby, from where they were later caught and arrested.
According to the indictment written and submitted to Muğla 2nd High Criminal Court by Chief Prosecutor Necip Topuz, who was appointed ve days after the coup attempt, 47 persons, one of whom was fugitive and 37 soldiers, are being tried for an assassination attempt on the life of the president, infringement of the Constitution, crime against the legislative branch, crime against the government, membership of an armed terrorist organization, premeditated murder during public duty (twice), attempting premeditated murder during public duty (fourteen times), depriving persons of freedom by using force and threat repeatedly, in icting grievous bodily harm, repeated armed threats, vandalizing public property (twice), vandalizing property (nineteen times), and aggravated violation of dwelling immunity. The trial is called “the trial for the assassination of the president” by the Public Prosecutor's Of ce, and pro-government media.
Serkan Yazıcı, who owned The Grand Yazıcı Hotel and the luxurious villa where Erdoğan stayed with his family, provided information to the Parliamentary Investigation Commission about when President Erdoğan's visit to Marmaris was arranged. Yazıcı says that he went to Istanbul to meet the president, who had just returned from the Warsaw NATO Summit, so that he could make up for the embarrassment when he could not answer the president's call on time at the Eid Festival of July 5-7, 2016 and give him his best wishes for the celebration. Serkan Yazıcı reported about the day, whose date he could not remember at rst, that the famous football player Samuel Eto'o of Antalya Sports Club was among the people who met Erdoğan and he invited the president to an exhibition match in Antalya that his foundation was organizing for July 16, in which world famous football players would participate. He says that Erdoğan promised to go. Archives show that day was July 9, 2016, as Yazıcı con rmed later.224 Yazıcı says that he met the president at the airport and invited him to the hotel for a holiday. He adds that he later talked to the president's Executive Assistant Hasan Doğan about the details and told him that the place where Erdoğan would stay was a private residence separated from the rest of the hotel facility.
Commission about when President Erdoğan's visit to Marmaris was arranged. Yazıcı says that he went to Istanbul to meet the president, who had just returned from the Warsaw NATO Summit, so that he could make up for the embarrassment when he could not answer the president's call on time at the Eid Festival of July 5-7, 2016 and give him his best wishes for the celebration. Serkan Yazıcı reported about the day, whose date he could not remember at rst, that the famous football player Samuel Eto'o of Antalya Sports Club was among the people who met Erdoğan and he invited the president to an exhibition match in Antalya that his foundation was organizing for July 16, in which world famous football players would participate. He says that Erdoğan promised to go. Archives show that day was July 9, 2016, as Yazıcı con rmed later. Yazıcı says that he met the president at the airport and invited him to the hotel for a holiday. He adds that he later talked to the president's Executive Assistant Hasan Doğan about the details and told him that the place where Erdoğan would stay was a private residence separated from the rest of the hotel facility.
Considering that he had said he would play in an exhibition match on July 16, 2016, it seems that Erdoğan may have made a snap decision to go on holiday with his family and travel to Antalya. The following day, after the July 9 meeting, security police working for the presidency went to Marmaris and did routine security checks at the villa where President Erdoğan would stay. President Erdoğan arrived at the hotel in the evening on July 11, 2016 without taking any of his military aides along with him. Serkan Yazıcı reports that
he did not see Erdoğan until July 14. When media websites and newspaper articles are examined, it can be seen that there is no news about where Erdoğan was for the July 11–July 14 period, neither in the pro-Erdoğan nor the dissident media. The news about Erdoğan in the pro-Erdoğan media comes to an abrupt stop. Commission minutes hold that Erdoğan left the villa where he was staying to examine the presidency compound in Okluk Bay on July 14. Erdoğan made the trip in the hotel's helicopter.
On the night of July 14, an appalling terrorist attack was carried out with a cargo truck in Nice, France. Previously, on November 13, 2015 there had been another attack in Paris for which Erdoğan had stood before the cameras late at night, made a statement, and condemned terrorism. For the Nice attack, however, no video announcement was made to camera; only a message of condemnation was released on the presidency website and Twitter.
July 15, 2016 was a Friday. Erdoğan frequently appears in public for Friday prayers when he goes to various places for a visit. It is an opportunity for party members wishing to see him and lawmakers and local of cials wishing to greet and meet him. When the state-owned Anatolian news agency correspondent got wind that Erdoğan could be in the region, he called Muğla AKP lawmaker Nihat Öztürk, who said, “I have been a provincial chairman for four years. Mr. President has come to the region a lot. I can't know where he is for security purposes and they would never tell me. There's no chance you can nd out. He shows up somewhere. Because he came during Eid Festival in 2007, we came face to face in Bördübet after Friday prayer. He came to Akkaya in 2004 and went to Friday prayer there…. Go, look, he'll show up somewhere,” according to commission minutes.
It can be understood that local media workers were guessing that Erdoğan would show up in a mosque somewhere on Friday, July 15 for the Friday prayer. According to the information CHP İzmir lawmaker Aytun Çıray provided at the commission, preparations were made in the Çamlı Village mosque. It always made news when Erdoğan left his hotel for Friday prayer during his holidays in the region this time
Also reported in the commission statements is the fact that Erdoğan's son-in-law and Energy Minister Berat Albayrak and Erdoğan's executive assistant Hasan Doğan went on a boat trip at about 15:00 at hotel owner Serkan Yazıcı's invitation. Doğan learned during this boat trip that president's place of residence had appeared on the website of Sözcü daily (posted at 16:25), and they decided to return.
After they all returned to the hotel, the President's Security Director Muhsin Köse said he had to check the perimeter of the villa and asked hotel owner Serkan Yazıcı to accompany him, and they did it together. When they later sat down for some tea, Yazıcı said Security Director Muhsin Köse received a phone call. Yazıcı remembers Köse saying, “I can't disturb Mr. President now.” He reports that Köse got a second call but this time he rose in panic and said they had to go to the villa. When they got to the villa, he noticed that there was some unusual activity.
The indictment about the coup attempt states that the phone calls Yazıcı talked about were from MİT Undersecretary Hakan Fidan. Deputy Chief of Staff Yaşar Güler says in his statement that during his meeting with Chief of General Staff Akar in the headquarters “Fidan said, ‘Sir let me inform Mr. President about it.' He said, ‘Can I talk to Mr. President?' I didn't hear the response. Fidan then asked, ‘So, Muhsin, do you have enough weapons and men if there is an assault from the outside?' He got a response but I don't know what it was. He asked one more time, ‘Muhsin, do you have enough weapons and men if there is an assault from the outside?' The response must have been positive because he said, ‘Good luck,' and hung up the phone.”
It can be inferred that the security director answered Hakan Fidan in the af rmative about having enough ammunition and staff for assaults—including those from land, air and sea—at a time when security measures had been decreased to a minimum so that it would not be known that the president was in the region on holiday with his family. It is quite
strange that Erdoğan's security director did not bother asking the substance of the threat and responded positively to Intelligence chief Fidan when asked if there were enough measures and resources available in case of attack. These phone calls were made at about 19:00. Yazıcı's similar statement to the commission that there was unusual activity when they arrived at the villa also indicates that information that had been obtained by Muhsin Köse was also received by the team of Erdoğan in the villa and the security team had been taking precautions.
Witness testimonies also show that Erdoğan and his entourage worked on a plan to leave Marmaris. However, no information has been made public about what exactly happened and what was discussed in the villa between 19:00 and 23:00. Erdoğan has said on many TV programs that he was constantly in contact with the prime minister but he failed to get through to Akar and Fidan. Erdoğan said that his rst contact with Fidan was towards 22:00.232 However, there does not seem to be a
reason why he could not reach Hakan Fidan or Hulusi Akar in the period in which Muhsin Köse ran toward the villa in a panic, according to the of cial chronology of events.
A photograph that shows Erdoğan teaching his grandson to read the Qur'an later went viral on social media. Erdoğan said on news channel 24 that the photograph was taken on the night of the coup attempt.233 Journalists tried to correct him, saying, “Was it daytime?” when he said “that night,” but despite attempts at correction he insisted it was night. It is known that there was a coup attempt underway earlier and the security director was called by Hakan Fidan and asked to take precautions against an attack, so Erdoğan's photograph with his grandson studying the Qur'an leads to controversies about its date and time. It has been claimed that the photograph was shared to support his statement that he learned about the coup attempt at 21:30 from his brother-in-law.
Hotel owner Serkan Yazıcı says that he went to Erdoğan's room at about 23:00 on the coup night. He told the commission that before that he was ordered by the president's team to keep all the cars, boats and helicopters on standby. Erdoğan announced on a live aHaber news program on July 29, 2016 that they had made plans for escape from four different airports—Aydın Çıldır, Muğla Dalaman, Milas-Bodrum, and Izmir Adnan Menderes airports. If this information is accurate, experts believe that to prepare four planes and their crew members to be ready on stand- by around 23:30, when Erdoğan said he knew about the coup attempt would have required hours of advance preparations.
Up and down the street, all around the town, in mud puddles and beneath mailboxes where neighborhood dogs do their business, there are copies of phone books wrapped in plastic bags.
They'll still be there in two weeks and maybe longer, until spring and after spring. Instead of picking them up or putting them in recycling bins, my neighbors prefer to let them lie out there as sort of silent protest.
What happened to the days when getting your new phone book was an occasion for celebration, a religious experience? You immediately searched for your name to see if it was spelled correctly … and it always was. It made you feel important. It made you feel wanted.
The new phone book brought joy to a household. It was like a tax refund from the IRS or free tickets to a Yankees game. But now it's the object of scorn by cell phone users.
Call me crazy, but I've been waiting months for this phone book. I'm fed up with using the Internet to find phone numbers because it's a tiresome ordeal. A few weeks ago, I wanted to call my neighbor to see if she'd pick up the mail while I was away, and I couldn't find her number online.
Young people, of course, don't have landlines because they prefer cell phones. They even sleep with their cell phones, probably because landlines are no good if you want to play Words with Friends or send text messages or listen to Pandora. Landlines just sit there, waiting for a robocall, waiting for a telemarketer, waiting for bad news.
But I have problems with cell phones. At my daughter's home, I have to crawl behind the sofa to get service. When I go to New Hampshire, I have to trek outside and stand in sub-freezing temperatures beside the wood pile with the coyotes. And when I'm driving through Westport on the Merritt, I lose conference calls once I hit the dead zone.
On the other hand, we don't answer 80% of our landline calls because they're from people looking for money — salesmen for medical alert devices, charity solicitations, the Republican National Committee, my college, the Democratic National Committee, my college, the Better Business Bureau, my college. There's no escaping the pain, even though we've been on the so-called “no call” list for 20 years. Now junk calls are even polluting mobile phones.
But here's the real source of my annoyance. As I said, I didn't have my neighbor's phone number, so I went online to find it and got overwhelmed by dozens of sites with names like Been Verified, White Pages, Black Pages, Black & Blue Pages, People Search, Cubib, and Felons-R-Us, which offer online records for everything from voter registrations, arrests and DUIs to sexual proclivities. For a price, they'll provide everything except what you need.
Did I want her arrest record? NO. Did I want her dating history or marriage record? Double NO. Did I want to know if the FBI, the CIA, the NRA, the AAA were after her? NO. I didn't care. And I didn't care that her last husband was five years younger or that she lived in Dubuque, Iowa, followed by Opa-locka, Fla. Or that her mother is between 80 and 85 years old. Or that there are 21 other people in America with the same name.
For a mere $19.37, I could view her entire profile, whatever that means. I, myself, don't want an online identity. I want to remain anonymous. The crazy thing is that the people I want to have my phone number can't find it, but countless people, organizations and charities that I don't want to have my phone number are calling me every week, sometimes twice a day. How can we ever make America great again if we can't solve this problem?
Anyway, the good news is the phone book arrived, and I'm going out tonight with a shopping cart and picking up all those unwanted books to bring them home and store in my shed for safekeeping, just so I always have one handy. Let me know if you need one.
(Follow-up: I looked for my neighbor's number in the phone book. It wasn't there. Maybe someone ripped out the page. Maybe she's hiding from the FBI … or her college.)
Manchester United complete Lindelof signing
by Reuters News 15 Jun 2017, 00:32 IST
Football Soccer - Republic of Ireland v Sweden - EURO 2016 - Group E - Stade de France, Saint-Denis near Paris, France - 13/6/16 Sweden's Victor Lindelof applauds fans after the game REUTERS/John Sibley Livepic
LONDON (Reuters) - Manchester United have completed the signing of Sweden defender Victor Lindelof from Portuguese champions Benfica on a four-year contract with the option of extending it by another year, the Premier League club said on Wednesday.
"Manchester United is delighted to announce the signing of Victor Lindelof from Benfica from July 1, 2017," the winners of a record 20 English titles said on their official website (www.manutd.com).
"The 22-year-old Swedish international centre back is a versatile defender and will make his debut on the summer tour of the USA in July."
Lindelof, who Benfica said would join United for a fee of 35 million euros ($39.32 million), is manager Jose Mourinho's first close-season signing after winning the Europa League last month to qualify for next season's Champions League.
Mourinho, who also lifted the League Cup but finished a disappointing sixth in the Premier League, was delighted to have bolstered United's defence.
"Victor is a very talented young player, who has a great future ahead of him at United," said Mourinho.
"Our season last year showed us that we need options and quality to add depth to the squad and Victor is the first to join us this summer. I know that our fantastic group of players will welcome him as one of us."
Lindelof cut his teeth as a teenager at third-tier Swedish outfit Vasteras SK, a small club based some 100 kilometres outside Stockholm where he made his senior debut in 2010.
He signed a five-year deal with Benfica's B team in December 2011 and joined them in the summer of 2012.
After three years he moved up to the A team and has not looked back since, winning three Portuguese league titles, playing in the Champions League and making his international debut against Turkey in March 2016.
"I am thrilled to be joining Manchester United," said the defender, who is a superb reader of the game, strong in the tackle and able to pass the ball when he wins possession.
"I have enjoyed my time at Benfica enormously and I have learned a lot there. But I'm looking forward to playing in the Premier League at Old Trafford and for Jose Mourinho.
"I'm keen to get started and make my contribution to the team's efforts to win more trophies."
($1 = 0.8902 euros)
(Writing by Zoran Milosavljevic; Editing by Toby Davis)
“If they don't raise fares and treat drivers better we have many other platforms we can go to. I have a family to support,” he said.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A student has told how masked protesters disrupted a political talk at the University of the West of England.
William Bates, 20, vice-president of UWE Conservatives, described how he was shoved in a melee that erupted during the visit by Tory MP Jacob Rees-Mogg.
Mr Bates, who called police when trouble flared, has made a complaint of assault following the incident.
He filmed the assault on his phone (view video above).
He told the Bristol Post: “There were about 300 people and the lecture theatre was full. It was the biggest political event at UWE ever.
“Suddenly 12 protesters wearing black balaclavas and masks burst in through an insecure back door. It was very intimidating for all of the students.
“Jacob Rees-Mogg walked straight up towards them and engaged them, asking them about their views and issues.
“They chanted ‘Nazi scum' at him.”
This video, taken from a different angle, shows Rees-Mogg in a scuffle at the event:
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Mr Bates, who studies politics and international relations, said it was a disappointing disruption to what was a coup for UWE.
He said: “A lot of students were very keen to hear what he (Mr Rees-Mogg) had to say.
“We continued with the event afterwards.
“Even if people don't agree with him they find his politics very interesting.
“It was an exciting opportunity.
“To be fair there was violence, but there was not really serious violence.
“People were being hit and punched but no-one was seriously hurt.”
(Image: Chloe Kaye)
The North East Somerset MP appeared at the debate which was hosted by the university's Politics and International Relations Society (PAIRS).
In footage of the fracas Mr Rees-Mogg is seen coming in between the aggressors, holding them at arm's length.
A UWE student, Chloe Kaye, captured the incident on her phone, saying: "Huge amount of physical violence at a Jacob Rees Mogg speech in UWE Bristol".
A number of other people are seen filming the fight as well.
The event had been planned in advance by the society who said on their Facebook page they had sold out of tickets in the first seven minutes that they went on sale.
No arrests were made on the night but police are viewing CCTV in an investigation of the incident.
The university has said it believes none of its students were among protestors.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
An uninsured driver left two vulnerable children without their mother after he mowed her down while fleeing police.
Daniel Raeburn did not even have a licence when he ploughed into charity fundraiser Susan Shaw in the Boxing Day hit-and-run.
The mum-of-two suffered catastrophic injuries and died at the scene.
Raeburn, 31, has a string of previous motoring convictions including driving without a licence, no insurance and failing to stop after an accident, reports the Manchester Evening News.
(Image: Accrington Observer/MEN Media)
'We're the ones serving the real sentence': Mum's pain as driver who killed son given just six months behind bars
He fled the scene of the fatal crash before dumping his Vauxhall Corsa nearby.
He was arrested five days later following a nationwide manhunt.
Raeburn has now pleaded guilty to causing death by dangerous driving, driving without a licence and no insurance following the smash in Rishton, Lancashire.
(Image: Accrington Observer/MEN Media)
(Image: Accrington Observer/MEN Media)
Hit-and-run drunk driver who blamed homeless man after smashing his Mercedes into takeaway avoids jail
He faces up to 14 years behind bars.
Mum Susan, of Rishton, cared for her daughter Leanne, 27, and son Adam, 25, who both have severe epilepsy.
Speaking after the guilty plea Susan's mum Annette Shaw told how her daughter's death had left "two beautiful, vulnerable children without a mother and a carer".
Mrs Shaw added: “While there is some relief at the decision taken by the defendant to take responsibility for his actions today and plead guilty, nothing can undo what has happened or help mend the huge impact on mine and the rest of the family's lives and take away our pain.
(Image: Accrington Observer/MEN Media)
“The whole family remains traumatised by Susan's death.
“As a family, we believe we have been given a life sentence and that my daughter has been taken away too early and her two beautiful, vulnerable children are now left without a mother and a carer.
“Susan was a much loved and cherished family member, and a well-loved member of the community.
“She was always generous with her time, with both friends and strangers alike. It is heartbreaking what has happened to her. She did not deserve it.”
Burnley Crown Court heard that Raeburn had written a letter apologising to Susan's family.
(Image: Accrington Observer/MEN Media)
Defence barrister Mark Stuart said: “[Raeburn] has already given a letter which really is just an apology to the family of the deceased.
“It doesn't set out to mitigate his own position because that can't be done. The only mitigation is his guilty plea.”
Judge Beverley Lunt warned Raeburn he faced a ‘very substantial period of imprisonment'.
Raeburn, of Accrington, will be sentenced on February 21.
Firefighters are left sifting through damaged homes after a fire ripped through a Mid-Michigan apartment complex.
It happened early Tuesday morning at Fontaine Gardens in Saginaw Township.
At least one unit was destroyed.
A woman told TV5 she woke up to flames above her head. Thankfully, she and everyone else were able to get out safely. Sadly, someone's pet cat did die.
The fire remains under investigation.
Copyright 2018 WNEM (Meredith Corporation). All rights reserved.
Andersen Global, an international association of legally separate, independent member firms comprising tax and legal professionals around the world, was established in 2013 by US member firm Andersen Tax LLC.
New Delhi: Andersen Global on Wednesday, which is re-entering the Indian market after 16 years, announced an agreement with tax advisory firm Nangia Advisors LLP and with law firm Vaish Associates.
Andersen Global, an international association of legally separate, independent member firms comprising tax and legal professionals around the world, was established in 2013 by US member firm Andersen Tax LLC.
Effectively, this will be Andersen's second stint in India. The erstwhile Arthur Andersen was one of the big five accounting firms in the world before it wrapped up its operations in 2002 after the Enron scandal. Andersen Tax was founded by 23 former Arthur Andersen partners.
According to the terms of the agreement, these firms will provide services to clients of Andersen in India.
RIYADH – Custodian of the Two Holy Mosques King Salman received Jim Yong Kim, president of the World Bank, at Al-Yamama Palace in Riyadh on Tuesday. During the meeting, they discussed aspects of cooperation between the Kingdom and the World Bank Group.
Kim praised the Kingdom's Vision 2030, and expressed the Bank's desire to participate in achieving the Vision's objectives. The audience was attended by Crown Prince Muhammad Bin Naif, deputy premier and minister of interior, and several other high ranking officials.
Deputy Crown Prince Muhammad Bin Salman, second deputy premier and minister of defense, also met with the World Bank Chief Kim at his office on Tuesday.
During the meeting, they reviewed aspects of cooperation between the Kingdom and the World Bank and opportunities for partnership in accordance with the Kingdom's Vision 2030.
They also discussed cooperation on reconstruction of the war-torn country of Yemen. Kim expressed the World Bank's willingness to work with the Kingdom and other Gulf Cooperation Council (GCC) member states to frame the necessary programs for reconstruction in Yemen so as to overcome the current crisis and make available of the basic needs for the Yemeni people.
Minister of Finance Muhammad Al-Jadaan, Governor of Saudi Arabian Monetary Authority Ahmad Al-Khulaifi, and Kingdom's Executive Director at the World Bank Khaled Al-Khudairy also attended the meeting.
In their separate meeting, Kim and Al-Jadaan discussed the World Bank's support to the Kingdom in boosting sustainable development in a way contributing to achieve the goals of Kingdom's Vision 2030. They also reviewed the executive programs, capacity building, providing training to Saudi cadets and the appropriate mechanism for this.
ENTERTAINMENT
(KCON)
H.O.T (S.M. Entertainment)
(KCON)
(CJ E&M)
Has K-pop reached its peak? Or will it be able to keep climbing the ladder of global success?More than 20 years have passed since the first generation of K-pop boy groups H.O.T and Sechs Kies made waves within the Korean music scene in the ‘90s.In 2000, legendary dance music duo Clon went overseas and mesmerized fans in Taiwan, which heralded K-pop's overseas popularity.Since then, the K-pop industry has never slowed down in rolling out K-pop acts that appeal to a global audience, ranging from Girls' Generation, KARA, Wonder Girls, Big Bang, 2NE1, and most recently, Gangnam Style star Psy and Billboard award winner BTS.While it might not be the pace of the fast and the furious, K-pop experts say there is no doubt that K-pop is still enjoying its prime, and that it will continue to move forward in the next decade.“Think about it, it's been 17 years since K-pop first came to global attention. That's a time long enough to prove that K-pop is not just a temporary phenomenon, but a music genre that has ‘absolute' power and attractions,” said a music critic Lim Jin-mo during a recent talk with The Korea Herald.“K-pop has overcome its root as Asian music, which says that there's definitely something about it. I think those attractions are the acts' impressive group dance performances, singers' polished looks and chic vibes, their outstanding vocals, and lastly, production ability of their agencies. While 2PM is not as active in Korea as before, it's still going strong in other Asian countries,” he added.Bernie Cho, president of DFSB Kollective, a Korean music artist and label services agency, also said that K-pop is not just Korean pop music to many music fans in Asia.“K-pop is now accepted as ‘pop‘ music that is as popular as or even more popular than Western 'pop‘ music,” Cho said, adding that considering such momentum, K-pop is likely to mature and become more globalized in the next 10 years.World star Psy's 2012 breakout hit, which rose to No. 2 on the Billboard 100, and the unabating global fever for BTS may bode well for future K-pop artists. Despite its unprecedented rise, however, the current state of K-pop can't be free from concerns about a lack of diversity. While many quote in unison the declining musical diversity as one of K-pop's longtime problems, Im said it was not an open and shut issue.“It would be great if K-pop could escape from excessive dependence on teen idol dance music and incorporate diverse genres ranging from folk, rock and even to Korean traditional music. But do you really think international fans would listen to them? This is a complicated matter,” Im said.Unless the K-pop industry sees another breakthrough even more influential than Psy and BTS over the next decade, Im claimed that it could be hard for the industry to sustain the international spotlight.“The K-pop industry can't rehash Psy forever. In the end, people will get bored with similar tunes of idols such as B1A4 and BTS. That's the reason why the K-pop scene should give birth to another hit star that can propel the industry to the next level,” Im said.Addressing the concern that the K-pop genre needs to be refined in a way that can accentuate the dynamic diversity of Korea's different music genres as well, Cho said the Korean music chart system is partially responsible for K-pop's lack of diversity,“With all of the major Korean music charts funneling most types of Korean music into just one, single ‘K-pop' chart, it is impossible for Korean music acts of different genres to be fairly recognized, ranked, and respected in their own respective genre charts,” Cho said.Although teen idol dance music has been one of the most popular genres in Korea, urban music -- namely hip-hop and R&B -- has been becoming a more popular genre on the top 100 K-Pop singles charts, shows data released from Gaon Music Chart last year.“It's like asking a figure skater, speed skater, and ice hockey player to all compete on the same rink for the same gold medal in the same Olympic event,” he added.Is K-pop‘s future grim?Im projected that globetrotting K-pop acts will expand their ground from the US, K-pop's main overseas market, to China and its neighboring countries in the near future as K-pop continues to go more global.“S.M., for example, has been fixing their eyes on Asian countries. That's the reason why they initially created TVXQ in 2003, which translated into ‘Rising Gods of the East' in Korean. In the same context, S.M. had divided EXO to two sub groups -- EXO K and EXO M -- to target Korean and Chinese fans, respectively,” Im said.Although K-pop acts haven't been able to perform in China as actively as before since Korea-China relations soured last year over the deployment of the US THAAD missile system in Korea, Im believed the diplomatic spat between the two countries won't last forever.In order to tackle the lingering problem of limited definition of K-pop, Korea Creative Content Agency has been launching overseas musical events such as “K-pop Night Out” at SXSW that aim to help Korean musicians enter overseas markets.“We are making efforts to financially support and make room for musicians from various genres to gain a foothold overseas,” said Ji Kyeong-hwa from KOCCA's Music & Fashion Industry Team.“It is true that foreigners perceive K-pop as Korean idol music, but we hope K-pop doesn't get limited to such a narrow definition. I think more and more non-idol Korean artists will earn recognition by foreign fans in the next 10 years through such projects to promote various types of Korean music.”By Hong Dam-young ( lotus@heraldcorp.com
A helicopter from the National Police Air Service was dispatched to York twice this morning to help with two very different searches.
The first was the hunt for suspected burglars after North Yorkshire Police received reports of a break-in taking place at a cosmetics shop in Low Petergate shortly before 3am.
A police spokesman said: "Our officers arrived at the scene within four minutes of the call and the police helicopter attended soon after.
"Unfortunately, despite an extensive search of the area, no one has been arrested at this time."
Forensic enquiries were continuing at the scene this morning.
The helicopter returned to the city at around 4.25am when it searched a section of the river amid concerns that someone could be in the water.
Police had received a report of someone shouting near the river.
An extensive search of the area was carried out, but nobody was found.
Well, that's it. After 14 weeks and 13 gripping episodes, Outlander Season 3 is over and #Droughtlander is back. Seriously, where did the time go?
Thankfully, Starz knows the wait is no joke, and released a quick teaser to hold us over until Outlander's Season 4 return in 2018. As we just saw in the finale, Jamie and Claire landed in America after the Artemis was shipwrecked on its way home to Scotland. According to this clip, it looks like they're planning to make their home there.
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
The 20-second scene opens with the words, "A new land" and Claire speaking to Jamie: "There'll be lots of different people here, all hoping to live what will be called, 'the American dream.'" The words, "A new journey" flash as we see Claire and Jamie sitting on a hill with their horses behind them. Claire's wearing a new dress (finally!) and despite a few more grays in her hair, she and Jamie look exactly the same. He asks her, "Is that the same as our dream?" and Claire responds, smiling, "I suppose it is."
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
What could this mean? What makes Claire and Jamie decide to stay in America instead of returning to Scotland? What is their dream, anyway? As we already know, Jamie's Aunt Jocasta (Maria Doyle Kennedy) plays a big role in Season 4, and we also meet a new villain, Stephen Bonnet (played by Ed Speelers). Young Ian isn't going anywhere either, as he gets a furry new friend, Rollo, in the new season.
All will be revealed in 2018. Until then, find out everything else you need to know about Season 4 right here and catch up on all of BAZAAR.com's Outlander coverage.
Northern Health wants to remind the public about appropriate use of the emergency department at hospitals.
At this time of year the hospital sees an influx of people who come in for minor symptoms, like a cold or the flu.
Spokesperson for Northern Health, Eryn Collins says emergency rooms tend to patients who have the most serious health needs.
“That would include, but not limited to, breathing difficulties, severe bleeding or pain, broken bones, chest pain, suspected overdose, and eye injury.”
Collins urges people to use more community based resources like a family doctor or the walk in clinic if your condition doesn't appear as bad.
Patients who are unsure if their condition warrants a trip to the emergency room can get advice through HealthLink BC(8-1-1) or visist HealthLinkBC.ca
Five selected members of the Ghana Amputee Football Association have been trained in basic food craft as part of measures to create alternative means of livelihood and to make them self-employed.
The training, which took place at the Accra Sports Stadium, was an initiative of Siam Carving Academy, based in Bangkok, Thailand in collaboration with Anne's Perfections Fruit and Vegetable Decorations.
The trainees were taken through the basic act of soap carvings as a prelude to fruit and vegetable decorations, which would be arranged later than intermediate and advanced courses.
According to Mr. Larry Hertz, Director of Siam Carving Academy, the training is their social responsibility to the less privileged and it was aimed at whipping up their interest in the art.
“This is a basic introduction to the art; we would prepare a bigger programme for them towards the intermediate and advanced stages so that many of them could use it as an alternative means of earning some money to support themselves,” Mr. Hertz said.
He disclosed that, those who would be trained would impart their knowledge to others in the regions and other parts of the country, disclosing that they would return to Ghana to offer such courses, funds providing.
He appealed to the international community to support the initiative to enable them involve more persons.
For her part, Madam Anne E. Sarfo, Director of Anne's Perfections, said there are many opportunities in the fruit and vegetable craft sector that can be explored if members of the Association and other Persons with Disability (PWDs) take advantage of the training programme.
She appealed to philanthropists and corporate bodies to support the programme to change the lives of the under-privileged.
The General Secretary of the Ghana Amputee Football Association, who happens to be the Secretary General of the World Amputee Football Federation (WAFF) expressed gratitude to the organizers and appealed for support to expand the training to reach many more PWDs.
The training was supervised by Mrs. Laong Wan Hertz, a Thai and wife of the Mr. Larry Hertz.
The training was partially supported by Kamafari Photography and One Lens Videography.
When it comes to choosing a processor for PC gaming, there are only two contenders: Intel and AMD.
As part of TechRadar's PC Gaming Week, we've pitted the two titans of the CPU world against each other. In the red corner, we have AMD, the plucky pretender to the throne that's had a rough few years out in the wilderness, but has now come out swinging with its new line of Ryzen CPUs.
In the blue corner, there's Intel, the current world champion – but for how long?The battle of the CPUs has just heated up with AMD's release of Ryzen.
Competitive price and performance could mean that Intel's once unassailable lead in the gaming PC processor race could be in trouble. So, which company builds the best CPU for slapping into your gaming rig? There's only one way to find out… fight!
Both PCs used in this showdown were built by Fierce PC , a UK-based company, and come packed with some of the latest technology.
The Red corner
Imperial Clash - AMD Edition
CPU: 3.8GHz AMD Ryzen 7 1700 (8-core, 16MB cache)
GPU: Asus ROG STRIX GeForce GTX 1080 8GB
Hard Drive: Seagate 1TB Hybrid SSHD
Cooling System: Thermaltake Water 3.0 RGB Fans 240mm Water
PSU: Thermaltake Smart Pro 650W Fully ModularRGB Fan
RAM: Corsair Vengeance LPX 2400MHz 16GB DDR4 Memory
SSD: Samsung SM961 256GB Super Fast M.2 Drive Storage
Case: Thermaltake View 27 Mid Tower Case
The Blue corner
Imperial Clash - Intel Edition
CPU: 4.6Ghz Intel Core i7-7700K (4-core, 8MB cache)
GPU: Asus ROG STRIX GeForce GTX 1080 8GB
Hard Drive: Seagate 1TB Hybrid SSHD
Cooling System: Thermaltake Water 3.0 RGB Fans 240mm Water
PSU: Thermaltake Smart Pro 650W Fully ModularRGB Fan
RAM: Corsair Vengeance LPX 2400MHz 16GB DDR4 Memory
SSD: Samsung SM961 256GB Super Fast M.2 Drive Storage
Case: Thermaltake View 27 Mid Tower Case
Our two contenders first squared up over GTA V. You may have heard of this game – it's sold 75 million copies since the last count – with its combination of violence, satire and storytelling obviously striking a chord with gamers around the world. And of course, the best place to play it is on PC.
With a huge open world that teems with people, wildlife and of cars to steal and drive, GTA V can give any PC it's installed on a good workout.
For this round, we used the built-in benchmark tool for GTA V to see just how well each rig can run the game at 1080p resolution.
First, we ran the benchmark on both PCs with all graphical settings set to low. As we suspected, this didn't cause either rig a problem, with the AMD system hitting an average of 154.35 frames per second (fps).
The Intel system didn't quite reach those heights, with an average fps of 148.59. Still, these are incredibly impressive speeds that console gamers could only dream of.
But, no one wants to play games at the lowest possible settings! So, we also put all the settings to maximum in order to really test these systems.
This involved increasing texture and shadow details, as well as boosting the density of people and vehicle population.
Despite the extra workload placed on the machines, both PCs performed admirably, with the AMD rig averaging 66.61 fps, and the Intel machine scoring 70.23 fps. These are both more than double the frames-per-second scores that the Xbox One and PS4 can manage.
Round one winner: Intel
Both AMD and Intel put up a great fight in this opening round, but Intel just ekes out a win, thanks to a few extra frames per second during the ultra benchmark test. Even so, the AMD machine nipped at its heels, and both CPUs proved they can produce an amazing GTA 5 experience.
The Division is another popular PC game that puts PCs through their paces, thanks to a combination of large open world design and impressive graphics.
Once again, we ran the built-in benchmark test that comes with the game on both low and ultra settings to see how well these PCs could cope.
On the lowest settings, the AMD Ryzen rig decimated the test, scoring a huge 189.9 fps on average. Not to be outdone, the Intel machine put up an an even better fight, managing 229.6 fps on the lowest setting.
But, what about with the graphical settings all whacked up to the max? The AMD machine remained sure-footed with an impressively high fps of 97.7.
That's an immense performance considering all the graphical bells and whistles enabled in ultra mode. What's even more impressive is that the PS4 just about manages 30 fps at 1080p, while the Xbox One can't even reach 1080p resolutions and a solid 30 fps!
So, with that kind of performance, does AMD have this round in the bag? Unfortunately not, as Intel again comes out swinging with a whopping 104.1 fps!
Round two winners: Intel
In both benchmarks, Intel proves to be the victor, with a clear fps advantage. However, AMD shouldn't be too despondent – its performance is still very good – and blows current consoles out of the water.
With the games out of the way, we're now putting the AMD and Intel gaming PCs through a series of benchmark tests that will truly find out what the best processor is for gaming.
We'll start with the 3DMark Time Spy benchmark. This is a recent test that puts DirectX 12-toting machines through their paces.
It does this by rendering a number of action scenes with an animated character as it walks through a museum (which contains exhibits of former 3DMark benchmarks, offering some geeky Easter eggs). The location the benchmark film takes place in is incredibly detailed, and at certain points the demo includes fast moving action, and a huge crystal-like monster. All of this is designed to bring even the most powerful PCs to their knees.
Despite being a benchmark that primarily targets graphics cards, it's also a good indicator of how well each processor backs up the GPU when they are being thoroughly tested.
As with other 3DMark benchmark tests, the results are given as a set of numbers, with the higher the score, the better the performance. The AMD PC was first up, and managed 7,312 – a very decent score considering how intensive this benchmark workout is.
Next up, Intel entered the ring, and scored a still decent 7,135 – but not quite enough to the best AMD.
Round three winners: AMD
Once again, the scores are pretty close, with AMD edging out Intel. This suggests that the AMD chip is slightly better at helping the GPU handle some of the advanced graphics tasks the Time Spy benchmark utilises – such as asynchronous compute.
Fire Strike is another graphically-intensive benchmark test that has been built to put the latest high-performance gaming PCs through their paces, and it features impressive real-time graphics that can show off what gaming rigs are capable of.
Once again, it features highly detailed environments, fast action and complex graphical and environmental effects, such as explosions and fire.
With this test, the AMD rig put in a very good performance with a score of 15,444. Meanwhile, the Intel machine, bruised from its loss in the last round, fought back with a mighty 18,043.
Round four winners: Intel
The Intel machine takes the lead with this test, showing that it's a formidable processor for intensive games – as long as you pair it with a powerful graphics card – like we did with the GTX 1080.
Our final 3DMark benchmark is Skydiver. This is one of the easier benchmark tests in the 3DMark suite, aimed more at gaming laptops and mid-range PCs. However, it is still a valuable tool for gauging just how well a PC can handle DirectX 11 graphics, especially when it comes to physics.
Showing off realistic physics (such as how scenery can get destroyed and react to gravity, for example) is a key part to making games feel more immersive and realistic than ever, so a good score in the Skydiver benchmark is definitely a good sign that your rig is up to the task.
In this test, the AMD machine put in a great performance with a score of 36,851. Such a high score compared to the other 3DMark benchmarks shows how Skydiver is a less intense benchmark to pass.
Not to be outdone, the Intel machine produced a score of 39,210.
Round five winners: Intel
Intel blasts ahead of AMD in this round. That said, the very high scores both PCs obtained shows just how powerful they are – either one would be a fantastic choice for your gaming rig.
The next benchmark test we put both PCs through was courtesy of Geekbench 4. This suite of tests can be used to benchmark a range of devices, and we used it to test out how well the processors in each machine perform under stressful circumstances.
As the processors are the two main features that differentiate the two PCs, this is a round that each contestant would really want to win. The benchmark replicates real-world tasks and applications, sometimes very complex ones, and uses them to see how the processors react. A higher score means the CPU is more proficient at completing those tasks.
Can the AMD Ryzen 7 1700 beat the Intel Core i7-7700K? Well, the AMD scored 3,589 in the single core benchmark, and 19,054 in the multi core tests.
Meanwhile, the Intel machine racked up 5,762 in the single core benchmark, and 17,314 in the multi core tests.
Round six winners: Draw
We're going to have to call this one a draw, and the mixed results really show the strengths of both the AMD and the Intel processors. Intel's higher single core score points to more powerful individual cores in the chip.
The fact that Fierce PC, the builders of the two rigs we're testing, overclocked the Intel Core i7-7700K to 4.6GHz, while the AMD Ryzen 7 1700 is overclocked at 3.8GHz goes some way to explaining the improved single core success of the Intel chip.
Meanwhile, AMD's dominance in the multi-core benchmark is a clear indicator that AMD's choice to include eight cores in its Ryzen 7 CPUs, compared to the Intel chip's four cores, was a wise one.
So, for single-core processes, the Intel chip is the one to go for, but for multi-core processes, you'd want the AMD.
DirectX 12, a popular collection of application programming interfaces (API) that many games use for advanced graphical effects, now uses multi-core CPUs more effectively than previous versions. So, while octa-core CPUs, like the AMD Ryzen 7 1700, may still be a bit of an overkill for some games, if you want to future proof your gaming machine, you may want to look at the CPU with the best multi-core performance.
Cinebench is the next hurdle our two competitors must clear, and it's another benchmark that uses real-world tests to stress out the hardware of the machines it's running on to see just how powerful (or not) your PC is.
In the CPU benchmark, it uses the PC's processor to render a photorealistic 3D scene whilst using a number of algorithms designed to stress all available processor cores. According to Maxon, the company behind the Cinebench benchmark, the CPU test renders 2,000 objects (made up of over 300,000 polygons), with sharp and blurred reflections, lighting, shadows and many more complex effects.
At the end of the test, the CPU is given a score – and the higher the number, the faster the processor is.
Once again, we tested the AMD machine first, and it fared very well with a score of 1,368 points. It was then the turn of the Intel machine, which put up a valiant effort, but didn't quite match AMD, with a score of 892.
Round seven winners: AMD
AMD once again took the lead in the CPU benchmark, showing that for pure processing power, the additional four cores in the Ryzen 7 1700 prove very useful.
Ding ding ding! The bell has been rung, but let's sneak in a cheeky extra round: price. This is traditionally AMD's strongest area, as it is often able to undercut Intel on price grounds.
On its own, an AMD Ryzen 7 1700 processor will set you back around £300/$310/around AU$400. Meanwhile, an Intel Core i7-7700K CPU will set you back around the same, at £320/$350/around AU$460.
The price is also very close if you buy the ready-made PCs we tested here. The Fierce PC Imperial Clash – Intel Edition goes for £1,849.95 (around $2,350, AU$3180), while the Fierce PC Imperial Clash – AMD Edition is priced at £1,819.95 (around $2,300, AU$3100).
Bonus round winner: AMD
It's a very close result to call, but AMD is still marginally cheaper than Intel. So, if you're a budget-conscious gamer, you'll want to pick the AMD Ryzen 7 CPU for its price and performance combination.
However, the price difference isn't that great, so if the rounds wherein the Intel machine pulled ahead have impressed you, then you won't go wrong with paying extra for the additional oomph.
Crowning the champion
What a fight! When these two heavyweights first squared up, we wouldn't think that it would be this close. Both machines put in brilliant performances in all the tests, and each one had a number of rounds in which they truly shined.
The Intel machine, packing a Core i7-7700K processor, pulled ahead in the first few rounds when it came to pushing the most frames per second in some of the most demanding PC games.
However, the AMD Ryzen 7 1700-toting PC remained competitive, especially during the rounds where it could really show off its octa-core might. The fact that it kept toe-to-toe with the Intel machine, while remaining cheaper, is also supremely impressive.
But neither machine landed a knockout blow that completely destroyed its competition. That means we can recommend either machine (and the CPUs they use) as an ideal choice for PC gamers.
But there can be only one champion, and while both competitors won the same amount of rounds, there was one contender who excelled at the gaming benchmarks, which is what counts in this contest.
So, this year's PC Gaming Week CPU Champion is…
Can AMD take the crown next time? We'll no doubt be holding a rematch very soon…
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Helen Lederer has been rumoured for Celebrity Big Brother on numerous occasions - including last series but this year she finally showed up on launch night.
Last year, the Absolutely Fabulous actress was one of the first stars linked to the lineup, however when it came to the launch night, she unexpectedly didn't appear in the show opener.
The next day, Helen told her Twitter followers that the rumours had been based on a misunderstanding.
But now that the comedian's finally in the CBB house, we're in for some laughs. Here is everything you need to know about her…
(Image: PA)
Who is Helen Lederer and where is she from?
Born on September 24, 1954 in Llandovery, Wales, to an English mother and Czech father, Helen grew up in Eltham, south east London and was educated at Blackheath High School.
The actress and comedian has a BA in applied social science and received a doctorate from Middlesex University.
Helen was previously married to Roger Alton, former editor of the Observer, with whom she had daughter Hannah Lederer, also an an actress.
Now, Helen is married to Chris Browne, a GP.
The self-proclaimed party lover decided late last year that she needed to lose weight after her love of “the bolly” played havoc on her waistline. In an interview with the Mirror, she described how she shed the pounds during a hardcore detox retreat in December 2016.
Why is Helen Lederer famous?
Helen is one of Britain's most familiar comedy character actresses. Helen is best known for her role as the dippy Catriona in all five series of Absolutely Fabulous between 1992 and 2012.
(Image: BBC)
She has a string of theatre credits to her name including West End productions Educating Rita and Calendar Girls.
The mum-of-one was also cast in Cbeebies TV show Old Jack's Boat where she played Miss Bowline-Hitch - a kindly, middle-aged lady who cycles through the town doing busy things, organising the lives of the village.
TV appearances aside, Helen also does stand-up comedy, writes regular newspaper columns on topics ranging from feminism to wine, and she has written a number of books includeing her comedy novel 'Losing It', which was published on in February 2015 by Pan Macmillan.
MONROE, La. — Frank Bartley IV had 22 points to lead Louisiana to its 20th win of the season, beating Louisiana-Monroe 80-59 on Saturday to remain undefeated in Sun Belt Conference play.
This was the earliest date in school history for the Ragin' Cajuns to reach the 20-win mark. Louisiana (20-3, 10-0) has won 20 games for the fourth time in the past five years. The win also gives Louisiana 16 straight Sun Belt wins over two seasons.
The Ragin' Cajuns will face Georgia State, the second-place team, on Thursday.
Malik Marquetti had 17 points, JaKeenan Gant added 14 with six blocks and Johnathan Stove and Bryce Washington chipped in 12 apiece for the Ragin' Cajuns.
"It would be a huge accomplishment to win here in front of my home crowd," Watson said. "What a dream that would be, my dad was in the military so now we've got the name of the tournament. It just would mean a lot for my family to honour my late dad."
It's the first tournament for Mickelson since the U.S. Open, when he intentionally violated golf rules by hitting a moving ball on the 13th green in the third round. He later apologized, saying his anger and frustration got the best of him.
The West Virginia stop could see a change when the PGA Tour reveals its full schedule this month for the next FedEx Cup season. The tournament at Sam Snead's former playground in White Sulphur Springs is under contract through 2021.
Watson, for one, wouldn't mind seeing a schedule change. From a business standpoint, he said the Fourth of July holiday always is a hectic time at The Greenbrier, so moving the tournament to later in the year, especially with the area's spectacular fall foliage on display, would give the resort yet another busy week.
"I've always thought that the fall would be great," he said.
Up for grabs this week are four spots in the British Open at Carnoustie starting July 19. Those will go to players not already exempt among the top 12 finishers in West Virginia.
All past winners are in the field. So is Abraham Ancer, who was tied for the lead entering the final round of last week's Quicken Loans National. He finished tied for fourth.
Nineteen-year-old Norman Xiong is playing in his first tournament as a professional. He won the Haskins Award as the nation's top college golfer during his sophomore year at Oregon, earning him an exemption at The Greenbrier.
"It's pretty low-key here, so my mind's pretty settled and I'm just trying to prepare the best I can for the upcoming week," Xiong said. "It's a different stage. It's kind of a new beginning. I don't know too many guys out here. Hopefully soon I can make some friends."
By John Raby, The Associated Press
Bob Costas introduced Nelly before the start of today's Winter Classic between the Chicago Blackhawks and St. Louis Blues. While doing so, he sent a strong message to anyone who thinks the veteran broadcaster has lost a step or two.
That message? I'm still here, guys, and I'm as relevant as ever.
Costas displayed both a strong knowledge of Nelly's lyrics and hockey equipment while using an economy of words. It's hard to imagine any viewer watching live will soon forget where they were when this moment of television magic occurred.
NATIONAL
People are seen bundled up in warm clothes in Suwon, Gyeonggi Province, on Monday morning, as the season's strongest cold snap sent the mercury down to as low as around minus 10 degrees in inland areas. (Yonhap)
The strongest cold wave of this winter began and will continue to grip the nation throughout the week, the Korea Meteorological Administration said Monday.Temperatures in inland regions fell to around minus 10 degrees Celsius Monday morning with strong winds. They are forecast to dip even further Tuesday morning, with Seoul seeing a low of minus 12 degrees.“Due to the influence of a continental anticyclone expanding from northern China, most regions in Korea will see clear skies until Wednesday, Dec. 13. The western coast of South Chungcheong Province, Jeolla provinces and Jeju Island, however, will see partially cloudy skies and snow,” the KMA said.The KMA issued heavy snowfall advisories Monday morning for Seocheon and Boryeong in South Chungcheong Province, Jeongeup, Iksan, Gimje, Gunsan, Buan and Gochang in North Jeolla Province.By Tuesday, a snowfall of 5 to 15 centimeters is expected on the western coast of the Jeolla provinces; 3 to 10 centimeters in inland regions of Jeolla provinces and mountain areas of Jeju Island; and 1 to 3 centimeters on the rest of Jeju Island and inland areas of the Chungcheong provinces.The morning lows on Tuesday will range between minus 17 degrees Celsius and minus 2 degrees Celsius. Daytime highs will range between minus 6 degrees Celsius and 3 degrees Celsius, the KMA said.By Kim So-hyun (sophie@heraldcorp.com)
CEO Of The Humane Society Resigns Amid Allegations of Sexual Harassment
Enlarge this image toggle caption Jonathan Bachman/AP Images for The Humane Society of the United States Jonathan Bachman/AP Images for The Humane Society of the United States
The president and CEO of the Humane Society of the United States, Wayne Pacelle, has resigned effective immediately, the nonprofit group announced Friday.
Pacelle had been at the center of a controversy over allegations that he had sexually harassed three female subordinates at the Humane Society, one of the country's largest animal charities.
The move came a day after the group's board of directors had voted to keep Pacelle despite the allegations dating to 2005.
In a statement, Humane Society Board Chair Rick Bernthal said:
"The last few days have been very hard for our entire family of staff and supporters. We are profoundly grateful for Wayne's unparalleled level of accomplishments and service to the cause of animal protection and welfare."
Bernthal said that the president of the Humane Society's international affiliate, Kitty Block, has been named as acting chief executive.
The development came just hours after Bernthal had defended the group's decision yesterday to allow Pacelle to remain as CEO. In a statement, Bernthal said that after an investigation:
"The board reviewed the information assembled and determined that there was not sufficient evidence to remove Wayne Pacelle from his position as CEO. "Many of the allegations were explosive in nature, and reading or hearing about them is a shock to anyone. It was to us, too. But when we sifted through the evidence presented, we did not find that many of these allegations were supported by credible evidence."
Bernthal also denied that his group had offered settlements to three other workers who said they were dismissed or demoted after raising concerns about Pacelle's alleged sexual misconduct. "The Board concluded that there was no motivation behind severance agreements to silence women who had spoken up or raised concerns," he said.
After the board voted to retain Pacelle, the CEO acknowledged that the controversy was taking a toll.
Pacelle had told the New York Times earlier on Friday that he was assessing his future professional life:
"'I'm going to take stock of everyone's opinion and assess where I go and where the organization goes from here,' he said. 'I think leadership changes at organizations are often very healthy and renewing, and I'm going to talk with staff and board members and find the best course that [contributes] to our mission of fighting for all animals.' "
Yet pressure was building for Pacelle's dismissal from both inside and out the organization, with major donors announcing that they were withdrawing their support from the group.
In a statement earlier Friday, the president of the National Organization for Women, Toni Van Pelt, had called for Pacelle's firing:
"Like Donald Trump, the Humane Society is engaged in a cover up in plain sight. Instead of trying to enable a sexual abuser, they should dismiss him. Instead of making excuses, they should be making reparations. Instead of silencing or attacking women who've suffered abuse, and those who defend them, the Humane Society should change its own culture. "The Humane Society needs to know this. Women are watching. We know when a charity deserves our support, and when it fails the most basic obligations of trust. "The Humane Society has no humanity. Fire Wayne Pacelle. Do it now."
The initial decision to retain Pacelle also had led to the resignation of seven protesting board members.
RADIO: Sportsnet 590 The FAN
NEED TO KNOW
It's their first meeting of the season. The Jays were 10-9 vs. the Red Sox last year (4-5 at Rogers Centre, 6-4 at Fenway Park). The Jays have not had a winning season at home against Boston since 2011, going 21-26 in those five years. On the other hand, they have had three winning seasons in a row at Fenway.
KEY PLAYERS
Bautista/Betts
Blue Jays right fielder Jose Bautista has been playing his best defence in several years, with a throwing arm that needs to be respected, but his hitting as one of the remaining keys in the middle of the order needs to improve. Bautista has seven walks and 15 strikeouts. His totals in those categories are usually about even when he is going well. He's also hitless in seven at-bats with runners in scoring position and has no RBIs in the Jays' two wins. For the Red Sox, right fielder Mookie Betts is coming off a breakout year in 2016, when he finished second in AL MVP voting. For his career, Betts has 50 hits in 42 games against the Jays with four homers and seven steals. With the departure of David Ortiz, Betts is the young face of a talented lineup.
ON DECK
Four-game series at Los Angeles Angels, starting Friday
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Medy Elito's goal was not enough as Cambridge United remain in search of their first win of the season following a 2-1 defeat at home to Carlisle in Sky Bet League Two.
Reggie Lambe gave the Cumbrians the edge after just eight minutes with a shot from the edge of the box.
But Elito levelled for United six minutes later with a penalty after being fouled in the box by Gary Liddle.
Tom Parkes grabbed what turned out to be the winner for the visitors on 39 minutes by stabbing home after David Forde, making his competitive home debut, had managed to touch an effort on to the bar following a corner.
However, Jabo Ibehre almost equalised against his former club late on only to see his header from Leon Davies' cross hit the bar.
Now take a look at our gallery below of pictures from the game.
Arrested For Calling Someone A MAN In The U.K. Video – We Are Change
In this video, Luke Rudkowski of WeAreChange gives you the latest breaking news on freedom of speech and censorship in the United Kingdom, where we go on the street of the U.K to talk about the internet police arresting people for offensive speech. We randomly ran into Vernon Mussington an entrepreneur who was recently arrested for misgendering a trans person by calling them, Geezer.
Video Source
loading...
Sharing is caring!
OPINION
Misinformation and propaganda have been around for as long as mass communication. What has changed is the speed and scale of the delivery. Social media platforms have intensified the spread of pseudoscience and conspiracy theories, threatening democratic institutions in frightening new ways. One only has to Google “Russia” and “Trump” to see the impact of so-called fake news on democracy. But the best way to fight disinformation may be to follow the example set by Ukraine, a country that has faced its own barrage of Russian-funded deceit.Around the world, people who believe that facts still matter are fighting back. US news organizations are fortifying their positions by emphasizing core journalistic practices such as source verification and fact checking. Independent verifiers and fact checkers have also become important resources for the public.But as the line between news producer and consumer blurs, it is becoming increasingly difficult to navigate the swamp of misinformation. While a number of new initiatives -- such as the News Literacy Project's Checkology training courses, and Factitious, an online game that tests users' ability to identify fake news -- are trying to bolster the public's filtering capacity, the impact has so far been limited. Owing to confirmation bias, exposure to concepts that conflict with ingrained beliefs may entrench assumptions, rather than leading us to revise them. And, in a media landscape where even politicians rely on data mining and neuroscience to craft messages based on voters' state of mind, it is hard to separate truth from falsehood.Against this background, training in “media literacy” -- skills to help analyze and evaluate news -- has become almost sexy. Media literacy programs have been around for decades in the US, focusing on issues like media bias and the impact of violence on children. But media literacy for today's world means equipping people of all ages with the means to navigate an increasingly convoluted information ecosystem. And formal training in media literacy may be the best means of winning the war on state-sponsored, politically motivated propaganda.Russia's propaganda war on Ukraine -- a well funded, widely distributed, and highly sophisticated media drive meant to undermine the Ukrainian government's legitimacy -- has been ongoing for years. The Russian effort has been so aggressive that in 2015, the Ukrainian government reportedly warned officials at Facebook and within the US government that a similar strategy could be used against the US.Facebook appears to have dismissed that warning, but media development organizations like mine did not. In October 2015, experts from IREX -- backed by funding from the Canadian government and the support of local Ukrainian organizations -- launched a nine-month media literacy-training course called Learn to Discern (L2D). Through skills-based workshops and fake news awareness campaigns, we sought to equip citizens with tools to identify Russia's fabricated stories. The results were encouraging.Program participants reported gaining a deeper appreciation of what is needed to consume news wisely. For example, when we surveyed people at the beginning of the course, only 21 percent said that they “almost always” crosschecked the news they consume, a troubling rate for a country where trust in media is low but consumption is high. After the training, the percentage surged to 81 percent.We also found that the program produced ripple effects: 91 percent of trainees shared the knowledge they received with an average of six people, such as family members and co-workers. An estimated 90,000 Ukrainians were reached indirectly.The L2D training drew on principles developed in the US, but built the methodology from the ground up. Collaborating with Ukrainian experts, we incorporated actual media consumption, sharing, and production patterns into the course design. Most important, we imparted critical thinking skills, teaching participants how to select and process media, not what to consume.L2D trainers worked across peer networks, building knowledge and skills on the basis of trusted relationships. Research shows that loyalty to social groups, plus shared identity and values, have an outsize influence on what we discern to be true.Perhaps the program's most innovative feature was its focus on teaching consumers how to detect emotional manipulation, and how to disengage from such information. In a country where emotions regarding Russian influence run high, this skill is essential. Long after L2D formally ended, trainers have continued running programs independently, reflecting growth in demand for their services.Our experience in Ukraine demonstrates that a multi-layered approach, working at the levels of critical thinking, individual and group psychology, and social trust, provides a better defense against fake news than simple fact checking.Clearly, more work must be done to boost healthy skepticism among news consumers and increase demand for factual information. But media literacy training, if organized with local needs in mind, can help. As disinformation amplifies threats to democracy, and the debate about how to defuse fake news intensifies, consumers can take comfort in knowing that with a little practice, it is possible to discern fact from well-concealed fiction.Tara Susman-Pena is a senior technical adviser for media at the IREX Center for Applied Learning and Impact. -- Ed.
Kilauea's Fast-Moving Lava Threatens Another Community, Volcanic Haze Reaches Guam
U.S. Geological Survey YouTube
It has been 27 days since the massive eruption of Kilauea sent lava gushing from cracks, spreading destruction through communities in the southeastern corner of Hawaii's Big Island. And now volcanic haze drifting across 4,000 miles threatens some residents of Guam, according to officials.
The National Weather Service reported volcanic haze produced by the activity of the rumbling volcano has been carried along by strong winds over the Mariana Islands.
"Residents with respiratory health problems should stay indoors and avoid being outdoors when haze is seen," Guam's homeland security office said in a statement. "Mariners and pilots should be aware of lower visibilities caused by this haze."
Although the haze does not contain sulfur dioxide or other toxic chemicals, a NWS official told NPR the particles in the air can still be harmful to people with sensitive respiratory systems. The official added the haze is expected to dissipate by the end of Thursday morning but will likely return as Kilauea continues to erupt.
Enlarge this image toggle caption Mario Tama/Getty Images Mario Tama/Getty Images
On the island, conditions have worsened. Each day brings some sort of geologic phenomenon, including laze, blue flames, vog, ash clouds, ballistic blocks, splatter bombs, sky-high lava fountains, ash plumes, and more than 2000 earthquakes.
On Wednesday U.S. Geological Survey officials warned fast-moving lava threatened to tear through more homes in the already ravaged communities of Leilani Estates and Lanipuna Gardens. They estimated violent eruptions of molten rock spewing out of a nearby fissure — Fissure 8 — were burning through anything in its path at a rate of 600 yards per hour.
Additionally, a lava fountain rising out of the crack in the Earth was spraying more than 200 feet into the air, and multiple secondary fountains reached 60 feet.
The USGS reported the fiery springs have caused sharp, thin strands of volcanic glass fibers called "Pele's hair" to fall from the sky throughout the Leilani Estates and Pahoa region. The dangerous fibers — named after Hawaiian fire and volcano goddess Pele — are produced when lava splatter droplets cools rapidly in the air and can cause skin and eye irritation similar to volcanic ash.
Officials are urging people to steer clear of tiny and abrasive particles of glass.
Meanwhile, Hawaii County Civil Defense scrambled to get residents out of Kapoho, a neighborhood north of Leilani Estates, before they became trapped by advancing lava.
"You are at risk of being isolated due to possible lava inundation of Beach Road near Four Corners," the USGS warned Wednesday.
Volcanic gas emissions, consisting of sulfuric dioxide also remained "very high" and the weather exacerbated the poor air quality. Wind conditions in the coming days means "vog" — volcanic gas mixed with ash — is expected to spread over the island, according to the USGS.
Hawaii Public Radio reported about 22 fissures have torn open the ground and at least 40 homes have been wrecked since May 3. More than 2,000 acres of land have been smothered by lava and about 200 people are staying in emergency shelters.
The most recent map of lava flows can be found here.
The agency has been updating the public, disseminating vital safety information and responding to questions over Twitter since early May but on Tuesday, officials took some time to respond to an odd query: Jay Furr wanted to know, "Is it safe to roast marshmallows over volcanic vents? Assuming you had a long enough stick, that is? Or would the resulting marshmallows be poisonous?"
"Erm...we're going to have to say no, that's not safe. (Please don't try!)," replied the USGS before delivering a little science. "If the vent is emitting a lot of SO2 or H2S, they would taste BAD. And if you add sulfuric acid (in vog, for example) to sugar, you get a pretty spectacular reaction."
The good sports at the USGS chose not to specify exactly what happens when sulfuric acid and sugar are mixed, but many others on the Internet have and you can see them here.
10 of the most chilling crimes committed by MMA fighters
MMA and crime have a long and disturbing connection.
by Sudhir Top 5 / Top 10 15 Feb 2017, 14:36 IST
All the fortitude ingrained by a lifetime of fighting can be undone in a second by human fragility
The parable of tortured youths finding refuge and purpose in combat sports is ever uplifting. There are countless examples of martial arts being the light at the end of the tunnel to the distressing familiarity of a toxic childhood.
Some would contradict this, calling it institutionalised violence. But to summarise a person's life and experiences into an academic opinion is like the jar of ash that remains as a token of a human being.
It is said that fighters are born, not made. The converse is also believed by some. But nature versus nurture aside, a true fighter always knows where the cage ends and the real world begins.
In today's non-stop world, it is all too common that we find individuals who are defined by their profession and not their passion. For a martial artist, this could prove malignant. All the fortitude ingrained by a lifetime of fighting can be undone in a second by human fragility.
Even the most virtuous of fighters can be caught unawares and fall prey to that which he sought to escape with the help of the martial arts. It is difficult to pinpoint why – the cost of years of round-the-clock physical purging? The weight of excelling at the top tiers of the sport? Genetic chinks, too small to notice, that with time, grew to fissures?
Or perhaps the disorientation that collapses like a wall when confronted by the reality of where one is compared to the soaring vision of their destination?
Whatever the reason, there are a number of dreadful instances where mixed martial artists reacted to situations with violence. These are particularly alarming because a person studied in martial arts is prolifically more dangerous than one who is not, when enraged.
Mercifully, most of them didn't end in devastating consequences. But brutality always begets ugliness, regardless of its scale. Here are ten awful moments when MMA fighters spun out of control and committed the most abhorrent acts:
#10 Vyacheslav Datsik
Datsik was imprisoned for nine years! (Pic Credit: Fightland)
Datsik is a man out of time; he would have been more at home in the Turbulent Thirties as a sparkling member of the Nazi party. The Red-Haired Tarzan's lone spark in MMA was his KO of future UFC Heavyweight Champion Andrei Arlovski.
His robbing of mobile phone stores at gunpoint were juvenile compared to what followed. In 2010, Datsik's brazen anti-Semitism and anti-Christianity (he was firm that Jesus Christ is a Mossad agent) led doctors to conclude that he is schizophrenic and landed him in psychiatric confinement.
Two months later, Datsik escaped from the clinic by tearing the wire fence with his bare hands. He then illegally crossed into Norway, where he declared himself a racist and a “white warrior” before requesting political asylum. He was detained in Norway before being deported to mother Russia.
Nine years of incarceration did not soften Datsik; after his release, stories surfaced of his “raids” on brothels, during which he paraded prostitutes and customers naked through the streets.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get football updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Arsenal signing Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang was the final factor to convince Mesut Ozil to stay at the Emirates, claim reports.
Ozil agreed a whopping new deal on Thursday and landing Aubameyang was the sign that the Gunners were going in the right direction that Ozil needed, says the Star.
Aubameyang meant Arsenal were able to replace departed Alexis Sanchez along with the arrival of Henrikh Mkhitaryan.
Of course, another major factor was the £350,000-a-week they are now paying Ozil and the fact that not even the Chinese Super League or Man United offered that much.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Mesut Ozil and Arsenal finally announce new mega-deal
Mesut Ozil's future has finally been decided with the long-time contract rebel announcing he's agreed a new deal with Arsenal until 2021.
“Proud to announce: I signed dat thing,” the German tweeted today with a nod to the now-departed Theo Walcott.
He shared his delight at the new deal that will make him one of the highest paid players in the Premier League.
Arsenal has said farewell to Alexis Sanchez, with the Chilean moving to Manchester United in the January transfer window, and Ozil was set to be a free agent in the summer.
But Ozil, who was also tipped to leave the club with United and Barcelona among clubs linked, has won his battle for a pay rise.
Full story here
Arsenal fans are all saying the same thing about 'toxic' Alexis Sanchez after Mesut Ozil signs new deal
Arsenal fans are thrilled Mesut Ozil has signed a new deal with Arsenal... and are using it as a stick with which to beat Alexis Sanchez.
(Image: Getty Images Europe)
The German was heavily linked with a move to Manchester United in January, the same destination Alexis Sanchez moved to in the winter window.
But he has committed his future to Arsenal by penning a fresh three-year deal at the Emirates.
And Gunners fans are convinced this is a show of loyalty from Ozil... the like of which you wouldn't see from his former teammate.
Click here for the reactions
THEY may be without three of their most prolific points scorers, but Sheffield Steelers are far from feeling the pinch.
Wednesday night's 6-2 win in the first leg of the Challenge Cup semi-final against holders Cardiff Devils took the Steelers goal tally to 33 in their last five games - eight of them coming in last Sunday's stunning win over title rivals Belfast Giants.
Long-term injured John Armstrong and Rob Dowd have been absent for all that time, while Colton Fretter has been missing for the last three. In all, the three have contributed 111 points this season, including 50 goals.
But a big strength of any team is their depth and Paul Thompson has been finding out just how deep his squad actually does go these past weeks, in fact since just before Christmas with only two defeats suffered in the last 13 games.
Levi Nelson (16 goals plus 25 assists), Andreas Valdix (10+29), Mathieu Roy (18+17) and Matt Marquardt (20+11) have all posted over 30 points, while defencemen Ben O'Connor (13+33) and Mark Matheson (8+33) lead the way overall in terms of points.
The Elite League title remains Cardiff's to lose, Andrew Lord's side who, before Friday night's clash in Belfast, were sitting top of the standings, 13 points clear of fifth-placed Steelers, who have two games in hand.
But the Steelers have a chance to keep their title hopes alive with a rare home double-header which sees Nottingham Panthers visit Sheffield Arena on Saturday night, before third-placed Manchester Storm call on Sunday.
Steelers captain Jonathan Phillips said he was pleased but not surprised to see the scoring spread around the team in the absence of the the missing Armstrong, Dowd and Fretter.
“Everybody is stepping up,” said Phillips, who has 17 points to his name in 46 appearances this season, including five goals. “But I think that is something we've often had as a team in Sheffield - players stepping up when they need to.
“It's just down to the way we are playing at the moment. We were determined not to let things slip when we returned from the Continental Cup Final, which we did after coming home from the previous round.
MISSING IN ACTION: Star forward Colton Fretter has missed the last three games through injury. Picture: Dean Woolley.
“We had an extra day off when we got back this time and then we were right back at it. We're confident and on a good run.”
Meanwhile, the Steelers are set to welcome home four former title-winning players before the end of season.
Fredrik Vestberg, Kent Simpson, Marec Pinc and Guillaume Desbiens have all helped the Steelers lift league and/or play-off trophies in recent years and will be welcomed back onto the Sheffield Arena ice.
Swedish forward Vestberg helped the Steelers win the 2016 Elite League title under Thompson, scoring 12 goals and 38 points in his only season with the club. He will visit Sheffield for the game against Guildford Flames on February 17.
Grand Slam winner Kent Simpson will be present for the re-arranged league game against Cardiff Devils on February 21 - the former forward having enjoyed three spells with the Steelers, first winning the Grand Slam in 2001 before returning to help the club lift the league title in 2003 and the Knockout Cup in 2006.
Another former goalie, Marec Pinc, who arrived midway through the 2015-16 season and made the No 1 jersey his own, helped the Steelers retain their league title. He will be present when the Steelers take on Fife Flyers on February 25.
ABSENT: John Armstrong will miss most of the remainder of the season. Picture: Dean Woolley.
And Guillaume Desbiens, who scored a memorable play-off semi-final winner against Nottingham Panthers at Sheffield Arena - as well as helping the team win the league the previous season - will return to the scene of perhaps his greatest moment in a Steelers shirt when, fittingly, the Panthers visit South Yorkshire on March 17.
Steelers' owner Tony Smith said: "We like to welcome back and thank former players for their services. We think the club's fans will enjoy the opportunity of seeing some of their former heroes again."
NEW YORK — The Mets have hired two new public address announcers for Citi Field, including the first woman to hold the job and a grandson of late ABC broadcaster Howard Cosell.
Marysol Castro will start work at Thursday night's homestand opener against the Chicago Cubs, and Colin Cosell will debut on Saturday night.
Alex Anthony was the announcer from 2002-17, making the move with the team from Shea Stadium to Citi Field. He was replaced on an interim basis at the start of this season by Rob Rush, also the announcer for the NBA G-League's Long Island Nets.
Castro has worked at WPIX and News 12 The Bronx in New York, and was a weather anchor on ABC's "Good Morning America" for seven years.
BY JAKE BULLINGTON
Get in. Get out. Get a job.
That's the mentality I came into Drake with. My mindset wasn't solely based on being a workaholic (although that factor's definitely in play here), but getting paid is a justifiable motivation. My family and I have spent a pretty penny for the piece of paper I'll get when I walk across the stage in a few weeks. While getting a job ASAP has remained the primary reason for my attendance, the past few years have meant more to me than professional growth. I'm sure I'm not alone in that when I close my eyes at night, I think how crazy it is that I'll be graduating in a few weeks.
And as nuts as that is, the craziest bit is when I think back to 2014 when I became a Bulldog — it's unreal to think that that kid is me. This is the oldest cliché in the soon-to-be-graduate book, but Drake did change me. The community — more than the institution — did its job in instilling values into me as an adult entering the real world.
So much of my Drake experience was defined by mentors I found in both professors and classmates. Learning by example from people that are brighter than I am empowered me to have the confidence to say “screw it” and apply for that long shot dream job or run for student government — and being OK with not always getting the result I'd hoped for.
Looking back, it's difficult to process how much time has passed in what feels like merely a flash in the pan. So, here's a list of lists of the things that I can point to when asked to look back at my undergraduate days:
– Lists of my favorite professors
-Lists of my favorite stories I've written
-Lists of all the places on the sidewalks that I've wiped out on the winter time
-Lists of great moments … and times where I've wanted to give up on grades, move to the mountains and raise a pack of goats
-Lists of times and places I've shown up on DU promotional materials and admissions panels
Side note: I still think I should get some sort of tuition discount for that one, but I guess we'll have discussed this later when phone-a-thon calls me up.
Now, as any good opinion piece should do, here's what I think should be your moral takeaway from investing the three minutes you will have spent reading this.
Find a way to take your involvement on this campus — faculty or student — to a higher plane, whether that's getting more involved in the broader neighborhood our university is settled in or presenting solutions to the problems we all complain about.
Finally, what you'll get out of Drake is dependent on what you're willing to put into it. Whether that's still the case in the “real world,” I'll be sure to report back.
Oh, and President Martin, please use your best fountain pen when you sign my diploma!
Tony Romo played for the first time this season in week 17 when he orchestrated a successful touchdown drive during the 2nd quarter of the Cowboys regular season finale. The Cowboys lost, but the #1 seed was already wrapped up and Romo went 3-for-4 with a touchdown pass. After the game, Romo cut the most positive promo football has had in what feels like years. Fittingly, via Pro Football Talk:
“It's good and fun to play football.”
Put that on the poster.
The Gamecocks are looking for a bounce-back year next season. South Carolina was 17-16 and missed the post-season after reaching the Final Four in 2017.
Silva, Bowen and Felder were expected to lead the resurgence.
The 6-foot-9 Silva was named to the all-Southeastern Conference team and was the league's co-defensive player of the year. Bowen was the Louisville recruit in the heart of the college basketball corruption case who enrolled at South Carolina in January. Felder was a key backcourt reserve on the Final Four team who had 15 points in the Gamecocks second-round NCAA Tournament upset of Duke in that run.
Silva and Bowen have not hired agents, meaning they could return to school by the NCAA's deadline of May 30.
Felder was suspended indefinitely after his arrest for fighting last summer and was not in classes last fall. Martin reinstated him to the program, although not to the court, last spring and gave Felder several guidelines to meet if he hoped to play again.
That, Martin said, did not happen.
Silva wanted to go through the process, he said this month, to see where he might improve in the eyes of NBA evaluators.
The 6-foot-7 Bowen, from Saginaw, Michigan , transferred following his suspension from Louisville amid the federal probe after news of an alleged payment involving the Cardinals and his father to get him to join that school. He has not yet been cleared by the NCAA.
Bowen's attorney has said the NBA draft is a hedge against the NCAA turning him down.
Martin and athletic director Ray Tanner say Bowen's reinstatement process is moving forward. Tanner acknowledged there's little South Carolina can do between now and May 30 to speed up the NCAA's decision.
If Silva and Bowen stay in the draft — last season, sophomore P.J. Dozier remained in the NBA draft and was not picked — it means Martin will have to find replacements for three likely starters. That would mean only forward Maik Kotsar, a junior next season, would have started 30 or more games each of the past two year for the Gamecocks.
___
More AP college basketball: http://collegebasketball.ap.org and http://www.twitter.com/AP_Top25
By Pete Iacobelli, The Associated Press
CUYAHOGA FALLS, Ohio (AP) — A wild turkey that's become semi-famous for chasing pedestrians and bicyclists in Ohio has been struck by a car and injured.
Cleveland.com reports the turkey was struck Thursday in the Akron suburb of Cuyahoga (ky-uh-HOH'-guh) Falls and was taken by a wildlife team to an exotic-animal veterinarian for treatment of a broken leg.
The male turkey is named Frank and became aggressive toward people after a female turkey with which he was often seen was struck and killed about a year ago.
A worker at a business in the area where Frank chased people and even vehicles says he might have been separated from a local flock.
The wildlife team hopes to release Frank into an area with a wild turkey flock after his recovery.
___
Information from: cleveland.com, http://www.cleveland.com
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
By The Associated Press
COVENTRY, R.I. (AP) — Police say a woman in Rhode Island had taken out a gun to investigate a noise when she accidentally shot herself.
Coventry police say the woman slipped Friday night and the gun she was carrying discharged, striking her. She had been looking into a noise she heard from behind her home.
WJAR-TV (http://bit.ly/2iWGKBm ) reports the woman was taken to Kent Hospital to be treated for injuries. Her condition wasn't clear.
A police investigation confirmed it was an accidental, self-inflicted gunshot wound.
Advertisement
___
Information from: WJAR-TV, http://www.turnto10.com
I'm middle-aged, with a much older husband and teenage child. My husband and I lived and worked on opposite sides of the globe when we met. We split our time in each other's country after we married. Once schooling began, our child and I stopped commuting overseas. My husband soon chose to live with us full-time. He did this without discussing it with me beforehand. He said he took a leave of absence from his job, which deferred his pension until his retirement age. He spent the next ten years surfing the Internet and playing at being Mr. Mom, despite my clear requests that he get a job.
Article Continued Below
He gave me no clear answer as to what's considered retirement age by his country/employer. I waited. And took temporary postings overseas, working 12 hours, seven days a week for months. Then I got cancer and had to take medical leave for years during chemo and radiation. The result was a huge income loss.
HARD MAN: Former Casino lock Damien Benn is at the top of the pile at the Cougars.
HARD MAN: Former Casino lock Damien Benn is at the top of the pile at the Cougars. Mike Donnelly
Andrew Battese, Ballina
As skilled and competitive as they come and looks to be getting better with age, having already scored 14 tries this season. Durable and has won four NRRRL premierships while front rower Dylan Montgomery has also been dominant since the 2013 season.
Simon Kelly, Byron Bay
The most consistent front-rower over the past decade and a stand-out in separate stints at the Red Devils. He won a grand final at Byron Bay in 2008 and has played in two since then with Cudgen before returning to the Red Devils this season.
Damien Benn, Casino
Not the most flashy player but there has been no one as determined and harder to contain than the rampaging lock. A back injury cut his career short but he was the backbone of the team and it was no coincidence the Cougars made a preliminary final in 2016 when he was at his best.
Jack Wythes, Evans Head
Went unnoticed for a few years out in the centres but quickly become one of the hardest-working players in the competition when he moved to lock.
Phenomenal work rate and picked up a well deserved NRRRL Player of the Year award in 2015.
Lachlan Crawter, Kyogle
Started as a teenage winger in 2014 and was already their best forward and captain last season. The fact that he has played centre and front-row in the same season shows how committed and versatile he is.
Jack Durheim, Marist
Brothers
Plenty of skill for a lock but also has the engine and determination to back it up with his efforts around the field. His best years so far have been 2016 and 2017 while injuries have limited him to one game this season with the Rams at seventh on the ladder.
Josh Castellano,
Mullumbimby
He was always big and looked to have plenty of potential but he has exceeded all expectations this season. Castellano has played through some lean years at the Giants but now finds himself with plenty of other talented players around him and it's seen him grow further in confidence.
Alwyn Roberts, Northern
United
There has been an abundance of naturally talented and entertaining players at United but no one has stood up more than Alwyn Roberts. He has had three separate stints at the club and has played everywhere from five-eighth to front row.
Caleb Ziebell, Cudgen
NSW Country front-rower and the obvious choice from a side that rejoined the NRRRL competition from the Gold Coast in 2015.
There has been no shortage of talent in the Cudgen side but Ziebell stands at the top of the pile with his size and freakish ability.
Grant Brown, Lower Clarence
Kicked the winning field goal when Lower Clarence won the grand final in 2009 and always puts in a whole-hearted effort.
an uncompromising player and the Magpies have benefited from his recent return as they battle their way out of several lean years.
Sam O'Dea, Murwillumbah
Stuck behind Andrew Battese at representative level but that didn't stop him from winning NRRRL Player of the Year and premierships at Murwillumbah.
He retired at the end of last season and was captain when they won the 2016 grand final just one week after the death of teammate Grant Cook.
Guy Lanston, Tweed Coast
Played plenty of rugby league before the Raiders came back in 2015 and was selected at centre in the NSW Country team the following season.
A broken leg slowed him down last year and he has been finding his feet in a Tweed Coast team that looks like a competition favourite.
A 17-year-old girl died Monday after she was seriously injured in a shark attack as she surfed, with her mother and sisters looking on, off the southern coast of Western Australia.
The girl was surfing with her father just east of Esperance during an Easter holiday when she was attacked at Kelp Beds surf break, a popular spot for surfers near Wylie Bay.
Paramedics treated her on the beach, according to ABC Australia, but she died at a hospital, with Yahoo 7 reporting that she had suffered massive injuries to one of her legs.
Police confirmed that the teen had died, but did not disclose her identity, saying only that she was from Mandurah, which is near Perth.
Sharksmart, the West Australia website that tracks shark activity, reported sightings of a great white shark in the area in the past week, according to The West Australian. There were two fatal shark attacks in West Australia last year.
Whether a strong dollar is a good or bad thing remains highly debated among economists. But there is generally one consensus among them — it's important to look at why the dollar is moving.
The greenback has jumped more than 1.5% against the yen and euro since last Monday. And it's made even bigger gains versus other currencies, including the New Zealand dollar and the British pound.
Bilal Hafeez, a foreign exchange strategist at Nomura, thinks the greenback is rising for "bad" reasons.
"US risk markets such as equities and credit have weakened over the same period while the dollar has rallied," he said. "The dollar is rallying in a negative environment."
Hafeez noted the recent commodities rally, which is credited for helping the dollar tick higher, was driven by trade tensions and other geopolitical worries rather than global demand. And those price dynamics may spill over into the rates market, he says.
US government bond yields have been jumping over the past week, with the 10-year Treasury yield hitting the key 3% level for the first time since 2014 on Tuesday. That could signal markets are positioning themselves for a slowdown in growth.
"If anything this suggests rates markets are expecting the Fed to be forced into more hikes to curb these inflationary pressures," he said. "This provides a more negative backdrop for the dollar rally."
Elsewhere, equities have remained relatively sluggish as the dollar climbs. Stocks have been slow to react to a recent series of strong corporate earnings.
"Instead higher US yields could be de-rating stocks, and investor equity longs and fears on tech hardware seem to be weighing on stocks," he said.
Though the dollar index — a measurement of the greenback versus its major peers — paused Tuesday, some think it will continue strengthening.
The Federal Reserve is on track to raise rates two or three times more this year, which is relatively faster than the other major central banks. That could push rate differentials wider and further boost the dollar, according to FXTM Chief Market Strategist Hussein Sayed.
"Unless President Trump surprises us with a new Tweet, we may see further greenback appreciation," he added.
But that's all the more reason to trade in US dollars for so-called safe haven currencies, according to Hafeez.
"In such an environment, we think the best way of holding onto a core short dollar position would be to sell it against the yen," Hafeez said.
Get money updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Lawrence Taylor had never met Barbara Williams. So when he got a letter saying he might have money coming to him from her he was rightly suspicious.
But Lawrence, from Leckwith, Cardiff, was intrigued by the idea of a relative he'd never met, so the 54-year-old decided to make contact to see if he could learn more about his family tree.
He spoke to Amy Cox - who works for Finders International - and in doing so confirmed that he was entitled to a share of the £30,000 inheritance waiting to be claimed.
But more, the 54-year-old from Leckwith, Cardiff, discovered a family history of orphans, aunts, early deaths and more tracing back to the Victorian era.
A tree with many branches
(Image: Fiona Hanson 07710 142 633)
The story starts with two deaths and a strange clause. Barbara Williams, 82, died in Swansea within just four weeks of her husband - neither had a will, nor an obvious heir.
The couple's £30,000 legacy became subject to a highly unusual ‘survivorship clause', and the estate passed to Swansea council.
Without intervention, the money would have gone to the government, but the council decided instead to ask for help.
They appointed professional genealogists Finders International to look into it, to work out if anyone was left to inherit.
They found more than 100 people, tracing what they describe as a "sad Victorian family saga" - 12 aunts and uncles, some of whom were born in the 1890s, relatives who died young, some leaving as many as 10 children orphaned.
Finding the relatives
The final report into the Williams' heirs took months to compile, with father-of-four Lawrence just one of the beneficiaries.
He received about £50 from the estate - with others getting between £1,388 and £6.94 each.
But Lawrence, who works for a catering equipment supplies firm, got something else too - a slice of family history and to meet some relatives he didn't previously realise existed.
A family meeting was set up for the relatives in Cardiff, many have since stayed in contact.
“Most people are stunned when they are confronted by a situation like this, because it gives you hope that there is someone looking out for you when you least expect it,” he said.
Without intervention, this £30,000 estate could have gone to the Government.
"Although some small sums have been awarded in this instance, they can still help those in difficult financial circumstances, especially when they weren't expecting anything," said Danny Curran, founder of Finders International and chairman of the IAPPR (The International Association of Professional Probate Researchers, Genealogists & Heir Hunters).
“This case uncovers the unfair nature of English and Welsh inheritance laws, which does everything in its power to limit numbers of family members who may otherwise become beneficiaries."
Nomthandazo Mabanga is chasing her dream of building an empire.
When she was aged 23, Mabanga resigned from her job as a brand ambassador to start her own business.
"I started my business from nothing and I worked hard to build my salon. I later ventured into retail until I earned myself a boutique," she said.
Her business La Chic Labro Boutique is at East Point shopping centre (East Rand Mall) in Boksburg.
"My passion for beauty ignited a spark within me, leading me to enrol at the L'Oréal international institute. I started to travel the world, exploring."
Mabanga, 31, sources her range internationally. Not only does she supply individual clients but also small, upcoming businesses.
"I believe I have the task to use my skills and talents to uplift other women as they strive to fulfil their businesses.
A federal judge has set a June 15 deadline for attorneys representing President Trump and his personal lawyer Michael Cohen to assert claims that materials seized from Cohen's offices and residences should not be turned over to prosecutors.
Of the more than 1 million seized pieces of information reviewed so far by a court-appointed official, only 252 were classified as privileged communications between attorney and client, meaning that they would not be turned over to prosecutors investigating Cohen's business activities.
Part of the federal investigation includes Cohen's payment of $130,000 to adult film star Stormy Daniels to remain silent about her alleged affair with Trump.
The president, who has acknowledged reimbursing Cohen for the hush-money settlement struck on the eve of the 2016 presidential election, has denied the affair with Daniels.
In a report to U.S. District Judge Kimba Wood, court-appointed special master Barbara Jones said she was readying the transfer of 1,025,363 pieces of information seized from three Cohen phones to the government.
Wood said at the Wednesday hearing that she had to balance the needs of lawyers for Cohen and Trump with the needs of criminal prosecutors.
Cohen did not speak during the hour-long hearing in Manhattan. His lawyers said they are about a third of the way through materials turned over from the government. Federal agents raided Cohen's home and office on April 9 in a criminal fraud probe.
More: Millions flow to fast-growing lobbying firms with ties to the Trump administration
Wednesday's hearing represented another chapter in the clash over attorney-client privilege waged by Cohen, Trump and the president's real estate company, the Trump Organization.
Their attorneys, citing privileged communications with their clients, have asserted that prosecutors should be not be able to view materials seized in raids on Cohen's home, hotel room and offices.
Contributing: The Associated Press
Copyright 2017 USATODAY.com
The brother of Nikolas Cruz, who is accused of killing 17 people last month at Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School in Parkland, Florida, was arrested on a trespassing charge at the school on Monday afternoon, the authorities said.
Deputies with the Broward County Sheriff's Office stopped the brother, Zachary Cruz, at about 4:30 p.m. local time after he rode a skateboard onto school property. Cruz, 18, told the deputies that he decided to visit the school to “reflect on the school shooting and to soak it in,” according to the sheriff's office.
Cruz was arrested on one count of trespassing on the grounds or facility of a school, a misdemeanour. The sheriff's office said that school officials had ordered Cruz to stay away from Stoneman Douglas High. It was not immediately clear when Cruz had received those warnings.
Read more:
Parkland school shooting suspect silent in court, judge enters not guilty plea on his behalf
PARIS — Sloane Stephens has dropped only six games in her first two matches at the French Open.
Those victories have impressed former U.S. Davis Cup captain Patrick McEnroe, who now believes the reigning U.S. Open champion can claim a second Grand Slam title at Roland Garros.
"Just FYI. Sloane Stephens is winning this tournament," McEnroe tweeted after Stephens dispatched qualifier Magdalena Frech 6-2, 6-2 in just over an hour on Wednesday.
The 10th-seeded American player, who never got past the fourth round in her six previous appearances at the tournament, is more cautious. She missed the tournament last year and went through a stretch of poor results after winning at Flushing Meadows. She knows getting carried away would be a big mistake.
"That's so sweet, that was nice of him," Stephens said about McEnroe's tweet. "I mean, I can't predict the future, I don't know. I would love to. We'll see next Saturday."
There is a very long way to go for Stephens, who has yet to meet top contenders in Paris. She will face a more serious test in the third round against Camila Giorgi of Italy, who has lost only eight games in the first two matches.
Giorgi has beaten Stephens twice in their three meetings, including a 6-3, 6-0 rout in Sidney this year on hard court. Stephens does not give too much importance to that result, though, as it came during her post-U.S. Open struggles following a knee injury.
"I was coming out of an injury and tried to get my season started," she said.
After winning in New York, Stephens did not win a match for the rest of the season. She was beaten in the first round at the Australian Open in January and struggled with her tennis until March when she won the title in Miami.
So for now in Paris, Stephens is just happy to "feel good."
Get Manchester United FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Manchester United target Ivan Perisic is 'determined to stay' at Inter Milan, according to his current boss Luciano Spalletti.
Winger Perisic continues to be linked with a switch to Old Trafford as Jose Mourinho looks to add another attacker to his squad before the transfer deadline.
The Croatian played in all three of Inter's International Champions Cup games in pre-season against Lyon, Bayern Munich and Chelsea, report the Manchester Evening News.
It is understood that the winger 'appreciates' and 'enjoys' the work of Mourinho and had been planning for life at Old Trafford earlier this summer.
(Image: Getty Images)
(Image: Getty Images AsiaPac)
But Spalletti believes Perisic has since had a change of heart.
"Perisic is determined to stay," he told Sky Sport Italia .
"There was a moment [when he considered moving], but then he spoke like a footballer who is interested in doing the right thing for his professionalism and he drew a conclusion."
Hard-working and direct, Perisic has been earmarked by Mourinho as the ideal signing to improve United's transitions and cutting edge on the break.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
The Portuguese admitted last month that he wants a winger who can give him more options, but refused to name check Perisic.
"I'm happy with my squad but I would like to have two more players - I never hide that," he said.
"One player would be a midfield player that gives me more options and balance to the team and our needs. Another one an attacking player, especially that can play through the wings to give me also more attacking options.
"But I never speak about players that belong to other teams, I don't like if any manager comes now and would say he would like one of my players, that's not correct. I would like two more players but probably I only get one."
Pompeo Meets With Top North Korean Official In Hopes Of Reviving Singapore Summit
Enlarge this image toggle caption Julie Jacobson/AP Julie Jacobson/AP
Secretary of State Mike Pompeo met with a top North Korean official over dinner in New York on Wednesday, as the two sought to salvage a June 12 summit between President Trump and Kim Jong-un.
The summit, planned since April, was called off just a week ago by Trump amid a renewed round of heated rhetoric from Pyongyang and concerns over whether North Korea was sincere about "denuclearization." Within days of cancelling the summit, however, there was talk of getting it back on track.
The meeting between Pompeo and Kim Yong Chol, North Korea's former military intelligence chief, marks the highest-level official visit by a North Korean to the U.S. since 2000.
As we reported previously, Kim Yong Chol "is a veteran of diplomacy with South Korea who is considered to be Kim Jong-un's right-hand man. ... Kim is also widely believed to be behind the 2010 sinking of the Cheonan, a South Korean Naval vessel, in which 46 seamen died."
Pompeo's office said the two officials were planning a "day full of meetings" on Thursday, but there was still no certainty on whether the summit would even take place.
"If it happens, we'll certainly be ready," White House press secretary Sarah Sanders said at the daily briefing Wednesday. "We're going to continue to shoot for June 12th."
As the two were meeting, so were lower-level U.S. and North Korean diplomats – both in Singapore, the planned venue for the historic summit, and at the Koreas border.
In recent months, Pyongyang had toned down its normally bombastic tone aimed at the U.S. and South Korea. In a rare meeting in April, North Korean leader Kim Jong-un and South Korean President Moon Jae-in shook hands at the heavily fortified border in a gesture of good will that seemed to presage a broader rapprochement.
That was followed up by a secret visit by Pompeo to North Korea before the former CIA director had even been confirmed in his new job as secretary of state.
However, Pyongyang quickly asserted that its pledge to "denuclearize"
did not mean a unilateral surrender of its nuclear weapons program.
Pyongyang was also angered by remarks made by newly installed National Security Adviser John Bolton, who said in a television interview that denuclearization in North Korea might follow the same path as in Libya – implying the possibility of violent regime change.
Later, in an apparent effort at damage control, Vice President Mike Pence seemed to only make matters worse, suggesting that sitting down for talks was the only way Kim Jong-un could escape such a fate.
April 12 (Reuters) -
* Select Energy Services Inc sees IPO of 10.6 million shares of class A common stock to be priced between $15 and $18 per share - SEC filing
* Select Energy Services Inc - intends to contribute all of IPO net proceeds to SES Holdings in exchange for SES Holdings Llc units Source text for Eikon: (bit.ly/2o4NYWk) Further company coverage: [Select Energy Services Inc]
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
HARRISBURG — More than 200 children with serious illnesses are legally obtaining medical marijuana outside Pennsylvania while state officials work to make the product available to them here.
The state Health Department has so far approved 226 Safe Harbor applications so patients under 18 have access to medical marijuana available in other states with established programs, officials announced Monday on the first anniversary of Pennsylvania's medical marijuana law being signed.
The Safe Harbor program enables parents, legal guardians or caregivers to provide medical marijuana to minors in their care who have a serious medical condition documented by a physician.
Pennsylvania is “right on schedule” in creating the state-regulated program to provide medical marijuana under the law by 2018, said Gov. Tom Wolf during a Capitol event.
Marijuana is now legal in 28 states for medical use. Patients in Pennsylvania will be able to take the drug as an oil, pill or liquid, but are not allowed to smoke it under the law.
The law makes medical marijuana available for 17 serious medical conditions, including epilepsy, intractable seizures and cancer.
The health department is charged with creating the supply chain necessary to grow marijuana plants in greenhouses, process the plants into oils and liquids and sell the product to certified patients in dispensaries.
The department is reviewing an estimated 900 applicants statewide for permits to grow and process marijuana or sell it to registered patients at dispensaries. But the department won't have a total list of applicants until that review is complete, said spokeswoman April Hutcheson Monday.
The state expects to issue permits sometime this summer and will release a list of all the applicants after the permits are issued, she added.
The department will initially issue up to 12 permits for grower/processors and up to 27 permits to dispense marijuana across Pennsylvania.
There are two grower/processor permits and four dispensary permits available in the 10-county administrative region covering Northeast Pennsylvania and the Lehigh Valley. The counties are Carbon, Lackawanna, Lehigh, Luzerne, Monroe, Northampton, Susquehanna, Pike, Wayne and Wyoming.
Contact the writer: rswift@timesshamrock.com
"It was dark out. It was a thin wire or filament, kind of like fishing line," Milanowski said. "It would have been very difficult for someone to see."
Milanowski said that investigators have investigated over 500 leads since the bombings began and that there have been "persons of interest" in the cases, though they have so far not led to much.
Authorities canvassed the area in search of anything suspicious, and residents were warned to remain indoors and to call 911 if they needed to leave their homes.
Manley also asked anyone with surveillance cameras at their homes to make the footage available in case suspicious vehicles or people could be seen.
The latest attack happened in the southwestern Austin neighbourhood of Travis Country. That is far from the sites of the earlier bombings, which took place in residential neighbourhoods east of Interstate 35 and killed a 39-year-old man and a 17-year-old boy and wounded two other people.
The highway has traditionally been seen as a dividing line between the city's more affluent west side and more heavily minority areas to its east.
Police at first suggested the bombings could be hate crimes since the first three bombs involved victims who were black or Hispanic, but the latest attack may have undermined that theory. The 22- and 23-year-old men wounded this time are white.
The police chief warned people not to touch suspicious bags, boxes or backpacks, especially if they had wires protruding.
Mayor Steve Adler said the latest explosion raised anxieties spreading across the city.
"That concern is legitimate and real," Adler said, adding that residents should also be reassured by the massive police response to the attacks. Hundreds of federal agents are investigating, along with Austin police.
"That anxiousness is going to continue until we can find the answer," Adler said.
Spring break ends Monday for the University of Texas and many area school districts, meaning people who were out of town have returned home to heightened fears.
University police warned returning students to be wary and to tell their classmates about the danger, saying, "We must look out for one another." None of the four attacks happened close to the campus near the heart of Austin.
Concern spread well past the immediate blast site.
"This makes me sick," said Andrew Zimmerman, 44, a coffee shop worker on the city's west side. He said the use of a tripwire adds a "new level" of suspected professionalism that makes it harder to guard against such attacks.
"That's what scares me a little bit," he added.
The PGA's Dell Technologies Match Play tournament is scheduled to begin in Austin on Wednesday, and dozens of the world's top golfers are set to begin arriving the day before.
The Associated Press
The Associated Press
HARROGATE TOWN were gifted a point on New Year's Day as a late blunder by goalkeeper Ben Hinchliffe handed Simon Weaver's side a 1-1 draw at National League North hosts Stockport County.
Six days after Boxing Day's 1-0 loss to Stockport at the CNG, Town looked set to lose by the same score after Michael Clarke gave eighth-placed Stockport a 63rd-minute lead.
But with just one minute remaining, Chris Smalley's seemingly harmless back pass was completely missed by County custodian Hinchliffe, with the ball trickling into the net to hand Town a draw.
The point leaves Harrogate tenth and nine points below the play-off places.
Town boss Weaver said: “We have had a bit of misfortune with ricochets and deflections this season so it is one back in our favour! There were some really good individual performances and Danny Ellis was a man mountain at the back.
“I think Jack Emmett was a constant threat and epitomised the effort we need to see.”
Town are back in action on Saturday at home to 16th-placed Alfreton Town.
Elsewhere in National League North, third-bottom Bradford Park Avenue fell to a 2-0 loss at home to Salford City who moved fifth.
Avenue are two points off safety and return to action on Saturday at 17th-placed Worcester City.
Ninth-placed FC Halifax Town took a 2-2 draw from their trip to fourth-placed Darlington.
Adam Morgan twice gave The Shaymen the lead before goals from Josh Gillies and Kevin Burgess pegged them back in an entertaining start to the new year.
There was little to choose between the teams on Boxing Day and that remained the case in the New Year's Day clash, but it's now eight games without a victory for Halifax who are six points off the division's play-offs.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
TAYLORVILLE, IL. – A manhunt has ended for the suspected shooter in Taylorville, Illinois after he shot himself outside of an area hospital.
Taylorville Police Chief Brian Hile said around 5 a.m. in the 500 block of South Walnut Street 43-year-old Lee Wayne Kennedy shot his ex-wife four times, his daughter once, and a man who tried to intervene twice.
Hile said that all three victims were taken to Taylorville Memorial Hospital before being transferred to Springfield area hospitals for treatment.
Kennedy fled the scene in a white 1996 GMS Sierra truck. Hile said hours later the truck was spotted at a McDonald's in Hillsboro, Illinois and Kennedy had stolen a different car from a local dealership.
Hile said around 3 p.m.. Kennedy circled back into the area and tried to rob a convenience store. That is where police spotted him and a chase began.
Near Memorial Hospital in Taylorville, the chase ended when Kennedy hit a curb. Hile said he got out of the car with a gun and shot himself in the head.
Before the shooting Monday Kennedy had made threats on Facebook saying someone close…almost like family… would get what was coming to them.
Hile said Kennedy's ex-wife had an order of protection against him as the result of a recent domestic situation. He said Kennedy was out on bail and wearing an ankle monitoring system which he cut off sometime Monday.
Rep. Rick Crawford Of House Intelligence Committee Discusses Decision To Release Memo
NPR's Mary Louise Kelly talks to Rep. Rick Crawford, R-Ark., of the House Intelligence Committee about the decision to release the memo authored by Devin Nunes on the beginnings of the Russia investigation.
MARY LOUISE KELLY, HOST:
We are following reaction today to the release of the House Intelligence Committee memo detailing concerns over the early stages of the Russia investigation. And we're going to talk now with a member of that House Intelligence Committee who voted in favor of making the memo public - Republican Rick Crawford of Arkansas. He's with us now from Memphis. Congressman, thanks so much for taking the time.
RICK CRAWFORD: Thank you.
KELLY: Start by telling me whose idea it was to write this memo in the first place. How'd it come to be?
CRAWFORD: You know, what we had was sort of a sense of frustration among, at least on our side of the aisle - with some of the irregularities that had been brought to our attention with regard to the action taken by DOJ officials and some FBI officials regarding the issuing and - the request for and issuing these FISA warrants.
KELLY: And why did you feel it was necessary for this memo to become public? What's in there that you feel it's critical for Americans to know?
CRAWFORD: Well, I think what we - the first step that we did was we went into a business meeting, the committee, and discussed bringing this memo to the attention of the whole House. And we passed that. Obviously, it was a party-line vote. The Democrats did not want to allow for the entire House to read the memo. And it built from there in that the conference thought it was necessary to present this...
KELLY: And why? What is in there that you feel the public absolutely has to know to understand what's going on?
CRAWFORD: Congress has a mandate to exercise oversight over federal agencies. That's what we do. And so it really doesn't matter if you're the DOJ or the FBI. You should not be exempt from that oversight. And so this was something that we needed to bring to the attention certainly of our colleagues, but the overwhelming sentiment was that the American people needed to know what the chief law enforcement agencies in the country were doing.
KELLY: Why not release the Democrats' - the Democratic version of their memo at the same time if you're doing this for the sake of letting Americans have information and make up their own minds?
CRAWFORD: Well, I'm not sure that the sequencing has much to do with anything. I think what you're going to see - and I think that we will see that. In fact, it was Chairman Nunes who made the motion to release the Democrat memo to the whole House.
KELLY: So you wouldn't oppose that. You wouldn't oppose their version coming out as well.
CRAWFORD: I don't oppose that. In fact, I voted in the affirmative to see that it was released to the whole House. However, it has to go through the same scrutiny that ours did to make sure that there are no sources and methods revealed so that we don't compromise national security. And so I would encourage members of the House - and it has been released to the members of the House - I would encourage every member of the House to go down and read it and compare and contrast and draw your own conclusions.
KELLY: Last thing, congressman - I want to let you respond directly to the criticism raised by the FBI. The FBI says it has grave concerns about this memo that it leaves out key facts. Is the FBI wrong?
CRAWFORD: I believe they are. And I - but I do share their understanding or at least understand where they're coming from, why they would have grave concerns, because when the American people view this memo it's going to reflect poorly on the FBI and certain individuals in the DOJ. And let me say...
KELLY: But the FBI's statement - that wasn't the context. It was grave concerns about the content of this memo.
CRAWFORD: That may not have been their context. But I'm going to tell you that, yes, if I were one of those individuals, I'd be concerned, too. But let me say, too, for the record that the FBI is by and large a stellar organization. And those folks that are protecting us and doing the work that - the underappreciated work that they're doing, they need to be protected. And those leaders have failed them in that. And so this is not about the FBI. This is about a handful of individuals at the highest levels that are not acting in the best interests of the FBI or the American people.
KELLY: Representative Rick Crawford of Arkansas, Republican member of the House Intelligence Committee. Congressman, thanks again for your time.
CRAWFORD: Thank you. I appreciate it.
Copyright © 2018 NPR. All rights reserved. Visit our website terms of use and permissions pages at www.npr.org for further information.
NPR transcripts are created on a rush deadline by Verb8tm, Inc., an NPR contractor, and produced using a proprietary transcription process developed with NPR. This text may not be in its final form and may be updated or revised in the future. Accuracy and availability may vary. The authoritative record of NPR's programming is the audio record.
Uh-Oh!
It looks like there is no Newsday subscription account associated with this login information.
If you used an Optimum login, click the Connect Account button to use your Optimum login info to manage your Newsday subscription account.
If you used a Newsday login, it looks like it's not connected to an active subscriber account. To verify your subscription information, click the Connect Account button.
Otherwise, click Subscribe to create a new Newsday account.
MOOSIC — Valley View running backs came in waves Friday night and West Scranton simply could not stop them.
Nine players carried the ball for the Cougars as they racked up 373 yards on the ground on their way to a 46-20 victory over the Invaders in a Lackawanna Football Conference Division II game at PNC Field.
Senior Seth Vernon led the way with 158 yards and three touchdowns on 17 carries. Junior Mason Kordish followed with 124 yards and two touchdowns on eight carries — all in the third quarter.
Add sophomore Janaasah Boone's 46 yards and one touchdown and senior quarterback Chandler Fuller's 12-yard touchdown run and No. 5 Valley View improved to 4-3 overall and 1-1 in division play.
“We have three kids right now and a fourth, Traon Jones, back from injury who are really good running backs,” Valley View coach George Howanitz said. “On any given night, any of them can dominate a football game. It's a nice luxury to have.”
West Scranton (0-7, 0-2) has a good running back of its own in Andre Chollette Jr. The senior had 153 yards on 13 carries, the majority of that total coming on touchdown runs of 80 and 42 yards.
“He's very physical and athletic — one of the better backs in our league,” Howanitz said. “He's tough to stop. He gets a little crease and he's able to go the distance. He showed us that tonight, but for the most part, I think we did a pretty good job of bottling him up.”
On the Invaders' first play after Vernon scored on a 40-yard run to give Valley View an early 7-0 lead, Chollette took a handoff up the middle and raced 80 yards untouched for the tying score with 8:23 left in the first.
West Scranton then had a chance to make things interesting when, on Valley View's next offensive play, Geno Salmond recovered a fumble at the Invaders 38.
However, Valley View's defense forced a three-and-out and that, the Cougars scored the next 27 points to break open the game.
“Offensively, we're doing such a nice job moving the ball and scoring points,” Howanitz said. “That's what you have to do every Friday night.”
Vernon scored on a 2-yard run with 4:20 left in the first quarter and Matt Cesarini's kick made it 14-7.
In the second quarter, Boone capped a nine-play, 81-yard drive with a 27-yard touchdown run to make it 21-7 with 4:13 left.
Then, with 43 seconds left before halftime, Fuller had his touchdown run, somersaulting over a defender into the end zone to make it 27-7.
Off the second-half kickoff, the Cougars moved 59 yards in five plays, with Vernon doing the scoring honors on a 25-yard run to make it 34-7 two minutes into the third.
“They are a very physical team,” Vernon said. “So, I knew I had to keep coming back every next play.
“The depth we have is awesome. If you get tired, you know the team isn't missing anything because you can rely on someone else.”
When Kordish's turn came later in the third quarter, he made the most of his chance. He averaged 15.5 yards per carry and had touchdown runs of 19 and 18 yards.
“I was just trying to help our team finish out the game,” Kordish said. “My linemen just made plays. They made the holes and I just ran.”
A 42-yard touchdown run by Chollette and an 89-yard kickoff return by Zakeem Vassel closed out the scoring for West Scranton.
“Valley View is a very good football team. They execute well offensively,” Invaders coach Brian Fahey said. “They took advantage of some misalignments defensively and some poor tackling. That's because their backs hit the hole, they make people miss and they block well.
“I thought our kids competed, though. They battled and moved the ball offensively at times, so I'm proud of that.”
Contact the writer:
swalsh@timesshamrock.com;
570-348-9125;
@swalshTT on Twitter
Lawmakers Across The Country Push For Trump's Tax Returns
From the New York City Council to the California Senate, lawmakers are crafting bills aimed at forcing the release of President Trump's taxes. Whether they can survive a court challenge isn't clear.
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
It is time to brace ourselves for one of the coldest weeks of winter, which could include snow.
The Weather Channel is saying there could be some snow on eight different days in the next couple of weeks in the UK.
The Met Office says that for Bristol today (Saturday, February 3) it will be cold and cloudy through most of the day with persistent rain across the region.
Sleet or wet snow could fall for a time across high ground on Saturday, with a maximum temperature of 7C.
Meanwhile just north of Bristol there is a 40 per cent chance of snow on Tuesday morning in Gloucestershire and a 30 per cent chance two days later on Thursday morning.
Tonight it is staying mainly cloudy with a small chance of rain in Bristol, says the Met Office.
A few clearer spells are possible, giving a risk of frost and ice, with a minimum temperature of 0C.
Tomorrow (Sunday, February 4) it will be cold and windy but with sunny spells.
There is a small risk of some rain, sleet or hill snow to begin, although it will be brief and unlikely to settle, with a maximum temperature of 7 °C on Sunday.
The outlook for Monday to Wednesday is cold with icy starts.
Monday (February 5) will be mostly dry and bright.
Tuesday (February 6) there is a risk of sleet or snow for a time.
Wednesday (February 7) will be mostly dry and bright, but some light snow showers are possible.
Even if you are on high ground in Gloucestershire, you probably won't be able to build a snowman. Only around 2cm of white stuff is expected, so it will hard to scrape together enough for a snow ball.
The UK outlook
Temperatures of -10C are predicted to bite Britain with the whole country gripped by a bitterly cold spell.
Many areas will see the mercury plunge below freezing with values of -4C to -6C - with it plummeting even lower in some rural spots.
There will be some very harsh frosts and the icy conditions will fail to shift during the day making it feel bitter.
Some forecast models are indicating an extreme spell of colder weather by the end of next week.
(Image: The Weather Channel)
Forecasts show the jet stream sweeping further south and allowing bitter air from the north to move towards Europe.
This leads to high pressure over the North Atlantic, known as ‘blocking' which prevents the flow of mild Atlantic air and drags colder conditions towards Britain.
A spokesperson for The Weather Channel said: “A cooler trend is predicted over the next five days with temperatures well below normal to start next week.
“It will be a dry, cold and sunny start next week but a snow risk is possible on Tuesday.”
(Image: The Weather Channel)
"The bitter conditions will continue for the remainder of the week and it will remain colder than normal, with the risk of snow as moist frontal systems bump in to the cold air across the UK.
"In between, there will be a mixture of sunny spells and wintry showers with the strongest winds in the north and west, although where winds are lighter overnight there will be some severe frost."
Forecaster Dr Claire Kennedy-Edwards, of The Weather Channel, said: “It will turn much colder as the UK becomes influenced by higher pressure from Scandinavia.
"This will drag a cold east to north-easterly flow across the country with snow around, even to lower levels and a moderate overnight frost and ice risk."
(Image: The Weather Channel)
The forecaster added that temperatures would struggle to reach 3-5C which is around 3-4C below the average.
Chilly north-northweasterly winds would make it seem more like -2 to -5C on Monday and Tuesday because of the chill factor.
This would become more severe by midweek with winds gaining strength and the chll factor making it seem more like -5C to -8C.
The coldest night is expected on Wednesday with values sinking between -3C to -6C - up to 7C below normal.
Snow is expected in the north and west on Monday night into Tuesday morning as an occluded front tracks in from Ireland. Accumulations of between 3-5cms are possible over the hills but there is a risk across lower levels.
(Image: The Weather Channel)
Dr Kennedy-Edwards added: "Snow showers are also expected across central areas on Tuesday afternoon. We are potentially looking at a risk of snow in the south-east during Tuesday night and through Wednesday morning as showers feed in from the North Sea.
"There is also a risk of further more widespread snow on Friday."
Less-cold weather is likely the following week but temperatures will still be below average for the time of year.
Odds-on
Meanwhile, bookmaker Coral is odds-on at 10-11 for the temperature to drop to as low as -15C by the end of the week in the UK.
The firm said it continues to see a flurry of bets for February to be the coldest on record, where it is 6-4 in the latest betting, while it is 2-1 for snow to fall in London by the end of the weekend.
Download the Bristol Post app We've launched our very own app for Android and Apple devices which can be tailored to deliver the news and sport that you're interested in. To download the IOS app click here.
To download the Android app click here. Find out more about the app.
Coral spokesman John Hill said: "The latest Arctic blast has prompted a huge gamble on February ending as the coldest on record in the UK something which will leave the bookmakers in a hot sweat over the next few weeks.
"The betting suggests temperatures could fall to as low as -15C this week while we are not ruling out snow falling in London.”
Related Coverage 10 charged with heroin trafficking offenses
NEW HAVEN, Conn. (WTNH) — A New Haven heroin dealer has been sentenced to prison.
Officials say Efrain Rolon-Dones, 29, will spend 15 months in prison with three years of supervised release for his role in a heroin trafficking ring.
According to court documents and statements made in court, investigators purchased controlled amounts of heroin from Rolon-Dones in Oct. 2016. Rolon-Dones has been detained since being arrested in March, 2017.
Related Content: 10 charged with heroin trafficking offenses
On Aug. 14, he pleaded guilty to one count of conspiracy to possess with intent to distribute, and distribution of, heroin.
These purchases were made as part of a larger investigation into drug trafficking between the Bronx, N.Y. and New Haven.
The investigation has resulted in charges against 24 individuals.
Test Boost Elite Weak spot of apprehensive machine is a common health hassle reported with the aid of diabetic patients. If left untreated, excessive blood sugar level can lead manner to each physical in addition to mental fitness problems in patients. Hormonal imbalance is one among the commonplace troubles stated because of vulnerable functioning of fearful system. This imbalance in hormone degree may be properly dealt with by using following a healthful life-style.http://t-rexmuscleadvice.com/test-boost-elite/
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
"The Government will destroy the NHS as a free-at-the point of need service"
Letter to the Bristol Post, February 1, 2018.
We, the undersigned, believe that there is currently an unprecedented winter crisis in the NHS.
This has resulted in the cancellation of much non-emergency surgery for January and may also mean its possible cancellation in February.
This current crisis is the direct result of the continued underfunding and covert privatisation of NHS and social care services.
In addition, there is also the issue of the continuing low pay for many NHS workers.
(Image: (Photo by Matt Cardy/Getty Images))
In response to this situation, the Peoples' Assembly Against Austerity and Health Campaigns Together have called an emergency NHS demonstration on Saturday 3rd February 2018.
It is our belief that this government will destroy the NHS as a free-at-the-point-of-need service unless it is prevented from doing so by mass protest.
Therefore the demonstration on 3rd February has our full support.
Signed:
Dr Kitty Thompson GP
Dr Kieran Gillick, Acute Oncology Senior House Officer, Bristol Haematology and Oncology Centre
Eleanor Bliss, Senior Adult Nurse Lecturer
Darren Jones MP (Bristol North West)
Thangam Debbonaire MP (Bristol West)
(Image: Jon Kent)
Kerry McCarthy MP (Bristol East)
Carla Denyer, Green Councillor for Clifton Down
The family of Becky Romero
Peggy Woodward, retired midwife
Sue Kilroe, retired Psychiatric Nurse
Tom Renhard, Elected Secretary to Bristol Independent Mental Health Network
William Quick, Peri-Operative Ancillary Support Worker and UNISON steward
Bristol People's Assembly
Protect our NHS (Bristol)
Bristol East Labour Party
Bristol South Labour Party
Bristol North West Labour Party
Seahawks' Bennett sits for national anthem in preseason opener
Michael Bennett reportedly plans for sit for the US anthem for the entire NFL season after doing so in a preseason clash.
by Omnisport News 14 Aug 2017, 13:32 IST
Colin Kaepernick, Michael Bennett
Seattle Seahawks defensive end Michael Bennett remained seated for the national anthem during their preseason opener with the Los Angeles Chargers on Sunday.
Bennett has been a vocal supporter of Colin Kaepernick, who sat during the anthem before a preseason game for the San Francisco 49ers last year and knelt for the anthem for the entire 2016 season in protest of what he viewed as oppression "of black people and people of colour" in the United States.
And Bennett reportedly now plans to sit for the anthem for the entirety of the 2017 season.
His actions come after former Seahawk team-mate Marshawn Lynch sat during the anthem prior to the Oakland Raiders exhibition clash with the Arizona Cardinals on Saturday, though he claims he has been doing so for 11 years.
"I want to be able to use this platform to continuously push the message ... of how unselfish you can be as a society," Bennett said after the Seahawks' 48-17 win.
"How we can continuously love one another and understand that people are different; and just because they're different, it doesn't mean that you shouldn't like them. Because they don't smell the way you smell and they don't eat what you eat, because they don't pray to the same god that you pray to, doesn't mean that you should hate them.
"Whether it's Muslim or Buddhists or Christianity, whatever it is, I just want people to understand that no matter what we're in this thing together. It's more about being a human being at this point."
Bennett said his decision had been influenced by violence between white supremacists and anti-fascist protestors in Charlottesville, Virginia.
He added: "Charlottesville had a lot to do with it but I think it's just the journey of who I am as a person. I think everybody has a time where they feel like they need to be who they are and stand up for what they believe in."
On the reaction he expects to receive, Bennett added: "Of course I'm going to face a backlash. This is bigger than me. This is bigger than football. This is bigger than anything that we have any different.
"This is about people. This is about bringing opportunities to people, giving people equality. This is bigger than a sport."
Washington Post: “Throughout the campaign and now in office, Pence has largely managed to avoid the infighting and warring factions of the young White House by keeping his head down and soldiering loyally forward. But the incident with Flynn reveals both the benefits and risks of his approach — he has emerged largely unharmed by the scandal that led to Flynn's resignation, but his influence within the West Wing has come increasingly into question given how little he knew about his own situation.”
“Pence's decision to try to stay out of the cliques that have plagued the White House has allowed him, so far, to maintain his standing as a neutral player committed to forwarding Trump's agenda on Capitol Hill. But it also appears to have left him at times outside of Trump's brain trust.”
PARIS — The French soccer federation has banned referee Tony Chapron for three months after he kicked a player during a league match.
The federation announced the decision Thursday night, giving him a six-month ban with three months suspended.
Chapron was summoned by French league officials to a disciplinary hearing following the incident, when he kicked Nantes defender Diego Carlos before sending him off.
The bizarre incident happened near the end of Paris Saint-Germain's 1-0 win at Nantes. Carlos was running behind Chapron near the halfway line, and trying to catch up with play, when he inadvertently clipped the referee's heels.
See how the new car tax rules are going to impact you
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Major changes to the car tax rules come into force in just 45 days and may change what you pay to keep your motor on the road.
For new car owners, the rules that kick in on April 1, will mean seven out of 10 faces forking out more thanks to the revised Vehicle Excise Duty (VED) tax bands.
And motorists driving some of the most popular motors - once considered the height of 'eco-friendly' technology - must shell out an extra £900 over five years, reports the Exeter Express and Echo .
(Photo: Getty)
Here is how the changes could affect you:
Will I be affected?
Under the new rules only electric and hydrogen cars will be exempt - and all other cars will pay a flat rate of £140.
The amount of carbon dioxide in a car's exhaust gases is calculated using a standard European test and published in every brochure.
And the results show the average amount of carbon dioxide produced for every kilometre that a car drives.
Carbon dioxide is measured in grams, so the results are written as g/km CO2.
A car emitting 99g/km bought before April 1 will be free of road tax for life.
Those bought after the date will cost £120 in the first year, and £140 a year thereafter.
Cars emitting 131g/km will be taxed £200 instead of £130, those emitting 151g/km will be charged £500 instead of £180, and cars emitting 171g/km will be charged £800 instead of £295, while those emitting 191g/km will be charged £1,200 instead of £490.
The highest possible charge will continue to apply to those emitting over 255g/km, but that will rise from £1,100 to £2,000.
However, those buying high-polluting cars may even break, with tax set higher in the first year and subsequently falling every year after that.
Why are they doing it?
The current structure based on CO2 bands was introduced in 2001 when the average emission of a new UK car was 178 gCO2/km.
The Band A threshold of 100 gCO2/km, below which cars pay no VED, was introduced in 2003, when average new car emissions were 173 gCO2/km.
Since then, to meet EU emissions targets average new car emissions have fallen to 125 gCO2/km.
This means that an increasingly large number of ordinary cars now fall into the zero- or lower-rated VED bands, meaning they pay no tax at all.
(Photo: Getty)
What if I can afford a luxury car?
It will be even worse for those who want to buy luxury or low emissions cars.
Currently, they are tax free but the cost will rocket to £310 a year from the second year of operation.
Cars worth more than £40,000 that produce polluting emissions will have to pay £450 a year in years two to six.
So what do I do now?
James Hind, founder of the car buying site carwow.co.uk , says: "Some models will cost significantly more to tax each year, so there are long-term savings to be had by buying before the new system kicks in.
"Hybrid cars and small petrol-powered city cars will be cheaper to tax if you buy before April 1."
If you are unable to buy your low-emissions car before April, then it is worth considering a nearly-new car, which will continue to be taxed under the old system.
Could I actually be better off?
Possibly. A report by consumer website Honest John says some car owners will save up to £245 a year.
The rules are being introduced as greener cars, which until now have benefited from lower car tax, increase in numbers on the road.
That means the Government has been losing out on tax revenue.
This will be reversed as the UK's best selling car - the Ford Fiesta 1.0 EcoBoost 100PS - will now cost owners £540 more to tax over four years.
Zero-emission cars will not be exempt from the changes on April 1.
After one free year, owners of expensive to buy electric cars - that's anything that costs over £40,000, will have to pay £310 a year.
The changes affect all new cars, registered from April 1 this year.
Currently you could buy some types of Vauxhall Corsa, Ford Focus, Ford Fiesta, Volkswagen Golf or Nissan Qashqai and pay zero car tax.
Anything that emits less than 99g/km doesn't qualify for VED under the current system.
But from April 1 this year you will end up paying more than £125 a year for all of those cars.
The new system means there are three bands.
Zero emission cars pay no tax. Standard cars (anything over zero) pay £140 a year and owners of any car that costs more than £40,000 - regardless of its emissions - will pay £310 for five years.
On top of that, in the first year, cars are rated on their carbon-dioxide emissions and will pay a one-off VED of between nothing and £2,000.
So owners of hybrid cars, who currently pay no car tax, will pay £10 in year one, then £140 a year after that.
Owners of some high-performance cars, or cars which guzzle gas, will be better off - as the yearly flat rate of £140 is less than they currently pay.
Honest John's managing editor, Daniel Powell, said: "Many motorists are unaware of the changes that are coming for VED, but the fact of the matter is this: the system is changing, and low emissions cars won't be as tax efficient as they were before."
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Arsenal FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Arsenal fans are thrilled Mesut Ozil has signed a new deal with Arsenal... and are using it as a stick with which to beat Alexis Sanchez.
The German was heavily linked with a move to Manchester United in January, the same destination Alexis Sanchez moved to in the winter window.
But he has committed his future to Arsenal by penning a fresh three-year deal at the Emirates.
And Gunners fans are convinced this is a show of loyalty from Ozil... the like of which you wouldn't see from his former teammate.
(Image: Mesut Ozil/Twitter)
(Image: Getty Images Europe)
Ozil announced his new deal by posting: “#YaGunnersYa … ooh yaa! Proud to announce: I signed dat thing… 3 more years with Arsenal!
"It's been one of the most important decisions of my footballing career and that's why I had to think hard and talk with everyone who's important to me.
"Good things take time! In the end I let my heart decide.
"As I always said, I feel at home here and I'm highly motivated to achieve big things in the next few years. Once a Gunner, always a Gunner!”
Millwall manager Neil Harris and the rest of his backroom staff will be out watching games this weekend as they take advantage of the international break.
The Lions are not back in action until next weekend's derby at Brentford.
“Myself and my staff have all been at fixtures in the Checkatrade Trophy on Tuesday and will be at fixtures this weekend,” said Harris. “Either in League One, League Two or the Conference – to see players that we know or that our scouts may have flagged up during the first part of the season.
“We'll see if we can see players in the future who might improve us.
“Most staff members just enjoy football anyway, so it's good to be at games.
“We found last year there are a hell of a lot of good teams in League One and you enjoy watching a lot play.
“We'll certainly be at games watching teams, players and broadening our knowledge of the leagues below.”
Free Senior health fair at Charles R. Drew Wellness Center
COLUMBIA, SC (WOLO)– Looking to get a health screening? The Charles R. Drew Wellness Center will host a free health fair for Seniors on Wednesday, May 30.
It is open to ages 50 and older in recognition of National Senior Health & Fitness Day
Officials say the event will include free health screenings (blood pressure, A1C, kidney & more), an activity zone (Zumba, yoga, chair exercises & more), and exhibitors. Guests can enter to win several prizes including a Fitbit, NutriBullet, gift certificates, exercise equipment and more!
WHEN: Wednesday, May 30 from 10 a.m. – 2 p.m.
WHERE: Charles R. Drew Wellness Center, 2101 Walker Solomon Way
For more information, contact the Drew Wellness Center at 803-545-3200
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Bristol City are somehow still in the race to make the Sky Bet Championship play-offs despite throwing away a 4-2 lead to draw 5-5 with Hull City on Saturday afternoon.
The Robins are now in tenth place with 66 points, three from Millwall in sixth spot with two games remaining of the season.
City take on Nottingham Forest and Sheffield United knowing they need maximum points and hope their rivals slip-up again.
There are as many as nine different teams vying with City for a play-off place, with three of those Cardiff City, Fulham and Aston Villa, already confirmed of their place and likely to face The Robins should City reach 5th or 6th place.
Birmingham Live takes a look at the sides that City could come up against in the semi-final and final, were they to make the cut.
Cardiff City
Top six finish odds: Neil Warnock's side have already secured their spot in the play-offs but could still go up automatically as they sit in 2nd, one point above Fulham with a game in hand. They are 2/7 to finish in the top two.
Form: Cardiff have won four of their last sven games. They lost two on the trot against Wolves and Aston Villa before getting back on track in their last game, claiming a 2-0 victory over Norwich City. They defeated Nottingham Forest 2-1 on Saturday night.
Last six: LLDWWW
Derby County (a)
Hull City (a)
Reading (h)
Head to Head:
At Ashton Gate: Bristol City 2-1 Cardiff City
At the Cardiff City Stadium: Cardiff City 1-0 Bristol City
What Neil Warnock says
“I would say (Norwich win was) our best result of the season, and it's all still in our own hands. If we keep winning no-one can catch us.
“Norwich are a good side, and we made a bit of a slow start, but I thought we defended really well. The back four were excellent, and Bruno (Ecuele Manga) when he came on, but I thought Sean Morrison stood out. I'd give him 12 out of 10.
“What I love about the Championship, is being in charge of sides like these, a group of lads who are brave and honest and will go out there and die for you, week in, week out.”
Key player
Junior Hoilett – The tricky winger has been integral for Neil Warnock's side this season, creating chances for his teammates as well as chipping in with 9 league goals. Most of Cardiff's attacking play goes through Hoilett.
Fulham
Top six finish odds: Fulham have already secured their play-off spot and could sneak into the top two if Cardiff slip up. The Cottagers are 4/6 to gain automatic promotion.
Form: Fulham have claimed 17 points from 21 and have not lost a game in their last svven. They are the in form team in the league at this current time and they secured a vital 3-0 win over Millwall on Friday night.
Last six: WWWWDW
Sunderland (h)
Birmingham City (a)
Head to Head:
At Ashton Gate: Bristol City 1-1 Fulham
At the Craven Cottage: Fulham 0-2 Bristol City
What Slavisa Jokanovic says
“Now we are thinking about last season, thinking about Watford and different steps – actually it's not necessary right now.
“For us, we are a different team and at the end we learn some things from the past but I am not thinking so much about these things.
“Great challenege is in front of us, this season we will have one or two chances in front of us for fighting to be promoted, we will push for the first chance and if we need to be ready for it we will be ready for the next chance too.”
Key player
Aleksander Mitrovic – Newcastle United loanee Mitrovic has 12 goals in his last 12 games and is in brilliant form.
Aston Villa
Top six finish odds: Aston Villa have already secured a top six finish and there is an unlikely chance they could finish in the top two if Fulham and Cardiff slip up. Villa are 3/1 to win promotion.
Form: Villa have claimed 13 points from a possible 21 in the last seven games, losing away fixtures to Bolton and Norwich. Their home form has been much better, winning their last three at Villa Park.
Last six: WLWDLW
Derby County (h)
Millwall (a)
Head to Head:
At Ashton Gate: Bristol City 1-1 Aston Villa
At the Craven Cottage: Aston Villa 5-0 Bristol City
(Image: Paul Knight/JMP)
What Steve Bruce says
“We'll look forward to the challenge (the play-offs) if that's the way it goes for us.
“Theyre great games to be involved in. If you can get past the semi-final and have a big day out at Wembley, then there's nothing better.
“I've had the fortune of doing it twice through the play-offs. If it needs to be, let's hope it's lucky the third time around as well.”
Key player
Jack Grealish – The 22 year-old attacking midfielder has had his best season in a Villa shirt and chipped in with plenty of assists for his side.
Middlesbrough
Top six finish odds: Boro are the best place team out of six sides that haven't already secured a play-off spot as they sit in 5th on 72 points. Tony Pulis' side are 11/4 to go up.
Form: Boro have had mixed results in their last seven games, winning three times, drawing twice and losing twice. Their victory at Derby was a real statement of intent.
Millwall (h)
Ipswich Town (a)
Last six: LWDLDW
Head to Head:
At Ashton Gate: Bristol City 2-1 Middlesbrough
At the Riverside Stadium: Middlesbrough 2-1 Bristol City
What Tony Pulis says
“The first half (against Bristol City) I really felt disappointed as a manager. Second half they were fantastic.
“The team has been very up and down at times, but I felt today we had a settled performance.
“I'm pleased with the result of course but I'm more pleased with the application from the players.”
Key player: Adama Traore – The ex-Aston Villa winger has been a potent threat on the wing for Boro this season with his pace and dribbling giving full-backs nightmares. Traore has scored 5 league goals in 23 starts this campaign.
Millwall
Top six finish odds: Millwall have somehow crept into 6th place after a great run of form, level on points with Middlesbrough. Derby has a game in hand on them and are just one point behind. Neil Harris' side are 20/1 to go up..
Form: Millwall lost their 17 game unbeaten run at the hands of Fulham on Friday night. They now face two tricky fixtures to finish the campaign
Last six: WWDWWL
Middlesbrough (a)
Aston Villa (h)
Head to Head:
At Ashton Gate: Bristol City 0-0 Millwall
At The Den: Millwall 2-0 Bristol City
What Neil Harris says
“We have got everything to gain and very little to lose. We have had a terrific season. We are in a great position and we have ruffled the feathers of a lot of big clubs and we are enjoying it.
“Middlesbrough, Derby, Bristol City and Brentford think they should be in the play-offs. Villa and Fulham fans expect themselves to win promotion. We don't expect anything.
“All I expect from my players is a desire and work ethic. What I do know is that if we did get in there, then we'd be a tough team to stop because it would be our third year in a row.”
Key player
Jed Wallace – Another winger who has shone for a play-off contender, Wallace has been superb this season in supplying chances for the Millwall forwards and has six goals and nine assists to his name.
Derby County
Top six finish odds: Derby have dropped down to 7th after being in the top six for the majority of the season.
The Rams do have a game in hand on the teams around them and if they can take advantage of that they will put themselves in a great position to claim a top six finish. They are 10/1 to go up.
Form: Derby are suffering their end of season collapse that seems to happen a lot recently in previous seasons. Gary Rowett's side did look to get out of this rut with two wins on the bounce against Preston and Bolton before a run of defeats.
Last six: LWWLLL
Cardiff City (h)
Aston Villa (a)
Barnsley (h)
Head to Head:
At Ashton Gate: Bristol City 4-1 Derby County
At The Den: Derby County 0-0 Bristol City
What Gary Rowett says (speaking after the Burton defeat):
“If you work harder than the opposition and show more endeavour, and if you have got better players quality-wise, then you should win the game.
“If you don't do the first two things, then you are going to give yourself a really difficult chance of winning.
“We didn't compete enough, we did not show enough drive.
“I have said to the players in there, ‘I am not sure how many of you really want to put yourself out and get in the play-offs'.
“That is a disappointing thing for me to say because I don't like making comments like that.”
Key player
Matej Vydra – The striker has scored 19 league goals this season and is proving to be a potent threat up front for Gary Rowett's side this season.
Preston North End
Top six finish odds: Preston is in 9th place, just two points from the final play-off place. They are 40/1 to win promotion.
Form: Alex Neil's side had won three and lost three in their last six games before their 0-0 draw with Norwich. Two wins could put them in contention
Last six: WLLLWD
Sheffield United (a)
Burton Albion (h)
Head to Head:
At Ashton Gate: Bristol City 1-2 Preston
At Deepdale: Preston 2-1 Bristol City
(Image: Robbie Stephenson/JMP)
What Alex Neil says
“We've got as good a chance as anybody else in that area.
“What we've got to do is focus on ourselves. Whatever happens elsewhere, if we don't win we're not going to get there.
“We've got to keep going, win our games and then we'll see what happens.
“A lot of the teams around us have got each other to play, but we have got some points to claw back.”
Key player
Tom Barkhuizen – Once again another winger shining in the Championship this season. Barkhuizen has eight goals and seven assists this season and has had a massive impact in games this season for Preston.
Sheffield United
Top six finish odds: Sheffield United have dropped off recently after a brilliant start to the season. The Blades have had a superb first season back in the Championship following their promotion from League One last season. They are now 250/1 to win promotion.
Form: The Blades have only won once in their last seven, drawing four of those fixtures. They claimed an important victory over Middlesbrough before a 1-1 draw with Millwall. However the defeat to Birmingham makes it an uphill battle.
Last six: WLDDDL
Preston North End (h)
Bristol City (a)
Head to Head:
At Ashton Gate: City's last game of the season is at home to Sheffield United
At Bramble Lane: Sheffield United 1-2 Bristol City
What Chris Wilder says
“It was the right result (against Millwall). From our point of view we couldn't quite find the quality and when we did we weren't clinical.
“From our point of view it was a porr goal to give away, especially after getting our noses in front in a tight game.
“This doesn't enhance our chances but the picture can change in the space of a week because this division is so unpredictable. We're waiting and relying on other results but the season is still alive with three games to go.”
Key player
Leon Clarke – The striker has scored 18 goals for the season now and has continued his fine form from League One into the Championship.
Brentford
Top six finish odds: Brentford are now up to eighth, just one point off the Lions in sixth.
Form: The Bees are unbeaten in seven games, winning four and drawing three. They beat City, Ipswich Town and Nottingham Forest all 1-0 before salvaging a late point at high-flying Fulham in their last game. Saturday's 2-1 win over QPR keeps them well in the mix.
Last six: WWWDDW
Barnsley (a)
Hull City (h)
Head to Head:
At Ashton Gate: Bristol City 0-1 Brentford
At Bramble Lane: Brentford 2-2 Bristol City
What Dean Smith says
“We are four points off and teams have to play each other. We've got another big west London derby next week against QPR and we'll be going all out to win that one.
“We have been playing catch up since not winning for the first eight games.
“I'm really proud of the team. The lads don't give up, and we are disappointed that we don't have the points tally we feel we deserve, but we are playing catch-up after a slow start to the season.
Key player
Ollie Watkins – The forward has ten goals in 37 starts for The Bees and is their most dangerous player from an attacking point of view.
Bristol City
Top six finish odds: The Robins are now 100/1 to win promotion after their 5-5 draw with Hull City.
Current form: Three defeats in the last seven and no away win since December. It doesn't look promising.
Last six: WLLDWD
Nottingham Forest (a)
Sheffield United (h)
Lee Johnson says
“I think we've got to give it a right go to win the last three games. I think we can win on any given day – you saw that today that we had moments in the game.
“Obviously we went 1-0 in front and we've got three games that are winnable for us.
“If we're at it. And that's my point. We have to have as many players as possible being 8s, 9s and 10 because we're not a club with huge resources that can have those quality decision makers.
“Our boys are learning in flight and improving and have to take the lessons from big games like this.”
Key player: That's easy Bobby Reid. The youngster glides around the pitch causing mayhem in pockets of space. No player has been involved in more goals in terms of assists (six) and goals scored (18).
A look at what's happening around baseball Thursday:
TEST OF THE CHAMPION
After wrapping up a series at Yankee Stadium on Wednesday night, Jose Altuve and the World Series champion Astros return home to face another 2017 playoff opponent in Boston. Including a four-game series at Cleveland last weekend, that makes three straight foes for Houston that participated in last year's post-season. Lance McCullers Jr. (6-3, 3.98 ERA) starts the opener of a four-game set against Red Sox lefty Drew Pomeranz (1-2, 6.75 ERA).
BACK ON THE MOUND
Dodgers ace Clayton Kershaw is scheduled to return to the rotation at home against the Philadelphia Phillies. The three-time NL Cy Young Award winner has been on the disabled list for nearly a month with left biceps tendinitis. He is 1-4 with a 2.86 ERA this season. Aaron Nola (6-2, 2.27 ERA) pitches for the Phillies.
BEASTS OF THE NL EAST
The Nationals and Braves, in a tight race with the Phillies for the top spot in the NL East, begin a four-game series in Atlanta. Tanner Roark (2-4, 3.17 ERA) starts for Washington against Atlanta's Sean Newcomb (5-1, 2.75 ERA).
'ROCK BOTTOM' IN QUEENS
The New York Mets have been reeling, and first-year manager Mickey Callaway is looking for a way out. Almost nothing has gone right since New York won its fourth straight game on May 21. It began Wednesday's game against the Atlanta Braves having lost seven of nine and in danger of falling under .500 for the first time this season. "We've hit rock bottom the last few days and we have to come out of it," Callaway said. The bullpen is 1-5 with an 8.51 ERA in its past six games. New York has 11 players on the disabled list, including sluggers Yoenis Cespedes and Todd Frazier, reliever Anthony Swarzak and catcher Travis d'Arnaud.
STILL NOT MILLER TIME
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
JASON FARMER / STAFF PHOTOGRAPHER Wallenpaupack's Shannon Sarro wins the 200-yard freestyle against West Scranton on Tuesday. JASON FARMER / STAFF PHOTOGRAPHER Wallenpaupack's Justin Romeo wins the 200-yard individual medley against West Scranton on Tuesday.
Justin Romeo had two individual wins to lead Wallenpaupack to a 95-69 win over West Scranton in a Lackawanna League boys swimming meet Tuesday.
Ben Mushak, Zach Niemiec and Michael Bruno each had two individual wins for West Scranton.
200 Medley Relays: Wallenpaupack 2:02.91, West Scranton. 200 Free: Ben Mushak (WS) 2:31.76, Sands (WAL), Van Wettering (WAL). 200 IM: Justin Romeo (WAL) 2:33.01, Waszak (WAL), Gowarty (WS). 50 Free: Zach Niemiec (WS) 26.0, McCabe (WAL), Rivera (WAL). Diving: Michael Bruno (WS) 256.7. 100 Fly: Owen McCabe (WAL) 1:08.3, Gowarty (WS). 100 Free: Zach Niemiec (WS) 1:08.41, Lafave (WAL), Van Wettering (WAL). 500 Free: Ben Mushak (WS) 6:53.45, Kober (WAL), Rivera (WAL). 200 Free Relay: West Scranton (M. Bruno, Romeo, J. Bruno, Niemiec) 1:48.95, Wallenpauapck, Wallenpaupack. 100 Back: Michael Bruno (WS) 1:16.89, Jacobs (WAL), Lafave (WAL). 100 Breasts: Justin Romeo (WAL) 1:11.56, Waszak (WAL), J. Bruno (WS). 400 Free Relay: Wallenpaupack 4:40.12, West Scranton, Wallenpaupack.
Records: WAL 3-4, WS 1-7.
Abington Heights 128½
Holy Cross 29½
At Marywood, Ben Vale, Shane Cummings, Josh Przekop, Jarred Ocwicja, Chris Suh and John Frantz wins to lead Abington Heights.
Andrew Healey had two wins for Holy Cross.
200 Medley Relays: Abington Heights (Karabin, Suh, Vale, Cummings) 1:55.58, Abington Heights, Holy Cross. 200 Free: Andrew Healey (HC) 1:58.64, Weiland (AH), Kelleher (AH). 200 IM: Ben Vale (AH) 2:21.15, Wasko (AH), Hodge (AH). 50 Free: Shane Cummings (AH) 24.95, Talbot (HC), Colaizzi (HC). Diving: No contest. 100 Fly: Josh Przekop (AH) 58.77, Karabin (AH), Kniess (AH). 100 Free: Jarred Ocwicja (AH) 56.41, Hodge (AH), Kelleher (AH). 500 Free: Andrew Healey (HC) 5:27.14, Weiland (AH), Graham (AH). 200 Free Relay: Abington Heights (Suh, Vale, Weiland, Cummings) 1:36.25, Abington Heights, Holy Cross. 100 Back: Chris Suh (AH) 1:05.89, Karabin (AH), Graham (AH). 100 Breasts: John Frantz (AH) 1:13.88, Cummings (AH), Seid (AH). 400 Free Relay: Abington Heights (Weiland, Karabin, Suh, Vale) 3:44.69, Abington Heights, Abington Heights.
Records: AH 6-1, HC 1-6.
Girls swimming
Alexandra Tomaine, Emily McHale, Madeline Neville, Abigail Hoban and Carly Tomaine each had a win to lead Holy Cross to an 87-83 win over Abington Heights.
April Sokalsky had two wins for Abington Heights.
200 Medley Relays: Holy Cross (Hoban, C. Tomaine, A. Tomaine, VanLouvender) 2:06.33, Abington Heights, Abington Heights. 200 Free: April Sokalsky (AH) 2:11.01, VanLouvender (HC), Jackson (AH). 200 IM: Alexandra Tomaine (HC) 2:31.73, C. Tomaine (HC), Sladicki (AH). 50 Free: Emily McHale (HC) 27.8, Feather (AH), Hoban (HC). Diving: No contest. 100 Fly: Leah Byman (AH), A. Tomaine (HC), Patel (AH). 100 Free: April Sokalsky (AH) 58.77, VanLouvender (HC), McHale (HC). 500 Free: Madeline Neville (HC) 6:10.34, Jackson (AH), Healey (HC). 200 Free Relay: Abington Heights (Sokalsky, Feather, Sladicki, Jackson) 1:53.32, Holy Cross, Abington Heights. 100 Back: Abigail Hoban (HC) 1:08.53, Byman (AH), Neville (HC). 100 Breasts: Carly Tomaine (HC) 1:18.72, Sladicki (AH), Talbot (HC). 400 Free Relay: Holy Cross (Neville, Hoban, VanLouvander, McHale) 4:08.83, Abington Heights, Abington Heights.
Records: HC 5-3, AH 4-4.
Wallenpaupack 125
West Scranton 40
At West Scranton, Wallenpaupack finished first in all 11 events to earn a win.
Shannon Sarro, Kristen Denniston, Kara Campbell, Sheila Whitman, Cailin Campbell, Mary Harmuth, Maddie Schmalzle and Taylor Kryzan each had a win for the Lady Buckhorns.
200 Medley Relays: Wallenpaupack (C. Campbell, K. Campbell, Whitman, Kryzan) 2:07.05, Wallenpaupack, West Scranton. 200 Free: Shannon Sarro (WAL) 2:31.35, Brodhead (WAL), Argenta (WS). 200 IM: Kristen Denniston (WAL) 2:47.62, Jacobs (WAL), Schmalzle (WAL). 50 Free: Kara Campbell (WAL) 26.06, Mangan (WS), Eagan (WS). Diving: No contest. 100 Fly: Sheila Whitman (WAL) 1:11.04, Mangan (WS), Sarro (WAL). 100 Free: Cailin Campbell (WAL) 58.03, Brodhead (WAL), Emmick (WS). 500 Free: Mary Harmuth (WAL) 6:44.16, Menderis (WAL), Prestianni (WAL). 200 Free Relay: Wallenpaupack (Campbell, Whitman, Kryzan, Campbell) 1:51.39, Wallenpaupack, West Scranton. 100 Back: Maddie Schmalzle (WAL) 1:24.67, Emmick (WS), Carfora (WAL). 100 Breasts: Taylor Kryzan (WAL) 1:32.09, Eagan (WS), Winagle (WAL). 400 Free Relay: Wallenpaupack (Jacobs, Denniston, Whitman, Kryzan) 4:31.29, Wallenpaupack, West Scranton.
Records: WAL 7-1, WS 0-8.
Wrestling
Scott Jacoby, Noah Johnson, Aidan Price, RJ Knott and Logan Hivner had pins to lead Abington Heights to a 47-26 win over Scranton Prep in a nonleague match.
Biagio D'Apollonio and Mikey Welsh had pins for Scranton Prep.
120: Scott Jacoby (AH) pinned Connor Chernesky, :50. 126: Noah Johnson (AH) pinned Nicholas Gialorenzi, 3:52. 132: Jacob Rosentstein (AH) tech fall Patrick Mariotti, 16-0, 6:00. 138: Sean Myers (AH) by forfeit. 145: Biagio D'Apolonio (SP) pinned Sam Northup, 5:56. 152: Mikey Welsh (SP) pinned Eric Jacoby, 5:37. 160: Christopher Langan (AH) dec. Tommy Carroll, 11-5. 170: Bruce Parola (SP) dec. Owen Hivner, 4-2, SV. 182: Aidan Price (AH) pinned Andrew Huertas, 4:33. 195: Adam Wellard (AH) dec. Ivan Balavage, 7-5. 220: RJ Knott (AH) pinned Luke Dougherty, 5:11. 285: Logan Hivner (AH) pinned Will McGregor, 2:28. 106: Dan Matthews (SP) by forfeit. 113: Sammy Segers (SP) tech fall Bill Peters, 15-0, 6:00.
Wallenpaupack 57, Berwick 19
At Berwick, Ryan Hartman, Anthony Krug,
Tyler Neglia and David DeGroat had pins to lead Wallenpaupack.
106: Nicholas Yule (BER) dec. Brennan Hannon, 5-4. 113: Peter McDermott (WAL) by forfeit. 120: Maurice Smith (BER) by forfeit. 126: Bryan Metz (WAL) dec. Quabrim Wiggins, 7-5. 132: Travis Dent (BER) pinned Connor Kresge, 1:21. 138: Michael Ortiz (WAL) by forfeit. 145: Ryan Hartman (WAL) pinned Jordan Tongel, :39. 152: Anthony Krug (WAL) pinned Austin Dewald, 1:14. 160: Kyle McDermott (WAL) by forfeit. 170: John Hannon (WAL) by forfeit. 182: Chad Vasey (WAL) by forfeit. 195: Tyler Neglia (WAL) pinned Hunter Welch, 1:36. 220: Stone Force (BER) maj. dec. Thomas Hiller, 11-0. 285: David DeGroat (WAL) pinned Christopher Gross, 1:30.
Contact the writer:
sports@timesshamrock.com
@sportsTT on Twitter
PBL 2017 Day 1 round-up: Thrilling wins for Hyderabad Hunters and Bengaluru Blasters
Marin beat Sindhu in the much-awaited clash of the titans.
@Sudsports by Sudeshna Banerjee Breaking 02 Jan 2017, 15:02 IST
Carolina Marin inspires Hyderabad to victory
The second season of the Premier Badminton League (PBL-2) kicked off at Hyderabad on Sunday with two pulsating matches that saw the southern franchises Hyderabad Hunters and the Bengaluru Blasters clinch thrilling 4-3 wins over the Chennai Smashers and the Delhi Acers respectively.
In the first match, which was also the most-awaited one, Olympic champion Carolina Marin beat Smashers' PV Sindhu 11-8, 12-14, 11-2 to set the tempo for the rest of the day. Chennai did get closer to victory when their star mixed doubles a pair of Chris and Gabrielle Adcock won their Trump Match to put their team 3-1 up.
But the Hunters' Rajiv Ouseph and the men's doubles a pair of Tan Wee Kiong and Tan Boon Heong dashed their hopes to gift a 4-3 victory to the hosts. The Englishman upset the reigning Denmark Open champion Tanongsak S 6-11, 11-8, 11-6 and then the Malaysian doubles exponents finished the job by winning their Trump Match 11-7, 11-8 over the Smashers' Mads Pieler Kolding and B Sumeeth Reddy.
Sourabh Verma nearly upset the World No. 4 in the second PBL match
The second match of the day too had a lot of excitement and drama in store. It began with an enthralling clash between the World No. 2 and the World No. 3 men's singles players – Jan O Jorgensen of the Acers and Viktor Axelsen of the Bengaluru Blasters. Both being from Denmark were very familiar with each other and also train often together.
It was the senior countryman and China Open winner Jorgensen who beat the European champion Axelsen, 11-9, 11-8 to put the defending champions Acers 1-0 up.
In the mixed doubles encounter, the in-form Sikki Reddy teamed up with the World No. 2 Ko Sung Hyun and they exhibited an impeccable show to put the Blasters back in contention. The Indo-Korean duo made short work of the Acers' Jwala Gutta and Vladimir Ivanov, 11-6, 11-6.
The third match of the day turned out to be an absolute cracker. The Chinese Taipei Masters champion Sourabh Verma of the Blasters was on the verge of upsetting the World No. 4 Son Wan Ho in the Acers' Trump Match. Ultimately, however, the 24-year-old could not complete the job as he went down fighting 15-13, 9-11, 6-11 after a tremendous effort that was, without any doubt, the best contest of the second PBL match on Day 1.
The Blasters soon erased that setback and steered the rest of this clash their way. Their men's doubles duo of Hyun and Yoo sealed a 10-12, 11-3, 11-6 win over the seasoned World No. 9 combine of Ivanov and Ivan Sozonov.
The final match of the day – the women's singles face-off between the Acers' Tanvi Lad and the Blasters' Cheung Yi was crucial because it was the Trump Match for the latter. Lad put up a mighty challenge but in the end, it was not enough as Cheung grabbed the vital Trump win, 11-9, 6-11, 11-2 and with it, sealed the overall 4-3 win for the Bengaluru franchise.
WASHINGTON—U.S. President Donald Trump condemned white supremacists on Monday after two days of withering criticism over his failure to do so.
“Racism is evil. And those who cause violence in its name are criminals and thugs, including the KKK, neo-Nazis, white supremacists and other hate groups that are repugnant to everything we hold dear as Americans,” Trump said at the White House.
Trump had been denounced even by Republicans for a Saturday statement in which he faulted “many sides” for bigotry and violence at a white supremacist demonstration in Charlottesville, Va., where an anti-racist protester was murdered when an apparent white supremacist allegedly ran into her intentionally with a car.
Trump, for the first time, said the name of the murder victim, 32-year-old Charlottesville paralegal Heather Heyer. He did not offer any details about her other than to call her “young,” a marked departure from his vivid descriptions of people killed by illegal immigrants.
Trump, this time, stuck to his prepared text, eschewing the ad-libbed boasting that marked his address on Saturday — though he began by bragging about his economic record. He spoke after a meeting on Charlottesville with Attorney General Jeff Sessions and FBI Director Christopher Wray.
Welcome, everyone...
It has been over two months since Arsenal's last Champions League game — a 4-1 win over Swiss side Basel — but the wait is almost over.
Tonight they take on Bundesliga champions Bayern Munich at the Allianz Arena.
These two sides have become well accustomed to each other in recent years, meeting multiple times in both the knockout and the group stages.
Arsenal have beaten their opponents a couple of times but, by and large, the German's record is favourable.
Arsene Wenger's main focus tonight will be to ensure the tie is still alive at the end of the evening. Lose two, three or four nil and the second leg in London will be redundant.
Join us here throughout the day as we bring you all the build-up to the game, and then every kick when it gets underway...
ICC World XI vs West Indies: Five West Indian players to watch out for
It is very important for West Indies to get back on track before the Sri Lanka series.
Rupin Kale FEATURED WRITER Top 5 / Top 10 30 May 2018, 17:48 IST 3.17K Share Options × Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Reddit Google+ Email
Chris Gayle and Andre Russell will be amongst West Indies' most important players against the World XI
West Indies, the champions of World T20 2016, will take on a star-studded World XI team in a fund-raising T20 game at Lords on Thursday (May 31).
The funds collected through his venture will go into the rebuilding of the Carribean stadiums, Ronald Webster Park and Dominica's Windsor Park, which incurred damaged due to Hurricane Irma and Hurricane Maria in September last year.
The West Indian cricket team, who had to participate in the ICC World Cup Qualifiers to book their spot in the ODI tournament that will be held in England this year, have been down in the trenches in terms of their recent international performances. They will want to set things right against World XI on the day, more so because of the manner in which they lost their last T20 series to Pakistan and New Zealand.
Here are the five West Indian cricketers to watch out for in the game:
#1 Chris Gayle
The big-hitting left-hander had a terrific start to his IPL 2018 campaign but tapered off in the latter stages of the tournament. However, he still showed that he has a lot of hitting prowess in him and that he is perfectly capable of ripping open any bowling attack on his day.
After wreaking havoc with his willow in domestic T20 leagues across the globe, Gayle will be rearing to don the maroon of his national side against the World XI. It will be an interesting contest between him and the likes of Mohamed Shami, Adil Rashid, and Rashid Khan on the day.
The Next Collapse: Signaled by the Bond Market Video – ITM Trading
Lynette Zang
We uncover the truth about complex financial banking and economic systems to allow people to make educated choices that empower their future. ITM Trading is A Precious Metals Company located in phoenix AZ.
Press Prostitutes Lie Through Their Teeth About House Intelligence Committee Report
As Expected, Press Prostitutes Lie Through Their Teeth About House Intelligence Committee Report
Paul Craig Roberts
The House Intelligence Committee's report on the FBI/DOJ deception of the FISA court has now been released. I have read the so-called “Nunes Memo.” As far as I can tell, the report from the House Intelligence Committee says exactly what the previously released Memorandum Opinion and Order from the FISA court itself says. I posted the court document — https://www.dni.gov/files/documents/icotr/51117/2016_Cert_FISC_Memo_Opin_Order_Apr_2017.pdf— and explanations of it — https://www.paulcraigroberts.org/2018/01/22/spy-court-finds-survelliance-operating-outside-law/ — and — https://www.paulcraigroberts.org/2018/01/22/here-are-all-the-facts-about-russiagate/ .
The FISA court document, declassified and released, contains confessions from both the FBI and DOJ that the agencies misled the court and falsely acquired surveillance permission. The FBI and DOJ mischaracterize their deception of the court as “mistakes.” The agencies provide the court with improvements in their procedures so as not to make “mistakes” in the future.
Why did the FBI and DOJ rush to confess to the FISA court? The reason is that NSA Director Adm. Rodgers discovered their illicit spying, investigated it, and let it be known that he was reporting the FBI and DOJ malfeasence to the FISA court. Adm. Rodgers also informed President Trump.
All of this is known. Yet the House Intelligence Committee and the White House released the “Nunes Memo” without pointing out that it was already confirmed by the FISA court itself and by NSA Director Adm. Rogers. Why?
One consequence of this continuing Republican incompetence is that it allows the presstitutes, who also know about the FISA court memorandum, to ignore that confessions validating the “Nunes Memo” are in the hands of the FISA court. Consequently, the presstitutes, such as the CNN whores, are at their dirty dishonest work of misrepresenting the documented facts in the House Intelligence Committee report as “Nunes' allegations,” “Nunes' assertions,” “a disputed GOP intelligence memo that alleges FBI abuses,” and so forth. See, for example, https://www.cnn.com/2018/02/02/politics/republican-intelligence-memo/index.html
We know that there is not an ounce of integrity in the presstitute media and no respect whatsoever for truth. The press prostitutes are a lie factory. Nothing else can be said for them. CNN presstitutes Pamela Brown and Jim Sciutto misrepresent documented findings of the House Intelligence Committee, findings backed up by the released FISA court document, as a “highly controversial memo” that “is the most explicit Republican effort yet to discredit the FBI's investigation into Trump and Russia, alleging that the investigation was infused with an anti-Trump bias under the Obama administration and supported with political opposition research.”
Is Pamela Brown and Jim Sciutto so utterly incompetent that they are unaware that endless emails reveal the anti-Trump bias and that the Steele dossier was paid political opposition research? How can anyone pretending to be a reporter pretend not to know the available documented undisputed facts?
The FBI, that is, the criminal organization that should be indicted for conspiracy against the United States, alleges falsely that “the memo omits key information that could impact its veracity.” It does not. You can find the same information in the FISA court document. Moreover, Adm. Rogers can be put on the stand, and he can confirm that the FBI and DOJ misled the FISA court to obtain permission to spy for partisan political reasons.
Why the Republicans, armed with enough information to smash the FBI, Obama DOJ, DNC, and presstitute conspiracy, can't put their act together is a mystery.
Compare the words of US attorney Joe DiGenova with those of the CNN presstitutes.
Sharing is caring!
NEW YORK -- A senior North Korean official and the top U.S. diplomat had dinner in New York on Wednesday as President Donald Trump and Kim Jong-un try to salvage prospects for a high-stakes nuclear summit. It's the highest-level official North Korean visit to the United States in 18 years.
Kim Yong Chol, the former military intelligence chief and one of the North Korean leader's closest aides, landed midafternoon on an Air China flight from Beijing. Associated Press journalists saw the plane taxi down the tarmac before the North's delegation disembarked at JFK International Airport.
During his unusual visit, Kim Yong Chol had dinner for about an hour-and-a-half with Secretary of State Mike Pompeo, who traveled from Washington to see him. The two planned a "day full of meetings" Thursday, the White House said. Their talks will be aimed at determining whether a meeting between Trump and Kim Jong-un, originally scheduled for June 12 but later canceled by Trump, can be restored, U.S. officials have said.
The talks come as preparations for the highly anticipated summit in Singapore were barreling forward on both sides of the Pacific Ocean, despite lingering uncertainty about whether it will really occur, and when. As Kim and Pompeo were meeting in New York, other U.S. teams were meeting with North Korean officials in Singapore and in the heavily fortified Korean Demilitarized Zone.
"If it happens, we'll certainly be ready," White House spokeswoman Sarah Huckabee Sanders said of the Singapore summit. Regarding the date for the meeting, she added, "We're going to continue to shoot for June 12th."
North Korea's flurry of diplomatic activity following a torrid run in nuclear weapons and missile tests in 2017 suggests that Kim Jong-un is eager for sanctions relief to build his economy and the international legitimacy the summit with Trump would provide. But there are lingering doubts on whether Kim will ever fully relinquish his nuclear arsenal, which he may see as his only guarantee of survival in a region surrounded by enemies.
Trump announced that Kim Yong Chol was coming to New York for talks with Pompeo in a tweet on Tuesday in which he said he had a "great team" working on the summit. That was a shift from last week, when Trump announced in an open letter to Kim Jong-un that he had decided to "terminate" the summit following a provocative statement from the North.
Pompeo, Trump's former CIA chief, has traveled to Pyongyang twice in recent weeks for meetings with Kim Jong-un, and has said there is a "shared understanding" between the two sides about what they hope to achieve in talks. South Korean media speculated that Pompeo could make a third trip to Pyongyang and that Kim Yong Chol was carrying a personal letter from Kim Jong-un and might push to travel to Washington to meet with Trump.
North Korea's mission to the United Nations in New York is its sole diplomatic presence in the United States. That suggests Kim might have chosen to first go to New York because it would make it easier for him to communicate with officials in Pyongyang, North Korea's capital. North Korea and the United States are still technically at war and have no diplomatic ties because the 1950-53 Korean War ended with an armistice, not a peace treaty.
Trump views a summit as a legacy-defining opportunity to make the nuclear deal that has evaded others, but he pledged to walk away from the meeting if he believed the North wasn't serious about discussing dismantling its nuclear program.
After the North's combative statements, there was debate inside the Trump administration about whether it marked a real turn to belligerence or a feint to see how far Kim Jong-un could push the U.S. in the lead-up to the talks. Trump had mused that Kim's "attitude" had changed after the North Korean leader's surprise visit to China two weeks ago, suggesting China was pushing Kim away from the table. Trump's letter, the aides said, was designed to pressure the North on the international stage for appearing to have cold feet.
White House officials maintain that Trump was hopeful the North was merely negotiating but that he was prepared for the letter to mark the end of the two-month flirtation. Instead, the officials said, it brought both sides to the table with increasing seriousness, as they work through myriad logistical and policy decisions to keep June 12 a viable option for the summit.
Kim Yong Chol is a vice chairman of the North Korean ruling party's central committee. The last official of his stature to visit the United States was Jo Myong Rok, the late first vice chairman of the National Defense Commission, who visited Washington in 2000, South Korea's Unification Ministry said.
The White House emphasized that it has remained in close contact with South Korean and Japanese officials as preparations for the talks continue. Spokeswoman Sarah Huckabee Sanders said Trump will host Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe of Japan on June 7 to coordinate their thinking ahead of the summit. Trump hosted South Korean President Moon Jae-in last week.
Moon, who has lobbied hard for nuclear negotiations between Trump and Kim Jong-un, held a surprise meeting with the North Korean leader on Saturday in an effort to keep the summit alive.
-By Josh Lederman, Matthew Lee and Christopher Bodeen
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Sherlock' s Benedict Cumberbatch has said he is honoured that the "sociopath" detective has been named the world's favourite BBC TV character.
And although Sir Arthur Conan Doyle's sleuth had some stiff competition from the likes of Fawlty Towers' Basil Fawlty, the Doctor in Doctor Who and Hyacinth Bucket, Mr. Holmes managed to bag the accolade.
The grand title comes after BBC Worldwide surveyed more than 7,000 18 to 64-year-olds from seven countries, including Australia, France, the US and Japan, with almost 30% of them all backing Cumberbatch 's Sherlock.
Coming in at number two was the Doctor (most recently portrayed by Peter Capaldi), while Idris Elba's gritty murder-squad detective, DCI John Luther, came in third.
(Photo: PA)
Benedict, 40, also snagged top-prize for most memorable scene as Sherlock for his fall to apparent death at the end of the show's second series.
It was named the most iconic BBC moment with a whopping 26% of the vote, finishing ahead of Monty Python's famous Dead Parrot sketch in second.
Colin Firth's Mr Darcy emerging topless from the lake in Pride And Prejudice also made the top 10 in fifth while David Brent's improvised dance at a comic relief party in The Office came in eighth.
Cumberbatch said: "I'm honoured to hear that my portrayal of Sherlock has been internationally recognised as viewers' favourite BBC TV character.
(Photo: PA)
"Who would have thought a high-functioning sociopath could be so popular with people all over the world?"
The contemporary reimagining of Conan Doyle's Sherlock, co-starring Martin Freeman as Dr Watson, has been sold by the BBC to 240 territories internationally.
The series, created by Mark Gatiss and Steven Moffat, has received numerous accolades since its debut on the BBC in 2010.
Earlier this year the fourth series, rumoured to be its last, benefited from one of the biggest boosts in ratings ever caused by people recording a TV programme and watching it later.
(Photo: PA)
(Photo: PA)
The series' penultimate episode, broadcast on January 8, had an overnight audience of just six million in Britain.
But consolidated ratings published, which include those who recorded the show and saw it later, bumped the figure up to 9.5 million.
Paul Dempsey, BBC Worldwide president of global markets, said: "This survey demonstrates the love and affection audiences have for our shows around the world and those defining TV moments that get viewers talking, wherever they are."
The research was carried out in the lead-up to the BBC Worldwide Showcase 2017 which takes place between February 19 and February 22.
Favourite British BBC Characters
1. Sherlock 29.7%
2. The Doctor 17.6%
3. Luther 12.4%
4. Basil Fawlty 11.8%
5. The Stig 8.2%
6. Patsy Stone 8.1%
7. Edmund Blackadder 7.4%
8. Hyacinth Bucket 6.1%
9. Vicar of Dibley 5.8%
10. The Daleks 5.6%
Most Iconic BBC Moments
1. Sherlock falling to his "death" 26.0%
2. Monty Python dead parrot sketch 14.1%
3. The Doctor's regeneration in Doctor Who 13.1%
4. The ballroom scene with Prince Andrei and Natasha in War And Peace 12.6%
5. Mr Darcy emerging from the lake in Pride and Prejudice 12.5%
6. Basil Fawlty attacking his car in Fawlty Towers 11.5%
7. Sir David Attenborough and the gorillas in Life on Earth 10.2%
8. David Brent dancing in The Office 9.5%
9. When the murderer comes from out of the bed in Luther 6.53%
10. "Don't tell him, Pike" in Dad's Army 6.50%
CKWSD SELECTS HAND
CEDAR KEY WATER AND SEWER DISTRICT
SELECTS
HAND TO REPLACE COLSON
February 15, 2017
On Monday, February 13, 2017, the Cedar Key Water and Sewer District convened its monthly meeting. Among other serious business items on the agenda was the “selection ad swearing in of board member to fill the vacancy created by resignation of Seth Colson.” The seat, filled Monday evening, will be in place until May. At that time, three seats will open for election.
Five Cedar Key residents applied for the Colson's recently vacated seat: Joe Hand, Matt Chatowsky, Nicki Rucker, Anne O'Steen, and Steve Rosenthal. All applicants were asked the initial screening questions to which all replied the appropriate answers: Are you full-time resident? Are you registered to vote in Cedar Key? Have you a problem filing financial disclosure forms with the county? Can you generally make monthly meetings? Have you any conflicts of interest?
Joe Hand reported his Master's Degree Environmental Engineering from the University of Florida and thirty-five years' experience working with the Department of Environmental Protection, based in Wakulla County and in Gainesville. During that tenure, he worked on water quality, both surface water and ground water.
Matt Chatowsky reported his Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science and his work with writing software. He reported having no water experience, but that he is most fond of Cedar Key and if he could be of any benefit to it, he would like to do so.
Well Nickie Rucker reported that she, too, had no water experience but had the skills of learning quickly, budgeting carefully, working well in a team, and staying on task.
Anne O'Steen reported having no water experience but wanting to do something to better the quality of water in Cedar Key. She further reported an Associate of Arts degree in Education and her desire to help.
Steven Rosenthal reported his Bachelor's Degree in Economics, his honors degree, his Doctor of Jurisprudence degree, and his membership in the Florida Bar for thirty years. “Water is life; nothing is more important to keep our species alive,” Rosenthal said. He stated his belief that his legal experience may be useful to the District and that he would like to offer that expertise.
After several difficult questions from current CKWSD board members Dottie Haldeman, Chris Reynolds, and Leslie Sturmer, to all applicants, the board unanimously selected Joe Hand to replace Seth Colson until May 2017.
*****
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Liverpool FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Liverpool may face the prospect of playing a Champions League clash behind closed doors next season as a result of their fans' disgraceful bus attack on Manchester City.
Reds supporters threw various missiles at the coach containing Pep Guardiola and his stars prior to the quarter-final first leg.
The bus was left with smashed windows and had to be replaced during the course of the game.
Liverpool quickly condemned the attack and Jurgen Klopp apologised to Guardiola on behalf of the club.
(Image: Action Images via Reuters)
(Image: AFP)
Following the clash, both UEFA and the police launched probes into the unsavoury scenes.
However, no arrests have been made.
(Image: REX/Shutterstock)
The European football governing body are set to make a decision over what punishment Liverpool will receive on Thursday, according to The Telegraph .
And one of the potential sanctions by UEFA could be playing a group game in next season's Champions League behind closed doors.
Liverpool have already been charged for letting off fireworks and throwing objects inside both Anfield and the Etihad.
CHAPEL HILL, N.C. — North Carolina will add Ohio State transfer Antonio Williams to its backfield.
The school announced Tuesday that the running back is transferring with two years of eligibility remaining after he sits out this fall due to NCAA rules. He played in 12 games last year for the Buckeyes and 13 for his career, rushing 63 times for 318 yards and three touchdowns during his time there.
Williams was a four-star instate recruit who ran for 7,999 yards at North Stanly. He committed to UNC during high school before ultimately signing with the Buckeyes.
___
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
JAKE DANNA STEVENS / STAFF PHOTOGRAPHER Dunmore High School football players celebrate their win over Ligonier Valley at Hershey Park Stadium on Nov. 25 during the PIAA Class 2A quarterfinal in Hershey. Southern Columbia eliminated the Bucks in a Dec. 1 semifinal game. A writer praises the team's accomplishments.
Partial tax tale
Editor: A guest column published Dec. 6 in The Times-Tribune and authored by Laszlo Varga and Jose Manuel Sanchez of Procter & Gamble endorsed a proposed tax bill working its way through Congress.
They stressed the passage of the bill, with its lowering of the corporate tax rate of 35 percent, as “essential” to the economic future of the country. They assert it will boost economic growth here at home.
They can now come down from their soapbox.
P&G's effective tax rate in 2016 was 25 percent. In 2014, it was 21 percent. Moreover, that is only what they paid. The group Citizens for Tax Justice reports P&G has $49 billion in foreign profits stashed overseas in avoidance of the corporate tax.
The men write that countries are lowering their tax rates. True, but how much commercial opportunity is there for P&G in Kyrgyzstan or Uzbekistan? The Tax Foundation reports the worldwide weighted average corporate tax rate to be 29.55 percent.
Americans should not have to level the playing field for a company more concerned with maximizing its shareholders' returns than its obligation to pay its fair share of taxes to support our society. The economic future of our country depends on a prosperous middle class and successful small business.
DONALD G. MAYER JR.
SCRANTON
Real change needed
Editor: President Donald Trump and the truth have a long and complicated relationship that continues to keep journalists ready to fact-check.
We all remember his campaign promise to immediately repeal and replace the Affordable Care Act. “You're going to have such great health care, at a tiny fraction of the cost — and it's going to be so easy,” he said. “Nobody can do it like me.”
But, by the end of February Trump had changed his tune and tweeted, “Nobody knew health care could be so complicated.” If there's one thing almost everybody across the political spectrum knew about health care reform, it's that it's really hard.
Probably the only thing harder is tax reform. Trump tweeted recently, “We're going to give the American people a huge tax cut for Christmas.” In reality, we would be better off with a lump of coal from all the mining jobs he didn't bring back.
Trump's tax bill is a middle class con job with the biggest benefits of the bill increasingly flowing to the rich, over time. By 2027, the Congressional Budget Office said, Americans earning $75,000 a year and less would, as a group, see their taxes increase, because individual tax cuts are set to expire at the end of 2025.
Trump won the election because Americans wanted change, but instead they got a president who is a disaster. Because of his incompetence, positive change will come in the form of new candidates inspired to run, many who never held office before.
A good example is Judy Herschel, a grass-roots candidate for U.S. representative in the 10th Congressional District in 2018. She will challenge Rep. Tom Marino, of Lycoming County, whose pockets are so weighed down by special interest contributions that he has no time to meet with his constituents.
This is the kind of change America needs and it can't happen too soon.
DEB McNAMARA
UNION DALE
Bucks applauded
Editor: The 2017 Dunmore High School football team accomplished every bit of the message of well-advertised lawn signs of “God family, Dunmore Bucks,” despite not achieving their preseason goal of playing for the state high school championship.
The team, coach Jack Henzes, additional coaches, the band, cheerleaders, students and fans became close together during the season. It has united and kept the Dunmore community together again for a very special reason.
One of the songs of the Christmas season, “Joy To the World, the Lord Is Come,” was exhibited in the ability of the team and fans to show courage and humility in losing, while still keeping their heads high. The Dunmore Bucks may have lost a game but gained a lot in the hearts of more than just the citizens of Dunmore.
We could not be prouder of all those involved who provided moral, spiritual support and leadership in every way. This is the season to be justifiably grateful.
The Bucks lost the game as a team with dignity and a realization that they will be prepared to meet future goals and challenges. They are indeed true winners. They played like champs and conducted themselves like champs. Congratulations on a job well done and appreciated by more than just the Dunmore community
JIM MASTERS
DUNMORE
Vanishing benefits
Editor: Republicans in the Senate have brought the elderly a giant step toward the precipice with a partisan approval of their “trickle-down” tax bill.
Now the least damage retirees can expect may be the loss of future cost of living increases in Social Security benefits. The most to fear will be depletion of the Social Security trust fund in a few years, followed by a 20 percent automatic cut in benefits.
Additionally, copays for Medicare could very well rise to 25 percent or more, with only 75 percent of medical expenses covered for beneficiaries. Those in Medicare Advantage plans would find essential benefits missing from their policies entirely.
Be proud of what your government has done, my fellow geriatrics, but remember: Pride cometh before a fall.
EARL BAILEY
SCRANTON
Dishonorable protest
Editor: It is shocking that awards are given for disrespect.
Some people call it freedom of speech, but Sports Illustrated magazine gave a person an award for disrespecting my country, my country's flag and my county's anthem by kneeling for the national anthem to protest racial injustices. Protest all you want, but don't disrespect my country, the flag and the national anthem. There is a difference between protesting and disrespect.
Put your head where your heart should be. Many people are no longer here and gave you the right to protest, not to disrespect the cause for which they gave their lives.
RICHARD BYRON
DICKSON CITY
Illegal formation
Editor: With the college football bowl season upon us, here are some lesser-known games to add to the lineup:
■ Impeachment Bowl: A variation of the venerable Peach Bowl, this contest pits the Russia Colluders vs. Mueller's Maulers.
■ Charlie Rose Bowl: Not just any Rose Bowl, this one is a clash between entertainers, media personalities and politicians accused of groping and harassment vs. their accusers and their legal teams.
■ The Multi-Flush Bowl: In this epic battle, Washington lawmakers do their best to get clogged, stubborn legislation to go down before the stadium overflows and washes their constituents into a sea of despair. This matchup features special guest referee Colin “the Plunger” Kaepernick.
VINCE MORABITO
SCRANTON
Stars of Coronation Street have gathered for the funeral of much-loved soap actress Liz Dawn.
Cast members past and present arrived at Salford Cathedral to pay their respects to the 77-year-old, who played the part of Vera Duckworth on the cobbles for 34 years.
A coach of Coronation Street stars arrived at the church ahead of the service.
Among the mourners were Samia Longchambon, who plays Maria Connor, and her husband Sylvain, a professional ice skater.
Alan Halsall, whose character Tyrone Dobbs was taken in by Vera and husband Jack on the soap, attended with wife Lucy-Jo Hudson, who played Katy Harris in the soap.
Helen Worth, who plays Gail Rodwell, Jack P Shepherd, who plays David Platt, and Chris Gascoyne, the soap's Peter Barlow, were also present for the service.
Former stars Ken Morley, who played Reg Holdsworth, Bruce Jones, who played Les Battersby, and Alison King, who played Carla Connor, also turned out to pay their respects.
In her role as the wife of on-screen husband Jack, played by the late Bill Tarmey, the duo endeared themselves to millions of the Street's fans, becoming a staple of the ITV soap.
A former Woolworths shop girl from Leeds, who first set foot on Weatherfield's famous cobbles in 1974, Dawn, who had four children, died peacefully last week at home with her family around her.
She had been diagnosed with the lung disease emphysema and was written out of the show in 2008 at her request.
By The Associated Press
Sunday, Dec. 10 EAST
Brown 83, Colgate 73
Hartford 59, Bryant 47
Seton Hall 73, Boston College 53
Wagner 60, Longwood 43
SOUTH
Florida 72, Marshall 69
MIDWEST
Iowa St. 99, NC Central 58
Northwestern 68, Stony Brook 36
Oakland 104, UM Dearborn 44
___
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
The Charges have signed tight end Austin Roberts and waived longsnapper Anthony Kukwa, the team announced Wednesday.
Roberts is an undrafted free agent who played his collegiate football at UCLA while Kukwa hailed from little known Lake Erie College. At 6-foot-2 and 230 pounds, Roberts is small for a tight end and was listed as a wide receiver/TE often times during his time with the Bruins.
But Los Angeles unquestionably has a dire need at TE after the team decided to part ways with future Pro Football Hall of Fame player Antonio Gates ahead of his age 38 season. Though that move seemed nearly inevitable, it served as a gut punch once the Bolts' young star TE Hunter Henry saw his season ended before it began due to an anterior cruciate ligament (ACL) tear this month.
Although it isn't likely that general manager Tom Telesco would consult him on such things, Chargers QB Philip Rivers did say that he was open to the possibility of Gates returning to the roster this week. With NFL rosters still bulging at around 90 players, Roberts may not be much more than a camp body in the end. But it was a wise move by Telesco & Co. to add a TE during this stage of organized team activities (OTAs).
Authorities have hit back at campaigners for using the name of famed Yorkshire vet Alf Wight to further their position in a row over council tax hikes for second-home owners.
The debate in recent weeks has centred around original proposals from the Yorkshire Dales National Park Authority which would see a Band D property land an annual council tax of £8,500.
The authority, however, is now asking the eight tax-setting local authorities within the park to strike an accord to open talks with the Government to explore what options are available for raising the tax on second homes within the park's boundaries.
As opponents of the proposal, the Dales homeowners Action Group, say it is “an affront to the legacy of the Dales' most famous second homeowner” the authority has hit back, saying the literary giant was inspired by the “strength and distinctiveness” of the community life it is seeking to protect.
“Many of our towns and villages already have too many second homes, and the number is increasing,” a spokesman said. “The effects on community life are clear for all to see. We have to take responsibility for the future – and try to attract families and retain more.
“We are not entirely comfortable with the second homeowners' action group using Alf Wight's name to further their own position. But since they have, it might be pointed out to them that this literary giant was inspired by the strength and distinctiveness of community life in the Dales.”
The Dales homeowners Action Group has written to Environment Secretary Michael Gove urging him to consider whether the authority has overstepped its statutory remit by promoting a tax rise. The group accuses the park authority of “allowing prejudice to cloud their judgement in protecting the economy of an area massively dependent on tourism”.
In their attacks on the proposal, the group said it was “an affront to the legacy of the Dales' most famous second homeowner, Alf Wight, aka James Herriot, who was responsible for injecting millions into the Dales”.
Mr Wight, whose main home was in Thirsk, bought a second home in the park at West Scrafton, Coverdale, in 1978 with proceeds from sales of his famous James Herriot tales of veterinary life and the subsequent television series All Creatures Great & Small.
The action group said: “Anyone following his lead by investing in or inheriting another home in the park is now being rewarded with the threat of punitive council tax hikes originally suggested as five times that of other residents.”
Mr Wight's son, Jim, said the current arguments about whether there should be a tax rise on second homes has nothing to do with his father, but that he did not mind the group mentioning him.
“He was a second homeowner and he did a huge amount for the Dales,” said Mr Wight, who inherited his father's second home, as he went on to explain how he viewed the initial proposed tax rise of “at least five times”.
“It's a phenomenal rise,” Mr Wight said. “Personally speaking instead of £2,000 a year I would have to pay £12,000 a year.
“If council tax was put up by 50 per cent across the country, there would be riots but it has been suggested that we may have to suffer a 500 per cent rise.”
The national park authority has suggested that a large tax increase on the 1,500 or so second homes in the Dales, could bring more homes back into full-time occupancy and would help address a lack of affordable housing.
Mr Wight said he understood why the authority had suggested the move, but that he believes there must be other options to a “punitive” tax rise.
“I see where they are coming from. There may be too many second homes in the Dales but I don't think this is the way to address it. They could possibly be phased out instead and sold to local people. There will be a lot of people who have had these homes handed down through inheritance.”
Mr Wight has said he would not mind paying a little more in tax.
“I would be prepared to pay more than permanent residents because I consider it a privilege to live in such a place,” he said. “My basic feeling on this is that it's the size of the uplift. It's a smash and grab raid. If it was a 50 per cent rise, for me that would an extra £1,000. If every second homeowner in the Dales paid the same, that would be £1.5m. Could that go to help young people get on to the housing ladder?
“They could limit the number of second homes in the Dales to a certain percentage in each parish, at the discretion of the local parish. It mustn't be forgotten that a lot of second homeowners let their houses out too and holidaymakers come and spend their money.”
Love is great in all its forms — but if you ask me, there's no better form of love than self-love. It's not always an easy journey, but it's so important to learn how to have a healthy relationship with yourself. Of course, it's always nice to feel loved and appreciated by other people, but if you love yourself, you won't rely as much on external validation in order to feel good about yourself.
"Self-love is all about building your self-esteem and self-image," psychoanalyst Laurie Hollman, Ph.D., tells Bustle. "The idea is to use your ideal self as your guide, not expecting to reach it, but to give you direction and a hopeful outlook. We often depend on others for validation, but it's important to have your own internal compass."
We all struggle with our own individual insecurities, but that doesn't mean we can't also love ourselves, and find things about ourselves to admire and appreciate. Even (or perhaps especially) on days where you feeling down on yourself, it's important to remind yourself of all the things you love about yourself — which is exactly what Twitter users are doing using the hashtag #ILikeMeBecause. If you want a little inspiration, here are 13 empowering tweets that showcase the importance of self-love.
1 Choose Optimism Over Everything It's not always easy to be optimistic, but searching for the positive in any given situation is definitely something to admire in yourself.
2 Don't Let The Haters Get You Down As long as you like yourself, it won't matter as much when others don't — and your haters will only be irked more by your indifference to their opinion of you.
3 Casts Off Negativity We all go through difficult phases in life, and it can be hard to muster up hope for the future during those times. If you make an active effort to be more positive and hopeful, that's a super admirable thing.
4 Survive & Thrive There are so many industries dominated by men — and being able to not only survive but thrive in one of those industries as a woman is extremely laudable.
5 Appreciate Your Flaws, Too Self-love isn't just about appreciating your good qualities: it's also about acknowledging and appreciating your less-than-ideal traits.
6 Be Happy In Your Own Skin There's always room for self-improvement, but that doesn't mean you can't be happy with all of who you are in the meantime as you gradually improve yourself.
7 Be (Self) Lovable Some people are naturally just so darn lovable — and if you're one of those people, that's something to celebrate about yourself.
8 Appreciate Your Humor IMHO, there's nothing wrong with laughing at your own jokes; after all, if *you* don't think you're funny, who else will?
9 Always Be Yourself One of the most admirable traits a person can have? The ability to stay true to who they are, even when others are pressuring them to change or pretend to be someone they're not.
10 Be Someone Others Can Rely On Being described as "reliable" might not be the most glamorous adjective, but there's nothing lame at all about being someone whom others can count on when they need it most.
11 Keep Your Word Is there anything worse than someone who constantly breaks their promises? If you're someone who values and sticks to their word, that's something that shouldn't go unappreciated by yourself.
12 Lead By Example When it comes to self-love, leading by example is a great way to look at it: if it's clear to others that you love and accept yourself, it'll be easier for them to love and accept you, too.
After 146 years, the curtain is coming down on "The Greatest Show on Earth." The owner of the Ringling Bros. and Barnum & Bailey Circus told The Associated Press that the show will close forever in May.
The iconic American spectacle was felled by a variety of factors, company executives say. Declining attendance combined with high operating costs, along with changing public tastes and prolonged battles with animal rights groups all contributed to its demise.
"There isn't any one thing," said Kenneth Feld, chairman and CEO of Feld Entertainment. "This has been a very difficult decision for me and for the entire family."
The company broke the news to circus employees Saturday night after shows in Orlando and Miami.
Ringling Bros. has two touring circuses this season and will perform 30 shows between now and May. Major stops include Atlanta, Washington, Philadelphia, Boston and Brooklyn. The final shows will be in Providence, Rhode Island, on May 7 and in Uniondale, New York, at the Nassau County Coliseum on May 21.
The circus, with its exotic animals, flashy costumes and death-defying acrobats, has been a staple of entertainment in the United States since the mid-1800s. Phineas Taylor Barnum made a traveling spectacle of animals and human oddities popular, while the five Ringling brothers performed juggling acts and skits from their home base in Wisconsin. Eventually, they merged and the modern circus was born. The sprawling troupes traveled around America by train, wowing audiences with the sheer scale of entertainment and exotic animals.
By midcentury, the circus was routine, wholesome family entertainment. But as the 20th century went on, kids became less and less enthralled. Movies, television, video games and the internet captured young minds. The circus didn't have savvy product merchandising tie-ins or Saturday morning cartoons to shore up its image.
"The competitor in many ways is time," said Feld, adding that transporting the show by rail and other circus quirks — such as providing a traveling school for performers' children— are throwbacks to another era. "It's a different model that we can't see how it works in today's world to justify and maintain an affordable ticket price. So you've got all these things working against it."
The Feld family bought the Ringling circus in 1967. The show was just under 3 hours then. Today, the show is 2 hours and 7 minutes, with the longest segment — a tiger act — clocking in at 12 minutes.
"Try getting a 3- or 4-year-old today to sit for 12 minutes," he said.
Feld and his daughter Juliette Feld, who is the company's chief operating officer, acknowledged another reality that led to the closing, and it was the one thing that initially drew millions to the show: the animals. Ringling has been targeted by activists who say forcing animals to perform is cruel and unnecessary.
In May of 2016, after a long and costly legal battle, the company removed the elephants from the shows and sent the animals to live on a conservation farm in Central Florida. The animals had been the symbol of the circus since Barnum brought an Asian elephant named Jumbo to America in 1882. In 2014, Feld Entertainment won $25.2 million in settlements from groups including the Humane Society of the United States, ending a 14-year fight over allegations that circus employees mistreated elephants.
By the time the elephants were removed, public opinion had shifted somewhat. Los Angeles prohibited the use of bull-hooks by elephant trainers and handlers, as did Oakland, California. The city of Asheville, North Carolina nixed wild or exotic animals from performing in the municipally owned, 7,600-seat U.S. Cellular Center.
Attendance has been dropping for 10 years, said Juliette Feld, but when the elephants left, there was a "dramatic drop" in ticket sales. Paradoxically, while many said they didn't want big animals to perform in circuses, many others refused to attend a circus without them.
"We know now that one of the major reasons people came to Ringling Bros. was getting to see elephants," she said. "We stand by that decision. We know it was the right decision. This was what audiences wanted to see and it definitely played a major role."
The Felds say their existing animals — lions, tigers, camels, donkeys, alpacas, kangaroos and llamas — will go to suitable homes. Juliette Feld says the company will continue operating the Center for Elephant Conservation.
Some 500 people perform and work on both touring shows. A handful will be placed in positions with the company's other, profitable shows — it owns Monster Jam, Disney on Ice and Marvel Live, among other things — but most will be out of a job. Juliette Feld said the company will help employees with job placement and resumes. In some cases where a circus employee lives on the tour rail car (the circus travels by train), the company will also help with housing relocation.
Kenneth Feld became visibly emotional while discussing the decision with a reporter. He said over the next four months, fans will be able to say goodbye at the remaining shows.
In recent years, Ringling Bros. tried to remain relevant, hiring its first African American ringmaster, then its first female ringmaster, and also launching an interactive app. It added elements from its other, popular shows, such as motorbike daredevils and ice skaters. But it seemingly was no match for Pokémon Go and a generation of kids who desire familiar brands and YouTube celebrities.
"We tried all these different things to see what would work, and supported it with a lot of funding as well, and we weren't successful in finding the solution," said Kenneth Feld.
Brentford manager Dean Smith has given a message to his players ahead of their next clash against Bristol City, following the side losing their first two games of the season.
The Bees host the Robins tomorrow night at Griffin Park after losing to Nottingham Forest on Saturday.
Smith has made it clear that there could be changes to the line-up and told players shirts are up for grabs.
Speaking to the Brentford's official website the Griffin Park boss said: “I have just said to the players that there are shirts up for grabs.
(Image: Warren Little/Getty Images)
“We have lost the first two games. I don't think we warranted the two defeats but it is what it is. You have to play to the best of your ability to keep the shirt.
“It is too early to say for Tuesday but maybe conceding four goals we need to change things. I have certainly got the quality to do that.
Speaking about Saturday's defeat he added: “We have to put the disappointment of the result behind us and concentrate on Bristol City now.”
City have so far won against Barnsley at Ashton Gate in a 3-1 victory before losing to Birmingham City on Saturday in a 2-1 defeat at St Andrew's.
(Image: Robbie Stephenson/JMP)
Last season the Robins failed to beat Brentford with a 1-0 defeat on home turf in December before a 2-0 defeat in West London in April.
SPRINGFIELD -- For High School of Commerce math teacher Carlos Lopez, it's not enough that his students do well in class, he wants them to apply those lessons in the real world.
"It's not about just learning math or science or English, it's about understanding the purpose of what they are learning and applying it when they move forward in their life and careers," said Lopez during a meeting with Gov. Charlie Baker and Delaware Gov. John Carney on Thursday.
The governors visited several Springfield schools to speak with administrators, teachers and students about the Empowerment Zone, a partnership between the state, Springfield school officials and the teachers union in which eight public middle schools and now Commerce are overseen by a board and granted more autonomy to make decisions in areas like hiring, scheduling, budgeting and curriculum.
Baker has visited the district several times since the Empowerment Zone launched in 2015.
"The message at every single school has been that this is the first time many of these teachers have had any say in what the curriculum development process looks like, what the professional development process looks like, and they are all fired up about being given the chance to drive the kind of reform they believe will help kids," he said.
The meeting included many of the people who were on a design team that spent all of last year creating a vision of how the Empowerment Zone method would be applied to the high school.
Senior Jah' Inaya Parker was a part of that design team and said the Empowerment Zone model has taught her to see her education and her teachers in a new light.
"Since I've been on the team, I've realized the students' outlook and the teachers' outlook about the school has changed," she said. "Me being here has affected the way I feel about school, the way I feel about my peers and the way I feel about the way my teachers are teaching me."
The governors also met with the staff and students of the Springfield Honors Academy, a school within the high school, with 59 freshmen picked through an application process to participate in a rigorous academic program.
Principal Grace Howard-Donlin said she is proud of the teachers and students who are taking part in the new school.
"We have a program that is very unique and has certain aspects to it that maybe set us apart from other programs and will allow our students to have unique opportunities," she said.
A group of students from the academy met with the governors to talk about their experience so far. When asked by Baker which class they like the best, many answered biology, taught by Ian Howes.
Howes said he is thankful for the Empowerment Zone model because it gives him the freedom to experiment.
"I have the regular curriculum, but I also get to come up with lab projects that are hands-on and get the kids interested in science," he said.
Baker said what has impressed him most about the model has been how the administrators, teachers and students have taken ownership of their schools.
"This gives teachers and administrators the mechanism through which they can own reform, and do it within the framework of a traditional public school," he said. "I think we should all be willing to give this sort of model a chance."
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get football updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
BT Sport chiefs admit they are prepared to lose out on Premier League football after thousands of subscribers left the service.
Together with Sky, the broadcaster has invested billions in hoovering up the right to not only the Premier League, but also Champions League football and Ashes cricket.
But MailOnline reports that BT chief executive Gavin Patterson admitted yesterday that they have a 'Plan B' which doesn't include top flight football coverage.
Viewers on the Sky platforms could pay up to £28 a month for the HD service from BT Sport- plus a one off set up fee - while standard definition costs £22.99 a month.
If you have BT broadband the service costs just £3.50 a month.
(Image: Publicity Picture)
(Image: Getty)
The sports channels spent over £1billion to show Champions League matches - and faces the latest round of Premier League rights auctions this month.
Fees are expected to rise to £7billion mark and when asked if BT Sport could survive without the Premier League, Mr Patterson told MailOnline: "Yes, absolutely.
(Image: John Powell)
"I don't want in any way to diminish the importance of the Premier League of course, but it is just one of a broad set of rights.
"We will be competitive but ultimately won't go beyond the price it is worth to us. We have a Plan B."
Sky and BT paid combined £5.14bn in 2015 to broadcast 168 matches per season, with the latter taking 42 matches per season.
There has been speculation that internet giants Amazon would also be in the bidding for matches.
(Image: BT Sport)
Last month Sky and BT came to an agreement to help viewers.
Both have spent mega money in recent years during their battles over Premier League and Champions League coverage.
For football fans however, that has meant having to pay extra to watch all the action.
The Champions League, Europa League and some Premier League action has been housed on BT Sport, with the majority of Premier League action - plus live Football League - on Sky Sports instead.
However, the new deal agreed between the two broadcasters means that Sky and BT have signed off to sell their channels on their rivals' platform.
As such, BT will now supply its sports channels to Sky, and in return will sell Sky's Now TV service - including Sky Sports - to its customers, meaning fans can now gain access to all Premier League matches without having to choose between TV packages.
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
The Tribune, Dec. 11, 1942
December 11, 1942
Body of infant found in river
Scranton police were investigating after the discovery of a body of a premature infant in the Lackawanna River.
According to police, four teenage boys discovered the body, which was wrapped in newspaper inside a pasteboard box, in the river between the Mulberry Street viaduct and the Ontario & Western trestle. The police took the body to Walsh's morgue to be examined by Deputy Coroner Dr. Joseph Sulula. Police said there was a piece of flannel found with the baby. The flannel had markings on it that may help them in their investigation.
Contracts for piston plant awarded
A construction contract for a new piston plant on the Scranton-Minooka border was awarded to the Henry E. Baton Co. of Philadelphia. The Baton Co. placed a bid of $266,000 for construction of the plant.
Sparing no time, construction on the facility was to begin in five days and would employ 200 workers.
The plant was expected to employ several hundred people working on three shifts.
Book reviewer speaks at club
Virginia Kirkus, book reviewer and critic, gave a lecture at the Century Club.
Her talk centered on what makes the best seller. She said that books about dogs, doctors and President Lincoln do very well. She joked that if one could write a book about Lincoln's doctor's dog, it would be a hit. She also said book reviews in daily papers are more important for book sales because of the decline in book advertising.
BRIAN FULTON, library manager, oversees The Times-Tribune's expansive digital and paper archives and is an authority on local history. Contact Brian at bfulton@timesshamrock.com or 570-348-9140.
Johnathan Williams had 13 points and 10 rebounds for Gonzaga (21-4, 11-1 West Coast), which had lost to BYU at home each of the previous three seasons. Perkins added seven assists.
TJ Haws had 22 points for BYU (18-7, 7-5), which was coming off a head-scratching road loss at Loyola Marymount. Luke Worthington added 16 points and Yoeli Childs had 14.
"We played hard and if we keep playing like that, I have no doubt we will have a great February and be a very successful team in March," Worthington said.
BYU coach Dave Rose said his players were frustrated by the loss.
"I thought we played well," Rose said. "If we hit a couple more 3s, it may have been a different story." The Cougars were only 3 of 20 from 3-point range.
"We're a skilled group, but we got into situations where their physicality overwhelmed us," Rose said.
Although Gonzaga has lost only 15 times in the McCarthey Athletic Center since it opened in 2004, three of those were to BYU in the past three years. Last year's loss in the final game of the regular season was top-ranked Gonzaga's first defeat.
Few said he wasn't troubled by past results.
"I just wanted to win," he said.
Haws' 3-pointer brought BYU within 57-55, and his next basket tied the score at 59 with 2:39 left.
Zach Norvell Jr. sank a 3-pointer and Williams hit a layup for a 64-60 Gonzaga lead with 1:36 left.
BYU turned the ball over on its next two possessions and the Zags extended their lead at the free throw line.
Gonzaga used an 8-0 run midway through the first half to build a 24-17 lead. Gonzaga extended the lead to 36-26 at halftime, after limiting BYU to 41 per cent shooting.
The Bulldogs went cold in the second half, and Haws hit a 3-pointer to bring the Cougars within 39-35.
Two free throws by Elijah Bryant tied the score at 43 with 13 minutes left.
BRYANT STYMIED
BYU leading scorer Elijah Bryant was held to four points and shot just 1 of 11 from the floor. "They always seem to have one or two guys that can take away your best scorers," Rose said.
POLL IMPLICATIONS
The Zags have a chance to move up in the polls as three teams ranked above them lost on Saturday.
BIG PICTURE
BYU: Childs has scored in double figures in all but one game this season. The Cougars had lost two of their previous three games. They are seeking a 13th straight season with at least 20 wins.
Gonzaga: The Bulldogs have won at least 20 games for the 21st consecutive season. They have six players averaging in double figures and their 87.4 points per game are fifth in the nation.
UP NEXT
BYU hosts Santa Clara next Thursday.
Gonzaga plays at Pacific next Thursday and has a rematch against No. 13 Saint Mary's next Saturday.
___
More AP college basketball: https://collegebasketball.ap.org and https://twitter.com/AP_Top25
By Nicholas K. Geranios, The Associated Press
NEWINGTON, Conn. (WTNH) — A woman was arrested and a man fled the scene from a shoplifting incident at the Best Market in Newington on Feb. 11th.
The Newington Police Department say they are searching for a male that was able to escape from police shortly after he and woman left the store at 175 Lowrey Place taking $190 worth of beer. Police responded around 2:05 p.m. that day to a report of a shoplifting in progress. An employee of Best Market saw a man and woman exiting the store without paying for the beer. The female, who has been identified as Sandra Weeks was arrested without incident on the scene and taken into custody. The male, who took off in a green Honda Civic before police arrived on scene, is described as a white man with facial hair wearing a black hat and a black hooded sweatshirt.
A backup officer who responded to the area witnessed the suspect vehicle traveling east on East Cedar St, according to police. The officer initiated a traffic stop of the car just over the Wethersfield town line on Wells Rd. When the officer approached the vehicle, he saw the driver reaching for a handgun on the dashboard, police say. A struggle ensued, and the operator took off east on Wells Rd at a high rate of speed and the officer was dragged alongside the suspect vehicle for about 150 yards. The officer was able to free himself, only sustaining minor injuries.
The male suspect remains at large, however the vehicle has since been recovered.
Weeks was charged with larceny sixth-degree, and was released on a $5,000 non-surety bond. She is expected in court on Feb. 27th.
Newington Police have released surveillance photos in an attempt to help locate the male suspect. Police continue to investigate the case.
You've just given birth to the most perfect little human. You name him after your father, and his father before him. On the birth certificate, you spell it just like it's always been spelled, with an accent mark over the i. Then Gisela Sanchez comes along.
“I see the accent mark and the first thing I do is tell them everything looks good except the accent mark and I'm really sorry I can't use that,” Sanchez said.
Sanchez is a birth recorder at St. Luke's California Pacific Medical Center in San Francisco. She helps parents with their baby's birth certificates. But not every name will do. California has rules. Accent marks, tildes, umlauts, and cedillas are not allowed.
“Last name Hernandez, accent mark, which we unfortunately couldn't use. We've got another couple here from Russia. They wanted to name their baby, Enéas, and I pronounce it Enéas simply because the accent mark is there, but unfortunately I can't use that either,” explained Sanchez.
This affects a lot of Spanish names, as well as German, French, Polish, Estonian, Russian, Turkish, and more. An accent mark might seem like a small detail. But it tells you how to say a name right. Sanchez says that for some parents, it represents something more important.
“It's removing their culture, who they are. You know, my son's name is Julían, not Julian,” she said.
Accent marks are missing all over the Bay Area. Many neighborhoods and streets are named after Spanish explorers. Some of those names once had accent marks. But now, without them, we don't know if we're saying them right. Listen to the different ways these residents pronounce the name of their neighborhood in San Francisco.
“The Portola,” said one person who placed the stress on the POR. “I call it Portola district,” said another, who placed the stress on the TO. “Portola,” said another who stressed the POR. “The Portola district,” said another woman who stressed the TO.
This name once had an accent mark. Once it disappeared, the original pronunciation went with it. And so did its history.
“I guess that's the traditional Italian name?” suggested one resident. “Um, Portola, what's his, I forget his first name?” wondered another. “I didn't know it was named after a person?” mused another resident.
“The people in the 1920s that came to this neighborhood pronounced it Portola,” said Rayna Garibaldi, putting the stress on the POR.
Garibaldi is a San Francisco native, born and raised here. You know the slim history book with the old photo on the cover that you see in a lot of neighborhoods? She wrote it and it's called, San Francisco's Portola.
According to the book, immigrants from Italy and Malta and Jews from Europe settled here in the 1920s. Their pronunciation, Portola, with the stress on the POR, caught on. That's what Garibaldi grew up with. She says that in her lifetime she's seen the neighborhood change. That pronunciation is now fading away.
“Now people who come here new from other parts of the city or other countries say Portola,” with stress on the TO, she said.
Garibaldi is talking about people like me. I stress the TO in Portola. That's how I've always heard it pronounced. But after talking to Garibaldi, I started to wonder about Portola and how it should be pronounced. To find out, we need to look into our California history.
Don Gaspar de Portola was a Spanish explorer. Historians believe he discovered the San Francisco Bay in the 1700s. He was also the first Governor of Spanish-ruled California, before it was a state. After the miners struck gold and San Francisco rapidly grew, most people living here didn't know about Portola. And those that did, forgot about him.
“This piece of California history was a little bit obscure. The back pages in the history books, so to speak,” explained local historian John Freeman.
Freeman said that in 1909, San Francisco quickly rebuilt itself after the big earthquake and fires. It wanted to throw a 5-day carnival to relaunch the city as a destination for business and tourism.
“They were searching around for a theme, a set of colors, and something to hang their festival on,” he said. They settled on the 140th anniversary of Portola's discovery of the San Francisco Bay and called it the Portola Festival.
Suddenly, San Francisco was enamored with Portola. In postcards advertising the event, he looked rugged, with wavy hair spilling out from under a plumed hat, a sash over his shoulder and a long sword by his side. But as talk of the festival spread, a vexing question emerged. According to Freeman, the chair of the festival committee was giving a speech when he pronounced Portola three different ways.
“One of the principals of this particular meeting says, `excuse me sir, how do we pronounce the name?'” Freeman said, “`We need to officially decide how we should pronounce the name.'”
The organizers began an extensive search for Portola's signature. Dispatches were sent to Spain and Mexico. They wanted to know if, and where, he put the accent mark in his name, so they could pronounce it right. In the meantime, how to say Portola went viral, in a 1909 way. Letters poured into the The San Francisco Call. One of them suggested that the pronunciation be decided by a game of dice. Another newspaper joked that it should be pronounced “Porthole.” Then there was the verse, like this excerpt from Lost Accent, published in the San Francisco Chronicle:
For my nerves were racked to pieces and I felt an awful jar When I heard the Mispronouncer Say my name was Portola.
Oh, but there was more. Like this selection from What's In a Name?
We'll sing his blows ‘gainst craven foes, His parry, thrust and sortie; And when we come to speak his name, Oh, well — let's call him Porty!
Only days before the festival was to officially open, a Stanford academic discovered a cache of Portola's letters in Mexico City. He said, I have looked at the documents, there is an accent on the end of his name, it should be pronounced Portolà.
Finally, how he would have pronounced it. The long, lost accent! Portolahhh. But just as quickly as it was discovered, it was gone. Newspapers couldn't print the accent mark.
“You would sometimes see it accented. A lot of it had to do with the printer and the type of font they were using. Having a font with the "a" accented was a rarity in anybody's print box,” said Freeman.
In a short time, the correct pronunciation of Portolà disappeared. Today, in the Bay Area, there's no accent mark on any of the signs that bear his name. Not on neighborhoods, streets, schools or even the city named after him, Portola Valley.
Today's young explorers can speak their names into voice recorders. But unlike Portolà, they will never have official papers to show where their accent marks should be. So, if we can learn anything from Portolà, it's to put your accent mark wherever you can. You just don't know if you'll wind up in the history books.
A note on the accent on Portolà: Gaspar de Portolà was Catalan, so we are using the Catalan closed accent, not the Spanish accent grave.
Social Media Threat Prompts Added Security at Schools
LEXINGTON, SC (WOLO)- Lexington Police are increasing their presence at schools after a threat was made on social media.
Officers say they are investigating a threat made to Lexington Middle School via Snapchat. The department tweeted Tuesday, that they officer will be at all Lexington one schools within the town of Lexington.
As the SnapChat threat to @LexingtonMiddle investigation continues, Chief Green has directed officers to be at all @LexingtonOne within the @TownLexingtonSC. Online threats are taken seriously and LPD is working with @LCSD_News and S.L.E.D. to bring this case to a conclusion. pic.twitter.com/snbOmlg054 — Lexington Police(SC) (@LexingtonPD) April 24, 2018
Police are working with the Lexington County Sheriff's Department and SLED to “bring this case to a conclusion.”
WATFORD, Ont. — Ontario NDP Leader Andrea Horwath had an unexpected campaign stop during her swing through southwestern Ontario on Wednesday — a campaign bus breakdown.
Horwath's bus, dubbed the "Proletariat Chariot" by media riding on it for the campaign, experienced mechanical problems on Highway 402 near Watford, Ont.
The bus pulled over safely after a burning smell started to enter the cabin.
A faulty fanbelt was believed to be the problem.
But over the weekend, prominent Conservative MPs vying for the party's leadership say they've been convinced to vote against the bill.
The motion, introduced by Liberal Mississauga–Erin Mills MP Iqra Khalid, would in no way change Canadian hate crime laws, nor does it call for further limiting Canadians' Charter-guaranteed right to freedom of expression.
It further asks the Common's heritage committee to examine the issues of racism and religious discrimination, including Islamaphobia, and to collect more data on hate crimes in Canada.
The motion, scheduled to be debated in Parliament on Wednesday, asks MPs to recognize the need to “quell the increasing public climate of hate and fear” against Muslims and condemn “all forms of systemic racism and religious discrimination.”
OTTAWA—A push to condemn Islamaphobia in the House of Commons has created a wedge in the Conservative leadership race, driven by far-right blogs claiming it's an attack on freedom of expression.
Bernier connected the motion to “blasphemy” and “Sharia” law, concerns that have no connection to the text of the motion, but mirror opposition on far-right blogs and from anonymous social media users.
“Given the international situation, and the fact that jihadi terrorism is today the most important threat to our security, I think this is a serious concern we have to take into account.”
“Is this motion a first step towards restricting our right to criticize Islam?” wrote Maxime Bernier , one of the race's leading candidates, over the weekend.
Amira Elghawaby, a spokesperson for the National Council of Canadian Muslims, said it's “unclear” how studying Islamophobia and other forms of religious discrimination would limit freedom of speech.
“It's undeniable, when you've just had six people gunned down in a place of worship, it's undeniable that there is Islamophobia in Canada,” Elghawaby told the Star on Tuesday.
“Even prior to that attack in Quebec City, we have been documenting rising hate crimes targeting Muslims in this country … To study these issues, again, is not at all to limit anybody's freedom.”
“I think it's a red herring.”
Khalid's motion was introduced in December, more than a month before 27-year old Alexandre Bissonette allegedly stormed a Quebec City mosque and murdered six Muslim men at their evening prayers.
Michael Chong, another candidate for Conservative leadership, said that in light of that attack, it's proper for parliamentarians to study anti-Muslim prejudice and discrimination.
Against the argument that the motion would grant “special privileges” to Canadian Muslims, Chong noted that the House of Commons has only last year condemned political campaigns against Israel and the genocide of Yazidis in Iraq and Syria.
“In denouncing Islamophobia, the motion is simply denouncing discrimination and prejudice against Muslims and people of the Islamic faith,” Chong wrote in a statement. “Nothing more or less. Motion 103 will not prevent anyone from criticizing Islam or radical Islamic terrorists.”
Chong added that he would repeal section 319 of the Criminal Code, which governs hate speech, saying he believes the best way to combat hate speech is through more free speech.
Richard Moon, a University of Windsor law professor specializing in freedom of expression and freedom of religion issues, said that he can't see how Khalid's motion would limit Canadians' right to criticize Islam.
Moon said it's becoming easier to recognize the connection between hateful speech against a group and violence directed at that group.
“One of the mistakes about how we think about hate speech law is very often we think about the spread of hatred leading to widespread, socially established, politically and legally-enforced oppression and violence,” Moon said in an interview.
“Whereas maybe what we should be thinking about, as often, are appeals to fringe groups. Speech that happens online on sites where people go (and get) reinforced and more emboldened to take action.”
Howard Anglin, a former deputy chief of staff to Stephen Harper, told the Star Monday he believes concerns of the impact this motion will have on freedom of speech may be “conflated” with other issues at the provincial or even corporate level.
Anglin pointed to the case of Jordan Peterson, a University of Toronto professor who is refusing to use non-binary pronouns (i.e. respecting a student's wish not to be called “he” or “she”).
“I'm somewhat sympathetic … It is confusing, if you're not a lawyer and you haven't spent time actually studying the issue closely,” Anglin said.
“I think there is a lot of general concern about political correctness, for want of a better term. Political correctness, limiting what is considered to be acceptable speech or acceptable views just generally. So any law, bill, motion, human rights act, whatever, that seems to be in line with that, even if it doesn't have teeth that will actually enforce that law, I think is seen as part of the overall threat.”
“I'm sympathetic probably to people who see it all as part of a multi-dimensional attempt to restrict what are ‘acceptable' and ‘mainstream' views and speech. So I think to that extent, there's a legitimate free speech issue that sort of emanates from these, but it is individually none of these (efforts) may pose the grave threat that their critics are concerned about.”
The Star requested an interview with Khalid, Bernier, and Scheer on Tuesday. Khalid's office did not return multiple interview requests. Representatives for the Bernier and Scheer campaigns said their statements from the weekend stand.
× Missing journalist not found in sunken submarine; builder she was interviewing changes story
DENMARK – There are far more questions than answers in the disappearance of journalist Kim Wall, who hasn't been heard from since she boarded Peter Madsen's now-sunken submarine Thursday night on Denmark's Refshaleoen island.
The sub has since been raised, and Wall's body wasn't in it. Madsen isn't contesting a court decision to keep him in custody for up to 24 days as Danish police investigate, and while he has been charged with killing Wall by unknown means, his lawyer has denied he had anything to do with her vanishing.
The Local quotes a Sunday press conference with the Copenhagen Police deputy chief inspector, who said Madsen's story has changed, from initially telling officials he dropped Wall off at 10:30pm Thursday night on the island to another unspecified explanation since.
The Guardian reports Madsen says they spent about three hours on his Nautilus sub, the largest privately made one in the world at the time of its 2008 launch; the Swedish journalist, who divides her time between New York and Beijing, was doing a profile on Madsen.
The Local also picks up a report from a Swedish tabloid that cites a witness who said Madsen's sub was seen sailing without its lights on some two hours before Wall's partner reported the vessel as missing around 2:30am Friday.
“There was very nearly a collision” between the sub and a freighter, per the witness. The Washington Post describes Wall as accomplished—the London School of Economics and Columbia University grad wrote for the New York Times, Guardian, and Atlantic, among others—and recounts her travels to Pyongyang, Sri Lanka, and the Marshall Islands for stories.
Journalist Kim Wall remains missing: "Denmark should not be considered a dangerous assignment for journalists." https://t.co/GO8bBuK5RP — CPJ (@pressfreedom) August 12, 2017
This article originally appeared on Newser: She Vanished After Boarding His Sub. Now, His Story Changes
More From Newser:
If anyone has the phone number for Lucasfilm, you might want to point them in the direction of an informal study that says female-focused Star Wars films do best in the box office. According to IndieWire, the three canon films with the most screen time for women — The Last Jedi, The Force Awakens, and Rogue One, in that order — also happen to be the franchise's highest-grossing features. (As a side note, Solo: A Star Wars Story wasn't included as a data point, because its May 24 release was so recent; this kind of data analysis is impossible until the film is available for purchase.)
This analysis was undertaken by Scottish author, film lecturer, and feminist Becca Harrison, seemingly working on her own project. Harrison explained her methodology in full in a separate post — an explanation which is necessary because of tricky situations like female droids — but the basics are pretty simple. "I have FINALLY ranked all of #StarWars based on screen time for women," Harrison tweeted to her followers on May 28, continuing, "This is now canon. Don't @ me." And what follows are a list of all nine canon films (minus Solo) and the percentage of total screen time taken up by women in each, topped by 2018's The Last Jedi at 43 percent, and ending with 1977's A New Hope, at just 15 percent.
First of all, it's wild that all but one of the franchise's films are still double digits away from equal representation, and that even the most lady-centric of all of the offerings doesn't quite achieve true balance. But as IndieWire pointed out, the most compelling evidence suggesting the scales might be tipping is right there on the bottom line.
According to Box Office Mojo, 2015's The Force Awakens is the highest grossing Star Wars feature of all time. Breaking the lone female hero trope, it not only starred Daisy Ridley as Rey, but also featured the late Carrie Fisher as long-beloved Leia Organa, as well as Gwendoline Christie as Captain Phasma and Lupita Nyong'o as Maz Kanata, and raked in close to $1 billion in gross. Just behind it are 2017's The Last Jedi, starring Ridley, Fisher, and Christie again, as well as Kelly Marie Tran as Rose Tico and Laura Dern as Admiral Holdo, and earning $620 million. And finally, 2016's Rogue One, which starred Felicity Jones as Jyn Erso and brought in a cool $532 million, filling out the list of top-earners with the third film from Harrison's list.
And while it may not be an official study, the link between box-office earning and female representation has long been proven, so this correlation is unlikely to be a coincidence. In 2015, Arts.Mic took a look at the top 25 films for the years between 2006 and 2015, and discovered that stories about women outperformed stories about men by an average of $45.5 million. A more recent, soon-to-be-published study, performed by actor Geena Davis' Institute on Gender in Media, found that of the top 100 films from 2017, those starring a woman made 38 percent more at the box office than projects with a male lead. And according to Davis, that number is only going up, as she shared in a May 11 conversation with IndieWire's Girl Talk:
"It's been higher for all of the years that we've studied it [since 2015], but now 2017 is just astronomically higher. We researched the same thing for diversity and found that films with more diversity in the cast make more money. It obviously makes sense, our country is just 51% female and 38% people of color, so what's the deal?"
What she probably means is — why isn't this being addressed more urgently? And that's the age-old question, not just for gender issues, but for all types of diversity. Hopefully, now that representation has been proven to be an issue not just of equality, but of finances as well, it will be the push in the right direction that the Star Wars franchise needs.
It's a road they already seem to be traveling down, as the most female-centric of the studio's films are also its most recent, but as is the case everywhere else, there's still a long way to go.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Earlier this year, the News revealed that the average house price in the city stands at £501,572 - which is seventeen times the average salary in Cambridge. With prices this astronomical, It's easy to be tempted to leave the city for good and move somewhere more affordable.
But did you know that there are luxury homes waiting for you abroad? Not just any old properties either: these are islands which you can own for yourself, all of which are significantly cheaper than the average price of a home in the city. Here is our pick of the top five best secluded island locations all over the world - some of which are over £200,000 cheaper than the average Cambridge property.
Parque Volcánico, Lanzarote: £361,002
Ever fancied living on a volcano? Because this stunning, 197 acre plots of volcanic land in Lanzarote's National Park is one of the planet's most picturesque locations.
Boasting what is regarded as one of the world's best climate locations, this island has three separate sandy beaches, as well as a plethora of stunning volcanic landscapes. If you have an entrepreneurial spirit, then this land is ideal for a campsite- it offers a classy twist to the usual Spanish holiday location, without compromising on the sun or the sand. Find out more here.
Kalskär Island, Finland: £311,364
If you fancy a secluded home a step further away from the sun, then ditch the Canary Islands for this charming Nordic location, just off the south-west coast of Finland.
The island has natural features including steep shores (making it perfect for boats), as well as a sandy beach with shallow water, which may be the perfect play area for younger children. The most impressive feature, however, is the log cabin: it contains a fitted kitchen, a charming terrace overlooking the beautiful scenery and its very own sauna! Click here for more information.
Ball's Island, New York State, USA: £365,227
Located three hours north of Manhattan, Ball's Island is the perfect retreat from the hustle and bustle of everyday life, inviting you to take a step back in time to simpler days.
Comprising seven acres of private land so beautiful it has featured in National Geographic, this river island features a home constructed in the 1930's - yet updated to feature all mod cons of everyday life. Surrounded by the Susquehanna River, a sunny meadow and an ancient forest, life on this island will feel magical every single day. More information can be found here.
Mountain Pine Ridge Waterfall, Belize: £268,346
A whopping £233,000 cheaper than the average home in Cambridge, this rainforest locale in the Central Americas is a hidden treasure waiting to be discovered.
Clocking in at 50 acres, this plot of land doesn't just contain a waterfall: there are beautiful views of the Maya mountains and 1,000 feet of frontage from Privasson and Little Vaqueros creek. The property is also adjacent to wildlife sanctuaries and holiday resorts, while you'll even have a famous neighbour, as film director Francis Ford Coppola (The Godfather trilogy, Apocalypse Now) lives just two miles away. Want to know more? Then click here.
Motu Karatae, French Polynesia: £377,512
In our opinion, we've definitely saved the best for last, as this tropical island in the Pacific Ocean looks like something you'd see on the cover of a holiday brochure. It's hard to believe it's roughly £124,000 cheaper than the average Cambridge home.
This 24 acre island will offer peace of mind due to its serene location - but more importantly, it will offer plenty of sun, with plenty of coconut trees offering shelter. When you dream of an island paradise, Motu Karatae is exactly what you imagine. Click here to find out more.
You can keep up to date with all the latest news in and around Cambridge by downloading our free app. It is available for the iPhone and iPad from Apple's App Store, or the Android version can be downloaded from Google Play.
Russian Journalist Weighs In On Country's #MeToo Movement In Russia, a small number of women have spoken out publicly against powerful men who they say have sexually harassed them. Journalist Daria Zhuk is one of them. She says a powerful politician sexually harassed her in 2014 and that Russian women can learn from the #MeToo movement in America.
Today's Forecast
Tuesday will deliver mostly sunny skies, but it will be windy. That wind will blow in another round of cold air, bringing lows down into the 20's by Wednesday morning.
Pedestrians will have an easier and safer experience walking to Gulf Beach from the north, once the city completes planned sidewalk improvements along Gulf Street.
City Engineer Greg Pidluski told the Planning and Zoning Board at its April 4 meeting that the city plans improvements along Gulf Street, including milling and paving the road, and installing a new sidewalk just above Gulf Pond.
Pidluski said the current sidewalk is right along the travelway. The new sidewalk will be installed closer to Gulf Pond in the form of a boardwalk “to enhance pedestrian safety in that area.”
The board voted unanimously to recommend the city enter into an easement agreement with a Gulf Street property owner for the project. The P&Z vote was a procedural process known as an 8-24 approval, in which the zoning board provides guidance to the aldermen on matters related to city-owned property. The proposal now moves to the aldermen for a final vote and acceptance of the proposal.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The Christmas period might be the busiest period in the football calendar, but that doesn't mean the players are limited to action on the pitch.
It's party season and the Bristol City squad made sure to go all out as they celebrated the festivities in style.
There wasn't a head in place, as the fancy dress factor reached a new level of ridiculousness, ranging from frontier figures such as Jon Snow and Ali G all the way to Apu from The Simpsons.
Then of course the social media posts began to flood in.
Lightning loan winger Jonathan Leko and youth prospects Lloyd Kelly and Zak Vyner banded together to form the Teletubbies.
Jamie Paterson and Matty Taylor carried on their comic duet, swapping shirts for sweatbands, as they donned the iconic 118 jerseys, although it might not be the wisest option to give them a call.
There was also a Star Wars select amongst the squad whilst Bobby Reid dressed up as Mario Kart twin Luigi.
But the star attraction of Saturday night was goalkeeper Frank Fielding, taking centre stage as he dressed in a full-body suit of Simpsons character Apu, no guesses for who won all the costume awards.
The group photo showed the players in high spirits off the back of their 2-1 triumph away at Sheffield United on Friday.
Some people who volunteered as traffic wardens at the old East Legon tunnel in the Greater Accra Region have appealed to the government to employ them after the newly constructed tunnel was opened to traffic.
The traffic wardens who say they have been ensuring smooth traffic at the place since 1996, argue that they will be jobless and without any source of livelihood since they depend on the monies they receive from benevolent drivers who plied the stretch.
READ ALSO: Powerful people are threatening me to shut up – Aning
“We are thanking our cheerful ones for helping us. Thanks to Ghana Police Service for allowing us to work with them. We are now informing you that any moment from now, we will not stand under the tunnel to direct the traffic again. We plead with the citizens and government to come to our aid,” the wardens stated on a signpost to thank those who supported them financially over the years.
Road users who plied the old East Legon tunnel often complained about the massive gridlock during rush hour as well as the delay in completion of the new tunnel.
The new tunnel was opened to traffic on Monday [April 23, 2018].
The Public Relations Officer (PRO) of the Ghana Highway Authority, Diana Seade told Accra-based Citi FM that the tunnel was opened so that the works can be completed on other parts of the road.
READ ALSO: Lawyer convicted for fraud
“This is just temporary and it is a diversion to enable work on the left turn at the East Legon junction to go on. It has not been officially opened.”
Despite stating that the opening of the tunnel was temporary, she hinted that the tunnel might remain in use to aid the flow of traffic until it is officially commissioned.
A surge in full-time work fuelled a 10th-straight month of net job gains to match the economy's longest monthly streak since the financial crisis nine years ago, Statistics Canada said Friday.
September's unemployment rate stayed at a nine-year low of 6.2 per cent after country added 10,000 net new jobs, including 112,000 full-time positions.
The rise in full-time work more than offset a drop of 102,000 part-time jobs, however, last month's job gains were entirely driven by growth in public-sector employment.
The September figures also showed yet another improvement in the important indicator of wage growth. Compared to the year before, the report said average hourly wages grew at the above-inflation pace of 2.2 per cent, for the biggest increase since April 2016.
READ MORE: Sears Canada seeks court approval to close more B.C. stores
READ MORE: Economist, union president named to Fair Wages Commission
The numbers show the employment increase was also concentrated in factory work as the goods-producing sector added 10,500 jobs, compared to a loss of 500 positions in the services industry.
The survey detected a gain of 10,800 paid employee jobs, while the number of people who described themselves as self-employed, including unpaid workers in family businesses, fell by 800.
Statistics Canada said Ontario gained 34,700 jobs in September for its fourth monthly increase in five months and, compared to a year earlier, the province's employment was 2.4 per cent higher. Manitoba shed 5,500 positions for its first notable decline since April 2016, the report said.
Overall, the national numbers show that Canada's year-over-year employment expanded 1.8 per cent with the addition of 319,700 net new jobs, of which more than 90 per cent were full-time positions.
The run of 10-consecutive months of job creation marked the country's longest streak of total employment gains since February 2008.
Andy Blatchford, The Canadian Press
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter.
© Shutterstock
Sure, New York City parents still worry about their teens having sex, drinking and smoking — but the kids are far more interested in smartphones and video games like Pokémon and Grand Theft Auto, a new survey has found.Nearly half of city teens — 45.6 percent — spend at least three hours a day playing their computer or video games, according to the 2015 biennial Youth Risk Behavior Survey conducted by the federal Centers for Disease Control and Prevention.That's up from 41.7 percent in 2013 and 28.1 percent in 2005.At the same time, more city teens are just saying no to sex, booze and tobacco.The rate in the city is a significant 14 points lower than the national average of 41.2 percent.Only 20.9 percent of city kids said they had drunk alcohol in the prior 30 days, down from 24.7 percent in 2013 and 41.8 percent in 2001.The tobacco smoking rate also dropped from 8.2 percent in 2013 to 5.8 percent in 2015, a continuation of a downward trend.But one in six New York City teens — 15.9 percent — are now using nicotine-laced vaporized products, such as e-cigarettes.City health officials noted that given the ease of access to the internet and availability of mobile devices, it's not surprising that teens are spending more time playing video games.Officials are concerned that hours of sedentary game-playing comes at the expense of healthy exercise.Meanwhile, city policies banning or discouraging smoking have helped drive down the teen smoking rate, officials said."The decline in tobacco smoking among city teens in recent years is significant and can be largely attributed to comprehensive tobacco-control measures implemented, such as restricting access and increasing prices of tobacco," the Health Department said in a statement.
The Carver Lady Tigers basketball team has earned being Athletes Of The Week as they recently beat Shaw High School 70-35! Some leaders of that game were Janya Love-Hill, Olivia Cochran, Jailyn Shaw, and Mariah Igus. Saying that they are a strong team would be an understatement.
Last year, they went to state, but lost by only one point. This season, they are aiming to to go back to state and win it. They are currently undefeated, so if they keep up their hard work and stay consistent, they can win the state championship.
For their next region game, they just beat Northside 82-27!
Texas woman convicted of voter fraud says she voted Republican
The Pastor at Babe's Chicken Dinner House
Zuzu Verk's life celebrated in slideshow at memorial service
Salsa Limon moved to new home
11:30
COLUMBUS, Ohio, July 3, 2018 (SEND2PRESS NEWSWIRE) — International recovery coach Lauren Casey, PhD, has sold her memoir, “Breaking the Chains: Drugs, Millionaires and the Prisoner Who Set Me Free,” to addiction recovery imprint Zephyr Bookshelf. Zephyr will be releasing the book in spring of 2019.
Dr. Casey's memoir is a shattering reflection of a life punctuated by drugs, jetting around the globe with millionaires, champagne, detox, rehab and an unlikely connection that ultimately saved her.
A deceptively complex story, Casey's book manages to be tragic, honest and inspiring, revealing as much about Casey as it does about the genuine hope that exists for everyone.
“I am deeply honored and humbled to be able to share my story,” says Dr. Casey, adding, “I learned a long time ago that it's really not about me – it's about instilling hope for others.”
Zephyr acquired the memoir via All the Write Moves, New York Times bestselling author Anna David's coaching program for writers, which walks 10 students at a time through the process of writing and selling their book proposals. Last month, Fuhr acquired a book from the previous group of students – “Taming the Wild Things in My Head” by David Griggs (to be released in late 2018).
To learn more about Dr. Lauren Casey, visit: http://laurencasey.com/
To learn more about the All the Write Moves coaching program, visit: http://www.allthewritemoves.net/
About Lauren Casey:
Over the past 20 years Dr. Lauren Casey has worked professionally with several regional, national and international organizations committed to the reduction of health inequalities in society. She has developed programs and services for incarcerated women and has delivered workshops to women and youth at a variety of detention centers and federal and state prisons throughout California. She was also an invited guest speaker at the University of California Los Angeles (UCLA), the American Society of Criminology and the Academic Health Policy Conference on Correctional Health held in Boston, Mass.
About All the Write Moves:
A six-month book proposal coaching program for 10 writers that includes personal writing coaches, videos, sample book proposals, webinars and the opportunity to meet with agent Alexis Hurley of Inkwell Management and Zephyr Bookshelf publisher Paul Fuhr.
Zephyr Bookshelf information: https://www.zephyrbookshelf.com/
News Source: Zephyr Bookshelf
To view the original post, visit: https://www.send2press.com/wire/international-recovery-coach-dr-lauren-casey-sells-memoir-about-her-journey-from-a-life-of-champagne-cocaine-and-millionaires-to-falling-in-love-with-a-prisoner/.
This press release was issued by Send2Press® Newswire on behalf of the news source, who is solely responsible for its accuracy. www.send2press.com.
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
Jamie Bartoo, the daughter of convicted killer Hugo Selenski, faces assault charges following a domestic altercation with her fiance Tuesday night in Edwardsville.
Prior to the altercation, Bartoo, 25, had been drinking with a woman who is both her cousin and the estranged wife of the man Selenski was convicted of killing, according to an affidavit filed by Edwardsville police.
According to the affidavit, officers responded to a reported physical domestic dispute at a Bunny Lane residence at about 8 p.m. Tuesday. They found Bartoo and Jeffrey Tyler yelling in the middle of the road. Tyler had visible injuries to his neck, chest and arm, according to police.
Tyler told officers that Bartoo started to yell at him when she came home Tuesday after drinking with a woman named Kim Kerkowski — who was once married to Michael Kerkow­ski, a man Bartoo's father, Selenski, killed in 2002. Selenski is serving life in prison at State Correctional Institution Pine Grove.
According to testimony at Selenski's murder trial in 2015, Bartoo's mother and Kim Kerkowski are cousins.
According to Tyler, the argument intensified after Bartoo picked up a child, and Tyler took the child away from her for safety reasons. Tyler said Bartoo attacked and scratched him, the affidavit states.
Tyler, 29, told officers he wanted to pursue charges against Bartoo. On Wednesday, he filed for a protection-from-abuse order against her in Luzerne County court.
According to their Facebook pages, Bartoo and Tyler are engaged.
Bartoo was charged with misdemeanor counts of simple assault and disorderly conduct, and summary counts of harassment and public drunkenness.
She was arraigned Wednesday morning and released on $5,000 unsecured bail.
A preliminary hearing is scheduled for June 13 at Luzerne County Central Court.
NICO ROSSI, staff writer, contributed to this report.
Contact the writer:
emark@citizensvoice.com
570-821-2117
Washington Quad Alliance Targets China Author: F. William Engdahl – Journal-NEO
The pressure is escalating against the development of China as a global factor. At the same time the Pentagon released its 2018 US National Security Strategy paper explicitly targeting Russia and China as prime USA strategic threat overshadowing that from international terrorism, India, a member of a new alliance fostered recently by Washington to target China, hosted the third international Raisina Dialogue conference. The primary theme was China as “disruptor” power in the world and what to do about that.
The true nature of the three-day meeting in New Delhi was obscured in press accounts but research revealed an extraordinary coming together of forces and interests opposed to China's game-altering Belt, Road Initiative—the new Economic Silk Road Initiative. Most notable was the fact that Indian Prime Minister Narenda Modi, keynote speaker at the Raisina Dialogue in 2017 this year gave the center stage to his “good friend” Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu. It was not to foster peaceful development across Asia.
The theme of the Raisina Dialogue, sponsored by the Indian Ministry of External Affairs and Observer Research Foundation (ORF), a leading Indian geopolitical think tank, was ‘Managing Disruptive Transitions.' The number one “disruptive transition” they discussed was China and China's Belt, Road Initiative (BRI), sometimes called the new Economic Silk Road.
Admiral Sunil Lanba, the Indian Navy's chief of staff, warned the gathering of expanding China naval bases in Africa and in Sri Lanka. Speakers expressed the view that the China massive infrastructure project across Asia and Eurasia was “trampling on countries' economies, institutions and security.”
Most notable is who was attending the major New Delhi talks. Among others in addition to Netanyahu was Carl Bildt, former Swedish Foreign Minister and adviser to Ukraine oligarch president Poroshenko who also sits on the board of George Soros' European Council on Foreign Relations. Hamad Karzai, Washington's choice as President of Afghanistan was present as was former Canada PM Stephen Harper, who has been called a Canadian neo-conservative, close to Netanyahu policies and openly Russia-phobic.
The Quad Takes Aim at China
NATO was there at a very high level with Admiral Harry Harris, Commander, US Pacific Command, and UK General Chris Deverell, the Joint Forces Commander. Indicating the underlying nature of the Raisina gathering, the navy chiefs from the four “Quad” countries – Japan, Australia, India and the US – the four countries that Washington is bringing together to counter China's Belt, Road, were in full force. As well there was retired US general David Petraeus, the former CIA Director, and architect of the Iraq US military operations that gave rise to Al Qaeda in Iraq as well as the US military debacle in Afghanistan.
Alarming were the remarks of Israeli Prime Minister Netanyahu who called for an alliance of Israel, India and what he called an “alliance of democracies” (sic) to “strengthen our relationships as our way of life is being challenged by radical Islam.” The focus on “radical Islam” was code for the India concern that Islamic Pakistan is a cooperation partner with China in the China-India Economic Corridor of the BRI.
The real substance of the New Delhi gathering was to congeal a strategy of containment of China using a new coalition of four states—Japan, India, Australia and the United States. In November, 2017 during the visit of the US President in a Manila summit, the four agreed to closely coordinate measures to contain China. These four announced they had formed a coalition to patrol the disputed East and South China Seas where China is making territorial claims. The US has even changed the designation of the region from Asia-Pacific to Indo-Pacific to focus on the role of India. The New Delhi talks were a direct consequence of the new Quad strategy as is the new Pentagon Defense Strategy 2018 which explicitly targets China along with Russia as guilty of disturbing Washington's “rules based order” with what the Pentagon calls China's “predatory economics” along its Belt, Road Initiative.
Admiral Harry Harris Jr, Commander of US Pacific Command, spoke during the Raisina talks in clear words about China: “The reality is that China is a disruptive transitional force in the Indo-Pacific, they are the owner of the trust deficit in the region.” Vice Admiral Tim Barrett, Chief of Navy, Australia called for concrete actions against the Chinese naval presence in the South China Sea while Admiral Sunil Lanba, India's Chief of Naval Staff, said “The Chinese already have a naval base in Djibouti and we're aware of their base in Hambantota. So this is going to be the pattern for the near future in the Indian Ocean.”
Former US Ambassador to Iraq and to Afghanistan, neo-con ideologue Zalmay Khalilzad attacked China's Belt,Road Initiative claiming that by connecting all of Eurasia it would “change the international order.” Admiral Katsutoshi Kawano, Chief of Staff of the Japan Joint Staff, said Beijing is changing the status quo in the Pacific and the Indian Ocean, and it is important for countries in the area to close ranks against it, claiming that China's Belt and Road initiative aims at military expansion.
As the New Delhi conference was ongoing tensions between India and Pakistan over China's China-Pakistan Economic Corridor, a $50 billion infrastructure corridor of the China BRI, which passes through Pakistan's section of Jammu and Kashmir, Pakistan's only land link to China, escalated. China is offering to meet with India to discuss differences, while India accuses Pakistan of illegal border violations along the un-demarcated Line of Control across the mountains of Jammu and Kashmir. Indian chief of Army, Bipin Rawat has announced that Indian troops have begun targeting Pakistani border posts, and refused Pakistani requests for negotiations over the escalation.
Washington can quietly stay in the background, encouraging escalation of tensions between its Quad allies and China's Silk Road or BRI. The escalation of tensions in Pakistan, in Afghanistan and in Myanmar all beat the pawprints of Washington dirty tricks. The losers in such an escalation will be all of Asia, not merely China.
F. William Engdahl is strategic risk consultant and lecturer, he holds a degree in politics from Princeton University and is a best-selling author on oil and geopolitics, exclusively for the online magazine “New Eastern Outlook.”
Sharing is caring!
Oracle Team USA celebrate completion of new America's Cup Class boat
Oracle Team USA celebrate completion of new America's Cup Class boat Oracle Team USA media Oracle Team USA celebrate completion of new America's Cup Class boat Oracle Team USA media
by Oracle Team USA today at 3:44 am“This is the boat we're racing to win the America's Cup,” said skipper Jimmy Spithill, addressing a crowd of family, friends, team partners and dignitaries.The new America's Cup Class boats are foiling, wingsailed catamarans, 15 meters in length and capable of reaching highway speeds approaching 100 km/h. In addition they are extremely maneuverable, making them ideal match racing platforms.“We need to get this boat out on the water and put the hours in getting it ready to race,' Spithill said. 'The long days will continue.'
This week, “17” will be launched and testing and development begins in earnest and won't stop until the final race of the America's Cup.
“Many of the major design decisions have been made and have been built in already to what you see tonight,” said Scott Ferguson, the design coordinator for Oracle Team USA.
“But the refinement and optimization process never stops. We know there is still speed to be found between now and May 26 when racing begins in the Louis Vuitton America's Cup Qualifiers and that's our focus for the coming weeks.”
Over 15 designers and 50 boat-builders have contributed to the design and build of “17”, with more than 85,000 man-hours accumulated to date. Team partners like Airbus, BMW, Parker and Yanmar have provided technical expertise and support.
“This is a major milestone in our campaign to win the America's Cup for a third time,” said Grant Simmer, the chief operating officer of Oracle Team USA.
“These boats are highly-engineered, with complex systems, and built to perform under extreme conditions. It's a great achievement by our designers, builders and engineers to get us to this point where the race yacht gets handed over to the sailors.”
With his 14-strong sailing team on the podium beside him, and flanked by the America's Cup trophy, skipper Spithill invited the guests to get a look at the yacht that will carry the aspirations of the team to win the prestigious trophy for the USA for a third consecutive time.
“I'm really proud of this team and what we've achieved so far,” he said. 'I'd like to thank the design team, the engineering team, the shore support, and our full boat-building team, including the guys who couldn't be here.
'They've made an incredible racing machine.'
If you want to link to this article then please use this URL: www.sail-world.com/151771
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Liverpool FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Liverpool have confirmed they have moved their pre-season friendly with Tranmere.
Jurgen Klopp's men were scheduled to take on the recently-promoted side at Prenton Park on Wednesday July 11.
But the fixture has been brought forward 24 hours and will now kick off at 7:30pm on Tuesday July 10.
The encounter has been moved to avoid a clash with England's potential World Cup semi-final.
It comes after the Reds confirmed they would not be changing the time of their first pre-season encounter with Chester this Saturday.
Naby Keita and Fabinho could both make their debuts in the fixture this weekend.
(Image: Liverpool FC via Getty Images)
(Image: Liverpool FC)
But the 3pm kick-off clashes with England's quarter-final with Sweden.
There had been calls for it to be moved but Chester stated they were unable to change at such a short notice.
A statement read: "Following England's victory in the World Cup last night, we made every attempt to move the game, but logistically this proved a major challenge given all match tickets had been sold, and other aspects relating to matchday arrangements were unable to rearrange at short notice."
August 18, 2017 at 8pm to August 19, 2017 at 12:30am – Manny's On Second
WHAT - "Sizzler " Concert with performances by Bruse Wane and other artist and guest appearances. A night of Hip Hop, Partying & Networking. Advanc…
Organized by top Of The Game & Music Merchant | Type: hip, hop, concert
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
Canadian-born musician Lindsay Ell always admired Brad Paisley's guitar skills. She even worked through the guitar solo of “Old Alabama” on repeat until she could play it perfectly.
“If you told me I would be standing on stage trading licks with Brad Paisley, even a few years ago, I wouldn't believe it,” Ell said.
The Grammy Award-winning country superstar strums his way into Mohegan Sun Arena at Casey Plaza on Thursday, with support acts Ell and Chase Bryant, for a show chock-full of country music and spectacular guitar performances.
“People can definitely expect surprises throughout the show,” Ell, 27, said. “It's a really cool concept. ... We were talking backstage, and (Paisley) mentioned that it would be so cool to have a tour of just guitar players. I mean, who else has done that before? It's a really special lineup. People can definitely expect to be well-entertained for the show.”
Paisley, 44, captured the nation's attention after releasing his first album and receiving the Academy of Country Music's Top New Male Vocalist of the Year award in 1999. Since then, the singer-songwriter added three Grammy awards, two American Music Awards, 13 Academies of Country Music Awards and 14 Country Music Association Awards to his shelf.
For Ell and Bryant, touring with Paisley immediately shot to the top of their favorite memories as musicians.
“We're all nutcases on stage,” Bryant said. “If you're not, it's not fun. Most of my stuff is all high-energy on stage. We give people what they came to see.”
Like many musicians, Orange Grove, Texas, native Bryant, 23, grew up in a musical family. His grandfather played piano in Roy Orbison's first two bands and later for Waylon Jennings, while his uncles co-founded the country group Ricochet.
“As a songwriter, going out every night, hearing the fans sing back to you and getting to play some of your favorite songs, including stuff you haven't written, it's always a fun thing to do,” Bryant said. “Playing songs that inspire you on a daily basis is great.”
Randy Bachman, founding member of the Guess Who, discovered Ell when she was just 15. Although she picked up the guitar at 8, she said Bachman truly taught her how to play it. Her musical tastes changed from country to jazz and blues during this time, but her style reverted back to her country roots after moving to Nashville eight years ago.
Now, the artist is working toward finishing her new record with Kristian Bush of Sugarland.
“I feel like I have been writing this album for the last 15 years,” Ell said. “The way we are putting this record together, I feel like I'm finally finding me and recording it in concrete.”
Although neither Bryant nor Ell experience true nerves when performing, they both agreed that the rush of adrenaline that comes from walking on stage is beyond thrilling.
“I feel very grateful to wake up every morning and do what I love,” Ell said. “To write about my life and have people connect with it — that's a crazy concept to imagine, let alone live it.”
Contact the writer:
cjacobson@citizensvoice.com, @CVcljacobson
If you go
What: Brad Paisley with Lindsay Ell and Chase
Bryant
When: Thursday, 7:30 p.m.
Where:Mohegan Sun Arena at Casey Plaza, 255 Highland Park Blvd., Wilkes-Barre Twp.
Details: Tickets start at $39.50 and are available at the box office by calling 800-745-3000 or online at ticketmaster.com.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Dancing On Ice has returned to our Sunday night TV after three years being off air.
The celebrities - who had already been undergoing strict training with their professional partners - are now showing off the newly rehearsed skating skills every Sunday night.
Phillip Schofield and Holly Willoughby are back presenting, with skating legends Jayne Torvill and Christopher Dean taking on the role of judges along with choreographer Jason Gardiner and Diversity's Ashley Banjo.
Three contestants have already been booted off the competition. So far Candice Brown, Stephanie Waring and Perri Shakes-Drayton have left the series.
Here's a run down of the contestants competing in this year's series...
The Contestants
Brooke Vincent
(Image: ITV Picture Desk)
WHO IS SHE? Corrie actress
RATE YOUR SKATE: Probably a four. It's my favourite number.
WHAT SHE SAYS: Dedicating this time to myself and my body.
SKATING ON THIN ICE? What if they say something horrible and I cry?
Brooke admitted that it had "killed" her to keep it a secret, adding that she had been on a health and fitness binge since finding out the news.
"I've been trying to lose a few pounds to get into those leotards," she said before speaking about her skating skills - which she said weren't exactly up to par yet.
"I'm a bit like a bull in a china shop," she admited.
Cheryl Baker
(Image: ITV Picture Desk)
WHO IS SHE? Bucks Fizz singer
RATE YOUR SKATE: She doesn't expect to win, but wouldn't want to be the first celebrity voted off.
Cheryl says: “I expect it to be won by someone who is young and supple... but I would like to come somewhere in the middle.”
WHAT SHE SAYS: The 63-year-old Bucks Fizz star admitted that she was "very nervous" ahead of competition.
Kem Cetinay
(Image: ITV)
WHO IS HE? Winner of ITV's Love Island in 2017.
RATE YOUR SKATE: I want to win.
WHAT HE SAYS: I'd love to do TV presenting one day, like Rylan.
SKATING ON THIN ICE? If I fall over, do I get up? Or do I just lie on the ice?
He said: " I still can't believe I'm going to be on Dancing on Ice! Never in my wildest dreams did I ever think I'd be strapping on a pair of skates and dancing in some lycra. Anyone who knows me will know how competitive I am, so I'm going to work very hard to stay on my feet! I can't wait to get my skates on."
And he's clearly excited as he took to Twitter after the news was announced, to say: "Dancing on ice lets ave it"
Jake Quickenden
(Image: ITV Picture Desk)
WHO IS HE? Singer and I'm A Celebrity... Get Me Out of Here! star
RATE YOUR SKATE: I want to get to a 10 by the end.
WHAT HE SAYS? I want to try ambitious things like backflips.
SKATING ON THIN ICE: I've got good co-ordination, but I'm clumsy.
Speaking about the news, he said: "I'm terrified. I had my first training session yesterday. I was freezing, I went in a t-shirt. Ice is cold.
"It was amazing. The coach was unbelievable."
He added: "I'm more worried about injuring my dance partner. The last thing I want to do is kick anyone in the face with skates on or drop my partner.
"I'm more nervous about Jason [Gardiner]. I've met him before and he was lovely but I wasn't ice skating in front of him."
Max Evans
(Image: ITV)
WHO IS HE? Rugby player
RATE YOUR SKATE: I'm a five now, I'd like to be an eight to 10.
WHAT HE SAYS: I prefer to be showing a bit more skin.
SKATING ON THIN ICE? I like to think the ladies will be impressed by my dance moves.
He said: "I haven't done any skating since I was a kid, and this is completely different having to skate on live television. I've had two training sessions which have hurt my feet a lot. We've all had a dance, which is familiar territory, but skating is so not..."
(Image: Copyright unknown)
WHO IS HE? Singer
RATE YOUR SKATE: I'll be giving 100%
WHAT HE SAYS: I went skating once when I was about nine but never went back.
SKATING ON THIN ICE? I'm afraid of falling, breaking something or hurting myself.
Singer Lemar replaced English cricketer Monty Panesar after the international sportsman was forced to withdraw from the show when he was injured in training.
Alex Beresford
(Image: ITV)
WHO IS HE? TV weatherman
RATE YOUR SKATE: I hope I am as good as Ray Quinn.
WHAT HE SAYS: I don't want to be boxed off as the weather guy, I know I can do more.
SKATING ON THIN ICE? Last time on ice, I fell over on live TV.
Speaking about the news, he said: "I literally started training on Tuesday so I'm at the beginning of my journey. I'm actually finding out who my partner is after this show so I'm really excited. I've wanted to do this show for ages. It's been the biggest secret I've ever kept."
(Image: PA)
WHO IS SHE? TV presenter
RATE YOUR SKATE: I'd like to be a seven by the end.
WHAT SHE SAYS: I'd like to do more drama work. I feel I've got more to give as an actress.
SKATING ON THIN ICE? I have no bottom or stomach muscles.
"I can't believe I'm saying this, I'm doing Dancing On Ice!" She revealed excitedly.
Speaking about her training, she admitted that she had to build up her core strength, adding: "I'll end up with a nice bottom afterwards."
Antony Cotton
(Image: ITV Picture Desk)
WHO IS HE? Corrie actor
RATE YOUR SKATE: I'd say I'm a one. I can go forwards.
WHAT HE SAYS: I'm very competitive and enjoy a challenge.
SKATING ON THIN ICE? I've got this weird fixation about slicing my fingers off.
The announcement was made at the end of a Coronation Street episode.
Revealing the news, Antony said: "I better get my skates on - I've got practising to do!"
Antony has met his professional partner and will now embark on training ahead of the new series.
Who has left Dancing On Ice?
Candice Brown
(Image: ITV)
Bake Off 2017 winner Candice Brown was the first contestant to be eliminated from the series. Judges sent her home after being in the dance off with Lemar Obika.
Stephanie Waring
WHO IS SHE? Hollyoaks star
Stephanie Waring was booted out from the series in Week Two, despite the fact that her competitor Lemar Obika fell over during the final skate.
Ahead of the competition back in January, Stephanie spoke of her excitement.
RATE YOUR SKATE: I'd like to get to a 10.
WHAT SHE SAYS: I love dressing up, I can't wait to be a little doll.
SKATING ON THIN ICE? I don't take criticism well – I'm quite sensitive.
"I'm super excited to be selected or the show... I'm very nervous, it's just so much to take on but I think I'm up for the challenge," she revealed on BUILD.
(Image: ITV Picture Desk)
WHO IS SHE? Athlete
RATE YOUR SKATE: I'm a seven but want to be a nine or 10.
WHAT SHE SAID: I'm in it for the glitz and the glamour.
SKATING ON THIN ICE? My coach was nervous because I've had a knee injury previously.
The news was confirmed during a live interview on Radio 1Xtra.
Perri said "It is an opportunity and I was told in the past I'd never be able to run again and that was not nice to be told... Now the fact my body feels good, I've been given a challenge, an opportunity, I'm going to go give it my best shot.
"I came across Kem from Love Island and we saw each other at the ice rink.
"He saw my skills, I saw his skills... I'm better than him.
"I'm most excited about the costumes!”
The Indian government has asked messaging platform WhatsApp to take steps to prevent the spread of fake news on its app after several people have been lynched in the country. The Ministry of Electronics and IT has cited the killings in states like Assam, Maharashtra, Karnataka, Tripura and West Bengal as the reason behind this directive.
Over the past few weeks, several images, videos and audio files are being circulated on WhatsApp accusing people of being child abductors and this has resulted in several innocent people being lynched. In recent news, a 24 year old man from Nashik sent his cousin's image along with a voice note alleging that he was a Child lifter.
As per reports, over 31 people have been killed in the country this year by mobs after fake messages had spread on WhatsApp claiming that these were child abductors.
In its statement, the ministry has said that, “While the law and order machinery is taking steps to apprehend the culprits, the abuse of platforms like WhatsApp for repeated circulation of such provocative content are equally a matter of deep concern.”
The statement further added, “Deep disapproval of such developments has been conveyed to the senior management of the WhatsApp and they have been advised that necessary remedial measures should be taken to prevent proliferation of these fake and at times motivated/sensational messages.”
In response, WhatsApp has said that the company deeply cares about people's safety and their ability to freely communicate. WhatsApp has announced a new research program called WhatsApp research awards for social science and misinformation.
Under this program, WhatsApp will announce competitive awards for researchers interested in helping stop misinformation spread on WhatsApp.
In a statement, the company said, “WhatsApp cares about the safety of our users and is seeking to inform our understanding of the safety problems people encounter on WhatsApp and what more we can do within WhatsApp and in partnership with civil society to address the problem”.
Amec Foster Wheeler has offered to sell off a number of assets as part of attempts to allay competition concerns over its proposed £2.2 billion takeover by Wood Group.
The Competition and Markets Authority (CMA) warned earlier this month that the deal could face an in-depth probe if the companies fail to address antitrust issues.
The UK watchdog believes that the deal as it currently stands gives rise to competition concerns, particularly surrounding the supply of engineering and construction services, as well as operation and maintenance services in the North Sea.
On Tuesday the CMA said it is considering proposals put forward by the duo which would see Amec Foster Wheeler sell off “almost all” assets which contribute to these services in its upstream offshore oil and gas business in the UK.
The watchdog added that there are “reasonable grounds” for believing these undertakings, or a modified version of them, might be acceptable and it will open a public consultation on the proposal.
Kate Collyer, deputy chief economic adviser and decision-maker in the case, said: “It is crucial that competition is maintained in this major UK industry. We will consider the undertakings offered by Wood Group and Amec Foster Wheeler further, and carefully consult interested parties, in order to make sure that they fully address our concerns.”
If the CMA does not accept the undertakings proposed, the deal will be referred for an in-depth investigation.
When announcing the deal in March, Aberdeen-based Wood Group said it will result in “significant cost and revenue synergies” of at least £110 million a year.
Wood Group employs 29,000 people while Amec has 35,000 workers and the new entity would be valued at around £5 billion.
UFC News: Floyd Mayweather quashes rumours of a deal with Conor McGregor
The boxing legend insists no such deal is in place with McGregor and that he is happily retired, in his social media post
by Shikhar Abs News 15 Feb 2017, 11:38 IST
Floyd Mayweather puts an end to all the rumours with his post
What's the story?
We all gave in to the rumours that McGregor-Mayweather fight is close to happening and a financial deal has been struck between them. However, Mayweather quickly put an end to all the hearsay by posting a message on social media, reiterating that he is happily retired and that no such deal has been struck with ‘The Notorious' for the super-fight.
In case you didn't know...
Yesterday a report first published by the Irish Sun spread like wildfire, that a financial agreement has been reached by the two parties involved. It was reported that the deal is tied-up due to ‘third-party' conflict and the fight could be announced in the next couple of weeks.
The heart of the matter
The two sides involved have been toying with the idea of this cross-over fight and verbal jabs have been exchanged for a long time now. Lately, there has been rumours of a deal in place for this bout, but Floyd Mayweather quickly joined the UFC President Dana White in denying the tabloid report by posting a message on Twitter,
Mayweather's post reads:
“Although there have been several rumours circulating through [the] media suggesting that I will have an upcoming fight. I would like to set the record straight and state that there has been no deals made on my behalf in regards to a bout with any fighter at this time. I am happily retired and enjoying my life! Rest assured that if any changes come about, I will be the first to let the world know!”
What next?
It remains to be seen if Floyd's statement is merely intended to stoke the back-and-forth between the two camps or has any real levity to it. Floyd is known to have toyed with the media in his previous fights and it could well be the case here.
Sportskeeda's Take
The hype surrounding this fight and the money involved is gargantuan for anyone to completely write off this boxing bout. All the parties involved are throwing in their big numbers that would make them interested in this fight. The first step for this to ever materialize, will be to reach a financial agreement and thereafter all other pieces will fall in place.
The fight which was completely hypothetical sometime back, is quickly gaining grounds to become reality. We will keep you informed on the latest developments in this matter.
Jimmy Wayne Pate, 51, of Indianola passed away Thursday, December 29, 2016, at the University of Alabama Medical Center in Birmingham, after an extended illness.
Jimmy was born December 6, 1965, in Isola, and was the son of Curtis and Nonee Cudd Pate. He was a lifetime resident of Indianola and was a member of Pilgrim Rest Church of God. Jimmy was a self-taught mechanic. He and his brothers learned by tearing things apart and fixing them on the family's kitchen table. He owned and operated Pate's Muffler and Tire, Pate's Towing, and Jimmy P's Collision Center. Prior to this, he worked at Delta Pride as a tire man until being promoted over the years to lead mechanic. Jimmy left Delta Pride to work with his brother, Billy, and opened his own shop in April, 1997. Jimmy was an extremely devoted husband, father, son, brother, and friend. He will always be remembered for his strong work ethic. He never met a stranger, and was always willing to help people or give advice even if it cost him money. Jimmy loved all kinds of racing, but the most important to him was dirt bike racing with his sons. He loved everyone wholeheartedly. He truly enjoyed singing, playing the guitar, traveling, working with horses, horseback riding, riding four wheelers, and spending time with family and friends. Jimmy was preceded in death by his father, Curtis Eugene Pate. He leaves to cherish his memory his wife of 28 years, Mary Howard Pate; two sons, Paul Wayne and Micheal 'Landon' Pate; one sister, Martha Pate Hoffman and her husband Randy; two brothers, Jerry Pate and his wife Liz, and Billy Pate and his wife Ann all of Indianola; a host of nieces, nephews, great nieces and great nephews; and many friends.
The family will receive friends Monday, January 2, 2017, from 5-7 p.m. and Tuesday, January 3, 2017, from 9 a.m. until the 11 a.m. funeral service all at Burton Funeral Home in Indianola. Burial will follow in Indianola Memorial Gardens.
Burton Funeral Home of Indianola is in charge of arrangements. Online condolences may be shared with the family by visiting www.burtonfuneralhome.net
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Boat Race rivals Lance Tredell and Oliver Cook became partners at the weekend, as they joined forces to battle for selection at the GB Rowing Team Senior and U23 Trials in Caversham.
Just two weeks previously, Cambridge University Boat Club president Tredell was coming to terms with a defeat at the hands of Cook and his Oxford teammates on the Tideway; on Sunday they finished fourth in the final of the men's pair at Trials.
Once the pair came together in a boat at the GB Rowing Team camp in Portugal there was no bitterness, just the desire to put in a strong performance to impress chief coach Jurgen Grobler, whose idea it was for the rivals to race together.
“It was good [rowing with Ollie] – he's a good friend and a good oarsman,” said Tredell.
“We've rowed together before, but it was strange that a couple of weeks ago we were rivals in the Boat Race for opposite clubs. It was good to come back together and we've been progressing all the time over the last few weeks.
“[Trials] was a different challenge. The preparation for the Boat Race was pretty intense and the race itself was particularly intense, so there was a small recuperation period [afterwards], and then we were straight into the small boat [at camp], which is very different to the eight.”
Tredell was one of a number of Cambridge University rowers to compete over the course of the weekend at the national training centre just outside Reading.
Holly Hill and Melissa Wilson, victorious in the Light Blue boat in the Women's Boat Race, put in an impressive performance to finish second in the women's pair.
“You'd think racing 2km on a lake would be easier [than 7km on the Thames] but our preparation has mostly been about working out how the pair moves differently [to the eight],” said Wilson.
“The first time we got in it, it felt quite unstable. But quickly we felt like we were making some progress. It's good to be able to represent Cambridge again.”
The GB Rowing Team starts its season of international racing at the year's first World Cup event in Belgrade between May 5 and 7. The regatta season culminates with the team's main goal – the World Championships in Sarasota-Bradenton, Florida, at the end of September.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi addresses the nation on the 71st Independence Day from the ramparts of the Red Fort in New Delhi on Tuesday. Photo: AP
New Delhi: Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Tuesday mentioned in his Independence Day speech the recent death of nearly 70 children at a state-run hospital in Uttar Pradesh, and said sympathies of the entire nation were with the affected families.
Delivering his Independence Day speech from the ramparts of the Red Fort, Modi said, “Many parts of the country faced natural calamities in the recent past. Children died at a hospital, the entire nation is with them.”
“Natural calamities become a big challenge. Good rains contribute to prosperity of the country, but climate change creates problems,” he added.
Nearly 70 children, including infants, have died at BRD Medical College in Gorakhpur in the past few days. Many of these deaths were alleged to have been caused by shortage of oxygen, a claim dismissed by the state government.
The prime minister said sympathies of the 125 crore countrymen were with the affected families and that the government would extend all possible help to them. “I assure the people that with all sensitivity in mind, the government will ensure the well-being and safety of people and will leave no stone unturned to help them,” he said.
Free Downloads
Singer-songwriter Matt Pond is the driving force behind the band Matt Pond PA. This past November, the band released their eleventh album Winter Lives. The record is a bold celebration of what blooms in the coldest, stillest time of the year. By now, fans of the band are not unfamiliar with the enduring love affair Pond's lyrics and arrangements have with his shift-shaping environment: an embodiment of the season, the beauty in a prosaic exchange, the weight of expectation and hope, a moment that says a kiss is not a promise. But it can be something close to the truth. Download “Whoa” off Winter Lives and learn more about Matt Pond PA at their Official Website, “Like” them on Facebook and follow them on Twitter.
Download
The WTTS Free Download Of The Week is Delivered by
IndyGo Transit.
As for playing as a single? Woods smiled.
"I didn't want to have anyone watch me play the way I was playing," he said.
Rory McIlroy was standing at the side of the room as Woods spoke, listening to a player with 90 victories worldwide talking about the time he signed his name to an 85 on his scorecard. McIlroy recalled his highest round at 83 in the South African Open in 2007, his seventh tournament as a pro.
McIlroy climbed the steps to the stage as Woods was leaving and said to him, "Aside from your 85, you have won here five times."
Those are the memories Woods hopes to draw from when the Memorial begins Thursday on a Muirfield Village course in its usual mint condition. The tournament is two weeks before the U.S. Open at Shinnecock Hills, and it has the kind of field that makes it feel like a mini-major.
Only two players from the top 10 in the world are missing: Jon Rahm and U.S. Open champion Brooks Koepka.
Justin Rose is coming off a victory at Colonial, his ninth consecutive year with a victory somewhere in the world. Justin Thomas is making his debut at No. 1 in the world, an achievement that doesn't come with a trophy but one that meant enough to him that he stayed up later than usual when he got home after The Players Championship to see the world ranking page with his name at the top. He took a screen shot.
"Seeing every golfer in the world behind my name is a pretty fun thing," Thomas said.
Dustin Johnson, who doesn't appear to be concerned with much in life, conceded he was eager to get back the No. 1 ranking he held for 15 months. This is his first tournament since he lost the No. 1 spot to Thomas.
Nicklaus was around the first and 10th tee boxes during the pro-am to greet them all, a list that includes Jordan Spieth and Rickie Fowler.
Woods has made strides since his return from a fourth back surgery, including a runner-up finish at the Valspar Championship in March, and an exciting charge at Bay Hill that ended with a tee shot out of bounds on the 16th hole.
Nicklaus suggested on Tuesday that Woods has to learn anew how to win because it has been five years since his last victory.
McIlroy understood what he meant, having gone 18 months between victories until he won the Arnold Palmer Invitational. McIlroy started this year with good chances at Abu Dhabi and Dubai, and then he broke through at Bay Hill.
"As long as you put yourself in contention more and more and keep knocking on the door, sooner or later you're going to step through," McIlroy said. "And then with that, experience will do great things for you going forward."
Woods hasn't been within five shots of the lead going into Sunday since Bay Hill. He never got going at the Masters or at Quail Hollow, and while he had a season-best 65 in the third round at The Players Championship, he still was 11 shots out of the lead. The idea this week is to get in range.
"The last few times that I've had a chance, I've felt very comfortable," he said. "Hopefully I can just shoot the low round when I need it."
The Other Victims: First Responders To Violent Disasters Often Suffer Alone
Enlarge this image toggle caption Heidi de Marco/Kaiser Health News Heidi de Marco/Kaiser Health News
The night a gunman fired into a crowd of 22,000 people at the country music festival in Las Vegas in 2017, nursing supervisor Antoinette Mullan at University Medical Center was focused on one thing: saving lives.
She recalls dead bodies on gurneys across the triage floor, a trauma bay full of victims. But "in that moment, we're not aware of anything else but taking care of what's in front of us," Mullan says.
She calls that event, "the most horrific evening of my life." But in a career spanning 30 years, Mullan has experienced plenty of other tragic incidents in which she witnessed suffering and death.
She says she has tried to work through these painful memories, mostly on her own.
"I can tell you that after 30 years, I still have emotional breakdowns and I never know when it's going to hit me," she says.
In 2017, there were 346 mass shootings nationwide, including the Las Vegas massacre — one of the deadliest in U.S. history — according to Gun Violence Archive, a nonprofit organization that tracks the country's gun-related deaths.
The group, which defines mass shootings as ones in which four or more people are killed or injured, has identified 159 so far this year, through July 3.
Just last week, a gunman burst into the newsroom of the Capital Gazette in Annapolis, Md., killing five journalists and injuring two others.
Many of the men and women who respond to these tragedies have become heroes and victims at once. Some firefighters, EMTs, police and others say the scale, sadness and sometimes sheer gruesomeness of their experiences haunt them.
toggle caption Heidi de Marco/Kaiser Health News
Many, like Mullan, are stoic, forgoing counseling even when it is offered.
"I don't have this sense that I need to go and speak to someone," says Mullan. "Maybe I do, and I just don't know it."
A growing toll
Research shows that emergency first responders suffer from the accumulation of stress and trauma. First responders report feeling depression, job burnout, substance abuse, troubled relationships — even suicide. Many studies have found elevated rates of post-traumatic stress disorder among nurses, firefighters and paramedics. A 2016 report by the International Association of firefighters found that firefighters and paramedics are exhibiting levels of PTSD similar to that of combat veterans.
Yet there's a dearth of research on treatment, insufficient preparation by employers for traumatic events and significant stigma associated with seeking care for the emotional fallout of those events, says Jeff Dill, a counselor and founder of the Firefighter Behavioral Health Alliance in Anthem, Ariz.
"When we have these national disasters or have a guy take a truck and run people over ... those are added stressors we aren't prepared for," says Dill, who is a former firefighter.
Dill says the emotional toll of these large-scale horrific events is magnified because everyone is talking about them. They are inescapable and become emotional "trigger points."
But a slow change in culture is also catching on, Dill says.
Dill travels the country teaching mental health awareness workshops for firefighters and other emergency personnel. Some employers are working on developing greater peer support, he says, but it often comes after the fact rather than proactively.
"We met a lot of resistance early on because of the [stoic] culture," says Dill.
Now, he says, emergency workers are starting to talk more openly about their PTSD and depression from the trauma they see at work. More first responders are reaching out to him and attending his workshops, he says.
"When I started in the fire service way back when, we didn't have to worry about those things," Dill says. But now, "out of those horrific incidents comes the conversation. They're talking about it instead of keeping it buried deep inside."
toggle caption Heidi de Marco/Kaiser Health News
'I was scared'
In 2015, Gary Schuelke, a police watch commander, raced to the scene of a holiday party in San Bernardino, Calif., where he and his fellow officers faced a fusillade of gunfire from a pair of homegrown terrorists.
He'd seen a lot on the force over the years, but this call was different — and not just because of the numerous casualties. His son, a young police officer, was there with him.
Schuelke and his son, Ryan, chased the assailants' car as the bullets whizzed by. It was the younger Schuelke's first time exchanging fire with suspects.
Afterward, when both were safe, "I asked him, 'You doing OK?' " Gary Schuelke recalls. "If you're not, it's cool. You can talk to me about it. He said, 'I'm good, Dad. I'm very happy to be part of taking down the bad guys.'"
The elder Schuelke says he recognized Ryan's attitude. It reminded him of his own when he was younger. Ryan was "just like I was when I was in my 20s ... chasing bad guys and making arrests," he says.
He recalls how he had decided early in his career to try to "compartmentalize" his work experiences so they wouldn't affect his personal life.
Generally, no one focused on officers' mental health back then, he says, but experience has taught him how important it is to do just that.
Since then, he and some of his older colleagues have become more open to seeking help, he says. But some of the younger officers, like his son, still try to be stoic.
After the 2014 terrorist attack, which left 14 dead, his department quickly set up a "debriefing" meeting for all the officers involved, where they talked about the event as a group.
"I made it a point in that meeting that I was going to talk about the fact that I was scared," says Schuelke. "Not try to be macho in there and act like nothing bothered me about it."
This story was produced by Kaiser Health News (KHN), which publishes California Healthline, an editorially independent service of the California Health Care Foundation. KHN is not affiliated with Kaiser Permanente.
“When a resident sets out a blue bin that contains too many nonrecyclable items, the materials cannot be sorted and can ruin perfectly good recycling that must be sent to landfill,” McKay said.
Like everyone, we received a “Dear Resident” letter last week from Jim McKay, general manager of solid waste management, saying the wrong stuff is contaminating recyclables that earn cash for the city.
The city is sending out inspectors to see exactly what people are putting in their blue bins and warning them that if it's contaminated with materials that shouldn't be in it, they could end paying a “cost recovery fee” to remove it.
And it won't be the guy who usually goes down your street, rifling bins for bottles that can be returned for a deposit.
Dear resident: Don't be surprised to see someone rummaging through your blue bin after it's put out to the curb for collection.
That sentence jumped off the page, suggesting the city would have to engage in wholesale snooping to identify offenders.
“In order to help offset these costs and reduce the amount of recycling ending up in landfill, the city may require a cost recovery payment from homeowners who set out contaminated recycling bins,” he said.
The letter said 52,000 tonnes of stuff that can't be recycled was put into blue bins last year, of which the net cost to the city was about $10 million.
So we called up McKay, who confirmed that a crew of about half a dozen solid waste employees is peeking into blue bins to see what's in them. But he stressed that the emphasis so far is on education, and that cost recovery fees — which sounds a lot like a fine — have yet to be levied.
“About 26 per cent of what we collect, by our definition, is garbage,” he said, noting that the cost of just one percentage point of contamination is upwards of $1 million.
“Based on the way our contract is structured, if we have a jump of just one (more) per cent, to 27 per cent, it will add $5 million to our costs,” he said, adding that the city's immediate goal is to reduce contamination to below 25 per cent.
The right number is about 10 to 15 per cent contamination, he said, and “that's a tonne of money that can be saved” by increasing education about what can or can't go into blue bins.
Read more:
Cyclists and pedestrians mingle in temporary bike lane
TTC's removal of old streetcar poles is a slow process
Uncollected garbage becomes a magnet for more trash
The city has started a public awareness campaign about what can and can't go into blue bins, McKay said, using advertising, customer engagement and social media to connect with people.
“Education is certainly a big part of this … but there are some segments of the population who just won't participate,” he said.
When inspectors find contamination, they tag the bin and leave educational materials about what is and isn't OK, McKay said, which doesn't always have the desired effect.
“So we'll start pushing those bins back and not collecting them. When we go back and check for compliance, we're seeing really good result, but it's early days.
“We've had some situations where we tag the bin, push it back and the resident will go out as soon the inspector is gone, rip the tag off, throw the tag into the bin and push it back out for collection.”
Scofflaw residents will eventually be assessed a cost-recovery fee of about $20, an estimate of what it would cost to remove contaminated material from the bin, he said, adding that so far, the fines haven't started.
Anyone who wants to do recycling properly should consult the city's online Waste Wizard or check their recycling calendar to see what goes where.
What's broken in your neighbourhood? Wherever you are in Greater Toronto, we want to know. Send an email to jlakey@thestar.ca. Report problems and follow us on Twitter @TOStarFixer.
Los Angeles Chargers guard Matt Slauson thinks that he will be a “bully” and a “bouncer” after making the switch from center to the guard position this offseason, via Fox Sports radio's Hardwick and Richards.
Even though it is a new position, Slauson already feels “comfortable” and is “building great chemistry” with Chargers tackle Russell Okung.
Slauson is a team player and believes the team can “move [him] wherever they want,” but he is definitely “more comfortable now” at guard because it is his “true” spot.
The guard position also has less cerebral responsibilities giving the opportunity for Slauson to be “really aggressive.”
Also, the former center still graded out as one of the best in the league, via Pro Football Focus, with a player grade of 81.2.
If that was a less comfortable Slauson, then it is going to be a treat to see the more aggressive player who is finally playing in his natural position this fall.
A woman has been charged with high-range drink driving after a crash in Coffs Harbour at the weekend.
A woman has been charged with high-range drink driving after a crash in Coffs Harbour at the weekend. Trevor Veale
A WOMAN, who crashed into a concrete barrier on the Pacific Highway south of the Big Banana allegedly returned a blood-alcohol reading of 0.199.
Police received a number of complaints about a car travelling south on the Pacific Highway at Korora about 5.30pm on Sunday.
The car was seen by officers near the Big Banana when it collided with a concrete barrier, police said.
The driver, a 37-year-old woman, was detained and returned a positive roadside breath test for alcohol.
She was taken to Coffs Harbour Police Station for a breath analysis, where she allegedly returned the high range reading - almost four-times the legal limit.
The woman was charged with driving with a high range prescribed alcohol content and had her licence suspended.
She is due to appear at Coffs Harbour Local Court on January 22.
A file photo of R. Chandrashekhar, president, Nasscom. Photo: Hemant Mishra/Mint
New Delhi: National Association of Software and Services Companies (Nasscom) on Monday said it has got an assurance from the government that the service tax notices served to several IT companies has been “corrected” and the issue has been resolved.
However, it could not be confirmed from the tax department whether the government is withdrawing or amending the reported Rs10,000 crore demand notices served to some 200 companies. “The kind of tax notices which had been issued recently to a few companies that actually do not recognise IT services as exports because of some interpretation... we were happy to note that the Government has clarified in today's meeting that that situation has been corrected,” Nasscom president R. Chandrashekhar said.
Chandrashekhar was speaking to reporters after a meeting between IT industry and finance minister Arun Jaitley on Monday on pre-budget consultations.
During the meeting, the apex software body also discussed issues related to place of effective management (POEM) and refund of service tax, amongst others. On the tax notice issue, Chandrashekhar pointed out that the government has clarified that suitable advisories have been issued and that the “problem has been resolved”.
“We have been informed that the clarification has already been issued and the matter stands resolved. We are waiting to get clarification,” he added. While Chandrashekhar did not divulge further details about the tax notices, reports suggest that much IT and IT enabled services companies had been sent notices by the tax department.
These companies were reportedly asked to return export benefits claimed in the last five years on software provided to clients outside India, and also asked to cough up service tax along with penalty. Telecom Equipments Manufacturers Association chairman emeritus N.K. Goyal thanked the government for resolving the tax issue that had confronted the IT companies.
“We appreciate the government for withdrawing tax notices ...that was served to IT companies,” said Goyal who was also part of the meeting.
National Security Adviser H.R. McMaster was interviewed by Chuck Todd on Meet the Press:
TODD: Can you and Steve Bannon still work together in this White House or not?
McMASTER: I get to work together with a broad range of talented people and it is a privilege every day to enable the national security team.
TODD: You didn't answer can you and Steve Bannon work in that same White House?
McMASTER: I am, I am ready to work with anybody who will help advance the president's agenda and advance the security, prosperity of the American people.
TODD: Do you believe Steve Bannon does that?
McMASTER: I believe that everyone who works in the White House who has the privilege, the great privilege every day of serving their nation should be motivated by that goal.
The Most Traded Currencies
The foreign exchange (forex) market or currency trading is the buying of one currency and the selling of another. It is the largest and most liquid market in the world, trading close to $US5 trillion every day. Because of how the forex market works, currencies are traded in pairs, with each pair listed as an exchange rate that fluctuates as one currency strengthens against the other. Each currency has unique features that impact its underlying value and influence price movements. Understanding these features is important for becoming a successful forex trader. Here we'll look at the six most popular and most traded currencies in the world.
1.The US Dollar
The US dollar (USD) is the most traded currency in the market and it is also the most widely held currency across the globe, largely due to the fact that almost every central bank and every financial institution in the world holds US dollars. The US dollar can act as a benchmark or target rate for the currencies of some countries. The USD can be found in a pair with almost every other currency in the market.
2. The Euro
The euro (EUR) has become the second most traded currency in the world. Besides for being the official currency for most of the eurozone nations, it is also the second largest reserve currency in the world. The euro is particularly influenced by political events in the eurozone and it is traded accordingly.
3. The Yen
The Japanese yen (JPY) is the most commonly traded currency in Asia and its value often represents the stability of the Pan-Pacific region. The yen has become known as a carry trade in forex circles, due to the almost zero interest rate policy of the country, being borrowed in order for people to invest in higher yielding currencies.
4. The Pound
The British pound (GBP) is a relatively valuable currency and as such, it is also a large reserve currency. The pound closely reflects the overall health of the British economy and the stability of its government. It also acts as a currency benchmark for many nations and is particularly liquid within the market.
5. The Canadian Dollar
Canada is a large exporter of commodities such as crude oil, minerals and precious metals, and the Canadian dollar (CAD) therefore moves in relation to the commodities market. It is particularly volatile to any movements in their underlying price and traders sometimes trade the Canadian dollar to hedge their portfolio of the commodities or as a way to speculate on the movement of the commodities. It is also closely correlated to the nearby US dollar.
6. The Swiss Franc
Within the forex market, the Swiss franc (CHF) is considered a safe option or neutral currency, much like the country itself. It commonly moves in a negative correlation to the more volatile currencies. The Swiss National Bank works to make sure that the Swiss franc trades within a tight range and that volatility is reduced.
Over the winter, the Yankees did not want to include third baseman Miguel Andujar in a trade that would have brought righthander Gerrit Cole from the Pirates. Cole wound up with the Astros.
How's all that working out? Pretty good for both teams.
The Yankees will return to Houston next Monday for the first time since losing Game 7 to the Astros in the American League Championship Series. Andujar likely will face Cole, who has become one of the Astros five aces, in one of the four games at Minute Maid Park.
In 2001, according to mlb.com. Cole was a 12-year old fan at the World Series in Phoenix between the Yankees and Diamondbacks and held a sign that read, “Yankees Fan Today, Tomorrow, Forever.”
The Yankees drafted Cole, a Newport, California-born pitcher, with the 28th overall pick in 2008 and were reportedly ready to offer him a $4 million signing bonus. But, he decided to play college baseball at UCLA.
Andujar's start has been historic by team proportions as he joined Joe DiMaggio and Mickey Mantle as the only Yankees under the age of 24 to have at least one extra-base hit in seven straight games. He is on a 15-for-29 streak with three home runs, eight doubles, a triple and eight runs batted in. His batting average went from .107 to .316 before Tuesday's game with the Twins.
The Yankees wanted another starting pitcher as insurance for 37-year-old CC Sabathia and his potentially balky knee. Andujar was not a lock to make the team, much less become the starting third baseman. General manager Brian Cashman talked about having Andujar and Gleyber Torres in the same lineup until he traded for Brandon Drury. Now Drury, who is working his way back from blurred vision and migraine headaches, could be expendable if Andujar continues to hit.
Cole, the Pirates' 27-year-old ace, was coming off a 12-12 season with a 4.26 earned run average. That was after elbow inflammation scuttled his 2016 into a 7-10 record. The Yankees thought Cole might return to the form he showed in 2015, when he went 19-8 with a 2.60 ERA. They were right. In five starts with the Astros, Cole is 2-1 with a 1.29 ERA. He has 49 strikeouts in 35 innings. And he's at the back end of a rotation that includes Justin Verlander, Dallas Keuchel, Lance McCullers Jr. and Charlie Morton.
Subscribe to Newsday's sports newsletter Receive stories, photos and videos about your favorite New York teams plus national sports news and events. By clicking Sign up, you agree to our privacy policy.
The Yankees were considered the favorites to land Cole, but the price would have been steep. Torres was off limits. Aside from Andujar, the combination of names reportedly bandied about were outfielders Clint Frazier and Estevan Florial, pitchers Chance Adams and Justus Sheffield. It appears the framework of the deal fell apart when the Yankees would not include Andujar.
Drury was obtained from the Diamondbacks on Feb. 20. Had he arrived earlier, perhaps Andujar would have been made available to the Pirates.
The Astros received Cole for starting pitcher Joe Musgrove, reliever Michael Feliz, third baseman Colin Moran and prospect Jason Martin. The pundits called the deal underwhelming for the Pirates, but it has paid some dividends.
Musgrove has not appeared in a game as he recovers from a shoulder issue, but Moran hit a grand slam on opening day. He is batting .270 with nine RBIs. Feliz allowed four runs in his first outing, but only one in his last 10 through Monday's games.
ANAHEIM, Calif. — The ISU Four Continents figure skating championships are returning to the U.S. for the first time in seven years.
The meet is scheduled for Feb. 7-10 at Honda Center in Anaheim, California, home to the NHL's Anaheim Ducks.
The competition in singles, pairs and ice dancing features skaters from the Americas, Asia, Africa and Oceania.
The U.S. team will be made up of three skaters or teams in each discipline and will be named after the U.S. nationals in Detroit on Jan. 19-27.
A Muslim ban by any other name smells just as foul.
When the Supreme Court on Wednesday hears oral arguments in a case concerning the constitutionality of President Donald Trump's Muslin ban, er, make that his travel ban, justices will be considering not only the letter of the law, but also Trump's statements, his posts to Twitter, his administration's comments more generally.
At least that's what justices ought to do.
Trump has taken three swings at implementing his travel ban. The high court should let him know, in no uncertain terms, that he's struck out.
The initial travel ban was an ill-considered and badly implemented abomination rolled out just a week after the reality TV star was inaugurated as president in January 2017. It barred those from several Muslim-majority nations from traveling to the United States, caused chaos at airports across the land and around the globe, and demonstrated clearly that the new administration would be as abnormal as many had feared.
It was effectively the ban on Muslims that Trump had promised as a presidential candidate. And it was, thankfully, quickly put on hold by the courts.
Two months later, the White House took another crack, making some cosmetic adjustments to the ban in the hopes that the second try might pass muster. It, too, ran afoul of federal judges.
So Trump came back again. It's that ban, the third try, that is before the Supremes.
Historically, our nation's chief executive has been granted broad latitude in determining who can, and cannot, enter our country. As such, there are those who've suggested that our nation's highest court would be hesitant to rule against Trump's travel ban. Well, that's one way to look at it -- if one has blinders firmly affixed.
Though the Supreme Court, unlike a president or the Congress, goes about its business largely out of sight, justices are not removed from the day-to-day doings in our nation. They knew, along with everyone else, that candidate Trump had wanted to impose a ban on Muslims. And they've doubtless followed the botched efforts to do just that, noting Trump's many comments along the way.
The list of examples showing that Trump and those working for him want to ban Muslims, no matter how they try to spin it, is long. A couple suffice in telling the tale.
On Dec. 7, 2015, speaking during a press conference, the businessman candidate, referring to himself in the third person, said:
"Donald J. Trump is calling for a total and complete shutdown of Muslims entering the United States until our country's representatives can figure out what the hell is going on."
And here was Trump on March 15, 2017, speaking at a rally in Nashville, Tennessee, after a federal judge in Hawaii had blocked implementation of the second travel ban:
"This is a watered-down version of the first one. And let me tell you something: I think we ought to go back to the first one and go all the way, which is what I wanted to do in the first place."
Throughout, those speaking on the president's behalf have also said effectively the same thing -- that the travel ban in all its incarnations is nothing more than the Muslim ban in sheep's clothing. These include senior policy adviser Stephen Miller; since-ousted White House press secretary Sean Spicer; and on-again, off-again Trump adviser Rudy Giuliani, the former mayor of New York City who just recently signed onto the president's legal team.
If justices ignore all of this, and so much else, looking only at the third version of the travel ban as it was written, considering exclusively the letter of the law even as they refuse to take in the overall picture, they'll be doing a grave disservice, failing to act in accordance with their charge.
In America, we don't discriminate -- or ban people -- based on religion.
As Trump's travel ban does just that, the court should have no difficulty in finding it unconstitutional.
Related
Newsletter
Comments
You are encouraged to leave relevant comments but engaging in personal attacks, threats, online bullying or commercial spam will not be allowed. All comments should remain within the bounds of fair play and civility. (You can disagree with others courteously, without being disagreeable.) Feel free to express yourself but keep an open mind toward finding value in what others say. To report abuse or spam, click the X in the upper right corner of the comment box.
Organizers of the 2018 PyeongChang Winter Games said Tuesday their Olympic test events over the past 14 months have mostly been a success, though there's still room for improvement before the real competition.
PyeongChang, some 180 kilometers east of Seoul in Gangwon Province, and its adjacent sub-Olympic host cities have hosted 25 Olympic and Winter Paralympic test events at 12 venues since February last year. They have covered alpine skiing, ski jumping, short track speed skating, figure skating, hockey, bobsleigh and skeleton, among others.
These events were held to help PyeongChang organizers check their operational readiness and test actual Olympic facilities.
Kim Yu-na, former Olympic figure skating champion and honorary ambassador for the 2018 PyeongChang Winter Olympics, poses with the Olympic torch, flanked by Soohorang (left), the PyeongChang 2018 mascot, and Lee Hee-beom, head of PyeongChang's organizing committee, in Seoul on April 17, 2017. (Yonhap)
At a press conference held at Gangneung Hockey Centre in Gangneung, east of PyeongChang, Yeo Hyung-koo, secretary-general of the PyeongChang 2018 organizing committee, said the series of test events has been a major boost to his team's collective confidence."Our confidence is such that we believe we can open the Olympics right away," Yeo said. "Now that we've all witnessed the possibilities of having a successful Olympics, we hope more and more people will take interest in the PyeongChang Olympics."According to the organizing committee's data, nearly 3,000 athletes and 2,600 officials from 45 nations took part in the 25 test events, and PyeongChang had a little over 9,000 people working on those competitions, along with 2,380 volunteers.Together, the 25 competitions attracted nearly 195,000 spectators.The organizing committee noted that the International Olympic Committee, international winter sports federations and participating athletes all reserved high praise for the venues. It also said the test events also helped create a buzz around the Winter Olympics, and the emergence of young homegrown athletes, such as speed skater Kim Bo-reum and figure skater Choi Da-bin, also fueled the public's interest in winter sports in general.On the other hand, PyeongChang said some of the volunteers weren't as professional as others, and that it will have to do a better job with volunteer training for the Olympics. And while the competition venues themselves were hailed for their high quality, not all had sufficient facilities for fans inside, such as concession stands.PyeongChang also said it will have to strengthen language services for foreign spectators."We'll address our shortcomings and get ready for the Olympics the best we can," Yeo said. (Yonhap)
New Data Suggests Welfare for S.C. Children is Improving
COLUMBIA, S.C. (WOLO)- Children's Trust of South Carolina is the Kids Count grant recipient in our state. The organization announced it has reached a new benchmark Tuesday.
“This is the 28th year of the kids count project and I am happy to share that we in South Carolina rank at 39th in the nation in overall child well-being. Outranking Georgia who is 42nd and Florida who is 40th,” said Children's Trust of S.C. Chief Executive Officer Sue Williams.
Kids Count measures child well-being in four areas: economic well-being, education, health, family and community.
Childcare professionals like Barbara Scott say the information offers perspective on what she can focus on with their pupils.
“It so much fit my desires for what I wanted for my children or the dreams that I have for my children and the level in which I want to take them to and partnership with our parents and districts and with the community to make sure that better is possible for our children,” said Barbara Scott of Myers Nursery and Day Care.
Though Barbara says she is impressed with the improved statistics, she believes there is always room for improvement.
“I do see that there is much that is needed in order to enhance those scores. I think what we'll be doing to partnership with them will give us and them the opportunity to bring those numbers up.” said Scott.
To view more data about kids in our state, visit scchildren.org.
Blythewood's Beckwith Drafted by Royals Wednesday
CONWAY – Coastal Carolina added four names – Will Latcham, Jordan Gore, Wood Myers and Andrew Beckwith – to the list of those selected in the 2017 Major League Baseball draft on Wednesday.
Latcham (RHP) was selected by the St. Louis Cardinals in the 17th round (514th overall pick). Gore (SS) was taken by the Minnesota Twins with the first pick of the 19th round (556th overall). Myers (2B) was selected by the Cardinals in the 29th round (874th overall pick). Beckwith (RHP) was chosen by the Kansas City Royals in the 32nd round (906th overall pick). They join fellow Chanticleers Billy Cooke (8th round) and Alex Cunningham (9th round) among those drafted .
This marks the 10th time since 2002 at least three Chanticleers were drafted in one season and brings the total to 82 Chanticleers drafted – 88 draft picks as six Chants were drafted twice while at Coastal – since 1977 (Coastal's second year of baseball) and 63 players – 68 draft picks – since head coach Gary Gilmore was named head coach in 1996.
Latcham, a junior college transfer, was 3-0 with four saves in 14 appearances in his lone season at Coastal. He struck out 29 in 25.2 innings, versus just six walks, and posted an impressive 1.05 ERA. Latcham missed 25 of CCU's first 35 games due to injury. However, he pitched eight times in CCU's final 21 games and was 3-0 with two saves and a 1.04 ERA with 22 strikeouts in 17.1 innings pitched.
Gore, who graduated cum laude from Coastal Carolina with a degree in sociology this past month, played his first two seasons at South Carolina before transferring to Coastal. (He sat out the 2016 season at CCU due to NCAA regulations.) Despite having Tommy John surgery in May of 2016, Gore played every inning of the 2017 season and earned second team All-Sun Belt honors. He batted .318 for the season, including an impressive .344 in league play, and made numerous highlight-reel plays at shortstop.
Gore, who is coming off his redshirt junior season, had a career and team-best, 14-game hit streak in 2017 and batted .400 (22-for-55) over the span. One game after the hit streak stopped, Gore proceeded to have an eight-game hit steak as he had a hit in 25 of his last 27 games played. Gore batted .353 over the 27-game span with 20 runs scored, nine doubles and 12 multi-hit games.
Including his two years at South Carolina (81 games; .247 avg.), Gore had a .282 career batting average with 14 doubles and 55 RBI.
Myers finished the year with a .330 average with 44 runs, 70 hits, 11 doubles, a triple, six home runs, 19 walks, just 23 strikeouts in 212 at bats and was 11-of-14 in stolen bases. Overall, Myers had a hit in 44 of his 53 games played this season.
However, Myers closed the season as CCU's hottest hitter as he recorded 15 multi-hit games overs his last 25 contests (including two 4-hit games) and batted .418 (38-for-91) with 14 RBI and 22 runs scored. He closed his career with a 14-game hit streak. In addition to having a hit in 22 of his last 25 games, Myers started 2017 by getting a hit in 20 of his first 24 contests.
Myers played his first two seasons at North Carolina before transferring to Chiploa (Fla.) JC for the 2016 season after suffering a season-ending injury 14 games in to his sophomore campaign with the Tar Heels (ironically breaking his leg after getting a single versus Coastal Carolina in Springs Brooks Stadium).
Including his two years at UNC, Myers has a career batting average of .316 with 83 runs scored, 22 doubles, 7 home runs, 76 RBI, 47 walks, 21 stolen bases and a phenomenal 38 strikeouts in 481 at bats.
Beckwith, an All-American and 2016 NCAA College World Series MVP, will go down as one of the all-time greats in Chanticleer baseball history. The Blythewood native was also the 2016 Touchdown Club of Columbus Male Athlete of the Year, 2016 Big South Pitcher of the Year, 2015-16 Big South Howard Bagwell Male Athlete of the Year, 2016 Gregg Olson Award winner, 2016 first team All-Big South and 2017 second team All-Sun Belt.
Beckwith was 8-2 in his senior season, including a league-best 8-0 record in Sun Belt action with a 2.73 ERA in conference games to rank sixth. He posted a 4.34 ERA for the season. However, his season ERA was inflated after two tough outings early in the year, allowing 15 earned runs in 7.1 innings. However, over his last 17 appearances, Beckwith was 8-1 with a save and a 3.11 ERA over 84.0 innings pitched. Beckwith struck out a career-high 10 batters versus Winthrop and turned in a dominant performance at Sun Belt West Division leader UT Arlington late in the season to help secure CCU's regular-season conference crown.
For his career, Beckwith, who won three games at the 2016 College World Series to lead Coastal to National Championship, ranks among the CCU all-time leaders in:
· Most Ground Outs (1st, 426)
· The Fewest Walks Allowed Per 9 Innings (2nd, 1.91)
· Appearances (4th, 102)
· Wins (4th, 32)
· Innings Pitched (6th, 329.0)
· The Lowest ERA (12th, 2.74)
· Strikeouts (14th, 211)
· Saves (15th, 7)
On the CCU single-season lists, Beck ranks:
· 1st in Wins (15, 2016)
· 3rd Lowest ERA (1.33 in 2014)
· 9th Lowest ERA (1.85 in 2016)
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A drug dealer who shot a suspected rival in the chest at point blank range has been jailed for 25 years.
Incredibly the victim survived after a bullet fired by Chad Greatbatch passed through his chest before lodging under skin on his neck.
Shocking CCTV footage showed the 27-year-old being shot through a car window at car park in Birmingham last July.
When he was arrested four days after the shooting, Greatbatch, 21, was found with a revolver in his car.
He had also used his phone to search where to get his hands on guns, investigators found.
(Image: West Midlands Police)
(Image: West Midlands Police)
The gunman shot the man in a suspected territory dispute on July 10 last year, and was located after police used facial mapping technology to trace him from CCTV images.
The shooting happened as the man sat in a parked car in Selly Oak.
Greatbatch fled the scene, but was arrested by West Midlands Police in Edgbaston.
Doctors said the victim was lucky to be alive after the bullet hit him in the shoulder, travelling through his chest before lodging in his neck.
(Image: West Midlands Police)
Greatbatch had already been handed a six-and-a-half year jail sentence in September last year for possessing a firearm and drugs supply, but detectives were not able to irrefutably show he was the gunman.
However, detectives used facial mapping to show a strong likeness between Greatbatch and the man caught on camera firing the 9mm pistol – and examination of his phone revealed internet searches to source handguns.
Mapping technology also suggested that a car seized from Greatbatch was the same one used to commit the offence.
He initially denied attempted murder but went on to enter a guilty plea, and was sentenced at Birmingham Crown Court today.
(Image: West Midlands Police)
The 25 year sentence will run consecutively to his current jail term, which means he faces more than 30 years behind bars.
Investigating officer, Detective Constable Gareth Johnson, said: “The motive for the shooting is not exactly clear – but it was a targeted attack understood to be connected to drug dealing.
“What is for certain is that the victim had a near miraculous escape: the bullet travelled through his chest yet he managed to get out of the car and run for help.
“Despite coming close to being killed, the victim refused to co-operate with the enquiry – but just because a victim won't talk to us does not mean we can't push for a prosecution and conviction.
“We had Greatbatch in police custody just a few days after the shooting and he has now been taken out of society for a very long time and no longer poses a danger.
“Facial mapping is just one of the tools available to detectives these days and is helping us achieve convictions against dangerous offenders and make sure they can't evade justice.”
Greatbatch has been linked to gang activity in Birmingham, and Detective Chief Inspector Nick Dale said the net is closing in on people linked to organised crime in the south of the city.
He said: “There's been a series of high-profile incidents this year that have understandably caused concern in the community. It is unacceptable people are being made to feel fearful in their communities…we understand those concerns and have taken action.
“Our enquiries have identified a number of people we suspect are aligning themselves with gangs…rest assured we will be taking strong action against these individuals that could see them put before the courts and potentially jailed.
“The public are our eyes and ears on the ground; if you suspect anyone is involved in gang related crime or anti-social behaviour then please contact us in confidence so we can take action.”
Martinez said existing liquor stores could adapt, physically wall off two sides and create separate entrances.
The Alberta Medical Association declined comment Thursday, but has made it clear it strongly disagrees with setting the legal age at 18 instead of 21.
"Legalizing recreational cannabis at an age of 18 knowing the clear effects on the developing brain and higher risk of addiction at younger ages is inappropriate," the association said in previous written submissions. "It sends a message that there is no increase in risk and harm to youth, which is clearly incorrect."
Ganley has said 18 makes sense because it's better to have young people get marijuana over the counter than from a drug dealer.
The federal government won't allow the sale of cannabis-laced edible products until it develops regulatory oversight to dictate things such as serving sizes, potency and health warnings.
The state of Colorado legalized marijuana use in 2012 and has seen a rise in accidental ingestion and poisonings among children.
Kathy Belton of the Injury Prevention Centre at the University of Alberta said she wants to see more information on how governments plan to keep kids safe.
"The age limit is not what is shown to be best practice, but I understand why the province chose 18 years," said Belton in an email.
"The more distressing point is the lack of detail about the consumer education program."
Ganley is also promising tougher rules on enforcement before next July.
Calgary police chief Roger Chaffin, acting head of the Alberta Association of Chiefs of Police, says officers will face a complex challenge when marijuana goes from being a black and white issue to multiple shades of grey.
For example, any adult caught with 30 grams of marijuana will be within the law — but 30.5 grams is not.
"One more joint went from being legal to being illegal," said Chaffin.
"That's where we continue to work with the government … to make sure we have a consistent approach for how we will manage those things. Do they become criminal matters? Are they matters that are going to handle under provincial legislation? These things are not yet answered."
By Dean Bennett, The Canadian Press
After Bryan Colangelo left the Toronto Raptors five years ago, he vanished. Not from life — he still lived in Yorkville, still watched his son play high school basketball, was occasionally glimpsed having a drink with someone from the basketball world. But in terms of public events, in places NBA people were seen, he wasn't there. When he appeared at an MLSE party at all-star weekend in 2016, his reappearance was noted. He had, after all, experienced a near-death career exile. He looked good. People were looking at Colangelo differently Wednesday, after a story by Ben Detrick on the website The Ringer that, if you are one of the lucky folks who do not live online, requires some explanation. Essentially, five anonymous, so-called burner accounts on Twitter seem linked to Colangelo, the Philadelphia 76ers president of basketball operations. Burner accounts are just ways to lurk, to listen in or shout, or to sway a Presidential election to destroy the global order if everything goes well.
Sixers executive Bryan Colangelo is denying a report connecting him to Twitter accounts that criticized Sixers players Joel Embiid and Markelle Fultz, among other NBA figures. ( Matt Rourke / The Associated Press )
These burner accounts appear to fit a pattern. Obsessed with the Sixers, and to a lesser extent, the Raptors. They follow people connected to Colangelo's life. They criticized Raptors president Masai Ujiri, and Colangelo's 76ers predecessor, Sam Hinkie. They slammed Sixers players, from superstar Joel Embiid to No. 1 pick Markelle Fultz. And they disclosed potentially sensitive medical information about then-Sixers like Jahlil Okafor. They defended Colangelo. They knew something. A lot, even. Colangelo admitted to operating only the most anodyne of the five accounts; he has denied knowledge of the rest. Some of it is hard to explain away. When The Ringer asked the 76ers about two of the five accounts, and only two, the other three went private on the same day. Colangelo was also said to be obsessed with Ujiri, whom he hired as an assistant GM before Ujiri displaced him in 2013. So Embiid, the first truly online sports superstar, spent Tuesday night roasting his boss on Twitter. The team has announced an internal investigation. As Embiid told ESPN's Adrian Wojnarowski, “I talked to him and he said that he didn't say that. He called me just to deny the story. Gotta believe him until proven otherwise. If true though, that would be really bad.”
Article Continued Below
Friends and colleagues of Colangelo expressed disbelief that it could be him. He would not take risks like that; he would not call Ujiri, whom he hired to work for the Raptors, a “trust fund baby” living off Colangelo's decisions; especially not when he was the son of one of the true titan executives and owners in the NBA, Jerry Colangelo. Defending his own famously high collars? Occasionally mangled English? As one source who knows Colangelo well said, “It's close to what he says, but he wouldn't say some of that stuff.” Even in off-the-record, late-night conversations with friends during his exile, Colangelo never slammed Ujiri. The counterpoint was that in Toronto and Phoenix, Colangelo was both someone who evinced outward confidence and who held a deep insecurity. At summer league in Las Vegas, a media member once pointed out to Colangelo that he had a spot of mustard on a golf shirt; Colangelo would half-jokingly bring it up for months. Some staffers said he had a Google alert set for his own name, so anything written would pop up in his inbox. They said Bryan didn't just read the coverage: he obsessed over the comments, too. The No. 1 rule of the internet, of course, is Don't Read The Comments. But Colangelo's security, according to people who know him well, stems back to his father. Jerry is said to have been unfailingly supportive and proud, but Bryan has tried to escape that shadow anyway. As a friend said, it's Bryan “feeling like he's chasing a ghost he will never catch.” So if Colangelo was going to do it, that was why. Because Toronto took off after he left, and the cult of Sam Hinkie still lingers in Philadelphia, and because the anonymity of Twitter would have given him the first chance in his life to talk back at critics, to let it all out. Executives in every sport privately trash players and coaches and rivals. Just not in public. Wednesday night, several Sixers fan accounts sleuthed something: the phone number associated with three of the accounts ended in 91, and while that wasn't Colangelo's number, it appeared to match the phone number of his wife, Barbara Bottini, as evidenced from a memo from the time she was the head of the Parents' Organization at Upper Canada College. One league source close to the situation had said they were 99.9 per cent sure it wasn't him. Well.
She has always been a big part of his career, and she would have been there when he was sidelined, cast into limbo, afraid his career — his reason for being, in a lot of ways — was over. She would have known how much he needed to succeed, and needed to be seen to succeed. Roger Goodell's wife secretly defended him on Twitter. Colangelo's wife appears to have done the same. The fact that the accounts went dark — well, it seems like he must have known. So in a league where an MVP, Kevin Durant, used a burner account to defend himself, it's a most NBA scandal, a most 2018 scandal, in a world where the Internet breaks more and more brains. It's the strangest, funniest, craziest sports league in the world, where a scandal can be otherworldly, and so strangely, sadly human.
Read more about:
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Community leaders in Nailsea and Backwell are to join forces - to challenge a planning blueprint setting out where thousands of new homes will be built in the area over the next 20 years.
Nailsea Town Council and Backwell Parish Council have agreed to consider taking a joint approach on questioning the Joint Spatial Plan (JSP) which details where new homes will be built up until 2036.
The plan - which has now been submitted to the Government - has been put together by the four West of England authorities.
A total of 102,000 homes, along with associated infrastructure including new roads and community facilities, are planned across the region over the next 20 years.
'Special' green fields on outskirts of Bristol saved from development following ruling by Secretary of State
The plan has earmarked up to 3,300 new homes on the south western fringes of Nailsea.
The scheme would see a large swathe of land between the rugby club and the edge of Nailsea Moor swallowed up by housing.
The plan also includes a new local centre, new employment provision, four new primary schools and a new secondary school.
A new road link is also being proposed which would connect junction 20 of the M5 at Clevedon to the A370 Long Ashton Bypass.
The scheme would see the population of Nailsea increase by a staggering 50 per cent over the next two decades.
Several hundred homes are also being planned on land at Grove Farm on the western outskirts of Backwell.
Nailsea councillors say that new homes are needed in the town but in the correct location.
Instead they want to see development wrapped around the town and are calling for a green belt review to open up land to allow it.
Human circle of 600 protesters formed around Backwell Lake over 'devastating' road and housing plans
In Backwell, parish leaders say the development on agricultural land is unsustainable and will put additional pressure on local infrastructure and services.
Villagers are also concerned about the detrimental impact the new link road – which would pass next to Backwell Lake – would have on the wildlife rich beauty spot.
(Image: Matt Willis Photography)
Both councils are also keen to see the green buffer between the two communities protected in the planning blueprint.
Now both councils are considering funding a planning consultant to challenge aspects of the JSP.
Concerns for future of rare wildflower meadow after site is sold to new owners
Nailsea Town Council clerk Ian Morrell said councillors were keen to see the issue of housing numbers and the location of new developments kept as separate issues.
Mr Morrell said: "We do want to see housing growth in Nailsea but based on a rational plan.
“Nailsea and Backwell want to be constructive regarding the JSP process. We want to engage in the planning process to try and do our best for our local communities.
Campaigners write open letter over 'horrifying' plans for 2,800 new homes and M5 junction in North Somerset
“We want to challenge some of the fundamental assumptions ahout site allocations and the necessary infrastructure in the JSP.
“At the moment the JSP does not suit either of our communities. The infrastructure is not in place and the details have not been properly thought through.
“There needs to be further consultation on where these houses should go.
“We are in discussions with Backwell Parish Council about jointly employing a planning consultant to put forward these arguments.”
The plan is currently with the Government.
It will then be examined in public by an independent planning inspector, who will then make a report back to the local authorities, which may include proposed amendments.
Once satisfied that the plan meets all planning rules and laws, the four councils must adopt it, giving it statutory authority.
At that point the approved JSP would sit above and guide the review of the councils' own local plans.
Cavani will have to "destroy science" to face France - Rami
Omnisport FOLLOW NEWS News 249 // 04 Jul 2018, 23:29 IST SHARE Share Options × Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Reddit Google+ Email
Uruguay striker Edinson Cavani
Edinson Cavani will have to "destroy science" if he is to feature for Uruguay in their World Cup quarter-final against France, according to Adil Rami.
After scoring twice in the 2-1 victory over Portugal in the last 16, Cavani limped off late in the second half, with Uruguay subsequently confirming that the Paris Saint-Germain forward had sustained a hamstring injury.
Cavani sat out training on Wednesday and does not seem likely to face France in Nizhny Novgorod, and Marseille defender Rami does not believe Didier Deschamps' side will have to be concerned with facing the 31-year-old.
"Unfortunately, one man's loss is another man's gain," Rami said.
"We're talking about Edinson Cavani, one of the world's best strikers and he's been on form during this tournament, so I think it's not bad for us that he's injured.
"I had the same kind of injury and it took time, I tried to defy medical science, and it wasn't easy. So if he plays against us, he'll have destroyed science, so stop making us believe that he'll play against us."
France and Uruguay go head to head in the first of two quarter-finals on Friday, with the winner set to go up against either Brazil or Belgium in the last four.
Menlo Park community emergency drill set for June 24 at Fremont Park
Would you like you and your family to be better prepared for an emergency? The City of Menlo Park, the Menlo Park Fire Department, the Menlo Park Police Department, and CERT (Community Emergency Response Team) will be hosting an emergency drill on Saturday, June 24 from 8:00 am to 1:00 pm at Fremont Park. The objective of the drill is to prepare Menlo Park residents in case of a disaster and to improve collaboration between the City, first responders and volunteers during a major emergency.
This will be a live demonstration for the community to see first-hand how Menlo Park's first responders operate in a major disaster. Fremont Park will be transformed into a working emergency headquarters with a command post set-up, radio center, and medical triage. CERT members will operate an emergency response, reconnaissance, and light search and rescue of the nearby neighborhoods.
An information booth will be available for you to ask questions and learn more about CERT, volunteer opportunities and free classes.
For further information, visit menlofirecert.com or contact Tom Prussing (tprussing@gmail.com) or Michael Ralston (mralston@menlofire.org).
All suspects are considered innocent until proven guilty in a court of law.
——————————————
Leonard Erick Green Jr., 24, Hays, was arrested at 6:48 p.m. Aug. 4 in the 2800 block of Indian Trail on suspicion of drug possession and possession of drug paraphernalia.
Autumn Lynn Hindman, 24, Hays, was arrested at 6:49 p.m. Aug. 4 in the 2800 block of Indian Trail on suspicion of drug possession and possession of drug paraphernalia.
Sean Thomas Aldridge, 21, Hays, was arrested at 3:27 p.m. Aug. 3 in the 800 block of Vine on suspicion of failure to appear.
Donald Allen Fischer, 65, Hays, was arrested at 2:23 a.m. Aug. 6 in the 100 block of East Seventh on suspicion of disorderly conduct.
Chad Michael Haynes, 33, Hays, was arrested at 2:23 a.m. Aug. 6 in the 100 block of East Seventh on suspicion of disorderly conduct.
Christian Allison Kearns, 44, Hays, was arrested at 12:04 p.m. Aug. 6 in the 2700 block of Hall on suspicion of possession of stolen property.
Amari Branden Terrell Angram, 19, Hays, as arrested at 4:55 p.m. Aug. 5 in the 100 block of West 43rd on suspicion of theft.
Rex Shawn Roberts Jr., 19, Hays, was arrested at 7:35 p.m. Aug. 5 in the 200 block of East 11th on suspicion of drug possession and possession of drug paraphernalia.
Quincy Joseph Robben, 25, Victoria, was arrested at 2:03 a.m. Aug. 5 in the 200 block of West 10th on suspicion of failure to appear.
Michael Andrew Raymer, 20, Great Bend, was arrested at 2:03 a.m. Aug. 5 in the 3400 block of Vine on suspicion of drug possession, possession of drug paraphernalia and driving under the influence of drugs.
“In Dubai, we will not forego formative assessment and best practices such as unit tests. Instead, we intend to integrate it into a new system. For grade 10, there will be more academic pressure. But we are confident that students will be able to handle it because we insist on deep learning of concepts. For other grades, we intend to only the tweak the current system a little to ensure that students are well prepared for the cumulative exams.”
The revised assessment pattern is a welcome change, said Michael Guzder, vice-president, Indian Schools with GEMS Education, and executive principal of The Millennium School. “The principals of all GEMS schools following the CBSE curriculum have met and put together a plan of action which will ensure a smooth transition from the CCE pattern to the end of year examination pattern. Schools have been amply supported by the Board in the past and we are sure we will receive support through timely updates on the new assessment pattern.” “The new pattern will be shared and explained in detail to all stakeholders and pupils. Practice will definitely make them perfect as the new assessment pattern will require pupils to be systematic and work hard with their academics," said Gudzer. Teachers will be trained on how to translate the new requirement in teaching and learning without compromising on the personalised learning and differentiated instruction. Schools will ensure that the written examination will have a balance between content assessment and understanding and application of skills,” Gudzer added. Sheena Beas, an English teacher and mother of two, too felt there will be more pressure on the children for concentrating on the content. However, she welcomed the move. “As a parent and a teacher, I welcome the change because I have always felt that the purpose of the whole exercise [CCE] was not fulfilled. The tasks many a time are not very challenging for students. Now they can concentrate more on the final exams for better grades and better understanding of the subject.” Parents like Anu Cherish are however concerned about the new system putting more pressure on children. “The lifestyle of the society, especially in the case of the expat children, is different from what we had in our childhood. They don't get plenty of time like we did. I think it is going to be difficult for them to study the entire portion for the annual exam.” More from Education Seven initiatives for Arab youth launched
New CBSE system will pose hurdles: Educators
‘Jobless youth recipe for instability'
Old crafts being taught to children
One man is dead following a crash between a garbage truck and another vehicle.
It happened on Thursday, Oct. 5 at the intersection of Crystal Road and McBride Road in Montcalm County's Ferris Township.
Michigan State Police report that a Waste Management truck driven by Joshua Vanspyker, 31, of Hudsonville, was eastbound on McBride.
A GMC Sierra pick-up truck driven by 42-year-old Wayne Lorentz from Holly was traveling north on Crystal Road, and when he entered the intersection he was hit by the eastbound garbage truck.
Lorentz was killed. The driver of the garbage truck was not hurt.
Both drivers were wearing seatbelts and alcohol is not believed to be a factor.
The investigation continues.
Copyright 2017 WNEM (Meredith Corporation). All rights reserved.
Get politics updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
It's been 70 years since the NHS came into being and it's been providing free at point of use healthcare ever since.
The NHS has grown since it's noble beginnings and is now the UK's largest employer, with over 1.5 million staff from all over the world and more than 350 different careers.
It runs on a budget of £126.3bn (2018-19) providing reassurance, care and much needed services.
With celebrations running this week to mark the big milestone for NHS70 we've taken a look back at it's beginnings.
Why was the NHS created?
Before we had the NHS people had to pay for their healthcare. Apart from a few voluntary hospitals, hospitals charged patients for the care they received.
Most people agreed before WW2 that health insurance should cover dependants of the wage-earner and that local hospitals and voluntary hospitals should merge.
Then a 1944 white paper proposed local authorities controlled voluntary hospitals.
When Labour came to power in 1945 Bevan thought the local authorities were too small to manage hospitals - instead he created a new hospital service bringing it all under one banner.
In his book, In Place of Fear, Bevan stated: “Society becomes more wholesome, more serene, and spiritually healthier, if it knows that its citizens have at the back of their consciousness the knowledge that not only themselves, but all their fellows, have access, when ill, to the best that medical skill can provide.”
The NHS in England and Wales was created by the National Health Service Act 1946.
The National Health Service Bill passed through the House of Commons easily, despite Tory opposition, at second reading on 2 May 1946 by 359 votes to 172.
Reflecting on the impact of the NHS, Bevan said: “I believe it will lift the shadow from millions of homes.”
Timeline
July 5, 1948 – the NHS was launched by Health Secretary Aneurin Bevan at Park Hospital in Manchester – it's now called the Trafford General Hospital.
1952 - Prescription charges introduced
1953 DNA structure revealed
1958 – Polio and diphtheria vaccinations programme was launched
1960 – first UK kidney transplant took place at Edinburgh Royal Infirmary
1961 - The Pill made available
1967 - Abortion Act
1968 - First NHS heart transplant
1972 - CT scans introduced
1978 – World's first test-tube baby, Louise Brown, is born
1979 – first successful bone marrow transplant on a child takes place
1986 – first Aids health campaign
1987 - Professor Sir Roy Calne and Professor John Wallwork carry out the world's first liver, heart and lung transplant at Papworth Hospital in Cambridge
1988 – breast screening was introduced
1991 - NHS trusts established
1994 - Organ donor register set up
2002 –first successful gene therapy
2012 – first person in the UK gets a hand transplant
S.C. Lawmakers React to Alexandria, V.A. Shooting
COLUMBIA, S.C. (WOLO)- Although a gunman shot at congressmen in Alexandria, Virginia the effects of the shooting are resonating here at home in South Carolina.
Congressman Jeff Duncan says he is shaken up after he believes he spoke to the gunman just moments before he opened fire on his colleagues.
“The world changed a little bit for us as members,” Duncan told members of the press Wednesday.
Duncan represents South Carolina's third district, covering more than 10 counties in the western portion of the state.
Duncan said he was leaving practice this morning when a man approached his car.
“I did have an interaction with someone in the parking lot who asked me if the team practicing was a Democrat or Republican team. I told him they were republicans. He said ‘k, thanks' and turned around. I got in the car and left. I found out that my republican colleagues were targeted by an active shooter,” said Duncan.
Now Duncan is asking the community to pray for his teammates. Other South Carolina politicians are doing the same.
U.N. Ambassador Nikki Haley writes: “Please join us in prayer for those injured this morning in Virginia. This was a senseless act that challenges the values of America. Violence is never the answer.”
Senator Lindsey Graham showing gratitude in his post saying: “A hearty thank you to the US capitol police for the job they do in protecting members, staff and visitors each and every day.”
ABC News sources say Duncan was playing shortstop before he left practice. If he remained on the field, he could have been directly in the line of fire, just feet away from second base where Congressman Scalise was hit by gunfire.
The 60 MMTPA west coast refinery-cum-petrochemicals complex will be built at an estimated cost of $40 billion, and is expected to be commissioned by 2022. Photo: Reuters
New Delhi: India's three public sector oil companies—Indian Oil Corp. Ltd (IOC), Bharat Petroleum Corp. Ltd (BPCL) and Hindustan Petroleum Corp. Ltd (HPCL)—on Wednesday signed an agreement to build one of the world's largest integrated refinery-cum-petrochemicals complexes in Ratnagiri district of Maharashtra.
The 60 million metric tonnes per annum (MMTPA) west coast refinery-cum-petrochemicals complex will be built at an estimated cost of $40 billion, and is expected to be commissioned by the year 2022.
“It will be a green refinery comprising 50 units designed to operate at the highest level of efficiency, and will be self-sufficient in power and utilities requirements, besides creating a benchmark in environment management,” said an official statement.
According to the statement, the refinery is designed to produce Euro-VI and above-grade transportation fuels and will have in-built flexibility for processing a wide spectrum of light and heavy crude oil grades, utilizing various blending techniques.
“It will also be able to produce on-demand product mix of petrol and diesel streams, as well as other refined products and petrochemical streams with the highest level of integration and energy efficiency,” the statement added.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Dedicated ballet dancer Joyce Harper is still teaching at the age of 97 – in the same dance hall she set up 72 years ago.
Joyce Harper has taught generations of aspiring ballerinas at the school she set up in 1946.
She still takes lessons twice a week to dancers ranging from two to 16 years old, and says that the dance school is what “keeps her alive”.
Joyce, from Henleaze, was given an MBE for services to dance in 2011, presented by Princess Anne.
Joyce, known by her students as Miss Harper, has never been married, and says she thinks of her students as her family.
She said: “I have taught ballet to generations of children.
‘‘I've seen some right through from when they were little ones, and then see them coming back with their own children and grandchildren.
“That's what makes it interesting. I think of them as my family – and the hall is like my second home. I do spend a lot of my time here.
“I don't know what I would do with myself if I stopped teaching there.
It keeps me going, it keeps me interested.”
Her fellow teachers at Henleaze School of Dance describe Joyce as an “amazing woman” and say that “dance is her life”.
“I think she'll still be going when she's 100. I think if she gave up now it would be the finish of her. She loves it so much,” said Anne Choules, 79, who has been assisting Joyce at the school for 20 years.
Joyce founded Henleaze School of Dance, in St Peter's Hall, when she was just 26 years old.
But the devoted ballet teacher said that she did not start ballet “seriously” until just the year before, at the age of 25.
Joyce said: “I learnt as a child, but it was never particularly serious.
“It wasn't until after the war that I thought I would love to teach, and so I went and took my exams and set up the dance school in 1946.”
During the war, Joyce worked in the civil service as part of the Telephone Management Office.
However, she found ballet was her true calling – and to this day teaches approximately 50 children at the dance school.
Joyce takes five hours of classes each Tuesday afternoon, and two hours of classes on a Thursday evening, teaching children from pre- school age all the way up to their mid-teens.
And despite an accident four years ago in which Joyce broke her thigh bone and her arm, the knowledgeable teacher still commands the attention of her students – who all clearly love her.
Joyce said: “I'm not as active as
I used to be, since I had the accident. I can't move around the room like
I used to.
‘‘But I'm OK with the barre work, and the arm movements and so on.”
Rosemary Carrington, 59, who teaches alongside Joyce, said: “She's amazing. She's got the mindset of a dancer – never give in.
“Even when she had her accident in June 2014 – she was back in the studio in September.
“Mentally, she's still all there. She's so active. We all love her.”
Her eldest students, 16-year-olds Sasha Kay, Elle Radford, Niamh
Harvey-Kelly and Felicity Ellis, have been taught by Joyce since they started at three years old.
She has taught them everything they know – and they all say they love coming to ballet classes.
FORD COUNTY – One person was injured in a 3-vehicle accident just after 4p.m. on Tuesday in Ford County.
The Kansas Highway Patrol reported a 2016 Dodge Ram pickup driven by Jessee Stickell, 51, Pottsville, PA., was northbound on U.S. 56 just south of U.S. 400.
As the pickup approached the intersection at Lariat Way, a 2001 Cadillac DeVille driven by Jose G. Soto-Gonzalez, 30, Dodge City, attempted to cross U.S. 56 from Lariat Way.
The Dodge collided with the Cadillac and rolled into the northeast ditch. The Cadillac spun around and hit a USD 443 school bus driven by Wade S. Hampton, 64, Dodge City, that was stopped on Lariat Way headed west bound on U.S. 56.
Stickel was transported to Western Plains Medical Center.
Soto-Gonzalez, Hampton and 9 children on the school bus were not injured.
The drivers were properly restrained at the time of the accident, according to the KHP.
RENTON, Wash. (AP) — Outspoken Seattle Seahawks defensive end Michael Bennett has been a supporter of Colin Kaepernick this offseason in his attempt to land a job in the NFL.
Even Bennett's support wasn't enough for his team to sign Kaepernick. But the fact the Seahawks brought Kaepernick in for a visit was worthy of acknowledgement considering the silence he's received from the rest of the NFL, Bennett said.
“I don't know what the factors were in (why) the Seahawks didn't sign him,” Bennett said. “I know the Seahawks were the only team to step up and give him an opportunity to do a (visit). That says a lot about the organization. I think our organization is built a lot around community.
“If you look at the way the Seahawks move, if you look at the way our team moves, if you look at the people that work in the building this organization is built around community. I'm not surprised that the Seahawks were one to look at Kaepernick and give him an opportunity even to try out.”
Advertisement
Bennett was in full support of his franchise on Wednesday during the second day of Seattle's minicamp, from his praise for considering Kaepernick to coach Pete Carroll's reasoning why the Seahawks didn't sign the quarterback.
“If he feels that this is not the right situation because we have a starting quarterback, then that's his choice,” Bennett said. “I think he's able to have that choice because he's shown that he's of a winning pedigree. He wants to make sure he doesn't have that competition behind his quarterback, I think it's justifiable.”
Bennett skipped Seattle's OTAs earlier in the offseason, working out on his own and spending time with his family, but didn't want to risk any fines for missing the mandatory minicamp. Bennett also said Wednesday he's been in contact with Kaepernick through the offseason in an attempt to help the former San Francisco quarterback with some of his initiatives.
Never one to hold back an opinion, Bennett said there is no logical explanation for why Kaepernick doesn't have a job at this point.
“There is obviously the elephant in the room why Kaepernick isn't signed,” Bennett said. “I've said this several times and I'm not afraid to say it, I think race in politics and sports is something that people don't want to hear about, nor do people want to be a part of.
“I think if you bring the issue of oppressed people onto a stage where there are millions of fans watching, bring up dirty little secrets, I think a lot of people don't want to hear that. People just want to see people score touchdowns and make big hits.”
___
For more NFL coverage: http://www.pro32.ap.org and http://www.twitter.com/AP_NFL
Djokovic: Serena is the greatest female athlete of all time
Novak Djokovic is inspired by the efforts of Serena Williams after the 23-time grand slam champion made her return at the French Open.
Omnisport NEWS News 30 May 2018, 21:12 IST 45 Share Options × Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Reddit Google+ Email
Serena Williams in action at the French Open
Serena Williams is the greatest female athlete of all time, according to Novak Djokovic.
The 23-time grand slam champion returned to action on Tuesday at the French Open, her first major since giving birth last September.
Williams beat Krystina Pliskova 7-6 (7-4) 6-4 to move into the second round of the women's draw, setting up a clash with Ashleigh Barty.
Her display brought plenty of praise from fellow players, with Djokovic adding his voice to them following a hard-fought 7-6 (7-1) 6-4 6-4 win over Jaume Munar.
"I love Serena," he told reporters. "All the superlatives and beautiful words that you can think of, she deserves it.
"Especially now, after she gave birth to Olympia and after all she has achieved in sport to see her back and putting [in] hours on the court and work, again and again."
That time I met @djokernole you know my ole pal https://t.co/vl6mIJQ54Z pic.twitter.com/rHW0CL5jOd — Olympia Ohanian (@OlympiaOhanian) May 26, 2018
He added: "What a woman has to go through with the pregnancy and birth and then everything after that; I'm sorry to all the guys, but it's much more difficult for a woman.
"So that's why it makes it even more impressive when they make a comeback, and especially Serena after all she has done. We cannot forget about that.
"It's not like she never won a slam and then now she wants to come back because she has something to achieve from that perspective.
"She has won what, 23? She's the greatest female athlete of all time, probably, and she keeps on coming back and inspiring everyone.
"She uses tennis as a platform to do good things, and that's why she's back. You can see how much she loves it."
Williams picked up her second win as many days on Wednesday, this time in the women's doubles alongside her sister Venus as they beat 14th seeds Shuko Aoyama and Miyu Kato 4-6 6-4 6-1.
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Redrow Homes is opening the doors of the show homes at its Frenchay Park development for the first time today.
The public can drop in to view the newly unveiled three and four-bedroom show homes every day from 10am to 5.30pm, with Redrow staff on hand to answer queries.
Located on the site of the former Frenchay Hospital, the housebuilder is currently constructing and selling the first phase of its Frenchay Park development, which consists of 89 properties.
The show homes are on Sinatra Way, a street named in memory of Frank Sinatra's now legendary visit to Frenchay Hospital in 1953 – an event that is still fondly remembered among many Bristolians.
“Frenchay Park is a beautiful development so we're really excited to welcome people into the show homes so they can get a feel for these new homes for themselves,” Charlotte Newnes, area sales manager for Redrow South West, explained.
Two-bedroom homes are currently available from £287,995, with three-bedroom homes from £369,995 and four-bedroom homes from £449,995.
Located six miles from Bristol city centre, the homes are just a couple of minutes' drive from the M32 and M4.
The development will be made up of Redrow Heritage homes which take their design inspiration from the arts and crafts movement of the 1920s and 30s, with comfortable spacious interiors suited to contemporary family life.
They will feature top-range appliances by respected brands such as AEG and Siemens. The properties will also be very energy efficient, offering a 35 percent improvement over homes built just 10 years ago, with the capacity to reduce fuel bills by more than £550 per year.
Redrow Homes has also released their plans for the surrounding land, which include tennis courts, a cricket pitch and even petanque and croquet greens.
The area will also boast a children's play area, allotments, a pond and a carefully managed woodland.
“We're committed to creating sustainable communities which bring benefits to local residents and Frenchay is a great example of this,” Charlotte continued.
“The Frenchay development is a wonderful place to live and will only get better as it nears completion.”
To find out more about the development, visit redrow.co.uk or call the team on 0117 3360904.
OAKVILLE, Ont. Restaurant Brands International Inc. announced a plan to improve customer experience and improve sales at its Tim Hortons operations as it reported better-than-expected financial results, despite what it called soft results at the coffee shop chain.
Details of the plan were not immediately available, but chief executive Daniel Schwartz says he believed the "Winning Together" plan would help improve profitability for the company's restaurant owners.
Restaurant Brands has been feuding with a group of its Tim Hortons franchisee owners over a number of items including cost-cutting measures, cash register outages and a $700-million renovation plan to spruce up its restaurants.
The company, which keeps its books in U.S. dollars, earned US$147.8 million or 59 cents per diluted share for the quarter ended March 31.
Delivered daily The Morning Headlines Newsletter Subscribe
The Toronto Star and thestar.com, each property of Toronto Star Newspapers Limited, One Yonge Street, 4th Floor, Toronto, ON, M5E 1E6. You can unsubscribe at any time. Please contact us or see our privacy policy for more information.
LAS VEGAS — Don Cherry put NHL commissioner Gary Bettman on the spot about expanding the league back into Quebec City.
Cherry and co-host Ron McLean were speaking during their Coach's Corner segment on Wednesday night during the first intermission of Game 2 of the Stanley Cup final between the Washington Capitals and the expansion Vegas Golden Knights. Bettman was standing nearby and the Hockey Night in Canada commentators invited him to step in front of the camera.
"Gary, what I have to say to you here is: Quebec is unbelievable to me," said Cherry. "There's never been a rivalry in hockey or any sport like Quebec and Montreal. I think they've been very good, they've been keeping their mouths shut. They have not been saying a word."
The Quebec Nordiques entered the NHL in 1979 as part of the World Hockey Association's merger with the league. After struggling through their first season in the NHL, the Nordiques improved and began a fierce rivalry with the Montreal Canadiens. In 1995 the team relocated to Denver and became the Colorado Avalanche.
In 2015 a bid was made for Quebec City to earn a new expansion team. Buoyed by the completion of the Videotron Centre that year, the Quebec City bid was deferred until a later date. The 18,259-seat arena has hosted several pre-season NHL games.
"They had 18,000 people in there, they have a brand-new building, they're ready to go, I think it's fantastic," said Cherry before McLean coaxed Bettman in front of the camera. "What do you say? I think they deserve it. They really do."
Addressing Bettman, McLean explained that although Cherry supported expansion into Quebec, Boston Bruins owner Jeremy Jacobs had recently voiced his misgivings about a team in Quebec City.
"A lot of issues, logistical and otherwise," said Bettman in response to McLean. "Mr. Jacobs expressed an opinion of some skepticism, but we're not in a process right now and he has one vote."
Cherry re-stated his case for a return to Quebec City in reply before Bettman leaned over to McLean and said "I think (Cherry) his popularity just went up in Quebec."
By The Canadian Press
OFFICIAL: Barcelona complete signing of Brazilian star
Barcelona have finally completed the signing of their long term target
@ashw77 by Ashwin Hanagudu News 14 Aug 2017, 11:00 IST
Valverde will be hoping that Paulinho is just one among the many arrivals before the transfer window ends
What's the story?
There has been a pressing need for Barcelona to strengthen their midfield and it seems like the Catalan giants have taken their first step towards that by signing former Tottenham star Paulinho. The combative Brazilian midfielder had long been linked with a move to Barcelona and Guangzhou Evergrande coach Luis Felipe Scolari confirmed the switch:
"Paulinho is a player with high individual quality, he is an outstanding player, both for his club and for the national team,"
"The high price paid by Barcelona in order to sign him is a strong recognition of Guangzhou Evergrande Football Club. We wish him all the best and that he can embrace a bright future."
Barcelona activated Paulinho's release clause of €40 million, after the two clubs failed to reach an agreement over a transfer fee.
Also read: Barcelona buying Paulinho a boost for CSL, says Villas-Boas
In case you didn't know...
Paulinho will be hoping to settle in quickly at Barcelona
The 29-year-old Brazilian joined Guangzhou Evergrande after a disappointing two-year spell at Premier League side Tottenham. However, he soon rediscovered his form and was an integral part of the team as they won back-to-back League titles and even claimed the Asian Champions League.
His impressive form even earned him a recall to the Brazil national team and now Barcelona think that the all action displays of Paulinho can certainly add an extra dimension to their jaded midfield this season.
The heart of the matter
Barcelona have not had a good transfer window so far. After losing out on Neymar for a world record fee of €222 million, the Blaugrana have struggled to make signings and get in fresh faces to the club.
However, with the signing of Paulinho, Valverde and the Barcelona board will be hoping that he is just one among many other arrivals before the transfer window ends. Paulinho could be used as an alternative to Sergio Busquets or even Andre Gomes and his skill and never say die attitude will definitely add some steel to the Barça midfield.
Also read: Barcelona target Dembele's Dortmund suspension to remain in place indefinitely
Video
Author's take
While Barcelona is on the lookout for Neymar replacements, the signing of Paulinho could prove to be important in the bigger scheme of things. The arrival of Matic seems to have really gelled the Manchester United squad together and Valverde will be hoping that Paulinho will have a similar effect at the Camp Nou.
Klein Constantia | “Vin de Constance” 2013
(Constantia, South Africa) $95 (500ml)
It's hard to express just how devastatingly good—drop dead gorgeous—this wine is. A sweeping uplift of flavor that explodes in the mind. As if every pear, apricot and orange in the world were reduced to atomic density. The key to a great sweet wine is an underlying sculpture of fresh acidity, so that the wine has energy. Unlike, say, most Sauternes, Vin de Constance is not unctuous. It's a brilliant whirlwind that you should drink by itself some wonderful evening before dinner—which is how it has been drunk for centuries. Founded in 1685, Constantia is South Africa's most famous winery. (13.5%)
98 points KM
Available at Cape Ardor
But only part of the newsroom hears from an especially vicious type of person: the misogynistic troll.
This is the troll that is drawn out by female bylines and whose messages usually read like a disturbing Mad Lib:
Dear (slur for female body part or word for female dog). You're a (slur for female body part or word for a female dog). I hope you (horrible violent act). (Verb) my (male body part).
The scariest ones take it further and scrutinize photos, so they can highlight flaws. These can be related to hair, skin, teeth, weight, the shapes of someone's eyes. I know because I recently asked some of my female colleagues to send me some they had received. Minutes later my inbox was filled with vitriol.
"If your boyfriend/husband/father hasn't beaten the [expletive] out of you, then they've done you wrong," read one.
"Do the world a favour [slur for female body part], and eat a bullet!" read another.
One of the only printable ones read, "You should go get married, obey your husband, and make babies."
I try to respond to most emails sent to me, even the ones that contain racist sentiments because on occasion, when people receive a respectful reply, they realize a person is on the other end and suddenly act human again. I also believe hearing other perspectives make us all more informed, and for that reason, I have never Facebook banished anyone for a political post.
Without exception though, I immediately delete the misogynistic messages. But even after they are gone, I find myself thinking about them for way too long, and I am always nagged by the same question: What would their mothers think?
I am raising two boys and I ask them often, "What is something kind you did today?" I would want to know if ever they spoke to a woman the way these men do. I know from talking to my colleagues that some of these messages have driven them to tears, ruined vacations and even pushed them to get cosmetic work.
And so, here was my idea for the column that you will not read. I planned to ask a few female journalists for the emails that struck them the hardest. I would then try to reach out to these men to see if they stood by their words enough to let me talk to their moms. If they said no, that in itself would be revealing. But if even one was bold or stubborn enough to say yes, it could lead to a potentially enlightening encounter.
The reason you will not read that piece any time soon is because my mama didn't raise a fool. To find that one man open enough to let me speak to his mother, I would have to invite the anger of others who don't want to be exposed and the shooting at the Annapolis newspaper showed us the danger in that. There, a troll who harassed a woman and blamed a newspaper for printing the truth became a killer. He went from using words to a gun. And now, police officers stand guard in front of other newsrooms, and people who spend way too many hours working, eating meals at their desks, worry about what it is they are guarding against.
There may come a time when I can do that column, but it is not now, when the country's highest authority has described the media as an "enemy of the public" and his wife wears a jacket with a message supposedly directed at reporters that reads, "I really don't care, do u?"
Maybe though, we can hope, a man somewhere will read this, realize there are real women on the other side of the send button and before typing a string of curses and insults pause just long enough to ask himself: "What would my mother think?"
For its part, bitcoin rose 9.6% to $17,148 on Monday—a roughly 17-fold advance this year. Photo: AFP
New York: Bitcoin's triumphant debut on Wall Street hasn't ended the financial industry's scepticism.
The new breed of futures contracts that launched on Cboe Global Markets Inc.'s exchange late Sunday quickly became a 24-hour microcosm of bitcoin's own wild ride this year, marked by technical glitches and surging valuations. The first day left true believers cheering, yet kept many mainstream financial professionals peering uneasily from the sidelines.
While the derivatives were a success by some key measures—they didn't blow up—their 24% rise in price in the first session also bolstered longstanding misgivings about speculation. The contracts offer an easier way for investors to short the cryptocurrency, but instead buyers bid them up as much as 13% higher than the underlying asset—setting off two temporary trading halts along the way. That gave new oomph to the rally and debate.
“The premium is a bullish indicator,” said Michael Kazley, co-founder of Crescent Crypto Asset Management, acknowledging he assumed the contracts would more closely track the cryptocurrency. “It can be explained by demand for exposure to the price of bitcoin from investors who otherwise cannot or do not want to own actual bitcoins.”
Others saw the gap as a sign that it may not be possible to marry the virtual currency with the traditional financial industry. When contracts expire, buyers get cash—not bitcoin itself—weakening links to the underlying asset. The worry is that derivatives will act too independently.
“The futures market opening was a mild disaster in many respects,” said Aaron Brown, a former managing director at AQR Capital Management who invests in the cryptocurrency and writes for Bloomberg Prophets. “It was supposed to mimic the price of the physical, it wasn't supposed to hit limit triggers twice.”
Wall Street trading desks have been yearning for more volatility in many asset classes this year, so they can make more money handling client transactions. Bitcoin may be too volatile. An industry group made up of big banks, brokers and traders said last week it was concerned that the cryptocurrency's volatility could lead investors to default on contracts if prices swing hard.
Some of the world's largest banks maintained their cautious stance on Monday. Firms including JPMorgan Chase & Co., Citigroup Inc and Morgan Stanley are continuing to evaluate whether they'll offer clearing of the futures, according to people with knowledge of their deliberations.
Cboe launched bitcoin futures at 6pm New York time on Sunday. During the first hour, traffic on its website was so heavy that it caused delays and temporary outages, without interfering with trading systems. CME Group Inc., the world's biggest exchange owner, is set to launch similar products on 18 December.
More products
The futures trading legitimizes bitcoin to some degree, said Kevin Grimes, president of Westborough, Massachusetts-based Grimes & Co. It allows more institutional money to flow in, while giving firms a way to hedge positions.
The price gap shows people are seeking exposure to bitcoin without buying it directly, he said. “So in the short run that could change the supply and demand a little bit,” he said. “But in the grand scheme of things it probably is a good thing for bitcoin structurally, because it will allow for larger amounts of institutional money to more comfortably buy positions.”
The new futures will probably help create a more regulated and steady underlying market, paving the way for more additional products, hedge fund lawyer Stephen Bielecki of Kleinberg, Kaplan, Wolff & Cohen wrote in a note Monday. “Many anticipate” that the Securities and Exchange Commission will eventually approve an exchange-traded fund tied to bitcoin, he said.
For its part, bitcoin rose 9.6% to $17,148 on Monday—a roughly 17-fold advance this year.
“Our view on bitcoin is unchanged,” said Tim Ng, chief investment officer of Clearbrook Global Advisors. “The valuation has no basis, as there are no assets to back it, nor does it have the faith and full credit of a recognized entity such as a central bank. This has been a one-way street with people putting in money, and no one coming out. ” Bloomberg
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
It's a rare phenomenon not often captured on camera - but the results are truly stunning.
The Brocken spectre effect - which is essentially caused by the observer's shadow - makes it seem as though ghostly figures lit up in a halo of light are walking among the clouds.
And it makes for some pretty fantastic photographs.
Florian Clément observed the 'figure' while walking in France atop Europe's tallest sand dune.
The photographer managed to capture the scene on the Dune of Pilat as the mysterious presence follows every step that Mr Clément takes.
The photographer, aged 20, said the sighting on the Dune of Pilat was likely a Spectre of Brocken – a rare natural phenomenon.
(Image: Credit: Pen News/Florian ClÃ©ment)
(Image: Credit: Pen News/Florian ClÃ©ment)
It's caused when an observer's shadow is blown up to a huge size and cast against a cloud of the right density – causing a rainbow-like halo.
Mr Clément said: “The phenomenon had already been observed two years ago at this same place, but I just saw some pictures.
“It appears as a remarkable enlarged shadow cast on a layer of fog and surrounded by a circular rainbow .
“The phenomenon is better known by airplane pilots who are more likely to be able to observe it.”
(Image: Credit: Pen News/Florian ClÃ©ment)
(Image: Credit: Pen News/Florian ClÃ©ment)
The Spectre of Brocken takes its name from a peak in Germany's Harz Mountains, where it's been spooking climbers for centuries.
It often appears huge because the observer's shadow falls on water droplets at varying distances from the eye – confusing depth perception.
The ghostly figure is usually triangular due to perspective, while it can appear to move quite suddenly because of the movement of the cloud layer.
The phenomenon was first described Johann Silberschlag in 1780, and Johann Wolfgang von Goethe would later envision Brocken as a place of witches in his 1808 play, Faust.
Until NPR's hit podcast Serial debuted in 2014, the true crime genre was a guilty pleasure many indulged in, but few would admit to out loud for fear of being ousted as simple, or worse, insensitive. For years, detractors of the genre criticized it for being distasteful, disrespectful, voyeuristic, or even immoral. But now, with the rise of both the popularity and the quality of true crime in every form, from weekly podcasts and bestselling books to television anthologies and prestige series, the genre is finally starting to earn a certain level of respectability, and even some critical acclaim. Two new books out this week — Kirk Wallace Johnson's The Feather Thief and Gilbert King's Beneath a Ruthless Sun — are perfect examples of what kind of cultural insight, historical understanding, and good old-fashioned entertainment the newly invigorated world of true crime literature has to offer even the most skeptical readers.
In the year 2018, it's no secret that Americans are obsessed with true crime. We compulsively listen to creepy podcasts like My Favorite Murder, binge watch foreboding series like The Staircase, and tune in every week to see real-life horror come to life on shows like Cold Case Files and Dateline NBC. When it comes to the book world, though, true crime has long been swept to the margins to make way for more “respectable” writing. There are, of course, the occasional bright stars: Truman Capote's In Cold Blood and Erik Larson's The Devil in the White City were both published, nearly 40 years apart, to critical acclaim, but they are just two of a handful of exceptions within a genre that has rarely been taken seriously. For years, true crime readers have been deemed unsophisticated while the its writers have been labeled opportunistic or even exploitative. How can an author in good conscience make money from someone else's tragedy, critics of the genre have long asked, and how can its consumers find enjoyment in another's pain?
There are a lot of reasons why we seek out true crime stories. Americans have always been fascinated with grisly tales of murder and mayhem, whether they be in the tabloid pages of the early 20th century papers or on our Netflix accounts today, and our appetite for them has only grown in recent years. Now more than ever, we openly and unapologetically seek out true crime to scratch that morbid itch only real life tragedy can, to satisfy our cravings, however dark, for violence. We want to bear witness to criminal activity, to be a part of the danger, to come close to death without meeting it, but more than that, we want to uncover some kind of truth, hence the genre's name. It may be the notion or murder or the promise of mystery that draw us into true crime, but it's the opportunity to uncover some kind of answer that keeps us rooting around in the darkness.
That is what has propelled Michelle McNamara's I'll Be Gone in the Dark to the top of the New York Times bestseller list. Throughout her remarkable book, which was posthumously published following her death in 2016, the true crime buff's relentless search for the man behind the Golden State Killer's mask keeps readers turning the pages, desperately hoping McNamara has been able to do what so many others haven't: solve the crime. It is also what makes Alexandra Marzano-Lesnevich's murder-memoir, The Fact of a Body, so irresistible. Not only does the author's account pull readers into the true story of convicted child murderer Ricky Langley, but it forces them to examine the parallels between the life of a monster and that of a regular girl, and it encourages them ask tough questions about morality and the value of a human life. That is what the best contemporary true crime is doing — using the previously disregarded genre to explore our history, culture, politics, and even ourselves — and McNamara and Marzano-Lesnevich are far from the only ones.
With The Hot One, author Carolyn Murnick uses the tragedy of her best friend's murder to explore female friendship, womanhood, and America's culture of slut-shaming and victim blaming. In The Manson Women and Me, award-winning journalist Nikki Meredith tries to find out what it takes to drive "normal" people like Leslie Van Houten and Patricia Krenwinkel to commit horrible acts of violence. Unlike the countless true crime books about the Manson murder before it, Meredith's thoughtful account provides a valuable insight into the minds of two young women who are presented, for the first time, and fully formed human beings. In each of these books, the authors are driven by a a desire even bigger than curiosity, fame, or even money. They are compelled forward in their research and their storytelling by an insatiable desire to uncover the truth and tease out the answers to some of life's most difficult questions.
In Beneath the Ruthless Sun, Pulitzer Prize-winning author Gilbert King is trying to do just that. Through his exploration of a crime committed in one small Florida town over 60 years ago, he strikes at the heart of questions of race, justice, privilege, and corruption that have long been left unanswered. In doing so, his latest work — much like his previous and highly acclaimed book, Devil in the Grove — proves that, in the right hands, true crime stories aren't just cash grabs. They can be forms of literary activism.
Beneath a Ruthless Sun: A True Story of Violence, Race, and Justice Lost and Found by Gilbert King, $25, Amazon
Beneath the Ruthless Sun begins with a story of a rape committed in December 1957. The victim, a prominent wife of a Florida citrus baron, tells authorities a “husky Negro” was responsible for her attack, and within hours, Lake County's infamous sheriff and supposed KKK leader Willis McCall rounds up and arrests “virtually every young black male in the neighborhood.” After holding two of his alleged suspects in prison for two days without any contact with the outside world, McCall surprises virtually everyone in the community and lets them go, and instead charges Jesse Daniels with the crime. A poor, 19-year-old, mentally impaired white kid who many in Okahumpka knew as simply “the boy on the bike,” Jesse is obviously not the true culprit of the crime, and yet, he finds himself locked up in a state mental institution without trial. It seems all hope was lost — that is, until Mabel Norris Reese, the editor of a local weekly paper and self-proclaimed nemesis of McCall, gets wind of the story and refuses to let it go until true justice is served.
For years, the intrepid journalist tries to uncover the truth about Jesse's arrest and discover who is being protected, what is being covered up, and just how deep the corruption goes — a truly fascinating journey King recounts in page-turning detail. A brilliant and heavily researched work, Beneath the Ruthless Sun takes readers along for a wild and thought-provoking ride towards truth and justice. Along the way, it not only tells the captivating story of a true crime, but it takes a deep dive into the very issues at its core: sex, race, class, mental health, and official corruption. Like the best books about the wrongfully convicted, it also makes a compelling argument for criminal justice reform, and perhaps an even more important argument for examining our country's dark past as a way to build a brighter future.
The Feather Thief: Beauty, Obsession, and the Natural History Heist of the Century by Kirk Wallace Johnson, $18, Amazon
Author Kirk Wallace Johnson peers into the past, too, with his latest true crime book, which doubles as a enthralling exploration of human's desire to possess beauty and control the natural world. In The Feather Thief, the celebrated journalist recounts the remarkable story of Edwin Rist, an American musician who broke into the British Natural History Museum in 2009 and made off with nearly 300 rare bird skins. Among them were dozens of priceless samples collected over 150 years earlier by Alfred Russel Wallace, a naturalist and contemporary of Darwin whose breathtaking discoveries helped establish the field of geobiology. After hearing about the “feather thief” on a fly-fishing trip, Johnson becomes obsessed with the bizarre story, and quickly finds himself immersed in the feather underground. In engrossing detail and with the skill of a truly talented storyteller, Johnson takes readers on his journey through “a world of fanatical fly-tiers and plume peddlers, coke heads and big game hunters, ex-detectives and shady dentists.” He also sends them hurtling back in time, to the very jungles where Wallace collected the incredible specimens that Rist, a century and a half later, risked everything to steal.
A riveting story about mankind's undeniable desire to own nature's beauty and a spellbinding examination of obsession, greed, and justice, The Feather Thief proves not all thrilling true crime has to involve murder, rape, or the exploitation of victimhood. It's story is a gripping page-turner that leads readers on a decades-long wild goose chase — er, wild bird chase — no guts and goriness required.
WASHINGTON — President Donald Trump signed a directive Monday that enables NASA to again focus its efforts on sending Americans to the moon — and eventually Mars.
“It marks an important step in returning American astronauts to the moon for the first time since 1972 for long-term exploration and use,” he said in a Roosevelt Room ceremony. “This time, we will not only plant our flag and leave our footprint, we will establish a foundation for an eventual mission to Mars. And perhaps, someday, to many worlds beyond.”
Trump, administration and congressional leaders were joined by Buzz Aldrin, one of the first two people to walk on the moon; Harrison “Jack” Schmitt, who was among the last Americans to walk on the moon; and astronauts Christina Koch and Peggy Whitson.
Schmitt, an Apollo 17 pilot, landed on the moon 45 years ago to the day.
“What do you think, Jack? We'll find some other places out there?” the president asked of Schmitt.
“Yes, we should,” the astronaut responded. “Learn from the moon.”
Trump called the directive “a giant step toward that inspiring future and toward reclaiming America's proud destiny in space.”
Also Monday, as congressional Republicans conference on the tax overhaul legislation that Trump wants ready for his signature by Christmas, the White House said the president would address Americans on the package Wednesday.
Get the Newsday Now newsletter! The best of Newsday every day in your inbox. By clicking Sign up, you agree to our privacy policy.
White House deputy press secretary Lindsay Walters said Trump will talk directly with Americans about how the “reform will lead to a brighter future for them and their families.”
House and Senate Republicans are working to reconcile differences on their respective bills to cut taxes and simplify the tax code.
Trump on Monday also hosted about two dozen Evangelical leaders who, after the meeting, told reporters they commended his decision last week to formally declare that the United States recognizes Jerusalem as the capital of Israel.
They gave him a Friends of Zion award.
Trump also has begun the years-long process of relocating the U.S. embassy in Israel to Jerusalem from Tel Aviv.
He made the announcement amid cautions from allies, Western and Arab, that he would complicate or threaten the peace process between Israel and the Palestinians, who also claim the holy city of Jerusalem as their capital.
Early Monday morning, the president rejected a New York Times report published Saturday that depicted him as a voracious consumer of cable news television who tweets defenses of himself as he watches.
“Another false story, this time in the Failing @nytimes, that I watch 4-8 hours of television a day — Wrong!” he tweeted at 8:17 a.m. “Also, I seldom, if ever, watch CNN or MSNBC, both of which I consider Fake News. I never watch Don Lemon, who I once called the ‘dumbest man on television!' Bad Reporting.”
Trump in December 2015 tweeted a compliment of Lemon, a CNN anchor.
“Great interview tonight @donlemon — very professionally done. @CNN,” he wrote.
"When I was younger, I had more of the standard liberal view of civil liberties," Seidman said. "And I've gradually changed my mind about it. What I have come to see is that it's a mistake to think of free speech as an effective means to accomplish a more just society."
"Once a defense of the powerless, the First Amendment over the last hundred years has mainly become a weapon of the powerful," writes MacKinnon, who teaches such courses as "Evolution of Gender Crimes" and "Sex Equality."
In a remarkably honest exposé, the New York Times acknowledged Saturday thatever since conservatives realized they should apply to them as well.The Times cites First Amendment lawyer Floyd Abrams who noted that whereas the left once led support for First Amendment protections, they are now "at least skeptical and sometimes distraught at the level of First Amendment protection which is being afforded in cases brought by litigants on the right."The difference between then and now?Over the last 13 years, the Supreme Court "has been far more likely to embrace free-speech arguments concerning conservative speech than liberal speech," the Times said.Catharine A. MacKinnon, a law professor at the University of Michigan, goes further still, declaring thatWhereas free speech used to be invoked to defend "radicals, artists and activists, socialists and pacifists, the excluded and the dispossessed," MacKinnon laments, it has now become "a sword for authoritarians, racists and misogynists, Nazis and Klansmen, pornographers and corporations buying elections."In other words,In a curious irony, however, most conservatives today would be quick to defend even Ms. MacKinnon's adolescent name-calling, which compensates for a lack of serious arguments.In reading through the New York Times piece it becomes abundantly clear that many liberals really never cared about "free speech" as such, but rather sought protection specifically for progressive ideas and behaviors. As soon as conservatives started demanding the same protections for their speech, it no longer seemed like such a good idea.The Times titled its article "How Conservatives Weaponized the First Amendment." Perhaps a more accurate title would have been, "How Conservatives Learned from the Left and Started Using Their Own Weapons Against Them."Or, more simply, "What Goes Around, Comes Around."
Confederations Cup: Ronaldo the star attraction at Russia's nervy dress rehearsal
Cristiano Ronaldo provides star quality at the Confederations Cup, while events must run smoothly off the field as Russia's World Cup looms.
by Omnisport News 15 Jun 2017, 12:30 IST
Portugal captain Cristiano Ronaldo celebrates winning Euro 2016 in Paris
If Chile captain Claudio Bravo inflicts his Manchester City form upon the 2017 Confederations Cup, tournament organisers are likely to feel a significant pang of frustration.
From domestic and European titles to the Ballon d'Or, shot through the lens of club football's fiercest rivalry, the defining frontier of 21st century football is Lionel Messi versus Cristiano Ronaldo.
For a competition that serves a purpose as a World Cup test event, producing a reasonable share of entertaining clashes condemned to not living too long in the memory, billing this Confederations Cup as Messi v Ronaldo would have made for a blockbusting start to the countdown for Russia 2018.
And it would have been a reality but for Bravo – then the respected Barcelona gloveman as opposed to Premier League slapstick artist – ensuring Chile prevailed over Messi's Argentina in the 2015 Copa America final penalty shootout.
That was an upset in line with Portugal stunning hosts France at Euro 2016 a year later, despite Ronaldo being reduced to an impressively vocal cheerleading role on the touchline after his participation in the final was curtailed by a knee injury.
Indeed, the enjoyable trend of upsets in the major continental competitions enthrals at the tournaments in question – also see Cameroon overcoming the demonstrably better equipped Senegal, Ghana and Egypt to win the Africa Cup of Nations earlier this year – but they perhaps leave FIFA's event to crown the champion of champions looking a little threadbare.
The approach taken by 2014 World Cup winners Germany adds to this impression. Joachim Low has allowed most of his frontline stars to sit this one out and responded to once-capped RB Leipzig midfielder Diego Demme pulling out over the weekend through injury by calling up no one to replace him.
Portugal, by contrast, have Ronaldo leading a full-strength group. The 32-year-old lining up alongside Bernardo and Andre Silva is an attacking combination with golden potential.
Similarly, Chile will look to extend the proud South American tradition in the tournament by following up their 2015 Copa America and 2016 Copa Centenario triumphs with more silverware. Alexis Sanchez might have to dodge reporters' questions over his Arsenal future with the same deftness he evades opposition defenders on the field.
Success for any of the competition favourites is more likely to provide a hint or a nudge over prospects as opposed to an iron-clad guarantee of being World Cup frontrunners a year from now.
In 2013, Brazil's rampant final win papered over cracks that Germany would brutally and humiliatingly rip apart when it mattered most, while Spain's loss to the hosts was an unheeded warning over the imminent end of their imperial period.
Australia, champions for the first time since becoming Asian Football Confederation members, make up Group B along with Chile, Cameroon and Low's scratch Germany offering. If the world champions prevail in their present form it will show stunning depth and speak impressive volumes for their chances of becoming the first nation since Brazil in 1962 to retain the World Cup.
Grindel: "We're all looking forward to the #ConfedCup, but of course the main aim is to win the World Cup again in 2018." #DieMannschaft pic.twitter.com/JgoIhzKAXI — Germany (@DFB_Team_EN) June 14, 2017
The presence of Mexico alongside Portugal in Group A throws up the very real chance of the hosts departing their own party comfortably before the medals are distributed. Russia's opener against New Zealand – winless in three previous Confederations Cup appearances – must be negotiated with a minimum of fuss to sate a public low on patience after a series of shambolic major tournament appearances.
Indeed, Russia's most notable and regrettable contribution to Euro 2016 was brutal, organised fan hooliganism. Such an embarrassment cannot afford to happen again on home soil, particularly after a week when Human Rights Watch made claims of construction workers at Russia 2018 stadia being subject to exploitation and abuse.
FIFA swiftly refuted the allegations but the sense remains that the most significant indicator at this Confederations Cup will be Russia's performance off the field. Champagne moments from Ronaldo and others on it will be a bonus.
INDIANAPOLIS — Dr. Henry Bock, a pioneering doctor in racing and a key player in creating the SAFER barrier, has died. He was 81.
Indianapolis Motor Speedway officials made the announcement after confirming the death with his caregiver, who was working directly with the family.
Bock served as the track's senior director of medical services from 1982-2006. He held the same title with the IndyCar Series from 1996-2006 and continued working as a consultant for both after retiring.
Though he developed new treatments for drivers, Bock may be best known for working on the SAFER barriers that have become a staple at American tracks.
INDIANAPOLIS — The Indianapolis Colts finally made a splash in free agency Monday by signing tight end Eric Ebron.
Terms of the deal were not immediately available.
Ebron was released last week by the Detroit Lions, the team that made him a first-round pick in 2014.
The 6-foot-4, 2532-pound Ebron gives quarterbacks Andrew Luck and Jacoby Brissett another receiving threat. He will be paired with Jack Doyle, who appeared in his first Pro Bowl last season.
Ebron had 186 receptions, 2,070 yards and 11 TDs in four seasons with the Lions and developed a reputation for dropping passes. But he's just 24 years old.
Indy's move comes on the heels of Saturday's trade that gave the New York Jets the No. 3 overall pick in the draft. Indy got the Jets pick at No. 6, two second-round picks this year and another second-rounder in 2019.
___
More AP NFL: https://pro32.ap.org and https://twitter.com/AP_NFL
By The Associated Press
Bret Meuli, the principal at Canon City High School in Colorado, where more than 100 students at the high school were apparently exchanging nude pictures, calls up an app to show what students are using to hide photos on their cellphones, in Canon City, Colo., in November. Concerned by a practice he's said is becoming more prevalent in schools, a California lawmaker is carrying a bill that would let schools suspend or expel kids for so-called sexting – sharing explicit pictures and recordings via electronic message. Nick Cote The New York Times
No matter the sport, the time or the circumstance, whenever La Costa Canyon and San Dieguito Academy face off, the stakes are simply more special. That will definitely be the case when the two local rivals match-up in boys' water polo, Tuesday night, Oct. 10, at the Ecke YMCA Pool (7:30 p.m.).
In a sport where three of the top five ranked teams in the county reside in the North Coastal region as well as seven of the 20 CIF Division I programs, the Mavericks and Mustangs are pushing to get closer to the top echelon, a position now inhabited by the likes of Carlsbad, Cathedral Catholic and Vista. LCC, which competes at the CIF Division I level, is 6-7 this fall while San Dieguito, a relatively new program which just this year elevated from CIF Division III to II, brings a 12-4 mark to the table Tuesday and, like LCC, had not played its first Avocado League West contest at press time. Both head coaches know Tuesday's showdown will be a good measuring stick of just where their programs are.
For fifth-year SDA head man Scott Kling, a victory would mean another step in the right direction. Taking over a team that had won just five games in three years, Kling has guided a steady Mustang ascent, including last fall's trip to the CIF Division III finals where they lost to Helix in a tight contest. The ultimate goal is to reach Division I and be able to challenge the traditional powers come post-season. Tuesday night could be a rung on the ladder heading in that direction.
“We've never defeated anyone in the district — LCC, Torrey Pines or Canyon Crest,” says Kling matter-of-factly. “It would be a huge game for the entire school if we could win. Beating an established Division I team would kind of announce ‘Hey, we're stepping up.' It should be closer this year, I feel we've caught up a little bit.”
A tad newer to the series, second-year LCC head coach Grant Harrington (in his third season overall at the school) understands the significance but puts it in the context of the long-term view. “We don't really talk about it that much because we like to focus game-to-game and we've got a pretty tough schedule — San Marcos, Canyon Crest and Torrey Pines — right in front of that one this year,” said Harrington. “But I know our team loves this game. Everyone has friends on both sides, there's typically a nice crowd and it's a good opportunity to test yourself in a high-intensity environment before CIF.
“Since we've had the advantage lately, it's been a fun game but San Dieguito's done a great job of developing a solid core of players and has some nice wins. I expect it to be competitive from start-to-finish.”
Featuring good overall team speed, SDA uses a quick-paced attacking game, looking to create offense early in the shot clock and keep opponents off balance. Senior Nate Conger and junior Matheus Gensler are the big guns but Kling calls depth his club's chief weapon. “We can go 10 deep on our bench and still have the same type of fast, tenacious defenders that we have in the starting lineup,” says Kling. “We had a young team last year but they've grown together and while some of these guys aren't going to be leading us in goals or steals, they allow us to keep a level of play that has made us more successful.”
Conger, a “fantastic driver,” has compiled 45 goals while Gensler, a power player capable of working at two-meters or up top, has netted 44. “Both excel at taking the game into their own hands but have also become proficient at bringing others into the offense,” notes Kling.
The Mavericks emphasis begins with the back line and senior goalie Gavin Simmons. According to Harrington, “We are a defense-oriented team and the focus is on protecting our cage first and foremost. Gavin gives us an aggressive presence in goal and provides the kind of support which allows us to use a more aggressive defensive strategy.” Simmons has racked up 124 saves this fall and a team-high 57 steals.
Aside from Simmons, other LCC standouts include senior captain Peter Germuska, the squad's top scorer with 37 goals as well as 37 steals, and sophomore Carter Dean. “Peter has great experience and knows the game well,” said Harrington, “and Carter does an excellent job defensively on the perimeter where we typically match him up with the other team's best player.”
No matter the outcome of this season's clash, both coaches know there will still be ample ground to cover before they're in the same neighborhood with North County's elite programs. The two also agree on the reasons for the current gap.
“They have their own water, which allows them to develop club teams on site,” says Kling. “All of the elite programs have that type of situation. Their players are working together throughout the year and they're constantly feeding themselves through the youth teams.”
Harrington added, “Having a club team out of their home pool is a huge advantage. They have the ability to control and maximize their practice times. Our three teams — varsity, JV and novice — all practice together from 7 to 9:15 p.m.”
So, both coaches clearly know where they want to be and what's standing in their way. But first things first. And that comes Tuesday night when either Harrington or Kling will likely leave the pool feeling much better about where his group is in the process. The big winner in this one, however, should be North Coast water polo fans who will be treated to two improving programs, a collision of contrasting styles and several high-caliber individual players in what should be an entertaining atmosphere.
COLUMBIA, Mo. — Missouri forward Jontay Porter has withdrawn his name from NBA draft and will return for his sophomore season.
The school announced Porter's decision on Wednesday, the final day the 6-foot-11 forward could remove his name from the draft and return to the Tigers for next season. Porter followed the lead of his brother, Michael Porter Jr., in declaring for the draft last month, but he didn't hire an agent.
Jontay Porter averaged 9.9 points and 6.8 rebounds per game as a freshman for Missouri, doing so after reclassifying his prep eligibility and skipping his senior year of high school so he could join his brother with the Tigers. He earned Southeastern Conference Co-Sixth Man of the Year honours and was named to the league's All-Freshman team.
The 18-year-old took part in the NBA's draft combine two weeks ago and was projected to be taken late in the first round or early in the second.
South Korea men`s football head coach Shin Tae-yong speaks at a press conference announcing the national team roster for the World Cup qualifying matches at the Korea Football Association headquarters in Seoul on Aug. 14, 2017. (Yonhap)
South Korea men's football head coach Shin Tae-yong on Monday justified his selection of a few aging players for upcoming World Cup qualifiers, saying they're not just token veterans getting free rides.Shin unveiled his 26-man roster for the final two Asian World Cup qualifying matches. South Korea will host Iran on Aug. 31 in Seoul and will face Uzbekistan in Tashkent on Sept. 5.South Korea's streak of eight consecutive World Cup appearances will be at stake in those two contests, as they are barely holding on to the last automatic berth in Group A of the final Asian qualifying round.Iran have already clinched a spot in Group A with 20 points. South Korea is in second place with 13 points, only one above Uzbekistan with two games to play.And Shin reached out to two veterans in the K League Classic: the 38-year-old forward Lee Dong-gook from Jeonbuk Hyundai Motors and 34-year-old midfielder Yeom Ki-hun from Suwon Samsung Bluewings. Lee hasn't played for South Korea in nearly three years, while Yeom's last international match came in May 2015.Shin said these two, along with Gangwon FC's 32-year-old midfielder Lee Keun-ho, have earned their national team spots with their play, not simply their age."I felt they've been among the best players in the K League Classic, and they can lead by example," Shin said. "They've been playing as hard as anyone in the league. If young guys on the national team see just how much work these older players put in, they'll all follow suit."Lee is the K League Classic's career scoring leader with 196 goals. He has four in 18 matches this season. Yeom is the all-time assists leader with 95 and has seven assists to rank third this season.Shin was particularly effusive about Lee, saying the forward wouldn't settle for just being the spiritual leader for the team."I know people say he should be the heart and soul of the team because of his age, but Lee has told me he wouldn't want to be on the national team if he's only asked to be that type of leader," Shin said. "He told me he wanted to make contributions on the field as well."Shin said Lee's style of play fits with the coach's offensive philosophy."Even when he doesn't score, Lee moves well away from the ball and can create space for other offensive players," the coach said. "In terms of his shooting and his ability to find open teammates up front, I think he's second to none. Whether as a starter or a substitute, I believe he can be a great help to this team."Lee said he feels the weight of responsibility as he joins the team at a critical juncture."If I have a chance to play, I'll give everything I have for the team and help us qualify for the World Cup," he said.Shin was so enamored with Lee's play that he left off Pohang Steelers' forward Yang Dong-hyeon, who leads all South Korean players in the K League Classic this season with 15 goals, and is tied for third overall.Shin said Yang's game may be suited for Pohang, but he doesn't move well enough without the ball to warrant a national team spot.Another potentially controversial choice was Ki Sung-yueng, longtime captain under the previous head coach Uli Stielike. The Swansea City midfielder is still recovering from an offseason knee surgery, and Shin said his rehab has gone so well he may be available for one of the two qualifiers.Last week, Shin said he'd select Ki regardless of his health because of what he can bring to the team away from the field."I think he's been a great leader, and he's someone who can be the glue for the team as we have a lot of turnovers from the last edition," Shin said. "And he has recovered enough that he can actually work out with the rest of the team and play. He won't just be a spiritual leader here." (Yonhap)
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Real Madrid CF updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Juventus midfielder Blaise Matuidi admits it would be “great” if Cristiano Ronaldo makes a shock move to the Italian champions.
The Bianconeri are understood to be increasingly confident of signing the Real Madrid superstar this summer.
Juve are working on a transfer package in the region of £88million to take the Portuguese superstar to Turin.
Ronaldo, 33, is said to be ready to accept an eye-watering £26.5million-a-year deal after the deal was floated during a recent meeting between Ronaldo's agent, Jorge Mendes, and Juve chiefs Fabio Paretic and Beppe Marotta.
(Image: AFP)
Juve is desperate to win the Champions League, having reached two finals in the last four years, and believe Ronaldo can make a crucial difference.
Now French international Matuidi, speaking while on World Cup duty, has had his say on Ronaldo's potential arrival.
"I'm not going to lie it would be just great," he said.
(Image: REUTERS)
(Image: AFP)
"It would be great to have one of the best players in the world with Juventus in the same club that I am.
"It would be great for the club and for the Juventus players.
"However, today I'm a player of the French national team and we have bigger fish to fry, no?"
Matuidi, who joined Juve from PSG last summer, is set to start for Les Bleus in their World Cup quarter-final on Friday.
Be honest: How comfortable do you find yourself as you go about your morning routine? If you're brewing coffee in a robe while barefoot, you're certainly on the right path toward supreme comfort. But your transformation is not complete without a pair of the most comfortable slippers for women. Because, face it, your toes and feet matter, and all they want in life is to be warm and snug.
This list of warm, comfortable, cute slippers include options made of memory foam, which spring back to life the second after your foot puts any pressure them. They also include slippers that are lined with faux fur and plush fleece, which make you feel like you're stepping into warm clouds on freezing cold mornings. Of course, if you live in a warmer climate or want all-season slippers, you'll also find options made from breathable materials that wick moisture and ensure your feet aren't sweating the entire time. There are even slippers you'll want to wear out, even if "out" means to the mailbox and back.
Aside from fabrics and materials, you can choose from slippers that feel like socks, look like moccasins, and are as warm and toasty (but much cheaper) as UGGs. No matter what your budget or style is, there's no doubt that investing in one of these pairs of slippers will make life around the house so much more comfortable.
1 Cozy Suede Slippers With A Faux Fur Lining These moccasin-style suede slippers have a warm, faux fur lining, but they're also breathable and fine for all seasons. They're designed with a memory foam layer, high elastic sponge heel, EVA cushion, and elasticity sponge that work together to provide the ultimate support for your soles and heels. They're fuzzy and soft to walk in, but they also have a hard bottom that's more supportive than most others. These slippers can stretch, so be sure to order your correct size. One thing to keep in mind: They aren't the best choice if you're running out on a wet or damp day. Available in sizes 6-11
2 Squishy Clog Slippers With Three Layers Of Memory Foam With an insole constructed from three layers of supportive, springy memory foam, it's no wonder these clog slippers feel "soft and comfy" but are also "durable" enough to wear while tending to your various chores around the house, according to several reviewers. They boast a short plush lining that can absorb moisture, making them an excellent choice for autumn, spring, and winter. A side-seamed outsole keeps water and dampness from getting inside, which means you can actually wear them outside for short periods of time without worrying about ruining them. They come in four color options and, according to reviewers, fit true to size. Available in sizes 5-12
3 Firmer Clog Slippers With A Plush Fleece Lining Consider these the perfect (and most perfectly affordable) cold weather slippers, thank to a dense, plush fleece lining and insole that keeps your feet snug and warm. The anti-skid PVC sole is tough enough for both indoor and outdoor wear, but they won't scratch hardwood floors. They come in light brown, deep brown, grey, and coffee, and have a breathable cotton upper that won't smother your feet or trap in sweat. Available in sizes 7-10.5
4 Soft, Stretchy Slippers That Are So Light, You'll Forget You're Even Wearing Them If your idea of truly comfortable slippers are a pair that makes you forget you're wearing anything on your feet at all, say hello to these, which are so lightweight and soft, they're named after that quality. Made from an acrylic blend with a foam-padded sole, these slippers have a non-binding topline that stretches and conforms to your feet. The nylon material is excellent at providing the perfect fit for all foot sizes, and they're mostly flat with a round toe. If you plan on wearing these around the house, they're perfect — think of them as a step above your most comfortable, high-quality pair of socks. But these are not the slippers you'll want to wear while running outside to grab the mail every day — they simply aren't that supportive. Choose from 11 colors and patterns, including animal prints, polka dots, and stripes. Available in sizes S-L
5 Velvet Memory Foam Slippers With A Closed Back The velvet-soft feel of these thick, closed-back memory foam slippers makes them cozy, soft, and resilient. Add a sturdy anti-skid rubber sole and cute details like embroidery and you've now got yourself a pair of multitasking slippers that you can wear inside (including after showers, because they'll keep you from slipping and sliding) and outside. According to reviewers, they retain their shape, even after years, and they come in eight pretty colors. Available in sizes 5-12
6 Moccasin-Style Slides That Are Cute Enough To Wear Around Town These slide slippers have a foam-cushion insole and genuine shearling lining with a fold-over cover. The rubber sole protects your feet from impact so that you can get away with wearing them whole you run errands, and they come in seven colors and designs that include navy or pink suede, red plaid, and leopard. A shoestring bow decoration makes these slippers even cuter, and reviewers describe them as warm and comfortable, but also breathable. They fit well and won't slip and slide around on your feet. Available in sizes 5-11
The Australian blueberry industry has established a code of conduct to govern land management and farming issues facing the industry.
The Australian blueberry industry has established a code of conduct to govern land management and farming issues facing the industry. contributed
AUSTRALIA'S growing blueberry industry has taken the lead on addressing key land use and rapid industry growth challenges with the release of a new industry led Code of Conduct.
Federal Member for Page Kevin Hogan said the Code of Conduct would clearly define industry best practice to support a vital part of agriculture in NSW.
"Blueberry production is one of the largest agriculture industry in my electorate and is vital to the Northern Beaches and Clarence Valley's economy, worth around $95 million in 2015-16,” Mr Hogan said.
"The code will address concerns around spray drift, land use near residential housing and employment issues to clearly define what is acceptable or good practice.
"Every blueberry grower in Australia will receive a copy of the code to guide their day-to-day farm practices."
Minister for Agriculture and Water Resources David Littleproud said New South Wales industry was leading the way by creating a standard to support the growing industry nationally.
"If you had blueberries in your smoothie this morning chances are they came from New South Wales, which accounts for over 80 per cent of Aussie blueberries," Minister Littleproud said.
"The blueberry industry continues to grow as it strives to meet domestic and international demand for the tasty fruit.
"The code will help our farmers to maintain key market access through reliable clean, green on-farm practices and to efficiently supply new markets particularly in Asia.
"The Coalition is a strong supporter of the blueberry industry, delivering $5 million through the Leadership in Agricultural Industries Fund to Australian Horticulture.
"I would like to commend the Australian Blueberry Grower's Association (ABGA), New South Wales Department of Primary Industries and other related departments and local councils for their hard-work in bringing the Code to fruition."
FAST FACTS
TAMPA, Fla. – The Seminole Hard Rock Hotel and Casino announced Wednesday plans for a $700 million expansion.
Crews are expected to complete it by mid-2019. The centerpiece of the expansion is a new 15-story hotel tower with 564 hotel rooms and suites. The expanded Hard Rock will have about 800 guest rooms.
“In addition to enhancing our guest experience and offering a premiere resort entertainment destination, this expansion will offer more growth opportunities for our team members," said Seminole Hard Rock president Joe Lupo in a news release.
Las Vegas-based Klai Juba Wald Architects are working on the project's architecture. Klau Juba Wald is also helping with interior designs along with Coral Gables-based Wimberly Interiors and Los Angeles-based Laurence Lee Associates. The construction team is led by Suffolk Yates.
The expansion at Florida's biggest casino includes adding 5,000 slot machines and almost 200 gaming tables.
A new 25,000-square-foot spa and salon will also open on the second level of the hotel tower and will offer pool-side services. The new spa will replace the existing spa and salon.
Other new additions include three outdoor swimming pools, new restaurants, retail shops and redesigning existing restaurants.
The Hard Rock also plans to add 700 parking spots, which brings the number of total spaces to about 6,000.
According to the Hard Rock, the expansion is expected to create about 1,000 part-time and full-time jobs in addition to more than 2,000 construction jobs during the two-year building project.
►Make it easy to keep up-to-date with more stories like this. Download the 10News app now.
Have a news tip? Email desk@wtsp.com, or visit our Facebook page or Twitter feed.
© 2018 WTSP
Trump Weighs Private Spy Network To Counter Deep State: “It Is A Direct-Action Arm… Totally Off The Books” by Mac Slavo – SHTFPlan
The Deep State surveillance network, powered by technology developed by NSA whistleblower Edward Snowden, is in full effect. Over the last several weeks we've learned that not only did the Obama White House deploy a vast spy net over anyone within President Donald Trump's political and business orbit while he was still a candidate for office, but that they were actively monitoring other organizations and individuals such as Blackwater founder Eric Prince.
Now, according to David Knight of Infowars, the President is turning the tables and is reportedly considering hiring private spies to counter the Deep State's attacks on his Presidency.
Via The Intercept:
The sources say the plans have been pitched to the White House as a means of countering “deep state” enemies in the intelligence community seeking to undermine Donald Trump's presidency. … “Pompeo can't trust the CIA bureaucracy, so we need to create this thing that reports just directly to him,” said a former senior U.S. intelligence official with firsthand knowledge of the proposals, in describing White House discussions. “It is a direct-action arm, totally off the books,” this person said, meaning the intelligence collected would not be shared with the rest of the CIA or the larger intelligence community. “The whole point is this is supposed to report to the president and Pompeo directly.”
In an interview with Owen Shoyer, Dr. Steve Pieczenik explains how such direct action may work:
I think it's an interesting idea… the Deep State probably entails 16 to 18 intelligence networks… Most of the spy business is too fragmented and having the DNI (Director Of National Intelligence) created over all of them makes it even more of a problem… I think we're over-manned and under-staffed intellectually… I don't think most of our spies are really trained very well…
Source Link – SHTFPlan
Out&about at a Benefit for Ingrid at The Keys
Coping Your guide to area support groups (read more)
Game time: Enjoy Super Bowl on big and little screens The vast majority of people can't keep their eyes off their cell phones for more than a few minutes at a time, even while catching something on another screen. (read more)
Layered taco dip highlights Scranton woman's Super Bowl spread Today marks the biggest event of the year for Local Flavor's favorite sport: eating. Super Bowl Sunday means game day food, and we train all year long in hopes of claiming victory over all things delicious. (read more)
Van Brunt Grill mixes trendy tastes with American mainstays Jim James and Jack Ware worked many facets of the food service industry in their lives. They met when Mr. Ware worked for Mr. James at a fast-food joint while in high school. (read more)
Scranton woman puts lower-calorie spin on Buffalo chicken When someone thinks about healthy eating, Buffalo chicken wings aren't usually the first dish to come to mind. Unless it's Elizabeth O'Connor's Buffalo Cauliflower Rice Chicken, a healthy take on a sports-bar classic. (read more)
video size: 640x360 730x576 1024x576 1280x720 1920x1080 custom size x Advanced Embed Example Add the following CSS to the header block of your HTML document.
Then add the mark-up below to the body block of the same document. .videoWrapper { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; padding-top: 25px; height: 0; } .videoWrapper iframe { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; } show more
In September 2017, Sweden hosted Exercise Aurora, its largest military exercise in nearly 25 years. The exercise involved nearly 30 per cent of the Swedish Armed Forces, as well as troop contributions from NATO Allied and partner countries - which joined on a bilateral basis. The goal of the exercise was to build a stronger defence and increase capability to face an attack. As well as taking place in Stockholm and Gothenburg regions, the exercise featured air, land and sea assets on the island of Gotland and in the Stockholm archipelago. Aurora also featured collaboration between the military and the civilian emergency services.
Footage includes various shots of exercise Aurora in locations across Sweden.
Teaser: Sweden has hosted its largest military exercise for almost 25 years. Exercise Aurora involved air, land and sea assets, and focused on defending the Baltic Sea region together with NATO Allied and partner countries.
NDP Leader Andrea Horwath is also entirely comfortable with deficit spending. Her party's top priorities include full dental coverage for all Ontarians, a universal pharmacare program to provide prescription drugs and funding to convert the provincial portion of post-secondary student loans into nonrepayable grants. To help pay for all this, Horwath envisions a corporate-tax hike.
The political outlier in an election campaign already brimming with baskets of goodies is the PC's Doug Ford. His main pledge to date is cutting four per cent from provincial government spending, which would mean deleting $5.6 billion from the province's $141 billion annual budget. Ford also opposes carbon taxes and would scrap Ontario's sex education curriculum. Of course, these are just the initial, most visible planks of the major parties' platforms.
So far, voters are dealing with first impressions the way they'd try to make out the appearance of three ships emerging from a fog.
What we do know is that Ontarians face dramatically different options. Moreover, each option is imperfect, as it stands.
Ontario may well be rich enough to afford enhanced, even universal social programs.
As we head full-throttle into uncertain economic times in a world buffeted by shifting technological and political winds, there's a compelling moral argument that everyone should be properly cared for.
But it's also reasonable to worry that running multi-billion-dollar deficits and piling up debt in good times as well as bad will lead to economic hardship when, inevitably, the next economic recession hits.
Can we not elect a caring government that embraces fiscal rectitude?
Ontario deserves that option, too.
Surf Conditions
Swell will continue to roll in this weekend on the Coffs Coast.
A south swell will start to fill in on Saturday and have a good period in it, providing good waves in the southern corners.
On Sunday the wind will pick up, making the protected southern corners the only spots to surf.
Moving into next week, the winds will drop off and the swell will move more to the south-east and we should see some really good clean waves for the rest of the week
Local surf news
Woolgoolga Boardriders next open competition has been moved to Sunday, July 2 with an away comp set down for Friday, August 4 and Saturday, August 5.
Keep an eye on the WBC Facebook Page or visit woolgoolgaboardriders.com.au for more information.
Global surf news
As this article is written the Fiji Pro is running finals day.
There has been a big shake up with the ratings at this event.
Nearly all the top 10 surfers going into the event were eliminated in round 3 or round 2.
Only Joel Parkinson and last years runner-up in this event Matt Wilkinson from the top 10 are still alive.
Wilkinson is into the semi finals and can take the ratings lead with a win.
Standing in his way is the form surfer of the event Michel Bourez.
Full results will be in next weeks article
Any extra news
Solitary Islands surf school is running lessons right through winter from 9am to 10am every Saturday and Sunday at Woolgoolga Beach for all ages and ability.
Programs will also be running everyday of the upcoming school holidays.
Full-length wetsuits are provided so why not take advantage of the best time of year to surf.
For more information call 0438 561 370.
These are the scores for games played between Monday, Feb. 6 and Sunday, Feb. 12. For more in depth coverage, read us in print or on-line.
Boys Basketball
Southington 60, Avon 54
Monday, Feb. 6
At Avon
Southington 15 10 19 16 — 60
Avon 14 15 13 12 — 54
SOUTHINGTON (60)—Jeremy Mercier, 6-4-16; Brendan Taylor, 2-5-9; Andrew Lohneiss, 4-4-14; Tim O'Shea, 1-2-4; Colin Burdette, 4-0-8; Jack Herms, 2-1-5; Mike Mauro, 1-2-4; Will Barmore, 0-0-0. Totals: 20-18-60.
AVON (54)—Ryan Bartkienicz, 2-0-4; Robbie Zacchio, 0-0-0; Charlie Reiss, 5-2-13; Jordan Williams, 10-1-25; Riley Walter, 2-0-4; Mark Cierniewski, 0-0-0; Brett Muni, 0-2-2; Connor Harris, 0-0-0; Henry Shrecengost, 3-0-6. Totals: 22-5-54.
Three point field goals— SHS (2): Lohneiss (2). AHS (5): Reiss, Williams (4).
Records—AHS, 6-10. SHS, 7-7.
Southington 41, Bulkeley 40
(Overtime)
Wednesday, Feb. 8
At Southington
Bulkeley 10 10 09 03/8 — 40
Southington 08 09 03 12/9 — 41
BULKELEY (40)—Edwin Khaldun, 2-1-5; James Sage, 1-0-2; Gary Taquan, 1-0-2; Moises Hernandez, 4-0-12; Matt Ormsby, 7-3-19; Dorian Chaney, 0-0-0. Totals: 15-4-40.
SOUTHINGTON (41)—Jeremy Mercier, 5-0-10; Brendan Taylor, 1-0-3; Andrew Lohneiss, 4-0-9; Tim O'Shea, 1-2-4; Colin Burdette, 4-0-9; Jack Herms, 2-0-6; Mike Mauro, 0-0-0; Will Barmore, 0-0-0. Totals: 17-2-41.
Three point field goals— BHS (6): Hernandez (4), Ormsby (2). SHS (5): Taylor, Lohneiss, Burdette, Herms (2).
Records—SHS, 8-7. BHS, 7-10.
Farmington 50, Southington 45
Friday, Feb. 10
At Farmington
Southington 15 03 14 13 — 45
Farmington 11 11 13 15 — 50
SOUTHINGTON (45)—Jeremy Mercier, 5-0-10; Brendan Taylor, 1-2-5; Andrew Lohneiss, 5-3-18; Tim O'Shea, 1-1-3; Colin Burdette, 3-0-7; Jack Herms, 1-0-2; Mike Mauro, 0-0-0; Cam Clynes, 0-0-0; Joe Koczera, 0-0-0. Totals: 16-6-45.
FARMINGTON (50)—Nick Teixeira, 2-4-9; Jalen Robinson, 3-0-6; Ryan Chaves, 1-0-3; Isaah McKinley Jones, 3-4-10; Brendan Walsh, 1-0-3; Clayton Herr, 3-1-8; Kevin Dunst, 3-2-10; Jake Sytulek, 0-1-1; Alex Pittsley, 0-0-0. Totals: 16-12-50.
Three point field goals— SHS (7): Taylor, Lohneiss, (5), Burdette. FHS (6): Teixeira, Chaves, Walsh, Herr, Dunst (2).
Records—SHS, 8-8. FHS, 5-12.
Girls Basketball
Southington 57, Avon 32
Monday, Feb. 6
At Southington
Avon 04 10 13 05 — 32
Southington 22 12 14 09 — 57
AVON (32)—Emma Brown, 1-0-2; Kendra Hardell, 1-1-3; Lauren Jeandell, 0-0-0; Sophie Begleiter, 1-0-2; Sophie Agrilar, 0-0-0; Marita Galliher, 1-0-2; Carly Carpino, 2-0-4; Abby St.Onge, 4-0-8; Taylor Aiello, 2-0-5; Olivia Donahue, 0-0-0; Heather McGrire, 2-0-6. Totals: 14-1-32.
SOUTHINGTON (57)—Brianna Harris, 2-0-4; Hailey Morelli, 0-0-0; Maggie Meehan, 7-0-19; Katie D'Agostino, 0-1-1; Kristen Longley, 1-0-2; Diane Williams, 0-0-0; Madison Hulten, 1-2-4; Hartlee Meier, 6-3-18; Megan Mikosz, 0-2-2; Mackenzie Coppola, 0-0-0; Callie Grendon, 0-0-0; Janette Wadolowski, 2-3-7. Totals: 19-11-57.
Three point field goals— AHS (3): Aiello, McGrire (2). SHS (8): Meehan (5), Meier (3).
Records—SHS, 9-7. AHS, 2-14.
Southington 60, Bulkeley 19
Wednesday, Feb. 8
At Bulkeley HS, Hartford
Southington 14 10 23 13 — 60
Bulkeley 11 04 02 02 — 19
SOUTHINGTON (60)—Brianna Harris, 0-0-0; Hailey Morelli, 0-1-1; Maggie Meehan, 7-1-19; Katie D'Agostino, 1-0-2; Kristen Longley, 1-0-2; Diane Williams, 1-0-2; Madison Hulten, 0-0-0; Hartlee Meier, 4-2-10; Megan Mikosz, 3-4-10; Janette Wadolowski, 7-0-14. Totals: 24-8-60.
BULKELEY (19)—Reagan Jacob, 2-0-4; Tiniah Dobson, 0-0-0; Adrianna Mercado, 0-0-0; Kristine Chin, 1-0-2; Daurelys Rivera, 4-0-8; Jamilah Ali, 1-0-3; Mo Samuels, 0-0-0; Tyanna Jiles, 0-2-2. Totals: 8-2-19.
Three point field goals— SHS (4): Meehan (4). BHS (1): Ali.
Records—SHS, 10-7. BHS, 1-18.
Farmington 57, Southington 50
Friday, Feb. 10
At Southington
Farmington 14 13 13 17 — 57
Southington 07 17 12 14 — 50
FARMINGTON (57)—Julia Borgida, 1-0-3; Mary Schoenherr, 6-7-19; Carolyn Ives, 0-0-0; Chardae Saunders, 1-2-4; Izzy Lipinski, 9-5-23; Erica Szydlick, 0-0-0; Rylee Fountain, 2-0-6; Amanda James, 1-0-2. Totals: 20-14-57.
SOUTHINGTON (50)—Brianna Harris, 3-0-6; Maggie Meehan, 7-0-16; Katie D'Agostino, 0-0-0; Kristen Longley, 0-0-0; Madison Hulten, 0-0-0; Hartlee Meier, 9-5-26; Janette Wadolowski, 1-0-2. Totals: 20-5-50.
Three point field goals— FHS (3): Borgida, Fountain (2). SHS (5): Meehan (2), Meier (3).
Records—FHS, 12-7. SHS, 10-8.
Ice Hockey
Hall-Southington 3, Woodstock Academy 2
Monday, Feb. 6
At Veteran's Rink, West Hartford
Woodstock 00 01 01 — 02
Hall-Southington 00 00 03 — 03
First period—No scoring.
Second period—1, Nathan Deluca (Will Liscomb, Douglas Newton), WA, 4:45.
Third period—2, Dusty Kilgore (Brendan Moore), H-S, 14:30; 3, Kilgore (Nate Zmarlicki), H-S, 14:17; 4, Ryan Black, WA, 10:30; 5, Will Carpenter (Graham Kennedy), H-S, 5:37.
Penalties—None.
Shots—WA, 30. H-S, 26
Saves—Carson Hadley, WA, 23. Zach Monti, H-S, 28.
Records—WA, 12-1-1. H-S, 5-6-2.
Hall-Southington 3, Redhawks 1
Wednesday, Feb. 8
At Norwich Free Academy
Hall-Southington 00 02 01 — 03
Redhawks 00 00 01 — 01
First period—No scoring.
Second period—1, Miles Aronow (Anthony Abbatiello, Jeremy Fortin), H-S, 8:15; 2, Michael DiPietro (Drew Booth), H-S, 7:30.
Third period—3, Booth (Will Carpenter), H-S, 12:12; 4, Andrew Bannon, RH, 5:16.
Penalties—H-S, 6 (12:00). RH, 3 (6:00).
Shots—H-S, 57. RH, 16.
Saves—Ben Amor, H-S, 54. Zach Monti, RH, 15.
Records—H-S, 6-6-2. RH, 8-8.
Hall-Southington 3, Enfield-E.Granby-Stafford 3
(Overtime)
Saturday, Feb. 11
At Enfield Twin Rinks
Hall-Southington 00 02 01/0 — 03
Enfield-E.Granby-Stafford 01 00 02/0 — 03
First period—1, Joey Partridge (Zach Hacia, Tyler Cowee), E-EG-S, 10:21.
Second period—2, 15 (3), H-S, 1:38; 3, 15 (10, 11), H-S, 12:10.
Third period—4, 3 (11), H-S, 1:09; 5, Patrick Fleming (Partridge), E-EG-S, 7:10; 6, Robert Vose (Cameron Gaylor, Ryan Murphy), E-EG-S, 12:36.
Overtime—No scoring.
Penalties—H-S, 5 (10:00). E-EG-S, 5 (10:00).
Shots—H-S, 38. E-EG-S, 25
Saves—Zach Monti, H-S, 22. Mason Holt, E-EG-S, 35.
Records—H-S, 6-6-3. E-EG-S, 3-9-2.
Boys Swimming
Southington 90, Simsbury 72
Wednesday, Feb. 8
At Southington YMCA
200 med relay—1, Southington (Tyler Heidgerd, Joey Saverese, PJ Ramsey, Zack Blake), 1:50.81; 2, Southington (Derek Melanson, Julie Duszak, Jacob Holbrook, Evan Bender); 3, Simsbury.
200 free—1, Brendon Egan, Southington, 1:57.59; 2, Molly Egan, Simsbury; 3, Quintin Kimmel, Southington; 4, Ben Wakefield, Southington; 5, Tim Cody, Simsbury.
200 IM—1, James Huang, Simsbury; 2, Melanson, Southington; 3, Heidgerd, Southington; 4, Brian Egan, Southington; 5, Stephen Jiminez, Simsbury.
50 free—1, Ramsey, Southington, 24.39; 2, Nick Kelley, Southington; 3, Daniel Greenberg, Southington; 4, Jimmy Salina, Simsbury; 5, Savarese, Southington.
100 fly—1, Ramsey, Southington, 58.93; 2, Bri. Egan, Southington; 3, Corben Braun, Simsbury; 4, Holbrook, Southington; 5, Joanne Nicholson, Simsbury.
100 free—1, Blake, Southington, 53.25; 2, Heidgerd, Southington; 3, Bender, Southington; 4, Salina, Simsbury; 5, Ryan Ho, Simsbury.
500 free—1, Melanson, Southington, 5:19.27; 2, Bre. Egan, Southington; 3, M. Egan, Simsbury; 4, Kimmel, Southington; 5, Alberto Suarez, Simsbury.
200 free relay—1, Southington (Blake, Kelley, Bri. Egan and Ramsey), 1:38.96; 2, Simsbury; 3, Southington (Holbrook, Alexander Kuhr, Kyle Buchanan, Tom Tsangarides).
100 back—exhibition.
100 breast—exhibition.
400 free relay—exhibition.
Record—Southington, 9-0 (3-0).
Wrestling
Southington 62, New Britain 18
Wednesday, Feb. 8
At New Britain
106—Caleb Brick, forfeit.
113—Jacob Cardozo, SHS, pin Joseph Padilla, NB, 1:01.
120—Jason Brault, pin Jordyn Rowe, NB, 3:44.
126—Elijah Watson, NB, pin Devin Lord, SHS, 1:06.
132—Shaun Wagner, SHS, pin Raul Mateo, NB, 3:32.
138—Nick Mangene, SHS, forfeit.
145—Caleb Chesanow, SHS, forfeit.
152—Austin Abacherli, SHS, forfeit.
160—Paul Calo, SHS, pin Ben Buinickes, NB, 0:46.
170—Sam Mena, SHS, pin Jovany Rodriguez, NB, 3:49.
182—Kamil Kuziora, SHS, forfeit.
195—Marquise Haythe, NB, pin Julian Robles, SHS, 1:09.
220—Rich Rivera, SHS, forfeit.
285—James Starr, SHS, pin Rafael Guzman, NB, 2nd period.
Records—SHS, 14-2.
Gymnastics
Valentine Invitational Meet
Friday, Feb. 10
At Farmington Valley Gymnastics, Plainville
TEAM RESULTS
Team scores—1, Southington, 132.3; 2, South Windsor, 131.65; 3, Glastonbury, 130.55; 4, Conard, 129.2; 5, Farmington, 126.95; 6, Wethersfield, 126.7; 7, Hall, 92.3.
Vault
Glastonbury (33.8)—1, Brianna Feldman, 8.6; 2, Emily Graef, 8.5; 3, Julianna Tierinni, 8.4; 4, Aydan Sullivan, 8.3.
Southington (33.4)—1 (tie), Kayla Birmingham and Taryn Meenan, 8.5; 3, Rachel Williams, 8.3; 4, Victoria Verrilli, 8.1.
South Windsor (33.3)—1 (tie), Serika Govani and Lauren Benson, 8.4; 3, Carissa Hebler, 8.3; 4, Patricia Gerich, 8.2.
Conard (32.8)—1 (tie), Briana Paparazzo and Isa Glynn, 8.4; 3, Brynn Sherry, 8.3; 4, Allison Gilson, 7.7.
Wethersfield (32.2)—1, Nikki Arcari, 8.5; 2, Erin Nargi, 8.2; 3, Abby Sullivan, 7.9; 4, Sarah Gordon, 7.6.
Farmington (31.6)—1, Brittany Chen, 8.6; 2, Dayna Deakin, 7.9; 3, Allie Daugherty, 7.6; 4, Izzy Ruban, 7.5.
Hall (29)—1, Hope Raney, 8.0; 2, Katie Mahoney, 7.2; 3, DeAhna Fisher, 7.0; 4, Alex Bradley, 6.8.
Bars
Glastonbury (32.9)—1, Ashley Zimmerman, 8.7; 2 (tie), Graef and Aydan Sullivan, 8.3; 4, Kashvi Shah, 7.6.
South Windsor (32.8)—1, Gerich, 8.9; 2, Hebler, 8.5; 3, Govani, 8.3; 4, Benson, 7.1.
Farmington (32.25)—1, Karissa Rovella, 8.8; 2, Anna Mihalek, 8.75; 3, Chen, 7.4; 4, Deakin, 7.3.
Southington (32.2)—1, Kat Rothstein, 8.5; 2, Birmingham, 8.1; 3, Williams, 8.0; 4, Megan Walsh, 7.6.
Conard (31.6)—1, Sherry, 8.4; 2, Glynn, 8.0; 3, Paparazzo, 7.8; 4, Gilson, 7.4.
Wethersfield (30.7)—1, Sullivan, 8.6; 2, Nargi, 7.8; 3, Jessica Pratt, 7.2; 4, Kelly Scales, 7.1.
Hall (14.2)—1, Raney, 5.0; 2, Bradley, 4.7; 3, Fisher, 4.5.
Beam
South Windsor (33.1)—1 (tie), Hebler and Benson, 8.4; 3, Govani, 8.2; 4, Gerich, 8.1.
Southington (32.8)—1, Williams, 8.8; 2, Rothstein, 8.4; 3, Walsh, 7.9; 4, Verrilli, 7.7.
Conard (31.4)—1, Paparazzo, 8.8; 2, Glynn, 8.3; 3, Sherry, 7.7; 4, Gilson, 6.6.
Wethersfield (30.6)—1, Sullivan, 8.0; 2, Nargi, 7.9; 3, Scales, 7.4; 4, Pratt, 7.3.
Farmington (30.3)—1, Rovella, 8.3; 2, Chen, 8.2; 3, Deakin, 7.0; 4, Nickole Morris, 6.5.
Glastonbury (30)—1, Graef, 8.4; 2 (tie), Zimmerman and Gina Prosetti, 7.3; 4, Sullivan, 7.0.
Hall (22.7)—1, Fisher, 6.2; 2, Raney, 5.7; 3, Cristina Palmeri, 5.5; 4, Catie McNamara, 5.3.
Floor
Southington (33.9)—1, Williams, 9.1; 2, Meenan, 8.45; 3, Rothstein, 8.35; 4, Birmingham, 8.0.
Glastonbury (33.85)—1, Graef, 8.85; 2 (tie), Tierinni and Feldman, 8.5; 4, Zimmerman, 8.0.
Conard (33.4)—1, Paparazzo, 9.0; 2 (tie), Glynn and Sherry, 8.3; 4, Grace Evans, 7.8.
Wethersfield (33.2)—1, Nargi, 8.8; 2, Sullivan, 8.7; 3, Pratt, 7.9; 4, Scales, 7.8.
Farmington (32.8)—1, Rovella, 8.4; 2, Chen, 8.2; 3, Deakin, 8.0; 4, Ruban, 7.0.
South Windsor (32.45)—1, Gerich, 8.65; 2, Hebler, 8.4; 3, Govani, 7.9; 4, Benson, 7.5.
Hall (26.4)—1, Raney, 7.7; 2, Palmeri, 7.0; 3, McNamara, 6.2; 4, Zoe Bradley, 5.5.
SELECTED INDIVIDUAL RESULTS
Vault—(39 athletes) 1 (tie), Brittany Chen, Farmington, and Brianna Feldman, Glastonbury, 8.6; 3 (tie), Emily Graef, Glastonbury, and Kayla Birmingham, Southington, and Taryn Meenan, Southington, and Nikki Arcari, Wethersfield, 8.5; 7 (tie), Briana Paparazzo, Conard, and Isa Glynn, Conard, and Serika Govani, SouthWindsor, and Lauren Benson, SouthWindsor, and Julianna Tierinni, Glastonbury, 8.4; 12, Rachel Williams, Southington, 8.3; 19 (tie), Victoria Verrilli, Southington, and Mychele Vailancourt, Southington, 8.1; 23, Kat Rothstein, Southington, 8.0.
Bars—(38 athletes) 1, Patricia Gerich, SouthWindsor, 8.9; 2 (tie), Karissa Rovella, Farmington, and Jordan Kermode, Rockville, 8.8; 4, Anna Mihalek, Farmington, 8.75; 5, Ashley Zimmerman, Glastonbury, 8.7; 6, Abby Sullivan, Wethersfield, 8.6; 7 (tie), Kat Rothstein, Southington, and Carissa Hebler, SouthWindsor, 8.5; 9, Brynn Sherry, Conard, 8.4; 10 (tie), Emily Graef, Glastonbury, and Serika Govani, SouthWindsor, and Aydan Sullivan, Glastonbury, 8.3; 13, Kayla Birmingham, Southington, 8.1; 14, Rachel Williams, Southington, 8.0; 19, Megan Walsh, Southington, 7.6; 25, Taryn Meenan, Southington, 7.2; 30, Jen Thai, Southington, 6.7.
Beam—(41 athletes) 1 (tie), Rachel Williams, Southington, and Briana Paparazzo, Conard, 8.8; 3 (tie), Kat Rothstein, Southington, and Emily Graef, Glastonbury, and Carissa Hebler, SouthWindsor, and Lauren Benson, SouthWindsor, 8.4; 7 (tie), Karissa Rovella, Farmington, and Isa Glynn, Conard, 8.3; 9 (tie), Serika Govani, SouthWindsor, and Brittany Chen, Farmington, 8.2; 13, Megan Walsh, Southington, 7.9; 15, Victoria Verrilli, Southington, 7.7; 19 (tie), Kayla Birmingham, Southington, and Taryn Meenan, Southington, 7.4.
Floor—(40 athletes) 1, Rachel Williams, Southington, 9.1; 2, Briana Paparazzo, Conard, 9.0; 3, Emily Graef, Glastonbury, 8.85; 4, Erin Nargi, Wethersfield, 8.8; 5 (tie), Abby Sullivan, Wethersfield, and Karissa Rovella, Farmington, 8.7; 7, Patricia Gerich, SouthWindsor, 8.65; 8 (tie), Emily Louro, RockyHill, and Julianna Tierinni, Glastonbury, and Brianna Feldman, Glastonbury, 8.5; 11, Taryn Meenan, Southington, 8.45; 13, Kat Rothstein, Southington, 8.35; 17, Kayla Birmingham, Southington, 8.0; 25, Victoria Verrilli, Southington, 7.8; 33, Jen Thai, Southington, 7.0.
All-Around—(26 athletes) 1, Rachel Williams, Southington, 34.2; 2, Emily Graef, Glastonbury, 34.05; 3, Briana Paparazzo, Conard, 34.0; 4, Patricia Gerich, SouthWindsor, 33.85; 5, Carissa Hebler, SouthWindsor, 33.6; 6, Kat Rothstein, Southington, 33.25; 7, Abby Sullivan, Wethersfield, 33.2; 8, Karissa Rovella, Farmington, 33.1; 9, Isa Glynn, Conard, 33.0; 10, Serika Govani, SouthWindsor, 32.8; 15, Kayla Birmingham, Southington, 32.0; 17, Taryn Meenan, Southington, 31.55; 37, Megan Walsh, Southington, 15.5; 45, Mychele Vailancourt, Southington, 8.1.
PHILIPPINE Sports Commission (PSC) Commissioner Ramon Fernandez is planning to donate surplus sports equipment that were left untouched at the PSC warehouse to the under-privileged kids of Sisters of Mary School Boystown in Tungkop, Minglanilla.
Fernandez, who closely followed the progress of the series of sports clinics, training and activities conducted by the Cebu Provincial Sports Commission and the different coaches at te Boystown, was quick to respond when he saw the boys watching the opening of the 2017 Cebu Governor's Cup 21-&-Under Inter-Cities/Municipalities Basketball Tournament at the Cebu Coliseum last April 9.
“We will see if we can donate those sports equipment that were just left idle at the PSC Warehouse. It would be a lot of help to those boys, in their effort to excel in sports. I believe they can go a long way with this equipment,” Fernandez told SunStar Cebu.
One of the problems that the coaches and trainers encountered at the Boystown is the lack of training equipment and the donation from the PSC would be sufficient enough to give the boys a good quality equipment.
During his recent visit at the PSC warehouse, Fernandez discovered unused sports equipment such as basketball, football, javelin, mountain bikes among others that were left rotting.
Fernandez wanted to pull it out from the warehouse and send it to the provinces so that they can be put to good use, rather than a fodder for termites.
It has been purchased by the previous PSC board and until now it has not been distributed to the potential recipients.
Taps at Monsignor Haller passed lead tests in re-sampling and the school flushes its taps daily, said the Waterloo Catholic District School Board.
The board is also flushing taps daily at St. Anne Catholic Elementary School in Cambridge. St. Anne failed four lead tests last summer but also passed four lead tests after resampling.
"We are very confident that all of our students and staff have access to clean, safe drinking water," board spokesperson John Shewchuk said in a statement.
Both schools were under renovation and had no students in them when they failed lead tests, Shewchuk said.
The private Kitchener-Waterloo Bilingual School in Waterloo failed six lead tests between April and June 2016. "We tried to figure out what the problem was and we couldn't," principal Mona Balea said.
The school installed filters on all taps and then passed 48 consecutive lead tests between July and September last year. It flushes taps daily, monitors water quality and changes the filters annually to keep its water safe.
"We do everything that we are supposed to do," Balea said.
In a statement, Education Minister Mitzie Hunter said corrective action is taken whenever testing identifies a lead risk.
"These actions could include replacing an old fixture, installing a filter certified to remove lead, or making a tap or water fountain completely inaccessible by bagging it," Hunter said in a statement.
"Every child in a child care centre or school in Ontario is drinking clean, safe water … Parents can rest assured that their kids are safe."
Jeff Outhit can be reached at 519-895-5642 or jouthit@therecord.com .
President Trump to appear in Gov. McMaster campaign ads
COLUMBIA, SC (WOLO) – Governor Henry McMaster is about to hit the airways with his biggest backer.
Tuesday (4/24) Governor McMaster's campaign announced ads will begin airing Wednesday featuring President Donald Trump.
McMaster was the first statewide official to support Donald Trump's presidential bid in 2016.
McMaster will face Catherine Templeton, John Warren, Yancey McGill, and Kevin Bryant in the June 12th Republican primary.
How Labels Can Affect People's Personalities And Potential What is it that makes you...you? How much of a person's personality and potential are based on the expectations of others? NPR's Shankar Vedantam explores new research that suggests the labels we use to categorize people affect not just who they are now, but who they'll become in the future.
The Mercedes-Benz GLC is the German luxury carmaker's best-selling SUV in India.
Mumbai: Mercedes-Benz India Pvt. Ltd on Monday launched a limited edition of its highest selling sports utility vehicle, the Mercedes-Benz GLC, at a price range of Rs50.86 lakh to Rs51.25 lakh.
The rollout of the Celebration Edition of the Mercedes-Benz GLC is to mark 70 years of India's independence, the luxury carmaker said in a statement.
Mercedes-Benz launched the GLC Class in June 2016 and has gone to become the largest selling SUV model in its portfolio. The Celebration Edition offers a sporty exterior and a plush luxurious interior that enhance the car's luxury quotient.
Roland Folger, managing director and chief executive, said that the special edition launch is to commemorate the 70th Independence Day and also celebrate the SUV's overwhelming success.
“We expect the GLC to remain our key volume driver and we are glad that our product strategy has been working well,” Folger added. Within a few months of its launch last June the company began to product GLC locally and became the ninth model to be produced from its Pune plant.
BOSTON -- He's not where he wants to be quite yet, but Bruins forward Patrice Bergeron is inching closer and closer to a return.
Boston's top-line center has missed close to a month after suffering a foot fracture while blocking a shot against the Toronto Maple Leafs on Feb. 24, suiting up for a game against the Sabres on Feb. 25 before heading for the shelf.
Bergeron did take a major step forward in his recovery Monday morning, skating with his teammates during the Bruins' practice at Warrior Ice Arena. While he did not take part in any line rushes, it was an encouraging development for the veteran.
"It felt good," Bergeron said. "It was nice to be back on the ice and skating. It's been a long three weeks, but it was nice to finally move forward and be on the ice and it was nice to stay and be with the guys this morning."
Bergeron, who tallied 27 goals and 27 assists in just 54 games with the Bruins this season, acknowledged that there is still some pain with his foot -- but the discomfort is expected as he starts to accelerate his rehab process.
"There's still a little bit of that, but it's a lot better," Bergeron said. "It was expected. It wasn't going to be perfect when I was going to be back. It's still where we want it to be, I guess."
While Bruins general manager Don Sweeney noted that Bergeron might travel with the team during its upcoming four-game road trip, Bergeron stated that there is no timetable in regards to his expected return to game action.
"I don't even know if I'm going tomorrow," Bergeron said of heading out on the road. "I'm seeing the light at the end of the tunnel now. ... We're not setting a timeline right now. We're just trying to make sure I feel good and get my bearings. So far, I'm happy with where I'm at."
CLOSE Here are some of the top stories we're following for today. 5/29/18 Wochit
Terrance Everett (Photo: DELAWARE STATE POLICE)
When a person voluntarily accepts a Facebook "friend" request from an undercover police officer and then exposes incriminating evidence on that social medium, does the Fourth Amendment protect against this mistaken trust?
The Delaware Supreme Court has ruled it does not.
A three-member panel of Delaware Supreme Court justices on Tuesday said New Castle County Detective Bradley Landis' two-year monitoring of 40-year-old Terrance Everett's Facebook account did not violate constitutional prohibitions against illegal searches.
The justices agreed with a lower court that Everett made the photo accessible to his
"friends" and by doing so he assumed the risk that one of them might be a police
officer or share his information with law enforcement.
"To be clear, there are prohibitions against wiretapping conversations as they are
happening absent a court order," Justice Karen L. Valihura wrote in the 24-page ruling. "We only hold that, as between Everett and his 'false friend,' the undercover Detective Landis, Everett assumed the risk that whoever was behind that account was a law enforcement officer, and, thus, there was no reasonable expectation of privacy that shields the incriminating information he shared."
Everett was sentenced to 15 years in prison last year based on evidence Landis found on Everett's Facebook page.
Delaware law enforcement has been using social media accounts to arrest and prosecute people.
In a recent murder trial, prosecutors introduced dozens of public Facebook posts that they claimed showed the promotion of gang activity. Before he was convicted last month of murdering Brando Wingo, prosecutors showed jurors pictures of posts made by Diamonte Taylor disrespecting the victim.
According to court records, Landis began monitoring Everett's Facebook account at some point during 2012 or 2013. Using a fake profile, along with a false name and pictures, Landis at some point sent Everett a friend request, which was accepted.
On Nov. 4, 2015, Landis saw a photo on Everett's account that showed a nightstand with several items on top of it, including a handgun. Although Everett was not in the photo, the caption read, "Just getting in for the night, how I sleep every night."
Because Everett is a convicted felon, he is prohibited from having a weapon.
Landis applied for a search warrant of Everett's house. When the search was executed the following day, police found a loaded 9-mm Smith & Wesson handgun.
Everett was arrested a few days later and indicted on possession of a firearm by a person prohibited and possession of ammunition by a person prohibited.
A Superior Court jury found Everett guilty of only one of the charges, possession of a firearm. After the state filed a motion to declare him a habitual offender, Everett was sentenced to 15 years in prison.
Shortly after he was arrested in this matter, Everett was charged with the September 2015 shooting at the Gold Club near Wilmington. Those charges were dropped in July 2016.
Contact Esteban Parra at (302) 324-2299, eparra@delawareonline.com or Twitter @eparra3.
SOCIAL MEDIA AND CRIMES:
Facebook insult led to slaying of Brandon Wingo, STK gang member says
Murder suspect's Facebook page down after comments posted
Stolen WiLDWiCH food truck returned to Wilmington after morning in Philadelphia
Video shows special needs student being beaten at Delaware high school
3rd teen arrested in videotaped beating
Read or Share this story: https://www.delawareonline.com/story/news/crime/2018/05/30/friending-undercover-cop-facebook-does-not-violate-fourth-amendment-guarantee-against-illegal-search/653653002/
It's no secret that Target love is real and alive. And although you probably didn't need another excuse to take another weekly trip to the store where you are guaranteed to buy spend an extra $50 you don't have, you should know there are a bunch of trendy things no millennial should be able to resist buying from Target. Unsurprisingly to anyone who's ever gone into a fugue state in a Target aisle and ended up purchasing half the store, there are a ton of super classy, ridiculously affordable things you kind of need in your life — from home decor to accessories to (obviously) snacks.
Target's young people appeal is actually strategic, according to TIME — they're specifically opening more small Target locations in college towns now. This is all in an effort to reach its target market, so really, if you end up going over budget, it's kind of not even your fault, right? (Right.) And as it turns out, you really might not be fully to blame — turns out even the music played at Target is a strategic move to keep you in the store longer.
So now that you have a lot of explanations for why you're so in love with your favorite bullseye store, might as well save you some time perusing the aisles — here are some Target faves you're going to fall in love with, guaranteed.
1 Marble Accent Lamp Target Marble Accent Lamp, $33.24, Target You can light up a room both literally and aesthetically with this pretty textured modern lamp. It's so chic and modern that it will make you feel cool, even when you're using it to crank out that last-minute work project you're on deadline for on a Friday night.
2 Wine Lace Bottle Cover Target Wine Lace Bottle Cover, $11.59, Target If you've ever wanted to feel extra classy while drinking your favorite rosé, get this bottle cover. Show up to any party with it and you'll be an instant classic.
3 Gold and Marble Pillar candleholder Target Gold and Marble Pillar candleholder, $14.99, Target When you're burning something yummy in the house, let this very shiny and pretty candleholder light the way. It looks way more expensive than it actually is, doesn't it?
4 10" Round Wall Clock Gold & Walnut Finish Target 10" Round Wall Clock Gold & Walnut Finish, $8.99, Target Father Time has a cool, more attractive little bro. Try keeping track of your hours with this stylish alternative to the oh-so-boring clock on your microwave.
5-Star Figurine Metal Tabletop Décor In Steel Finish Target Star Figurine Metal Tabletop Décor In Steel Finish, $19.99, Target This is the future, where we have to admit we're older. Older, as in, we're at that age where we can appreciate home decor so much that putting a fascinating geometric fixture on your kitchen or coffee table sounds appealing AF. Embrace the desire. Give in. It's so pretty, isn't it?
6 Gypsy Rose Tapestry Target Gypsy Rose Tapestry, $26.99, Target Your walls could use some livening up, so wrap them up with this mystical addition to your room. The pattern is soothing, and your guests will also be fascinated by its bright colors and chill vibe.
7 Metallic Knit Throw Blanket Target Metallic Knit Throw Blanket, $19.99, Target Just go ahead and ~throw~ this on your couch for an instant livening up of your space. It's so cute and simple that you can totally make room in your bank account and heart for it, right?
8 Bird Print Scarf Target Bird Print Scarf, $9.99, Target The minimalistic design on this is sure to make your heart sing. It's perfect for ushering in the new spring season, and a great upgrade from the overly wooly scarves that mark our cold winters!
9 Yes Way Rosé Yes Way Rosé, $13, Target Target just recently announced its partnership with the Yes Way Rosé wine and lifestyle brand, which is bringing $13, extremely Instagrammable wine to a Target near you, as of March 4. We can all toast to that!
10 Stoneware Coffee Mugs In Charming Pink Target Stoneware Coffee Mug, $1.99, Target Not only does this mug come in four other ridiculously chic colors, but it holds a whopping 16 ounces of coffee, making it the perfect (and heck affordable!) option for your cozy work mug to perk you up in the morning.
11 Sudio TVÅ Bluetooth Wired Earbuds With Mic Target Sudio TVÅ Bluetooth Wired Earbuds with Mic, $39.99, Target These babies come in pink, black, gold, and white, so you have options to match whatever ~aesthetic~ you're going with on your lunch walk today.
12 Canvas Weekender Bag Target Women's Canvas Weekender Bag, $34.99, Target Whether you're going on an adventure or just popping over to your next hangout, this bag can hold all of your essentials. The handles and straps also give you versatile ways to hold it. Perfection.
13 Mongolian Faux Fur Throw Pillow Target Mongolian Faux Fur Throw Pillow, $19.99, Target This fuzzy friend comes in white, black, blush (pink), grey, blue, and brown (honestly more tan?). Won't you take 'em home? Your bed will thank you for the instant style upgrade!
14 Color of Kiss Framed Art Print Target Color of Kiss Framed Art Print, $29.99, Target You can't afford any Warhols, but this fascinating painting will do for a fraction of the price.
15 Terracotta and Wood House Plant Stand Target Terracotta and Wood House Plant Stand, $24.99, Target If you're a sucker for a good house plant (or a sucker for a succulent, if you like that alliteration), put that baby in here for all to see. It's a chic way to show off wood with wood. Woohoo!
16 Canteen Crossbody Bag Target Women's Canteen Crossbody Bag, $21.99, Target It's music festival and farmer's market season! Put this bag on to walk the streets feeling like a million dollars (when you spent less than $25!). Smooth faux leather has never looked so classy, for this cheap.
A LEEDS man who waved a ‘Braveheart' sword above his head in a city street after his relationship with his girlfriend broke down has been jailed for 14 months.
Leeds Crown Court heard Alan McTear's ex-partner was scared and upset as he waved the sword about in a street near her home in East Leeds.
Prosecutor, Robert Galley said McTear, 25, called police at around 3pm on November 20 last year claiming his belongings had been thrown on the street.
Mr Galley said minutes later, McTear's ex-partner Laura Redman called police to say McTear had stolen a Sony Play Station and games from her home on Glensdale Terrace.
The court heard Miss Redman went to a mutual friend's house nearby and while she was there McTear arrived.
Mr Galley said: “He picked up the replica Braveheart sword and was shouting ‘let's have some fun' as he emerged into the street
“As he was making his way back to Miss Redman's address, he was waving the sword over his head. She was on the opposite side of the road. She was scared and upset and fearful.”
Mitigating, Christopher Moran, said McTear suffers from anxiety and depression and is genuinely remorseful.
McTear, of Glensdale Grove, Leeds, admitted theft of the Play Station and having a bladed article.
Jailing McTear for 14 months, Recorder Samuel Green told him: “You got a sword and you waved it around in public. It must have been terrifying for all who saw it.”
You could win a 99 KZ Country hat weekday mornings in the 9 am hour with Theresa Trapp.
Theresa will play the first few seconds of a song. Be the first caller at 785-628-2995 with the title of the song to win a KHAZ hat provided by Eagle Technology Solutions, Technology Done Right.
Winners will need to pick up their hats at the KHAZ Studio, 2300 Hall in Hays, KS within 30 days of winning.
Remember, one win per household per 30 days!
Join fans of 99 KZ Country on Facebook: http://www.facebook.com/99KZCountry
(AP) Before his death, Prince abused opioid pain pills, suffered withdrawal symptoms and received at least one opioid prescription under his bodyguard's name, according to search warrants and affidavits unsealed Monday.
Prince was 57 when he was found alone and unresponsive in an elevator at Paisley Park on April 21. Nearly a year after his accidental overdose death at his suburban Minneapolis studio and estate, investigators still don't know how he got the fentanyl that killed him. The newly unsealed documents give the clearest picture yet of Prince's struggle with opioid painkillers.
___
WHAT DO AUTHORITIES SAY HAPPENED?
Investigators heard plenty from the people at Paisley Park when Prince's body was discovered. They told investigators that Prince was recently “going through withdrawals, which are believed to be the result of the abuse of prescription medication.”
When authorities later checked a database set up to monitor who's getting prescriptions for controlled substances, they found nothing for Prince. But there was a prescription for the opioid painkiller oxycodone written for Kirk Johnson, Prince's bodyguard.
The prescription was dated April 14, 2016, the same day Prince was revived with an anti-overdose drug after falling ill on a plane. Dr. Michael Schulenberg, who wrote the prescription, told authorities he put the prescription in Johnson's name to protect Prince's privacy, according to a detective's affidavit. Schulenberg's attorney, Amy Conners, said in a statement that Schulenberg never prescribed opioids to Prince directly nor to another person with the intent of giving them to the singer.
Johnson's attorney, Clayton Tyler, said Johnson “did not secure nor supply the drugs which caused Prince's death.” An autopsy showed Prince died of an overdose of fentanyl, another drug in the opioid family.
___
WHAT ARE POTENTIAL CHARGES?
Writing a prescription under another person's name violates state and federal law, said Ruth Martinez, executive director of the Minnesota Board of Medical Practice.
Martinez said she could not comment on whether the board is investigating Schulenberg's treatment of Prince. The agency's website on Monday listed no disciplinary or corrective actions taken against the doctor.
The board doesn't launch investigations unless someone makes a complaint. Complaints typically take 90 to 120 days to resolve, she said.
A person convicted under the law could be stripped of the ability to prescribe controlled substances by the U.S. Drug Enforcement Administration and face other discipline from the state medical board.
___
WHY NO CHARGES YET?
A year might seem like a long time without charges, but criminal justice experts say the fact that no one's been charged doesn't mean no one ever will. They say it's a complex thing to track illegally obtained pills, and investigators and prosecutors want to build strong cases before interviewing witnesses who might provide useful information.
Although they can resort to subpoenas, the targets can exercise their right against self-incrimination — and the only way to get them to talk after that is by offering immunity. And, experts say, prosecutors and investigators don't want to lose a high-profile case such as Prince's — likely increasing their caution.
___
HOW OFTEN DO PRESCRIBERS USE FALSE NAMES?
Martinez of the Minnesota medical board said it's “quite infrequent” for a doctor to write out a prescription for someone in another person's name.
Two Los Angeles attorneys say it happens all the time in Hollywood. Celebrities frequently use aliases in hospitals and doctor's offices.
Laws against prescribing with a false name are not usually enforced when a doctor intends to protect a celebrity's privacy, said Los Angeles attorney Ellyn Garofalo.
She represented a doctor who was acquitted of all charges, including false name allegations, in the death of Anna Nicole Smith, the Playboy model and reality TV star who died of an accidental overdose in 2007.
“They would be indicting every pharmacist in Beverly Hills if this were strictly enforced,” Garofalo said Monday.
Los Angeles criminal defense attorney Harland Braun said there are good reasons for doctors to want to protect privacy with the insatiable appetite for celebrity gossip.
“Say you have a major male actor who has a prescription for Viagra, do you want that out on TMZ?” Braun said.
Ghobash also mentioned his book ‘Letters to a young Muslim,' which embraces diversity and addresses radical Islam. He pointed out that in the last few years, he did not witness much progress in bridging the gap between the modern world and past centuries. “I wrote this book for my two sons who are 12 and 16. I looked back to when I was 15-year-old and the experiences I had inside the mosque and outside, and I put myself in the place of a 15-year-old living in the 21st century and looked at questions that were not answered,” he said.
IT WAS a time when a village in the Yorkshire Wolds clattered to the sound of 15 potteries, and an area south of Leeds city centre to eight more.
The earthenware dinner sets they turned out were more Woolworths than Wedgwood, but they were a fixture on the sideboards of middle-class homes across the county for generations.
Students Hanyi Jin, Beth Arscott, Amarjit Singh, and Kate Stevens in the exhibtion space.
Most were broken up long ago, but a few surviving relics of the fashion for so-called creamware – plain pots that would serve as status symbols as readily as they could serve salad – are now being dusted off for a new exhibition.
The display, and the story of the region's crockery heritage, has been pieced together by MA students at Leeds University learning the art of museum curation.
The pots would have served originally as the “best china” in households that would not have aspired to Royal Doulton but whose occupants could nevertheless splash out on small luxuries, said Beth Arscott, one of the trainee curators.
The old plates, cups and “bon bon bowls”, dating from the 1760s to the late 19th century, were handed down through the generations and can still be found in the display cabinets of traditional Yorkshire homes.
A plate that mixes Oriental wigures with African zebras
Some have Willow patterns and Chinese-influenced stylings, but, said Ms Arscott, “most are plain – no decorations, no frills and no fancies. It meant the potteries could save production costs by not paying painters”.
Yorkshire's potteries were centered on Burton Lodge near Driffield, and in the Hunslet district of Leeds, close to the River Hull and the Aire respectively. The Leeds activity was at its peak at around 1835, but most pieces from the period were not marked, making it hard to attribute pieces to individual potteries.
“It wasn't on the same scale as the Potteries in the Midlands, but it was a big industry in the area and a lot of people were employed in it,” said Ms Arscott.
By the mid-19th century, creamware had become sufficiently affordable for even lower class-families.
A tiny teapot from an age when tea was too expensive not to be just sipped
“Yorkshire pottery is a real economic indicator of a period when the middle classes were expanding,” Ms Arscott added.
The 22 items on show at the university's Stanley and Audrey Burton Gallery have been drawn from the in-house art store, and include examples of twisted rope handles, braidings and flutings intended to make the crockery look more expensive than it actually was.
“It was obviously made quite cheaply and a lot of it is much lighter than you would expect,” Ms Arscott said.
The collection betrays kitchen customs of generations past – with examples of jelly moulds and knife rests that would protect the best tablecloth.
An oil and vinegar stand
There is also a tiny floral teapot from the early 19th century, a time when tea was too expensive to be drunk in anything but the smallest quantities.
Despite the lack of decorative art in most of the pieces, one design, which used transfers rather than hand painting, managed to throw everything but the kitchen sink at the Yorkshire tea table.
The blue and white plate has not only Oriental figures and a sailing junk, but also a pair of African zebras in the background.
The exhibition, in Leeds University's Parkinson building, is open until March.
Leeds Pottery in Hunslet was region's biggest producer of creamware, and exported its plates across Europe.
The firm was founded by Richard Humble and John and Joshua Green around 1770 and began trading under the name Humble, Green and Co before becoming Warburton and Britton and finally Richard Britton and Sons.
Its factory in Dewsbury Road boasted a row of huge brick kilns and a converted windmill, which replaced a flint mill at Thorp Arch. After its closure in 1881 the site became a corporation gasworks.
The original potteries of the East Riding are little documented, but the industry saw a revival in the 1970s with the success of the distinctive designs of Hornsea Pottery.
43 failings by Met detectives who spent 16 months and over £2 million
The man who claimed he was the victim of a VIP child sex abuse and murder ring, which led to the investigation of British politicians, has been charged with 12 counts of perverting the course of justice and one of fraud.The 50-year-old man, who cannot not be officially named for legal reasons, known only as 'Nick', has been charged over false claims of child sexual abuse and child killings, the Crown Prosecution Service (CPS) said on Tuesday.The accusations made by Nick led toThe claims prompted the Met Police to investigate high ranking public servants such as Leon Brittan, the former Tory home secretary under Margaret Thatcher; Conservative MP Harvey Proctor; and ex-military chief Lord Bramall.One charge against Nick relates to Proctor and accuses him of "doing acts tending and intended to pervert the course of public justice, in that he made a false allegation of witnessing the child homicide of an unnamed boy committed by Mr Harvey Proctor," say the CPS.The CPS said on Tuesday that it had looked at evidence from an investigation by Northumbria Police before making its decision.Frank Ferguson, the CPS head of special crime, said: "The CPS has considered a file of evidence from Northumbria police relating to allegations of perverting the course of justice and fraud by a 50-year-old man."The police investigation provided evidence that the man had made a number of false allegations alleging multiple homicides and sexual abuse said to have been carried out in the 1970s and 1980s."Following careful consideration we have concluded there is sufficient evidence to bring a number of criminal charges."He has today beenand will appear before Westminster magistrates court in due course."The recriminations from Operation Midland, which wase, led to an inquiry by a retired senior judge, Sir Richard Henriques.
LOS ANGELES, Calif. – A woman reported missing in Northern California last November has been found in an unusual, but highly visible place: on a popular reality television program.
Eagle-eyed viewers of “The Bachelor” identified Rebekah Helena Martinez this week as a contestant on the show's current season after the North Coast Journal showed her photo among 35 people missing in Humboldt County, according to the publication.
Martinez, 22, has been listed as missing on the California Department of Justice's website since Nov. 12. The date, according to the website, was the last time the young woman was seen.
On Thursday, the North Coast Journal posted a story, accompanied by photographs, about missing people in Humboldt County on Facebook, asking if any of their readers recognized anyone on the list.
And they did.
The first to respond, Amy Bonner O'Brien, said she recognized Martinez as a contestant on the latest season of “The Bachelor”; the long-running reality television series began airing its 22nd season at the beginning of last month.
“I was just scrolling through the 35 missing people and I recognized some of them from news stories,” O'Brien recalled in an interview with SFGate. “When I got to her, I was like wait a minute, she looks so familiar and I instantly thought of ‘The Bachelor.'”
The Journal followed up on the tip, contacting the Humboldt County Sheriff's Office after tracking down an Instagram account belonging to Martinez. The account had been active throughout the time the woman had been listed as missing.
MOM. how many times do I have to tell you I don't get cell service on The Bachelor?? https://t.co/iYnxQCIZBt — bekah martinez ♡ (@whats_ur_sign_) February 2, 2018
A short time later, the deputy who took the missing person's report confirmed to the publication that she had been located. The deputy spoke with Martinez over the phone, according to sheriff's spokeswoman Samantha Karges.
She told the Journal that Martinez's mother reported her daughter missing on Nov. 18, six days after she had last been seen. Martinez had told her mother she was going to work on a marijuana farm in Humboldt County.
“As part of procedure, Humboldt County Sheriff's Office deputies are typically required to make direct contact with the missing person to confirm status and well-being, as geographical and other factors allow,” the Sheriff's Office said in a statement obtained by the New York Times. “A deputy was not able to make direct contact with Martinez and she was not removed from the Missing and Unidentified Persons System.”
Martinez had posted on Sept. 17 that she was giving up her phone and social media for several weeks. Her next post was dated Nov. 22.
According to her contestant biography on ABC's website, Martinez — who goes by Bekah M. — is from Fresno and works as a nanny.
TORONTO — Canada has a little more information on who it might face in a repechage tournament to decide the last Rugby World Cup qualifier.
Belgium's 18-10 controversial upset win over No. 20 Spain on Sunday meant No. 17 Romania qualifies for the 2019 World Cup in Japan as Europe 1.
Georgia, ranked 12th in the world, topped the Rugby Europe Championship standings with a 5-0-0 record but had already qualified for the World Cup by virtue of its third-place pool finish in the 2015 tournament. That opened the door to Romania, which finished second in the standings.
A win over No. 25 Belgium would have meant automatic qualification for the Spaniards rather than Romania. And there was an ugly ending to the game as angry Spanish players confronted Romanian referee Vlad Iordaschescu, who along with his two Romanian assistant referees had to be escorted from the field by security.
World Rugby, which does not appoint match officials for Rugby Europe Championship qualifiers, is looking into the appointment of a Romanian referee given the ramifications of the result for Romania.
All of Belgium's points came from penalty kicks.
Spain will now play No. 23 Portugal, with the winner advancing to face No. 16 Samoa home and away. The series winner will book its ticket to Japan as the so-called playoff winner in Pool A while the loser joins 21st-ranked Canada in the four-team repechage in November.
The Belgian win was likely good news for Canada, which lost 25-9 to Romania the last time they met in 2017. Canada beat Spain 37-27 that same year.
The Africa Cup runner-up, likely No. 24 Namibia, No. 30 Kenya or No. 44 Zimbabwe, will also qualify for the repechage. The final repechage team will be the series winner between Asia 2 (likely No. 22 Hong Kong) and No. 85 Tahiti.
The four repechage teams will play a round-robin to decide which country will draw into Pool B in Japan with New Zealand, South Africa, Italy and Africa 1.
For the first time since the election in 2016, more Americans expect stocks to fall over the next 12 months than rise, according to Conference Board's Consumer Confidence survey in April.
Stocks peaked in January 2018 after a 22% surge in the prior year.
Americans have turned on the stock market — for now.
More people expect the stock market to fall over the next year than people who predict the opposite, according to the Conference Board's April survey of consumers.
The index that tracks expectations for a decrease frequently zooms past the index that tracks an increase. But this happened in April for the first time since the election in November 2016, when the stock market extended what became known as the Trump rally.
Stocks peaked in January 2018 after a 22% surge in the prior year, the second-best annual gain since the Great Recession. That month, the index of expectations for stocks to continue rising peaked, too.
The good news is that consumers' overall assessment of the economy is still good, and in fact improved in April.
Russian intelligence officials made repeated contact with members of President Trump's campaign staff, according to new reports that cite anonymous U.S. officials. American agencies were concerned about the contacts but haven't seen proof of collusion between the campaign and the Russian security apparatus, the reports say.
Law enforcement and intelligence agencies intercepted the calls at the same time as they investigated Russia's attempts to tamper with the presidential election, according to The New York Times, which first reported the contacts.
According to CNN, "The communications were intercepted during routine intelligence collection targeting Russian officials and other Russian nationals known to U.S. intelligence."
Both CNN and the Times cite multiple current and former U.S. officials as the sources for their stories.
Reporter Matt Apuzzo, part of the Times team that broke the story, tells NPR's Morning Edition that while officials said they haven't seen proof of collusion — "just the flurry of contacts was enough, and the timing of the contacts, was enough to get them very concerned."
U.S. agencies are still working to determine the reasons behind the contacts, officials tell both news outlets.
President Trump called the reports "conspiracy theories" early Wednesday, in response to the stories:
"The fake news media is going crazy with their conspiracy theories and blind hatred," the president wrote. He then added that MSNBC and CNN are "unwatchable," while the Fox News program Fox & Friends "is great."
The Kremlin had a similar response, with Russian Presidential Spokesman Dmitry Peskov saying, "Let us not believe in what media say, for nowadays it is very difficult to tell actual news from fake ones."
That's according to state-run Tass media, which adds that Peskov also criticized the use of anonymous sources by the media.
Allegations about Trump's involvement with Russia have ranged from reports last month of a dossier that alleged collusion between the then-candidate and Russian President Vladimir Putin to a public call from the candidate himself last July, when he urged Russian agents to "find" Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton's emails and release them.
The FBI has been investigating contacts between Trump aides and Russia; in Congress, there are also calls for public investigations. Last month, the Senate Select Committee on Intelligence announced it would investigate allegations that Russia meddled in the U.S. elections.
But there is resistance among Republicans in Congress to go after one of their own, particularly as the new president is settling into the White House.
Republican Rep. Mike Johnson of Louisiana, who's on the House Judiciary Committee, tells Morning Edition, "I don't think we need an independent investigation here, I think we need to let the Intelligence and the Judiciary committees do their work."
That work, he said, includes receiving classified briefings about the new allegations. Johnson also raised questions about leaks in the government — particularly of information that's drawn from surveillance that swept up the communications of U.S. citizens.
"There are some serious legal implications here," Johnson said, "but it has nothing to do with partisan politics. I mean, the leak of highly classified information by what is apparent here — a number of individuals inside our intelligence community — is the illegal act that I think we need to review."
Johnson also faulted intelligence agencies for not doing more to protect the identity of Americans — such as former National Security Adviser Michael Flynn — whose communications with a foreign national were monitored.
New reports of contacts between the Trump campaign and Russia follow the exit of a third member of Donald Trump's inner circle in the past 12 months amid allegations of inappropriate contact with the country:
Michael Flynn resigned as national security adviser this week over the handling of his contacts with Russia's ambassador to the U.S.;
Paul Manafort, resigned as Trump's campaign chairman last August amid reports of his attempts to align Trump's policies with Russian interests;
Carter Page removed himself as a foreign policy adviser last September, as reports emerged about a visit to Russia and other potential contacts.
Manafort and Flynn were among the senior Trump team members who were "regularly communicating with Russian nationals," CNN reports.
In an interview with the Times, Manafort called the officials' account "absurd" and said he had never had anything to do with Putin's government.
Manafort told the newspaper, "It's not like these people wear badges that say, 'I'm a Russian intelligence officer.'"
Yet our brains are the world's most valuable piece of real estate in the universe. They produce world-changing ideas, create beautiful art, and explore the great mysteries of life. We allow trivial decisions and endless choices to buzz in front of our brains all day. They're flashing lights. Preventing you from pushing deeper. How can — ding! — think about — ping! — when all you're — ring!
According to Baydin , one of the world's largest email management firms, we're getting an average of 147 emails a day. We check our cellphones more than 150 times. Want to hear something crazier? American research firm dScore says we touch our cellphones 2,500 times a day.
We're buzzing, we're busy, and sometimes we don't know which way we're going.
In the research I did for The Happiness Equation, I found I made nearly 300 decisions on an average day. My brain was contemplating, weighing, evaluating, and deciding every minute I was awake.
When tiny decisions squat on your primo lot rent-free, they don't pay, they don't apologize. They just steal brainpower. Sure, a lot of this comes from our increasingly connected world. Nicholas Carr , author of New York Times bestseller The Shallows, says, “The Net's interactivity gives us powerful new tools for finding information, expressing ourselves, and conversing with others. It also turns us into lab rats constantly pressing levers to get tiny pellets of social or intellectual nourishment.”
But there is a secret. A secret to removing choice and making every decision at twice the speed.
After studying personal leadership traits among successful Ivy League grads, Fortune 500 CEOs, and bestselling authors, I slowly discovered the most successful people use a version of the same idea to rid their brains of all the extra weight of hundreds of decisions a day.
I call it The Space Scribble.
Every decision you make sits somewhere in this box.
It takes a little time . . . or a lot! It's not very important . . . or it's a big deal!
Let me explain.
Automate
Buying toilet paper and detergent. Paying the phone bill. Deciding your route to work. Picking your workout routine. If it's low in time and low in importance, your goal is to automate. Outsource your brain completely and don't think about it again. Set online refills to ship toilet paper and detergent monthly. Set up auto bill payments from your bank account. Download Waze and mindlessly drive downside streets and dark alleys on your way to work. Set a workout schedule and follow it. Free your brain. Just don't mistake these smaller decisions for the more important decisions in which they reside. Deciding to work out every day is important. Picking which dumbbell to lift next is not. An example is that I'm making videos for every single one of these articles that are posted to thestar.com and the Star's YouTube channel. Do you notice I'm wearing the same thing in every video? I don't want to think about what to wear every time I'm giving a speech or doing a spot on a TV show so I automate the decision.
Regulate
Checking email. Managing your calendar. Doing chores. If it's high in time and low in importance, your goal is to regulate. Make rules and follow them. Set an email window. A single calendar review meeting. A chores blitz once a month instead of painfully doing one or two a day. I'll give you an example. My family and I live in an old house. Something breaks every day. A patio stone is suddenly wobbly. A wall needs a paint touch up. A toilet is making donkey noises. When we moved in it was driving us nuts! Then I emailed my wife Leslie an invite to a new recurring meeting. It was called “Old House Day” and it was slated for 9 a.m. to 12 p.m. on the first Saturday of every month. Lucky for me, she accepted! But suddenly, by having a regulated time we did all the fix up chores, the other 30 days of the month were mentally freed up. Now we keep a list on the inside of our kitchen cupboard. When something goes wrong ... just add it to the list and don't worry.
Effectuate
Grabbing the kids from daycare. Eating dinner with the family every night. Saying hi to your team every morning. There are some things you just have to do. Effectuate is a big word with a simple meaning: Git 'er done. Nail it. Just do it. Execute. If it's low in time but high in importance, your goal is to just do it. There is no decision to make. Simply effectuate.
Debate
Buying a house. Picking a spouse. Applying for a job. Moving. High-importance, high-time decisions are the ones to spend the most time on. Debate in your head, call trusted friends, list the pros and cons. Slow the decision down to molasses so you can engage in a proper debate. These are the life-changers that really matter.
Automate, Regulate, and Effectuate all remove decisions from your head.
What are you left with? Debate.
Deep thinking, questioning, wondering.
Weighing big decisions that matter in order to avoid making bad ones.
Every now and then, thinking about the decisions in your life and writing them down in this box will help sort out for yourself what matters and what doesn't. What can you Automate so you never think about it again? What can you Regulate so you do it in set times and windows? What can you Effectuate as something you simply just do? And what can you Debate — what big thoughts can you chew on to make sure you're doing the right thing?
Over time you will do this automatically, without thinking about it. You will have developed the muscle to automatically chunk out your decisions.
Now, the secret isn't perfect. Sometimes small decisions will leak out and become big deals in your head. But that's OK. Remember: The goal is not to be perfect. The goal is just to be better than before.
Automating, regulating, and effectuating free your mind and free your time.
Your aching brain will thank you.
BINGHAMTON, N.Y. — Ethan Werek was the lone scorer in the shootout as the Belleville Senators edged the Binghamton Devils 3-2 on Friday in American Hockey League action.
Nick Paul and Macoy Erkamps scored in regulation time for Belleville (19-24-4), the AHL affiliate of the Ottawa Senators. Danny Taylor made 36 saves and turned away four skaters in the shootout for the win.
Steven Santini and Jacob MacDonald supplied the offence for Binghamton (12-23-9). Eddie Lack stopped 28 shots and the first three skaters he faced in the shootout before Werek's winner.
Belleville was 1 for 3 on the power play and the Devils went 1 for 5 with the man advantage.
An elderly woman was rescued by neighbours after a fire broke out at her home.
Fire crews from South Kirkby and Cudworth were called to her home at West Street, South Kirkby at around 1.40am this morning.
An unattended chip pan had been left on by mistake and had caught fire.
The blaze had triggered smoke alarms at the property and the lady was woken up and helped out by neighbours.
She suffered smoke inhalation.
Fire teams said the incident highlighted the importance of having working smoke alarms.
People can contact the fire service to have them installed.
EDMONTON—Alberta environmentalists say the federal government's announcement to buy the Trans Mountain pipeline for $4.5 billion has only strengthened their opposition to the project. Calling the decision to buy the pipeline a “completely unacceptable use of public funds,” Anna Gerrard — a member of Climate Justice Edmonton — says the group will double down on its efforts to oppose the project.
Finance Minister Bill Morneau, centre, leaves a news conference in Calgary on Wednesday. ( Jeff McIntosh / The Canadian Press )
On Wednesday, they joined other Alberta-based anti-pipeline protesters to interrupt Finance Minister Bill Morneau's speech to the business community in Calgary. “This purchase does nothing to curb the Indigenous-led resistance this pipeline faces in the courts and the streets,” said Bronwen Tucker, a member of the Council of Canadians, in a statement to StarMetro. Tucker joined Gerrard at Morneau's speech in downtown Calgary before the group was escorted out of the venue.
Article Continued Below
“We will continue to fight this in the courts, in the streets, on the land and in the water until this project is defeated,” Gerrard said in a phone interview with StarMetro shortly after the protest. “Kinder Morgan bailed out — they didn't think that this project was certain enough for their shareholders.” Climate Justice Edmonton is one of the groups at the forefront of anti-pipeline opposition in Edmonton. They say Indigenous groups have not been adequately consulted on the project and that the pipeline poses a threat to Canada's climate change goals. While several First Nations on the route of the planned pipeline expansion have expressed an interest in purchasing a stake in the project, others remain opposed. The Squamish First Nation, located outside Vancouver, B.C., called the decision to purchase the pipeline a “betrayal of promises” by Prime Minister Justin Trudeau. Kinder Morgan halted all non-essential spending on the pipeline expansion in April, setting a May 31 deadline for all parties to come to an agreement.
The pipeline remains at the centre of a row between Alberta and British Columbia. While B.C. Premier John Horgan is worried about possible risks he says the pipeline could pose to the coastline, the Alberta New Democratic Party government says the project is essential to get bitumen from the oilsands to tidewater.
Article Continued Below
Following the announcement of the sale, Kinder Morgan agreed to start construction this summer as planned, and will work until July 22 trying to find another private-sector buyer. If no one comes forward, only then will Kinder Morgan take Ottawa's $4.5-billion offer to its shareholders. Pending their approval, the sale would be finalized sometime in August or September. The pipeline purchase would also transfer to the federal government all the people involved in building the expansion, including project managers and construction workers. Canada would then proceed with construction, selling the pipeline when it would generate the best return. “The federal government has poured billions of public dollars into a failing pipeline project that goes against their own commitments to the climate, to phase out fossil subsidies, to Indigenous rights and then to protect the coast, as well,” said Mike Hudema, an Edmonton-based activist with Greenpeace Canada. He says the government's decision to buy the pipeline will embolden protests against the project — both in Alberta and across the country. “It's really a reckless announcement for a pipeline that likely won't be built and now the public's on the hook for it,” he said. “The opposition is going to continue to escalate.” With files from The Canadian Press Ameya Charnalia is a general assignment reporter based in Edmonton. Reach him via email: Ameya.charnalia@metronews.ca
Read more about:
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
David Beckham's sister Joanne has given birth to her first child.
Her partner Big Brother star Kris Donnelly announced the happy news on Instagram with pictures of his newborn daughter.
And he revealed they've given her a proper East End name - fitting as Joanne was raised with her big brother David in Leytonstone in East London.
“THATS MY GIRL (sic)," Kris wrote.
(Image: joannebeckham/Instagram)
(Image: joannebeckham/Instagram)
(Image: joannebeckham/Instagram)
“Peggy came into our world on Saturday night… Mummy did amazing!
“The love I feel for the both of you is unexplainable.”
Earlier this year, David Beckham 's little sister confirmed her pregnancy with a sweet black and white snap of Kris planting a kiss on her growing bump.
(Image: Joannebeckham/Instagram)
"W H E N. T W O. B E C O M E. T H R E E !!! @krissydonners ," she wrote.
"If someone had told us at the start of the year how our lives would change I would never have believed it ... Baby Donnelly en route #happydays #cantwaittomeetyou #mummyanddadddy."
In June it was reported that Joanne, who was a hairdresser for 16 years before launching her own luxury concierge business, was four months along and would be expecting their bundle of joy shortly before Christmas.
Joanne, 35, and Kris only went official with their relationship in May.
(Image: krissydonners/Instagram)
Kris, 42, first rose to prominence after appearing in the 2012 version of Big Brother .
He later worked as a model, which saw him split his time between Ibiza and New Zealand, before launching a selfie stick business.
He previously dated Hollyoaks actress Jorgie Porter.
(Image: krissydonners/Instagram)
Joanne is the youngest of three Beckham children - eldest is sister Lynne with David the middle child. The family grew up with parents Sandra and Ted Beckham in London.
While David has moved around the world - living in Madrid then Los Angeles - Joanne has stayed close to home, living in Loughton, Essex.
Not that she doesn't go and visit the family, having regularly shared photos with Posh and her brood when they lived in LA.
From the WWE Rumor Mill: NXT Women's Champion nursing an injury right now?
Does this put her big Takeover match in jeopardy?
by Riju Dasgupta News 14 Aug 2017, 13:18 IST
Thankfully, it does not seem to be too serious!
What's the story?
Just ahead of her huge title match against Ember Moon at NXT Takeover: Brooklyn III, we have learned from Cageside Seats that NXT Women's Champion, Asuka has suffered an injury. From the looks of it, it does not appear to be a major injury.
In case you didn't know...
Asuka is the undefeated NXT Women's Champion, who has held the championship for over 500 days. In this time, she has defeated every single challenger, in truly entertaining matches.
Dave Meltzer has described her as the best worker in the entire company, man or woman. She is all set to defend her championship against Ember Moon at NXT Takeover: Brooklyn III despite the injury that we have mentioned.
The heart of the matter
No need to panic yet, NXT fans! Cageside Seats says that the injury isn't a serious one, and as a result, she won't be missing any time and the big match in question isn't in any jeopardy.
The rumour did not specify what the nature of the injury was. Let's hope the said injury does not resurface on the grand stage in Brooklyn on SummerSlam weekend once again.
What's next?
We believe that next week's episode of NXT will have a contract signing between "The Empress of Tomorrow", Asuka and the number 1 contender for her championship, Ember Moon, in the middle of the squared circle. Expect real sparks to fly on the go-home show.
Author's take
Judging by the nature of the rumour so chronicled, I believe that the injury isn't a serious one at all and should have no bearing on the match, really.
I look forward to the encounter between the two women possibly stealing the show at Takeover in Brooklyn.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
ST. LOUIS- Fair St. Louis returns to Archgrounds after being held in Forest Park for during their four-year renovations. The fair opens at noon Wednesday, July 4th.
One of the major attractions will be the return of the Boeing air show. There are two air shows taking place today.
The first show is scheduled for 12:30p.m. and the last show will be at 6:45 p.m. FOX 2 captured the aircraft rehearsal Tuesday in Cahokia.
There were no air shows when the fair was in Forest Park, that will be quite a treat for the thousands of people who will come here to the arch for the fair this year.
The St. Louis Symphony performs on the main stage at 8:30p.m. followed by the annual fireworks at 9:45p.m.
It's homecoming season across Mid-Michigan and one event featured a special guest many consider a hero.
The Grand Blanc Bobcats celebrated their school's homecoming on Friday and they rolled out the red carpet to honor Lt. Jeff Neville.
Neville survived a terrorist attack at Bishop International Airport in Flint.
"I can't believe it. I can't believe it," Neville said.
He was at a loss for words after being honored at the homecoming football game.
Neville, a Grand Blanc grad, was given the opportunity to ride at the front of the parade. He is seen as a hometown hero after he was attacked at the airport.
"It's a tragedy anytime something like that happens. And to honor people, that's what this country is about," said James Urbanski, Grand Blanc resident.
While Neville was honored for his service, Charlie Carmody was honored for touching the lives of kids and sports fans in Grand Blanc.
"He'd be amazed. it's what Grand Blanc is about. It's what this community is about," said Christina Carmody, Charlie's wife.
Charlie was a teacher and announcer for Grand Blanc sports. He died in the spring. This was the first homecoming game without him.
Charlie's family were the grand marshals in the parade.
"This was one of the times of years he loved. he loved this," Carmody said.
The Grand Blanc community loved him and Neville.
"I think it's fantastic that we take all of this Grand Blanc history and apply it to great things to make our community better," said John Wainio, with Grand Blanc High School.
Copyright 2017 WNEM (Meredith Corporation). All rights reserved.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
When a group of pals teamed up with the idea to hold a mini music festival in their back garden, they had no idea it would take off the way it has.
But now the friends have been holding the event for five summers, with over a hundred people turning up from across the UK, and many more being turned away due to lack of space.
The festival , dubbed Glyncfest, has become more and more popular since the lads turned their garden in Pontypridd, Wales, into a huge DJ booth .
The party had more interest than ever before this year after one of its organisers, Dale Vincent, started making viral videos, reports Wales Onlin e.
His posts on social media reach thousands of people all over the UK, and when he said he was organising a party, hundreds wanted to attend.
(Image: walesonline WS)
Dale's best friend, James Wilding, said: “I organised the first party when Dale was in the army.
“He was about to do his fourth tour of Afghan, and I wanted to throw him a party before he went away for six months.
“Originally, it was just going to be us, a few friends and a beat box in the garden but then we thought, we may as well use the equipment as I DJ.”
In 2012, the first party saw a few dozen people squeeze into a little garden at a house in Glyncoch.
But now, with a bigger garden and sound system, the boys were able to turn it up a notch.
More than 100 people attended this year's event, and many more had to be turned away when the garden became too crowded.
James, 23, explained: “When Dale released the promotional video, people said they were coming from all over the place.
(Image: walesonline WS)
“A bus came from Pembrokeshire , people flew from Dublin and I have friends coming from Hull.
“We think some local hotels were fully booked because so many people needed somewhere to stay.
“People were so excited about it.”
As for the neighbours, James said people who live in the street are always “pretty sound” about the event.
Most of them join the party, and if they don't the music gets turned off at a reasonable time to avoid causing trouble.
He said: “To be fair, people in Glyncoch have been sound about it.
(Image: walesonline WS)
“We start the music at 12pm and turn it off at 6pm because we don't want to upset anyone.
“Everyone then jumps on the local bus and heads into Ponty for a night out.
“It's such a tight-knit community that if there was any drama people would just come to help.”
But, due to the fact that the event has become so popular, the lads want to take it to the next level.
In 2018, they hope the festival will take place somewhere other than their back garden.
James said: “We haven't thought about it properly yet, but we hope to work with the right people to organise a proper festival in our town.
“It would be good to organise a proper event somewhere – even if it's just in a field.”
Sometimes sleep is elusive. No matter how many sheep are counted, one can still find themselves tossing and turning throughout the night. With the holidays around the corner, here are four gift ideas to help the insomniacs in your life finally catch some Z's. From steep to sleep With a mix of caffeinated and non-caffeinated teas, the bronze tin tea sample set will help the sleep-deprived drift off at night and wake up in the morning. The set includes four 20 grams tins of tea, including Self Help tea, Confetti tea, Hangover tea and Bright Eyes tea. Drakegeneralstore.ca, $30. Shut out the light
Article Continued Below
Indigo's expression sleep masks come in grey and blue. ( Indigo )
The smallest amount of light can keep some people awake. Indigo's expression sleep masks can help remedy that. The mask is available in two styles, one reading “It was all a dream” and the other “Today's been cancelled.” Indigo.ca, $19.50. For the stressed out insomniac
Poured glass candles are available at Indigo in a variety of scents, including snow covered pine and cinnamon mulled cider. ( Indigo )
What better way to relax than with a scented candle? Poured glass candles available in a variety of scents, including snow covered pine, cinnamon mulled cider, ginger pumpkin spice and wild fig, might be just the fix someone needs in order to relax before drifting off to sleep. Indigo.ca, $19.50.
Beat the chill
The Hudson's Bay Company Polar Fleece Throw is available in stores for $45. ( Hudson's Bay )
Curling up under a Hudson's Bay Company Polar Fleece Throw will cause anyone to get sleepy. The 50-by-72-inch throw, which comes with removable carrying straps, is adorned with the classic colourful Hudson's Bay stripes. thebay.com, $45. Get cosy
The Sleep Shirt is a line of soft, luxurious sleepwear that's based in Montreal and Vancouver.
The Sleep Shirt is a line of soft, luxurious sleepwear that's based in Montreal and Vancouver. The clothing is manufactured in Canada using mainly Japanese cotton. This roomy “short sleep shirt” comes in a single size, but others on their site come in petite and plus sizes. Intothebedroom.com, $270. The Sleep Shirt products are also available at Sleepover, a pop-up space at 950 Queen St. W. Put a cap on it
The Nite Hood is made of a bamboo fabric and is designed to completely cover the eyes and ears.
Animal shelter Aerinwon in Pocheon, Gyeonggi Province, Wednesday. (Ock Hyun-ju/The Korea Herald)
Over 55,000 abandoned pets had been rescued nationwide this year as of July, with nearly 40 percent of them later perishing at animal shelters by euthanasia or natural causes, according to data released by a local animal care organization.According to Pawinhand, an animal organization that tracks the number of rescued animals, 55,399 animals abandoned by their owners were brought to animal shelters through last month. That is about 262 pets per day.The figure is up 9.8 percent from 54,032 animals brought to shelters in the same period last year, according to the data.The real number of abandoned pets is expected to be much higher, given that only a portion of stray dogs, cats or other pets are sent to shelters, the group said.Among rescued animals, 28.5 percent, or 15,800, found new owners, while 15 percent, or 8,339, were euthanized.The pets' ownership, once the animals enter the system, should be established through the state-run Animal Protection Management System within 10 days, or they are euthanized.Abandoning pets is an offense under the Animal Protection Act, subject to a maximum fine of 1 million won ($880).By Bak Se-hwan (sh@heraldcorp.com)
OPINION
Here's the good news about the crisis over North Korea.We are not going to war. Donald Trump is not going to nuke Pyongyang, reckless, rhetorical threats to the contrary. Nor is North Korea's Kim Jong-un going to nuke Guam.Yes, I know the president just threatened to meet any more North Korean threats to the United States “with fire and fury like the world has never seen.” This is the kind of extreme military rhetoric by a US president the world has never seen, except by Harry S. Truman before bombing Nagasaki. Kim responded by threatening a preemptive strike against Guam, a US territory with American military bases.But a preemptive war is not on the horizon, with one key caveat: My prediction may soon reverse if Trump's team can't muzzle the president. For months, observers have warned that Trump's tweets and careless comments could endanger our country in a crisis. You couldn't find a better example than the president's fiery war of words with Kim.The president's bombast was off the cuff, at a news conference on opioids in New Jersey. No national security adviser was present, nor was anyone warned beforehand, according to news reports.Trump not only freaked out our Asian allies, he also risked provoking worse behavior by Pyongyang, where a skittish young leader appears convinced that America wants to carry out a regime change. So Kim is willing to raise his threat level to scare off the Americans.Trump's words were no doubt perceived by Kim as a warning of a likely preemptive attack on North Korea, which led to his dangerous riposte on Guam.But the president also undercut his own team -- who were making some important progress in putting the squeeze on Pyongyang. Only last week, the US ambassador to the United Nations, Nikki Haley, pushed through the harshest sanctions yet against North Korea's nuclear program, with China and Russia on board. These sanctions could cut North Korea's foreign earnings, which fund its military, by a third.Much more needs to be done to ensure enforcement of UN sanctions, to curb North Korea's export of workers, and to pursue US secondary sanctions against foreign banks that help the North. The model (despite differences) should be the sanction policy that forced Iran to the nuclear bargaining table.In tandem with the sanctions push, Secretary of State Rex Tillerson had made a key statement aimed at reassuring Kim. He said America does “not seek a regime change” or collapse, or an accelerated reunification of the two Koreas. Tillerson also said, “We do not seek an excuse to send our military north of the 38th parallel.”In other words, despite competing statements from different Trump team officials, the nucleus of a smart North Korea policy was emerging: aggressively pursuing sanctions and compliance from Beijing, moving at a much faster pace than President Barack Obama did with Iran, while trying to reassure Kim of the US' intent. The goal: to get North Korea to stop testing missiles and nukes and return to the bargaining table.There is no guarantee of success, but given the likelihood of hundreds of thousands of Korean and Japanese deaths should a new Korean war break out, a policy worth pursuing.Then, Trump casually — and without consultation — blew it up.Tillerson, reportedly blindsided, tried to walk things back, saying nothing had changed and “Americans should sleep well at night.”But Americans can't sleep easy if Trump continues to say whatever comes to his mind on North Korea. As CNN pointed out, Trump frequently uses the phrase “like the world has never seen” to brag about his achievements, but in this case the intended audience is not his fan base and the phraseology implies nuclear war.Trump clearly misunderstands the presumed target of his rhetoric, whom he thinks he can bully into better behavior. However, Kim, who's mainly concerned with staying in power, already knows that an attack on the US would be suicidal, says Scott Snyder, the Council on Foreign Relations' top Korea expert. But the young leader is making a major miscalculation by “using threats in a more provocative way than we saw (Soviets) doing in the Cold War.”This escalation of threats could provoke Kim into doing something rash, which might in turn persuade Trump to order military retaliation. From such rhetoric and miscalculations, a war could begin.Then again, if Trump keeps escalating his threats but does nothing, he will be seen as a paper tiger. Already, the new red line he set in his “fire and fury” riposte is making America's allies wonder if US policy on North Korea will ever be coherent or reliable with Trump at the helm.The best advice I've heard, from the Atlantic Council's Robert Manning, a veteran of past negotiations with Pyongyang, is: “Stop getting hysterical every time they (the North Koreans) do something.”Trump should make clear, as part of an overall policy, that any use of WMD would result in a massive American reaction. But beyond that, his team needs to press behind the scenes for a broader, tougher sanctions regime, involving European and Asian allies. And pressure on Beijing and Moscow to comply with UN sanctions should be tough and constant.The “fire and fury” episode sends a warning of where Trump's loose tongue could lead. That prospect presents a more immediate danger than does Pyongyang.Trudy Rubin is a columnist for the Philadelphia Inquirer. -- Ed.
BUSINESS
(Yonhap)
Daewoo Shipbuilding & Marine Engineering Co., a troubled shipbuilder here, said Monday that it posted a profit for the second straight quarter in the second quarter, largely thanks to cost-cutting measures and increased delivery of offshore facilities.Net profit reached 1.26 trillion won ($1.1 billion) in the April-June period, following a profit of 234 billion won the previous quarter, it said in a regulatory filing.The shipbuilder logged an operating income of 665 billion won in the second quarter, widening from an operating income of 223 billion won three months earlier.Sales also rose to 3.46 trillion won from 2.73 trillion won over the cited period.In the first half of the year, Daewoo Shipbuilding racked up a net profit of 1.49 trillion won and an operating income of 888 billion won.In March, its creditors, led by Korea Development Bank, announced a fresh rescue package worth 6.7 trillion won for the shipyard.The shipbuilder is hard pressed to implement self-rescue measures worth 5.3 trillion won through 2018. It has already sold off noncore assets and cut its workforce, through which it has raised or saved 1.8 trillion won.For the rest of the year, the shipyard aims to cut costs for workers by 25 percent to 640 billion won. Moreover, it is planning to cut its workforce to below 9,000 by 2018, and will try to sell more assets. (Yonhap)
After a Knicks timeout, Hardaway Jr. — who made just 1 of 14 shots — missed a deep, off-balance jumper at the horn.
The teams were tied at 55 at the half. Milwaukee got 13 points from Antetokounmpo and 12 from Parker, who played nearly 10 minutes in the first half. Kanter had 11 points and 10 rebounds.
Milwaukee got a much-needed spark from Parker in the first quarter. He scored seven points in just more than five minutes of action to help pull the Bucks within one point at the end of the quarter.
PLENTY OF PARKER
Parker's return comes at a critical juncture of the season, with the trade deadline looming next week and Milwaukee in the middle of the Eastern Conference playoff race. He entered the game with 5:25 remaining in the first quarter, replacing Antetokounmpo. He scored his first basket on a jumper from the right baseline a little more than one minute later.
The second overall pick of the 2014 draft out of Duke averaged career highs of 20.1 points and 6.2 rebounds in 51 games last year before the injury.
"The only way to go here is up," Parker said. "Can't be lower than at any point than I've been in any stages of these few months."
Parker tore the same ACL in December 2014, halting his rookie campaign after 25 games.
IN PAIN
Kanter, who suffered a lacerated lip in practice Monday that required several stitches, said doctors told him the wound could re-open with any contact to his mouth.
"Right now, I don't really care about the stitches. My thing is to just sacrifice everything I have," he said.
TIP-INS
Knicks: Referees halted the game briefly in the first quarter so that Porzingis could be treated for a cut to his lip. ... New York made 2 of 13 from deep in the first half. Porzingis and Hardaway Jr. were a combined 1 for 8. Hardaway Jr. finished the game 0 for 9 from long range.
Bucks: G Malcolm Brogdon is expected to miss six to eight weeks after being diagnosed with a partially torn left quadriceps tendon. ... G Eric Bledsoe, who missed Thursday's game and played just three minutes Monday due to left ankle soreness, returned to action.
UP NEXT
Knicks: Host Atlanta on Sunday in the last of three regular-season meetings.
Bucks: At Brooklyn on Sunday. Milwaukee defeated the Nets 116-91 on Jan. 26.
___
More AP basketball: https://apnews.com/tag/NBAbasketball
By Rich Rovito, The Associated Press
Ashita no Joe 50th anniversary project.
JD (Junk Dog) participates in fixed boxing matches in an underground ring in order to live. Today, he enters the ring again, but he encounters a certain person. JD wants to take on a challenge that risks everything.
Singer and voice actor Yoshimasa Hosoya (Reiner Braun in Attack on Titan season 2, Fumikage "Tsukuyomi" Tokoyami in My Hero Academia) will voice the main protagonist, Junk Dog in TMS Entertainment's new Ashita no Joe adaptation. The series will draw inspiration from the original 1968 manga from Ikki Kajiwara and Tetsuya Chiba but will be modernized for an original story (as evidenced by the futuristic motorcycle and boxing gloves).You Moriyama ( Lupin III: The Woman Called Fujiko Mine) is directing the series, which will be a highlight of this year's 50th Anniversary celebration of the influential manga.The new series is titled Megalobox or Megalo Box, official romanization has not been revealed just yet.Ashita no Joe is a cornerstone of Japanese manga with several series citing it as inspiration including Ultraman and Hajme no Ippo.
TORONTO — Accused Toronto van attack suspect Alek Minassian has been charged with 10 counts of first-degree murder and 13 of attempted murder.
Minassian, 25, made a brief court appearance Tuesday dressed in a white forensic jumpsuit. He showed no emotion as he stated his name for the Finch Ave. court.
Justice of the peace Stephen Waisberg ordered him remanded in custody until he appears by video May 10.
Minassian was also ordered to not contact any of the 13 people he's accused of trying to run down on Yonge St. during the horrific attack. Court documents identified them as: Sammantha Samson, Samantha Peart, Morgan McDougall, Mavis Justino, Catherine Riddell, Aleksandra Kozhevinikova, Amir Kiumarsi, Yunsheng Tian, Jun Seok Park, Amaresh Tesfamariam, Beverly Smith, Robert Anderson, and So Ra.
The names of the murder victims were not mentioned on the information charging Minassian.
Minassian's father, Vahe Minassian, was escorted out of the court by police officers.
Police will be holding a press conference at 3 p.m. that will be live-streamed.
Mamelodi Sundowns lead the list of three South African clubs who go into the draw for the next phase of the two African club competitions in Cairo on Wednesday with the possibility that Bidvest Wits and SuperSport United could play against each other.
Wits drop down to the Caf Confederation Cup field after being eliminated from the African Champions League in a penalty shootout against Primeiro Agosto of Angola on Saturday‚ failing again to get to the group phase of the continent's top competition.
They are now in the secondary competition‚ along with 15 other weekends losing teams from the second round of the Champions League.
They will be drawn against the weekend winners of the Confederation Cup ties‚ so SuperSport and Wits are in opposing pits for the draws and there is a chance that they will be pitted against each other in the third round.
The Confederation Cup has an extra round of knockout games before it goes to the group phase and Wednesday's draw at the Confederation of African Football's headquarters will sort out both the third round knockout games‚ with the group phase having another draw on April 21.
The high point will be the Champions League draw with the weekend's 16 winners being divided into four groups of four.
Sundowns will likely be seeded although CAF will only decide on the eve of the draw.
They go into the field with holders Wydad Casablanca of Morocco and record winners Al Ahly of Egypt‚ plus TP Mazembe Englebert of the Democratic Republic of Congo‚ who almost blew it against UD Songo from Mozambique but held on for a 4-3 aggregate win.
Champions League newcomers include Township Rollers of Botswana and Mbabane Swallows of Swaziland.
The third round of Confederation Cup matches – involving SuperSport and Wits - are to be played on the weekend of April 6-8 with the return games 10 days later in midweek on April 17-18.
The group phase of both competitions starts in May with two rounds of matches.
Action will resume after the World Cup with four more rounds in July and August.
On Friday, employees of BP Exploration Alaska discovered an uncontrolled gas leak in an oil and gas well on Alaska's North Slope, near the community of Deadhorse. Soon after, they determined that the well was also spraying a mist of crude oil.
BP reported the leak and formed a "unified command," which included responders from Alaska's Department of Environmental Conservation, the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency, and the North Slope Borough.
The well vented gas throughout the weekend. By Sunday, the crude was no longer spraying, and workers were able to activate a safety valve that reduced the pressure of the gas.
On Monday, nearly three days after the leak was found, ADEC announced the unified command had to managed to "kill" the well overnight and end the gas leak.
"The area impacted is limited to gravel," says Candice Bressler, spokesperson for ADEC. "There have been no reports of impacted wildlife." Oil droplets were found on about 1.5 acres of the well's drill pad, according to The Associated Press.
The community of Nuiqsut, 50 miles west of the site, had been notified of the incident, but was not evacuated.
"Responders determined that the well had 'jacked up,' or risen, approximately 3 – 4 feet; this vertical movement of the well caused the pressure gauge to break off and prevented operations from pumping into the well to kill it," ADEC reported.
BP began drilling at the massive Prudhoe Bay oil field in 1968. It has generated more than 12 billion barrels of oil, according to BP, and remains one of North America's largest oil fields.
The leak happened amid efforts to boost output from aging wells and reach new supplies in the North Slope's oil fields, reports Bloomberg:
"North Slope production rose to 565,000 barrels a day in March, its highest level since December 2013. That's still down by almost three-quarters from the peak of more than 2 million barrels in the late 1980s."
In a 2011 settlement with the Department of Justice, BP agreed to pay a $25 million civil penalty and carry out a "system-wide integrity management program" after it spilled more than 5,000 barrels of crude oil from its pipelines on Alaska's North Slope in 2006. Five years later, BP agreed to pay more than $20 billion in penalties for the 2010 Deepwater Horizon accident and oil spill in the Gulf of Mexico.
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
A homeless man who police say swung a pocketknife at another man during a fight Sunday in the city's downtown faces a felony assault charge.
Donald Walker, age unavailable, followed two women he had once been romantically involved with, harassing them and calling them obscene names on the 300 block of Adams Avenue shortly before 8 p.m., Officer John Cantafio wrote in a complaint.
Another man, Louis A. Medina, stepped forward and confronted Walker and asked him to leave the women alone.
Walker backed off, at first, then the two got into an altercation.
Medina told police that he saw Walker had a knife in his hand once Walker got close.
Walker swung the knife and Medina managed to dodge it. Walker followed up with another swing but missed.
A woman, Penny Ann Laflair, stepped in and pushed Walker back. Walker tried to punch her. A witness corroborated the story, police said.
Someone across the street shouted she was calling the police and Walker ran. Police found him later on Sunday evening walking on North Washington Avenue. A pocket knife was found in his pocket.
Walker told police Medina and three other men had attacked him and denied taking out a knife to attack Medina. Walker requested a lawyer and Cantafio ended the interview.
Magisterial District Judge Terrence V. Gallagher arraigned Walker on charges of aggravated assault, recklessly endangering another person, simple assault, disorderly conduct and harassment.
Walker is in Lackawanna County Prison in lieu of $40,000 bail. A preliminary hearing is scheduled for Aug. 21 at 11:15 a.m.
Contact the writer: jkohut@timesshamrock.com, 570-348-9144; @jkohutTT on Twitter
For all of its fantasy tropes, A Song of Ice and Fire doesn't have too many ultra-magical items kicking around. Sure, there are special swords made of Fancy Metal, and there are poisoned hairnets and golden hands. There are dragon eggs which eventually hatch into sweet lil' dragon babies. But there is no One Ring that can be hurled into a volcano to stop all the evil nonsense from happening. There's no unbeatable Elder Wand. There's no Infinity Gauntlet. There's essentially no single quest object that can neatly tie up the loose ends of any one of George R.R. Martin's many (many) subplots.
Except for maybe the Horn of Winter.
OK, so maybe the horn can't tie up every subplot. But if the true struggle of A Song of Ice and Fire is finding balance between the titular forces of ice and fire, then the Horn of Winter could play a huge role. That's because the Horn of Winter, also called the Horn of Joramun, might be able to bring down the Wall.
It seems like the HBO adaptation has maybe just given up on the horn entirely, seeing that they (spoiler alert) decided to have a big ol' zombie dragon just bust on through the wall on its own. But in the books, at least, the horn has been set up as a mythical force capable of bringing down the Wall and "waking giants from the earth." Depending on who wields it, the horn could spell the end for the White Walkers or for the Seven Kingdoms. It seems pretty essential, especially since it made the cover of the next book in the series.
And Sam Tarly may have taken it to grad school by mistake.
Supposedly, way back in the ancient past of George R.R. Martin's imagination, the Wall was built from ice and magic to keep the White Walkers at bay. By the time our story begins, though, most people have stopped believing in White Walkers, and the Wall is treated as a border against the human wildlings who live up North, staffed mostly by bastards and criminals.
But we know that there is some legit magic still alive and well in the Wall—Sam and Gilly are able to pass through a creepy talking gate in the Wall to get back into the Seven Kingdoms, but their friendly zombie buddy Coldhands is not. It seems like the Wall is more than just a physical obstacle: it's full of protective magicks and whatnot.
Not long after the Wall was built, though, a Lord Commander of the Night's Watch went a little off the rails. He married a woman "with skin as white as the moon and eyes like blue stars" who may have been a lady White Walker (side note: why are all your White Walkers dudes, HBO? Women can't be terrifying ice monsters?). Then he declared himself the Night's King, and starting ruling from one of the castles on the Wall.
(This is not to be confused with the TV character "The Night King," who seems to just be a... super White Walker?)
According to legend, the Night's King and his icy queen committed terrible atrocities as rulers of the Wall. So the reigning Stark king teamed up with Joramun, the King Beyond the Wall, to take him down. They accomplished this with the help of a handy horn that Joramun had (made? purchased?). Blowing it once woke giants from the earth.
Blowing it again is supposed to take down the Wall itself.
Fast forward to when our story takes place, and the wildlings have been searching for this Horn of Winter. Mance Rayder, the current King Beyond the Wall, claims that he's found it. He and his wildlings just want safe passage to the other side of the Wall, where they'll be protected from the White Walkers' army of snow zombies. But if the Night's Watch won't let them through, Mance threatens to blow the horn and take down the Wall entirely, leaving everyone in danger.
Of course, our good ol' boys in black capture Mance before he can blow the horn, with the help of Stannis "Killjoy" Baratheon. Stannis's girlfriend Melisandre then burns Mance's big, fancy horn, along with Mance himself. So... I guess that's the end of the Horn of Winter?
Not quite. Firstly, Melisandre doesn't actually burn Mance because our girl Mel always likes to have an extra supply of king's blood on hand. Secondly, our best friend Tormund admits to Jon Snow that the huge, fancy horn was probably not the horn of legend:
"She burned that fine big horn, aye. A bloody sin, I call it. A thousand years old, that was. We found it in a giant's grave, and no man o' us had ever seen a horn so big. That must have been why Mance got the notion to tell you it were Joramun's. He wanted you crow to think he had it in his power to blow your bloody Wall down about your knees. But we never found the true horn, not for all our digging."
So where's the real horn? George R. R. Martin wouldn't make us listen to all that backstory and then never give us the real Horn of Winter, right?
Well, first of all, he totally would. Second of all, there have been two other horn sightings in A Song of Ice and Fire: Euron Greyjoy, professional Creepy Uncle, has a huge "Dragon Horn," which he claims can be used to control actual dragons. Blowing it can also literally kill you, but Euron still plans to use it to swipe one of Dany's dragons when she's not looking.
It seems like Euron's Dragonbinder horn might be the "fire" horn to Joramun's "ice" horn, though, so they're probably not the same thing.
And then there's the old, cracked warhorn that Jon's doggie Ghost found beyond the wall. It was buried in the snow with a whole mess of dragonglass, which suggests it was used to fight White Walkers back in the day. But the horn is too cracked to make a sound, so Jon gives it to his nerdy friend Sam for safe keeping.
Sam thinks that the horn is probably useless, but he still makes a point of keeping it even when he barters away most of his other possessions. Last we saw him, Sam was getting settled in at the Citadel, and he still had the horn. Hopefully, if he's really at grad school to learn about White Walkers, Sam will realize that this simple, cracked horn is far more than meets the eye. Because if the third Indiana Jones movie has taught us anything, it's that the Ultra Magical Item is always more plain and unassuming than you'd expect.
So Sam almost certainly has the true Horn of Winter. And he's studying to learn how to defeat the White Walkers. But he's also very, very far from the Wall, with a broken horn, in a Citadel infested with Faceless Men.
Let's just hope that Sam figures out the power he's holding before it's far too late.
NORTHFIELD --A fully-accessible nature trail will formally open to the public on June 2, National Trails Day.
The Gunnery Sergeant Jeff Ames Accessible Nature Trail provides a half-mile loop at the Alderbrook Meadows Wildlife Sanctuary, located off Rt. 63 near Homer Road in Northfield.
The trail meanders through five acres of woods, with a deck overlooking a beaver pond. The land was donated to Mount Grace Land Conservation Trust by Bill and Nancy Ames.
Sgt. Jeff Ames, their son, served in the U.S. Marine Corps for 22 years in Iraq, Afghanistan, Japan, Somalia and Ukraine.
"We are grateful for his service, which resulted in his being 80 percent disabled, and wanted to honor that service by naming the trail after him," said Jeff's parents.
Last fall, Mount Grace hosted the first wheelchair test of the trail by volunteers from the Carson Center for Human Services and North Quabbin Trails Association.
Many organizations, businesses, and individuals contributed to the project, and the state awarded $49,725 to Mount Grace to create the accessible nature trail.
The accessible trailhead is near a historic place, according to Doug Harris, Deputy Tribal Historic Preservation Officer for the Narragansett Indian Tribe. Harris said tribal and colonial leaders met at the site "to actually discuss whether their path forward with the Colonials would be one of conflict or peace."
The Wampanoag Aquinnah, Abenaki, and Narragansett Nations worked with Mount Grace, the Nolumbeka Project, and the Northfield Historical Commission to describe the cultural importance of the area.
"The new trail will provide a place for families with young children, seniors, and people of all levels of mobility access to a beautiful hidden pond," according to Mount Grace.
The celebration of the Gunnery Sergeant Jeff Ames Accessible Nature Trail is free and open to the public from 9:30 a.m. to 1 p.m. on Saturday, June 2. All are welcome.
New Delhi: Bollywood film "Veere Di Wedding", starring like Kareena Kapoor Khan and Sonam Kapoor in a story of four girls, has been banned in Pakistan because of "vulgar dialogues and obscene scenes."
Danyal Gilani, Chairman, Central Board of Film Censors (CBFC), told IANS via social media: "Members of the CBFC unanimously decided to not allow the film for public exhibition in the cinemas as its content flouts the Censorship of Film Code 1980."
The movie was screened for the CBFC in Pakistan on Tuesday night. According to trade sources, the movie was deemed unfit for exhibition due to "vulgar dialogues and obscene scenes".
The Distribution Club also issued withdrawals of their application for the certification after witnessing the criticism from members of the board, reported The Express Tribune.
"Veere Di Wedding" is co-produced by Rhea Kapoor, Ekta Kapoor and Nikhil Dwivedi. It also stars Swara Bhasker and Shikha Talsania.
The movie has drawn a lot of interest especially as it is Kareena's first film since she became a mother, and Sonam's first movie to release since her wedding. For Swara, it is a different zone that she is stepping into and Shikha is making her debut with the project, directed by Shashanka Ghosh.
They are cast in a coming-of-age story revolving around the lives of four friends who deal with the trials and tribulations regarding family acceptance, marriage and societal perceptions in the modern-day world. The girls openly talk about their sex lives and hurl abuses.
In India, the film will release on Friday.
GREENSBORO, N.C. — Davaris McGowens scored 21 points, Kameron Langley had 17 with seven assists, and North Carolina A&T beat Hampton 92-84 on Saturday for its seventh win in eight games.
Aaren Edmead scored 14 points and Devonte Boykins and Femi Olujobi added 11 apiece for the Aggies (14-9, 7-1 Mid-Eastern Athletic Conference), who shot 58.6 per cent from the field and made 16 free throws.
Hampton closed to 56-52 on Kalin Fisher's 3, but the Aggies pulled ahead on an 11-6 run and led 80-69 on Edmead's jumper with 6:19 left.
Boykins's 3 tied it at 23, he hit a go-ahead layup and the Aggies led 49-40 at halftime after making seven 3-pointers and shooting 52.9 per cent from the field.
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Lynda Bellingham's son has said his stepfather Michael Pattemore was never part of the family and was merely someone for his mum to “pass the time with”.
The late actress's sons, Michael and Robbie Peluso, are fighting Pattemore over Lynda's will.
They say they will get “less than £50,000 each” from her estimated £5million estate amid claims – denied by Pattemore – that he splurged their inheritance.
Now Michael says that Pattemore, 61 – who was married to Lynda from 2008 until she died of cancer in 2014, age 66 – meant nothing to his family.
Michael, 34, whose father is Lynda's second husband, Nunzio Peluso, said: “Nothing you say or do will ever compare to the love my family had.
(Image: Rex Features)
“You can't take that away from us. You never came close. Just a pretender. Someone to fill the gap. Someone to pass the time with.”
Michael said he and Robbie were “stronger together”, telling Pattemore: “You are lonely. We are love and beauty and dignity. You are nothing. Family is blood, family is forever. You are but a whisper in the wind.
“A distant memory. Soon you will be forgotten, but our family bond goes on for an eternity. When all is said and done you won't be spoken of. No one will remember you,” he added.
Pattemore previously said that he had given Lynda's sons a £750,000 flat, which would bring rental income. He also claimed that the Loose Women star owed £50,000 when she died.
(Image: Getty Images Europe)
But Michael said they owed lawyers £60,000 and face a £30,000 capital gains tax bill, “so we're looking at having less than £50,000 each”.
Pattemore previously said that he had been visited by Lynda after her death and had made love to her ghost.
Robbie said at the time: “When I read the interview about her ghost, I knew it was time to stand up for her. Our stepfather always says he's close to us, but that's not the case.”
Pattemore he recently claimed that Michael and Robbie had never visited their mother's grave. He told the Sunday Mirror: “If they have, they've never left any flowers that I've seen”.
(Image: PA)
Pattemore added: “It annoys me that they're still referred to as boys. They aren't boys. They're men. They're perfectly capable of earning a living.”
He continued: “Where were the boys in Lynda's final hours? With him [their father]. They should have been with their dying mother around the bed, the three of us.”
Lynda's widower recently told the Sunday Mirror that he has found love again with a woman who also lost her partner to cancer. He met office manager Pam, 54, last Christmas.
Mumbai: Broadly negative Asian markets, along with rising crude oil prices and caution ahead of macroeconomic data points release pulled the key indices of the domestic equity markets lower during Tuesday's early morning trade session.
At 9.30 am, the wider Nifty50 of the National Stock Exchange (NSE) traded lower by 30.40 points or 0.29 per cent at 10,291.85 points.
The barometer 30-scrip Sensitive Index (Sensex) of the BSE, which opened at 33,426.59 points, traded at 33,356.04 points -- down 99.75 points or 0.30 per cent -- from Monday's close.
The Sensex touched a high of 33,458.41 points and a low of 33,345.38 points during the intra-day trade so far.
The BSE market breadth was bearish as only 721 stocks advanced against a decline of 931 scrips.
UNITED NATIONS (AP) — Migrants are sending home billions of dollars more than they did a decade ago — and the rate of growth in remittances is almost double the increase in migration, according to a U.N. report released Wednesday.
The report commissioned by the International Fund for Agricultural Development says that remittances increased by 51 percent during the decade from 2007 to 2016 while migration rose by 28 percent and population in the home countries of migrants grew by 13 percent.
The Rome-based U.N. agency which fights poverty in rural areas said the report is the first to examine a 10-year trend in migration and remittance flows. It said the findings are based on a series of studies and surveys commissioned by the fund, known as IFAD, and on its analyses of World Bank data.
According to the report, remittances increased in almost all regions of the world, but the sharp rise between 2007 and 2016 was mainly due to Asia which saw an 87 percent increase in money sent home from migrants.
IFAD President Gilbert Houngbo said what's most important is the impact on the lives of family members and others who receive the money.
“The small amounts of $200 or $300 that each migrant sends home make up about 60 percent of the family's household income, and this makes an enormous difference in their lives and the communities in which they live,” he said in a statement.
According to the report, more than 200 million migrant workers are now supporting an estimated 800 million family members around the world.
And it projects that this year one billion people — one-in-seven people in the world — will be involved in either sending or receiving more than $450 million in remittances.
“About 40 percent of remittances — $200 billion — are sent to rural areas where the majority of poor people live,” said Pedro de Vasconcelos, manager of IFAD's Financing Facility for Remittances and the report's lead author. “This money is spent on food, health care, better educational opportunities and improved housing and sanitation.”
The study estimates that between 2015 and 2030 an estimated $6.5 trillion will be sent to low- and middle- income countries.
Over 100 countries receive more than $100 million in remittances every year, the report said, led by China, India, the Philippines, Mexico and Pakistan.
It said the top 10 sending countries account for almost half the annual remittances: United States, Saudi Arabia, Russia, United Arab Emirates, Germany, Kuwait, France, Qatar, United Kingdom and Italy
___
On the web: https://www.ifad.org/
DENVER — The starting quarterback stood at the podium choking back tears. The starting tight end said he was embarrassed. The starting safety said his team needed to practice better, and the coach waved the white flag with about two minutes left in the game.
The Jets imploded at Sports Authority Field at Mile High on Sunday at the worst possible time. It was an abysmal performance in a game they needed to win to keep their slim playoff hopes alive.
A 23-0 loss to the Broncos dropped the Jets to 5-8, their playoff chances all but over. They also may have lost starting quarterback Josh McCown for the season with a broken left (non-throwing) hand. McCown is expected to seek a second opinion on Monday.
“It's been the best because of the guys, not numbers,” McCown said, his voice breaking and his eyes turning red. “It's been the best because of the group of men in the locker room. I'm just proud to be a part of it, so thankfully they let me be a part of this team. We'll see what happens if I can finish and we'll see what the tests say.”
If the tests say McCown can't finish the season, it will be up to Bryce Petty to start Sunday at New Orleans. But Todd Bowles didn't let him do much of anything when he relieved McCown late in the third quarter and for the second time in the game.
Petty completed only 2 of 9 passes for 14 yards with a 39.6 quarterback rating.
With two minutes remaining in the game and the Jets down by 23 points, Bowles elected to run the ball three times and punted with 39 seconds left.
Subscribe to Sports Now newsletter By clicking Sign up, you agree to our privacy policy.
Instead of trying to avoid a shutout, he just wanted to get back home.
“The game was out of reach,” he said. “We ran it real late in the game. We tried to throw the ball, but obviously we couldn't get anything going offensively.”
Denver (4-9) had lost eight games in a row, but the Jets' offense, with McCown in the game, didn't register much. The Jets produced only 100 yards of total offense, and they reached the century mark with about two minutes remaining.
McCown was sacked four times and hit five times, leaving the game in the second quarter with a hip pointer and in the third quarter with the broken hand.
Offensive coordinator John Morton lost running back Elijah McGuire to an ankle injury on the Jets' first snap, and McCown just couldn't find any rhythm. He overthrew Robby Anderson in the second quarter on a pass that was intercepted at the Broncos' 15.
The offensive line was inconsistent, as the Jets averaged 2.6 yards per carry, and their performance on third down was pathetic. After converting a season-high 65 percent of their third-down plays in last week's victory over the Kansas City Chiefs, the Jets were 3-for-13 against the Broncos.
The offense averaged a season-low 2.1 yards per play as the Jets were shut out for the first time since Oct. 5, 2014.
“I'm embarrassed,” said tight end Austin Seferian-Jenkins, who had one catch for one yard and one drop.
“I don't really know what to put into words. We had [100 yards], it's unacceptable. We all hold ourselves to a high standard and we didn't deliver today. We got to get back to practicing and work our butts off and get ready for New Orleans because New Orleans is a great team.”
The Jets fell to 1-5 on the road, and most of the players had no real answers why.
“Got to stay together,” safety Jamal Adams said when asked about Bowles' message to the team. “We didn't play our best ball. We don't prepare well at times during practice, so we've got to lock in at all times as a team and get better. It's just not one side of the ball, it's everybody.”
Bowles said his team was outplayed and outcoached.
“It's not a setback, it's a loss,” he said. “We haven't been beaten like this since the Raiders [Week 2], but all losses hurt. When you don't score and you get beat 23-0, that hurts.”
NORTH HAVEN, Conn. (WTNH) — Lauren Goodkin has battled the ravages of drug and opiate addiction for more than a decade.
“I had a near fatal overdose in 2011 where I was dead,” Goodkin said. “I had no pulse, no heartbeat.”
She survived that scare, but her fight was far from over.
“My drug of choice was heroin. Opiates in general but specifically heroin,” Goodkin explained.
She didn't start by shooting up, though. Instead, she got her start popping pills. “I opened up the medicine cabinet and there was the percocet.” And just like that, “I was a full blown addict.”
Until 2012 when North Haven town leaders became among the first in Connecticut to welcome a methadone treatment clinic within its borders.
First Selectman Michael Freda explained to News 8's Mario Boone why he allowed the clinic to move in.
“I've had personal friends of mine who have lost their children to heroin abuse,” Said Freda.
Goodkin is the daughter is Freda's executive assistant, bringing the tragedy right to his front door. That notwithstanding, placing the clinic in North Haven wasn't easy. In fact, the first site was rejected because of community backlash.
“There are still some people that don't like the fact they're here,” Freda told us.
Now, six years later Goodkin and hundreds like her are receiving desperately needed help. Freda also says it's driving down crime; though, he couldn't provide specific numbers to back it up.
“We see a decrease in heroin transactions, yes we do,” Freda said.
Goodkin says having the clinic in her backyard saved her life. “God was saving me for a reason and that was to help other people,” she finished.
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Fans are busily preparing themselves for the new Premier League season, which kicks off next month.
Every club in the league are in the process of unveiling new kits ahead of returning to pre-season - here are all the ones that have been released so far.
Arsenal
The Arsenal home kit is of course the classic red and white, so it's hard to get it too wrong.
It's rather basic and plain however, probably will not go down as many fans' favourites.
The red pulse design through the centre isn't very pleasing on the eye, and the red armbands maybe implemented to make up the lack of leadership amongst the Arsenal players, by giving everyone a captain's armband.
Rating: 4/10
Arsenal are always one for an extravagant away kit and they haven't disappointed this year.
It's definitely an improvement on last year's eyesore of a blue strip. But not much better…
The darker blue is more appealing to the eye than last year's but it too has a strange eggplant coloured pulse pattern across the chest and really doesn't tick many boxes.
The Gunners seem to have tried to make it more ‘Arsenal' by implementing a red band on the socks which just looks out of place.
Rating: 5/10
Bournemouth
Bournemouth's home strip represents the red and black stripes we are all used to seeing.
The retro Umbro strip on the sleeves are prominent in all of their kits for the new season as we have already seen with Derby County, but they work against the grain of this one and don't place too well.
Apart from the sleeves though the kit looks really nice and is very smart with the red and black continuing through to the shorts and socks.
All in all it's a decent kit.
Rating: 7/10
The Cherries' away kit follows a similar trend and uses an array of colours that blend together rather well.
Much alike the home kit, this is striped, however with two different shades of white which is pleasing on the eye.
The blue shorts and blue socks too work well with the embroidering on the crest and logo, and the tints of orange offer a classy effect.
Rating: 9/10
Cardiff City
The Premier League new boys' home strip is one of their nicest yet.
It's simple, stylish, and classy and the faded stripes complement this.
The goalkeeper's number is really not appealing however and the club have had a disaster in creating that one.
A solid kit for the outfield players, but nothing too extravagant.
Rating: 7/10
Cardiff's away kit is on the completely other side of the scale and fans aren't best pleased.
Let's just say I can see why…
It's a predominantly grey top with Adidas' three blue stripes on the shoulders, but at least the goalie's strip is slightly better.
The grey is divided into chequered and horizontal stripes, which is a real mix and provides a rather dismal feel. Perhaps the Bluebirds are already preparing for a poor season...
Rating: 3/10
Chelsea
The new Chelsea home kit is the first Nike one so far and it delves into the 1980s where the club were more used to red, white, and blue pin-stripes.
It has that classic feel to it but with a modern interpretation that is reflected through from the shirt to the socks.
A really sharp looking kit and one that Chelsea fans should be proud.
Rating: 9/10
Crystal Palace
Crystal Palace's home kit keeps with the red and blue colours that are synonymous with the club.
The Eagles have teamed up with Puma for this season, but I'm not sure about the change.
Change isn't always good and the fading vertical stripes are not tasteful. The more solid stripes that we are used to seeing provide a better look.
I wasn't a fan of the yellow bands on the sleeves last year and feel the same this time.
However the red and blue always looks great out on the pitch and it's hard to make a mess of these historic colours we are used to seeing on display at Selhurst Park.
A kit that had great potential but Puma didn't step up to the plate.
Rating: 5/10
The away kit however is certainly better than last year's.
Palace have brought back the diagonal sash from 2016/17 but have made the colour mainly white rather than bright yellow.
It celebrates the 40th anniversary of one of the most memorable seasons in the club's history when the "Team of the 80s", the exciting young side managed by Terry Venables, won promotion to the First Division.
A more classy look to the plain white of 2017/18.
Rating: 7/10
Everton
The new Everton home kit looks classy and one fan's should be happy about. Umbro consulted with thousands of Everton supporters over a 15-month period to help shape the design of the 2018-19 kit and it seems to have paid dividends.
Everton blue takes up the majority of the shirt which also features a collar and two buttons. I'm not sure if these two additions are made for a football top, but it still looks fairly good. The massive Angry Birds logo though does take away some of the professionalism.
Rating: 6/10
Huddersfield Town
Huddersfield Town have only released the away kit and although it looks the business, I can't help but feel it is near enough identical to Bournemouth's home shirt.
Seems like Umbro couldn't be bothered to make anything different for the Terriers and just whacked the club emblem over the Cherries'. A really poor effort, even if Huddersfield have previous history of wearing red and black as an alternative.
Rating: 1/10
Leicester City
Leicester's kit bares strong similarities to last year's. They have switched from Puma to Adidas however and the contrast between the three white Adidas stripes and royal blue looks glorious.
The diagonal blue lines alongside the gold trim create additional texture which wasn't seen last season and looks easy on the eye. The shirt has also changed from a buttoned collar to a v-neck which I think personally looks far better.
Rating: 7/10
The Cardiff away kit wasn't great, but this is even worse. It's a very similar look with the grey both chequered and horizontally striped. A darker grey makes the kit feel even more dreary and the orange Adidas stripes to make it more vibrant don't work whatsoever.
Probably the worst kit I've seen for 2018/19 in the Prem.
Rating: 1/10
Liverpool
Liverpool have reverted back to a collared shirt with, of course, a predominant red feel to it.
The use of different coloured red stripes livens the kit up that extra notch and looks as professional as ever. A great job by New Balance.
Rating: 8/10
Vibrant is an understatement. Liverpool must win something this season in order to be able to pull this one off. It's bright purple, and I mean bright purple. Maybe it's to help Loris Karius give the ball to a Liverpool player rather than a Real Madrid one…
Although it is incredibly bright and will stay vivid in the memory, it's not too awful, could be Leicester's.
Rating: 3/10
Manchester City
Man City's home shirt represents the classic strip the club have used throughout the years.
The white shorts and midnight navy socks take you back to when the club won their first league title in 1936/1937 and also during 1998/99, which is considered by many to be the turning point in the modern history of the club.
There is a mixture of modernity and history in the whole outfit which really looks the part for a defending champion.
Traditional City colours partnered with blue speed stripes on the arms give it an extra edge.
Rating: 8/10
Manchester United
The only kit released by Manchester United is their third kit. It too represents a part of their history as a club.
It's inspired by the 50th anniversary of United's historic first European Cup win and offers a glorious shimmer which is set to look the part when on the field this season.
The navy blue jersey resembles the royal blue kit worn by Sir Matt Busby's men in their victory over Benfica at Wembley in May 1968 and Adidas have done a masterful job.
It has also been created from Parley Ocean Plastic in partnership with Parley for the Oceans to create awareness of the issue of plastic in our oceans.
My favourite kit out of the Premier League clubs.
Rating: 10/10
Newcastle United
Newcastle have unveiled their new home strip at the same time as their new midfielder Ki Sung-Yueng.
You can only see the shirt and although it looks classy, I can't help but think of how it looks identical to last year's.
It even has the same red writing on the back of the shirt and although the black and white stripes are a classic that we love to see, the massive logo on the front doesn't do it any favours.
Rating: Because it has barely changed I'm giving it a 4/10.
Southampton
Southampton's new jersey isn't the most spectacular.
The red and white stripes of course remain but the black outline doesn't suit the style of the jersey.
For once on a football shirt, the logo actually fits in rather well, so I guess that's one positive.
Rating: 5/10
Watford
The new Watford kit is nothing short of breathtaking.
It's a completely different design to last year's and oozes quality.
The Hornets have gone for more of a ‘hornet' colour with an equal amount of yellow and black forming vertical stripes.
The brightness of the yellow and alongside the black looks incredibly classy and is the best home shirt that has been released in the Premier League as of yet.
One I can't wait to see next season.
Rating: 10/10
West Ham
The Hammers have released their home and away kits all in one go and the home one looks the part.
A traditional maroon coloured home strip is basic, but simplicity is the ultimate sophistication.
The horizontal darker maroon stripes add extra effect and works well.
Rating: 7/10
West Ham have gone outside the box for their away jersey with a dark teal majority featuring claret cuffs.
It just isn't very nice.
Not one I want to see too frequently next season.
Rating: 3/10
Wolves
I'm not normally a fan of the drab and understated orange of Wolverhampton Wanderers, but switching over to Adidas seems to have completely changed the game.
It's a brighter orange/gold that is more impressive than past home shirts and the black stripes, cuffs and sponsor all combine to create a really lovely piece of kit.
A strong introduction from Adidas.
Rating: 8/10
Just when you thought the Championship winner's kits couldn't get any better, they release their away jersey.
It's even better than the home with the black features all remaining but with the main colour white.
An ever so classy top to wear on their return to Premier League.
Rating: 9/10
OTTAWA — Federal officials have rejected requests from more than 1,500 organizations for funding through the government's premier summer jobs program, a 12-fold increase since the Liberals added new criteria for funding that have drawn the ire of faith-based groups.
Last year, the government rejected 126 applications for a variety of reasons, such as not meeting funding requirements or missing details on their forms.
This year, officials have rejected 1,561 applications for the same reasons, but also for objecting to the wording of a new declaration that required jobs to be funded, as well as the main activities of groups themselves, to respect reproductive rights.
The government said it added the requirement in response to concerns officials heard that funding through the popular jobs program had gone toward paying for students to protest outside abortion clinics or create and distribute graphic anti-abortion pamphlets.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Aaron Chalmers has revealed his opponent for his next MMA fight and is prepared for a much tougher contest than his debut.
The Geordie Shore star won his first professional MMA fight during BAMMA 29 in front of a packed crowd at Birmingham's Genting Arena.
He beat Greg Jenkins with a first-round submission after just two minutes, and prompted many to agree he may have a bright future in the sport when it was first derided as a PR stunt.
Now Mirror Sport can reveal Chalmers will face Alex Thompson at BAMMA London on September 15 at The SSE Arena Wembley, London.
(Image: Getty Images)
(Image: Getty Images)
(Image: WENN.com)
As Chalmers explains to Jade Morris in the above video, he is expecting a much tougher encounter in his second fight.
He is expecting a "dog fight" against Thompson, who is more of a grappler who will be keen to take Chalmers to the ground while the reality star is more comfortable on his feet.
In his first fight, Chalmers escaped an arm bar before catching a dazed Jenkins in the crucifix position before forcing the submission with an Americana lock.
(Image: WENN.com)
Geordie Shore star Aaron Chalmers wins MMA debut as he beats Greg Jenkins at BAMMA 29
After the win he said he "can't wait to do it all again".
"That was the most pressure I'm ever going to have," he told Morris.
"Now that pressure's off. The first one's done. I know what to expect.
"I don't think I'm going to get the reception I got in Birmingham, with all the booing, I think now I can sit back, enjoy myself and let everything I've trained for, put it into practice."
For tickets to Bamma London visit ticketmaster.co.uk or ssearena.co.uk .
MADRID — A prominent critic of the Kremlin says Russia is trying to block his investigation into the murder of a former employee by abusing an Interpol system of warrants that caused him to be briefly detained in Spain on Wednesday. “Vladimir Putin and the Russian government are absolutely infuriated that we are bringing them to justice for the murder of Sergei Magnitsky,” U.S.-born and London-based investor William Browder told The Associated Press.
William Browder says Spanish police took him away when he was heading to meet with prosecutors on Wednesday to share evidence on property investments in Spain with funds allegedly linked to Sergei Magnitsky's murder. ( Remy de la Mauviniere / The Associated Press )
The financier has advocated for U.S. sanctions targeting Russian officials over human rights abuses. He was the driving force behind the Magnitsky Act, named after Browder's former employee, who died in jail after accusing Russian officials of involvement in a tax fraud scheme. Browder, who is the head of the Hermitage Capital investment fund, said Spanish police took him away when he was heading to meet with prosecutors on Wednesday to share evidence on property investments in Spain with funds allegedly linked to Magnitsky's murder. A national police spokesperson said Browder was released when agents confirmed that an arrest warrant from Russia that appeared in police databases was invalid. The spokesperson had no authorization to be named in media reports.
Article Continued Below
In December, a Moscow court sentenced Browder to nine years in prison in absentia on charges of tax evasion and funnelling money overseas. The financier and Ivan Cherkasov, an associate who was sentenced to eight years behind bars, were also ordered to pay $69 million (U.S.) to the Russian government in damages. The same court convicted Browder of tax evasion in another trial in absentia in 2013. Browder has dismissed the accusations. “They are using everything they can to stop me, and the abuse of the Interpol system is another example of that,” Browder told AP after meeting Spain's top anti-corruption prosecutor, Jose Grinda, following his release from detention. Browder said he had shared with Grinda evidence about how $35 million allegedly connected to the 2009 murder of Magnitsky had been laundered through investments in Spanish property.
The financier, who is a plaintiff in the Spanish investigation, said Spain is among 15 countries following the money trail. “We are hoping that eventually prosecutors here seize property, seize accounts and prosecute individuals so that nobody benefits from the murder of Sergei Magnitsky,” Browder said.
Article Continued Below
The Magnitsky Act became a sore point between the U.S. and Russia after it was signed into law by former president Barack Obama in 2012. Shortly afterward, President Vladimir Putin signed a law banning American citizens from adopting Russian children, in a move widely viewed as retaliation. Browder himself had reported his detention in Madrid in a series of tweets. He posted a police document with the word “fraud” written as the cause for the detention, and then followed it with a photo of himself outside of a police station saying he had been released “after Interpol General Secretary in Lyon advised them not to honour the new Russian Interpol Red Notice.” He claimed that “this is the 6th time that Russia has abused Interpol in my case.” “Bill Browder remained in police custody this morning for the minimum necessary time, until Interpol Spain verified that the arrest warrant issued by the Russian authorities for tax evasion was invalid,” according to a Spanish-language tweet by police. However, in an email, Interpol said it has never issued a Red Notice for Browder. Red Notice alerts are sent to Interpol member countries to locate and arrest specific people based on a national warrant. As early as July 2013, the international police organization said it erased from its database Russian requests to locate and arrest Browder due to its “predominantly political character.” Fair Trials, a global criminal justice watchdog, said the confusion over Browder's arrest highlighted the serious problems with Interpol's system of global “wanted person” alerts. “Interpol should scrutinize alerts before it puts them out through its international networks,” Fair Trials chief executive Jago Russell said in an email Wednesday. “Spain should also exercise sense and discretion before arresting people. The result could have been very different if it weren't for Browder's high profile.” British Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson welcomed Browder's release, tweeting: “Just spoken to Bill Browder — very glad that he has now been released.” “Moscow should concentrate on bringing those responsible for the murder of #Magnitsky to justice,” Johnson added. Browder led one of the biggest investment funds in Russia for 10 years before he left the country and was barred re-entry in 2006 on the grounds that he posed a threat to national security.
Read more about:
SPORTS
Medals to be awarded at the 2018 PyeongChang Winter Parlympics were unveiled Monday, with a nod to the Korean culture and traditions.
The competition's organizing committee said the Paralympics medals are based on the same design principles of the medals for the Winter Olympics, in that both have been inspired by the Korean culture and its alphabet, hangeul. Lee Suk-woo, a South Korean industrial designer who designed the Olympic medals, also produced the Paralympic medals.
The Paralympics will take place from March 9 to 18.
This photo provided by the organizing committee for the 2018 PyeongChang Winter Paralympics on Dec. 11, 2017, shows the medals to be awarded at the competition. (Yonhap)
The medals are 92.5 millimeters in diameter and 9.42 millimeters in width. They have the hangeul consonants of the words PyeongChang 2018 Paralympic Winter Games engraved around the edge. Traditional patterns, including clouds, mountains, wind and wood, each symbolizing the nature of PyeongChang and its home province of Gangwon, grace the obverse.The Paralympic Games' symbol of three agitos are on the front side of the medal, with the Paralympics' logo and the name of each sport featured on the back.The Paralympic medals' lanyard has much the same design as that for the Winter Olympics, in that both have snowflake patterns embroidered on "Gapsa," a type of cloth used in the traditional Korean dress of hanbok. Light teal and light red were used in consistency with the look of the quadrennial competition.The curved pattern of the medal case was inspired by the Korean traditional beauty, the organizers said.At the PyeongChang Paralympics, 133 sets of medals will be awarded across six sports and 80 events."The Paralympic Winter Games medals for PyeongChang 2018 are a symbol of equality, creativity, culture and passion," said Lee Hee-beom, the top organizer of the competition. "The work that has gone into the design and manufacturing of the medals has been world class, and we are all looking forward to the moment when the first medal will be awarded to the world's best Paralympic athletes next year." (Yonhap)
OPINION
Much has been made of the silly, weird, contrived hairstyles of America's president and North Korea's Dear Leader.
The incredible gold helmet that finds no parallel in nature. The side-shaved mop top that astonishes with ugliness.
Unfortunately, the comparisons do not stop there.
Donald Trump and Kim Jong-un were both spoiled rich bullies growing up with unusual appetites for food, expensive toys and women. They both had father complexes. They both crave daily doses of flattery and adulation. And they each think ominous, untempered threats are the way to more power.
So how serious is this new crisis?
North Korea is fast developing nuclear weapons and intercontinental ballistic missiles and likes to rattle sabers even though it's probably not quite ready to deliver a warhead to US shores. Trump, barely seven months into his presidency and with no major wins since taking office, sees his job approval rating is plummeting. He relishes making bellicose threats. Is war possible? Nuclear war?
Our instincts are to say that's ridiculous. But history is littered with evidence of stupid, pointless wars started because of miscalculation, hunger for power, fear, and rhetoric that quickly escalated beyond control, ending in death and destruction.
Experts warn that Trump's threat to unleash “fire and fury and, frankly, power the likes of which this world has never seen before” is counter-productive. They also warn that, yes, we could blunder into a devastating war, killing millions and destroying the idea of America as a peacekeeper and beacon of hope and democracy.
What good are nuclear weapons if they are never used, Trump famously asked with a shrug during his presidential campaign. Did he mean it? Who knows? Years ago on NBC, he said that he would launch a pre-emptive nuclear strike against North Korea.
When he took office, he said North Korea would not get a nuclear warhead that could threaten the United States “It won't happen,” he tweeted with certainty. It's happening. He's piqued. He once promised he'd be “honored” to negotiate with Kim Jong-un. But Trump's self-proclaimed amazing skills in the art of the deal won't do much good in working with a guy who has regularly cheated on the international stage.
The people Trump calls “my generals” -- his chief of staff, the secretary of defense and his national security adviser— did not sign off on Trump's fiery rhetoric and red line. (Didn't we have enough ridiculous red-line drawing under former President Obama?) Trump's generals know there is no good military option in dealing with North Korea. No president, including Richard Nixon, responded to North Korea's provocations with military strikes.
Kim is a tyrant who thinks he is a supreme being, a man with no concern for the lives of others. He runs a dictatorship and promises to “pre-emptively annihilate” anyone who threatens the regime's “supreme dignity.” He sees North Korea's nuclear weapons as the only way to ensure the survival of his family's dynasty. He has hidden bunkers, 1,000 missiles, 1.2 million soldiers, 10,000 artillery tubes, and biological and chemical weapons 50 kilometers and three minutes away from Seoul.
The United Nations Security Council's new sanctions on North Korea, supposed to eliminate $1 billion to $3 billion in annual trade with other nations, must be enforced, with China being the key. The good news is that China and Russia both voted for tougher sanctions.
Trump should make clear in a prime-time TV speech -- using teleprompters -- that the United States will not start a pre-emptive war. He should assure Japan and South Korea he will consult with them before he does anything and reassure them and the world the United States will always be a protector. It is also to be hoped that Kim knows war would spell the end for his debauched life.
We have lived with a nuclear Russia, far more dangerous to us than North Korea. We have lived with a nuclear China. It requires restraint and compromise. But in more than half a century, there has been no nuclear war. It would be catastrophic to yield to provocation and go to war with a criminal regime that will not last forever.
This is another reminder that elections have consequences and that sometimes what you see is what you get -- on the head and inside it.
By Ann McFeatters
Ann McFeatters is an op-ed columnist for Tribune News Service. -- Ed.
(Tribune Content Agency)
America in better shape now than it has been in years — Jan. 29
I must say that the response put forward by Michael Fox regarding the good old U.S.A. sounds distinctively like it came out of Donald Trump's mouth rather than a Canadian's. Or more selectively, from a Fox News reporter.
The USA is more divisive now than ever, caused by the reflective right. But that is their country, not ours. If they are better off, how come Canadians and the world no longer want to vacation there? Because it is a scary place. Oh and I saw "The Post," it was quite good.
Mike Kropf
Waterloo
After soaring to $4,000 on exchange markets over the weekend, the bitcoin cryptocurrency is continuing to rise, topping a record $4,300 on Monday — nearly a thousand dollars above its rate one week ago, according to data from the Coinbase currency exchange.
Bitcoin settled back under the $4,300 mark after reaching a new high Monday morning, according to several exchanges that track the decentralized currency.
"The bitcoin market cap soared past $70 billion," says CryptoCoins News, adding that a "flippening" that has been anticipated for years in the cryptocurrency community had finally come to pass, as "bitcoin now has a greater total valuation than payment-processing behemoth PayPal."
A bitcoin could be bought for around $570 just 12 months ago — reflecting a rise of around 645 percent to today's exchange rate.
Reporting on the rise, the Coindesk site says the market capitalization of all cryptocurrencies reached a record $138 billion on Monday.
The steep ascent can be attributed to a number of factors, from political concerns to a recent split into two currencies — Bitcoin Classic and Bitcoin Cash. That change, which became official on Aug. 1, was made to give the currency a more robust infrastructure; it was also tied to a move to allow large trades in the currency to occur more frequently.
Formally introduced in 2009, bitcoin has steadily accumulated both users and investors. And blockchain, the technology that underlies bitcoin, has been embraced by both academics and banking giants such as Fidelity — which now lets customers tracks investments in cryptocurrency — and Goldman Sachs.
Other factors, such as bitcoin's role as a hedge against political uncertainty, also play a role. A finance executive tells CNBC that South Koreans have shown a "surge of interest" in the currency as the U.S. and North Korea trade threats. The network also says there's strong interest in bitcoin in Japan, with the yen accounting for 42 percent of bitcoin currency purchases.
It's been a heady summer for bitcoin holders. After the virtual currency hit a record $2,420 in May, The Economist ran a story asking, "What if the bitcoin bubble bursts?" and wondering if its rise could be compared to historic market crazes — like the one over tulips.
Noting that "Anyone clever or lucky enough to have bought $1,000 of bitcoins in July 2010, when the price stood at $0.05, would now have a stash worth $46 million," The Economist added, "Ascents this steep are rarely sustainable." — before concluding, "If there is such a thing as a healthy bubble, this is it."
For those that don't dive into politics (like some of us do), this whole FISA Memo that was released a little while ago probably has you thinking about wrapping your head with duct tape, or simply ignoring the whole thing. Despite the fact that this Memo was boiled down from a massive amount of documentation and testimony, it still reads like War and Peace even if it is only 4 pages. I have spoken to a few of my friends and tried to explain what the Memo means, but I am not sure they get it. I will ask them when they wake up.
So let me try again and I will try to make it easy to grasp.
Once upon a time not too long ago there lived a self entitled aging Princess who expected to be Queen of the World. Her name was Hillary. Her path to the throne was supposed to be simple. She was to have a pretend race against another the aging Prince Bernie and then coast to victory against the Republican by using the woman card and the race card. The world would cheer and we would all live happily ever after under the boot of Queen Hillary and she would grow rich.
But the Republicans had a really strange thing happen on her way to her coronation. The Republican Prince that would challenge her was no ordinary Republican. He was the golden / orange Prince named Trump who tapped into the feelings of the people.
“How can we make sure I win,” she asked?
“Leave it to us,” said her campaign staff.
So they plotted and thought and thought and plotted. And during this period, her Campaign Manager John Podesta fell for the oldest email trick in the book and clicked on a link that said he had to change his email password. Not realizing that this sent him to a fake site, Podesta typed in his old password and “changed” it to a new one. And the hackers that fooled him had his email password.
“I will blame the Russians,” he shouted when he realized he had been duped.
“And we will say Trump was involved,” he added.
“How will we do that,” aging Princess Hillary asked.
“Easy,” he replied, “We will hire someone to dig up Russian dirt on Prince Trump.”
So the Hillary campaign hired a company called Fusion GPS. And even though they were sure Hillary would be Queen, they used a Law Firm to actually pay Fusion GPS who then hired a former British spy named Christopher Steel.
Now Steel was a crafty fellow, but one thing was sure. He absolutely hated Donald Trump and told anyone that would listen that he would do anything to prevent Trump from becoming King.
So Hillary paid the Lawyer who paid Fusion who paid #NeverTrump Brit Steel who paid someone in Russia to make up a bunch of stories about Donald Trump. And these were really good stories and they even used Hookers and urinating on beds Obama slept in all over Russia.
So Hillary read the fabricated stories and then had an idea.
“Let's tap Prince Trump's phones in Trump Tower,” she said.
It was a brilliant idea they all said. That way they would know everything he did and said. And they would use anything they heard to make sure Hillary won – just like they did to Bernie!
But first they had to get the Steele Fables to the FBI. Even though they were all either scared of Hillary or friends with her, the Hillary Campaign decided it was best to not have her simply take the fables to her FBI contacts.
So they had their lawyers ask Fusion to hire a woman who's husband, Bruce Ohr, worked for Obama's Attorney General Loretta Lynch (Get Back Loretta!). So Fusion hired Nellie Ohr (Whoa Nellie!)
So now they had a path to get the fables to the Department of Justice. So the path to the FBI was from Hillary, through a Law Firm, through Fusion to Nellie at Fusion and right to her hubby, Bruce Ohr. Nobody could ever follow that path, right?
Time was of the essence with the election looming. But there was another problem. How to tap Trump's phone. Well, there was some dirt in the Steele Dossier about a man named Carter Page having a meeting with Russians a few years back. And Carter Page was a volunteer with the Trump Campaign and would probably be talking to people in Trump Tower. If only they could get FISA Court approval to tap his phone, they could then listen in on conversations of Page and whoever he talked to, then get court permission to tap their lines and cells. And on and on. Until they could listen to every conversation at Trump headquarters.
Thank goodness the FISA Courts are secret. If anyone ever found out the Hillary was using the Loretta Lynch DOJ and the FBI to gain an advantage in the election, well, thank goodness Hillary would be Queen soon and nobody would ever find out.
But there was one more problem. The FBI couldn't verify much at all in the Dossier. And the court would not just accept the collection of Russian Fables without knowing they were true. So Hillary called the law firm who called Fusion who asked Nellie to tell her Hubby Bruce to get Steele to leak the story from his dossier that Carter Page talked to the Russians a few years ago. And Yahoo News was only too happy to publish the story that other liberal news sites picked up.
“So have you verified this information about Carter Page,” the FISA Judge asked?
“We sure have,” said the FBI. “The story is all over the internet on sites like Yahoo News,” the FBI offered.
“Well then, here's your wire tap warrant,” the judge said, not knowing he had been duped.
And one after one, a lot of Trump's campaign people and his transition team were tapped.
The End (of chapter one).
So what happens now?
I am expecting a few people to be leaving their jobs at the FBI and DOJ. These people were nothing more than Hillary campaign workers using the intelligence apparatus of the US Government to spy on their political opponent. These people have tainted the FBI and the DOJ and we cannot trust these agencies to be impartial until some changes are made. We entrust these people with keeping us safe and with that trust we must give them a lot of power over our privace and trust they will not misuse that power. Or the trust.
But that is what they did.
I wouldn't be surprised if the FISA Judge – or judges – that were made fools of, don't come after the perpetrators with charges of Contempt, fraud, falsifying documents, or a number of other charges. If they don't, the judges on the FISA Court look like stooges. And they are already sensitive to being branded the “rubber stamp” court for approving pretty much every warrant.
This is chapter One. There will be as many as 9 more chapters before this book is done. There are a lot more things coming out.
The Democrats told us the sky would fall if this memo were released. But they are only trying to protect their operatives inside the Trump Agencies. They are the resistance. That is all they have left.
Now people will sit back and posture. I hope the swamp is freed of at least a few of the evil creatures.
We shall see.
About Tom White Tom is a US Navy Veteran, owns an Insurance Agency and is currently an IT Manager for a Virginia Distributor. He has been published in American Thinker, currently writes for the Richmond Examiner as well as Virginia Right! Blog.Tom lives in Hanover County, Va and is involved in politics at every level and is a Recovering Republican who has finally had enough of the War on Conservatives in progress with the Leadership of the GOP on a National Level.
Share this: Facebook
Google
Twitter
LinkedIn
Print
Pinterest
Tumblr
More
Reddit
