The Niagara IceDogs went winless in back-to-back games on the weekend in eastern Ontario.
The IceDogs didn't return home emptyhanded, though.
From a 6-5 loss to Ottawa 67's Friday, they learned that playing less than one period won't get the job done.
The following night, in a 5-3 loss to the Kingston Frontenacs, they found out they are capable of keeping pace with a championship contender.
“I thought we played 18 minutes in Ottawa,” head coach Billy Burke said. “We were just too swingy, made too many soft plays where we usually make hard plays.”
Burke gave the IceDogs credit for “roaring back” in the third period against the 67's and bringing that momentum to Kingston, where they played a full 60 minutes against a team that loaded up at the trade deadline to make a run for a Memorial Cup championship.
“I thought we had a real strong game tonight,” he said. “We're all winners on this bus and we hate losing, but we can life with losing how we lost tonight.
“They guy competed. I thought Colton Incze and Johnny Corneil, especially, had two strong games for us.”
He said the play of Frontenacs goaltender Jeremy Helvig made all the difference.
“He definitely stole this game for them,” Burke said. “That's why Kingston decided to load up.
“They realized this is Helvig's last year and he's a special player, and he proved that tonight.”
“I honestly think we were the better team.”
The Frontenacs scored two empty-net goals and two on the power play, including one that found the back of net off a bad bounce from a Niagara defender.
“For us to come in there and give them absolutely everything they have, to barely escape with that win is certainly a nice sign of growth for us.”
The IceDogs outshot their hosts 18-9 in the first period, their high for the season so far.
However, they had nothing to show for it on the scoreboard.
Incze matched Helvig save-for-save until 7:02 into the second when Jason Robertson connected on the power play to open the scoring for the Frontenacs.
Ben Jones nearly netted the equalizer on Niagara's next possession but the Vegas Golden Knights draft pick was robbed by Helvig who was on his way to earning star of the game honours.
Shots in the second were 15 apiece but it was Niagara that made the most of its scoring opportunities. Corneil set up Akil Thomas' 15th goal of the season with a playmaker's pass from behind the net and Sam Miletic scored his 26th overall, and 10th as an IceDog, to put Niagara up 2-1 heading into the third period.
Goals from Cliff Pu, on the power play; Ryan Cranford, into an empty net; and Linus Nyman put the Frontenacs up 4-2 before Danial Singer made it a one-goal with his 22nd of the campaign with 49 seconds remaining in regulation.
Nyman rounded out the scoring with an empty-netter with four seconds left on the clock.
Shots were 39-all.
Kingston went 2-for-4 on the power play; Niagara, 0-for-1.
With the win, the Frontenacs took the season series with the IceDogs 3-1 and improved to 27-16-4-3.
Niagara lost its third in a row dropping to 26-16-4-2 in league play and falling two points behind the Barrie Colts, 29-18-2-1; for first place in the Central Division.
Niagara has two games in hand.
The IceDogs visit the Kitchener Rangers Tuesday and host the Sault Ste. Greyhounds two nights later. Puck drop for both games is 7 p.m.
'Dog Biscuits: Saturday night's game a bit of a homecoming for Billy Burke who played football and hockey at Queen's University in Kingston ... Niagara's Adrian Carbonara and Kingston's Liam Murray were both given five-minute majors and ejected from the game for a fight 2:04 into the game.
bfranke@postmedia.com
HILLSBOROUGH COUNTY, Fla. (WFLA) – A man who called deputies to rescue him from a marsh was arrested on drug charges last Thursday.
Hillsborough County Sheriff's Office deputies responded to Hillsborough River State Park to search for a hiker who called and said he'd been lost since noon the previous day and his phone battery was dying.
Deputies, along with the Marine Unit, Aviation Unit, Special Incident Response Team, Florida Fish and Wildlife Commission, Hillsborough County Parks and Recreation and Hillsborough Fire Rescue responded to search for the hiker.
He was spotted in a wooded marsh area between Hillsborough River State Park and John Sergeant Park.
FWC officials made contact with him and realized the name he had given on the phone was false.
Deputies determined the hiker's name is Rufus Buckner. Deputies said he did not cooperate and gave deputies conflicting information about when he arrived to the park, who he was with and what he was doing there.
Deputies found a straw with methamphetamine residue in his bag.
Buckner is charged with possession of drug paraphernalia and possession of meth and is banned from all county and state parks.
WASHINGTON (AP) — The House followed up on the sex abuse scandal involving sports doctor Larry Nassar by passing legislation Monday that requires governing bodies for amateur athletics to promptly report abuse claims to law enforcement.
Nassar was sentenced last week to up to 175 years in prison for sexually abusing more than 150 women and girls over 25 years.
The sentencing sparked new calls from lawmakers to complete action on legislation that had already received widespread support in both chambers of Congress. The House agreed to take up the Senate version of the bill to speed up its passage. The bill passed the House by a vote of 406-3.
The House made a change in the bill, which sent it back to the Senate for approval before it can go to President Donald Trump for his signature.
Supporters of the bill, sponsored by Sen. Dianne Feinstein, D-Calif., said a patchwork of state laws on reporting suspected sex abuse made it necessary to enact a uniform national standard that would apply to amateur sports groups such as USA Gymnastics as well as to other sports organizations that participate in interstate and international travel. The failure to report a sexual abuse allegation could lead to up to one year in prison.
Lawmakers who spoke in favor of the bill said that Nassar's victims were failed by the people who were supposed to protect them.
"How a serial predator like Dr. Nassar could have preyed on so many young girls for a long time in such a flagrant fashion is appalling," said Rep. Ted Poe, R-Texas.
During House debate on the bill, Poe read from the testimony that some of the gymnasts delivered at last week's sentencing hearing and entered the statements for publication in the Congressional Record. High-profile Olympians who delivered statements included six-time medalist Aly Raisman, 2011 world champion and 2012 Olympic gold medalist Jordyn Wieber and two-time Olympic medalist McKayla Maroney.
"All they wanted to do was to make us proud. All they wanted to do was show the strength of women and the resolve of women," said Rep. Sheila Jackson Lee, D-Texas.
The legislation also extends the statute of limitations for victims to sue alleged perpetrators, recognizing that children sometimes don't realize they were abused until years later. The statute of limitations was extended to age 28 or up to 10 years after the reasonable discovery of the violation, whichever is later.
The legislation also requires the governing bodies for amateur athletes to put in place "reasonable procedures" to limit one-on-one interactions between minors and adults, except in emergencies.
The U.S. Center for Safe Sport was created by the U.S. Olympic Committee in March 2017 as a wholly independent body to investigate allegations of sexual misconduct in 47 various Olympic governing bodies. The legislation builds on that effort by requiring the organization to maintain an office that would develop training and oversight practices to prevent the abuse of athletes.
Each of the governing bodies for Olympic athletes such as USA Gymnastics and USA Swimming will work with the center to develop procedures for accepting complaints and reporting them to law enforcement.
Feinstein met last year with some of the gymnasts alleging sexual abuse.
"Today is their day, and they should be proud that their decision to speak out has resulted in changes that will prevent the abuse of future generations of athletes," Feinstein said.
LONDON (AP) — In a shock announcement, Prime Minister Theresa May on Tuesday called for an early general election to be held June 8 to seek a strong mandate as she negotiates Britain's exit from the European Union.
Standing outside 10 Downing Street, May said she would ask the House of Commons on Wednesday to back her call for an election, three years before the next scheduled date in May 2020.
She said that since Britons voted to leave the EU in June, the country had come together, but politicians had not. She said the political divisions “risk our ability to make a success of Brexit.”
At present, May's governing Conservatives have 330 seats in the 650-seat House of Commons. May said that “our opponents believe that because the government's majority is so small, our resolve will weaken and that they can force us to change course” on leaving the EU.
“They are wrong,” she said. “They underestimate our determination to get the job done and I am not prepared to let them endanger the security of millions of working people across the country.”
Under Britain's Fixed-Term Parliaments Act, elections are held every five years, but the prime minister can call a snap election if two-thirds of lawmakers vote for it.
The leader of the main opposition Labour Party, Jeremy Corbyn, has previously said he would back such a call.
May took office in July after predecessor David Cameron stepped down following his failed attempt to get voters to back remaining in the EU. Since then she has ruled out calling an early election to get her own mandate. But she said Tuesday she had “reluctantly” changed her mind.
Polls give May's Conservatives a double-digit lead on Labour, which is divided under left-wing leader Corbyn.
The pound rose 0.1 percent against the U.S. dollar after the announcement, to 1.257, recovering from a 0.4 percent drop an hour earlier.
STORIES THAT OTHERS ARE CLICKING ON
>> MORE TOP STORIES
BUFFALO, N.Y. — Pekka Rinne stopped 35 shots for his eighth shutout of the season and the Nashville Predators set a franchise record by earning a point in their 15th consecutive game with a 4-0 win over the Buffalo Sabres on Monday night.
Mike Fisher and Ryan Johansen scored goals 4:34 apart in the second period, and Filip Forsberg and Ryan Hartman sealed the victory by scoring in the final four minutes.
The NHL-leading Predators improved to 14-0-1 in their past 15, and also extended their team-best road winning streak to nine straight.
Rinne won his 11th straight to match his personal best in a stretch in which he's allowed just 18 goals. The shutout was the 51st of his 12-year career and third in nine games. Rinne also improved to 40-9-4 in becoming the NHL's seventh goalie to win 40 games in a season three or more times.
BLUE JACKETS 5, BRUINS 4, OT
BOSTON (AP) — Cam Atkinson scored 2:55 into overtime to lift Columbus to its eighth straight win, spoiling a splendid NHL debut for Boston forward Ryan Donato.
Sonny Milano, Boone Jenner, Thomas Vanek and Artemi Panarin also scored for the Blue Jackets. Nick Foligno had two assists, and Vanek and Jenner each added one. Joonas Korpisalo stopped 34 shots.
Atkinson cut in on the left wing and fired a wrister past Rask for the game-winner.
Columbus moved into a tie with Philadelphia with 85 points, but the Flyers hold the tiebreaker for third place in the Metropolitan Division and the Blue Jackets hold the first wild card in the Eastern Conference.
Donato had a goal and two assists for Boston, which moved a point behind idle Tampa Bay for first in the Atlantic. Riley Nash, Brad Marchand and David Krejci also scored for the Bruins, and Tuukka Rask finished with 20 saves.
KINGS 4, WILD 3, OT.
ST. PAUL, Minn. (AP) — Jeff Carter scored his second goal of the game with 33.8 seconds left on the clock in overtime and Los Angeles recovered after giving up a two-goal lead.
Tanner Pearson and Dustin Brown also scored for Los Angeles, which has alternated wins and losses over its past nine games. The Kings pulled into a tie with Anaheim for third place in the Pacific Division with 86 points, and hold the tiebreaker over the Ducks.
Jonathan Quick made 24 saves for the Kings, who appeared headed to a second straight loss until Brown tipped home a point shot from Drew Doughty with 46.5 seconds left in regulation. Doughty finished with three assists.
Joel Eriksson Ek scored for the first time in 13 games with 2:31 left to give Minnesota the lead after trailing 2-0. Eric Staal added his 39th and Zach Parise had his second goal in three games for the Wild.
Devan Dubnyk stopped 26 shots for Minnesota, which is in third in the Central Division, four points ahead of Colorado.
PANTHERS 2, CANADIENS 0
MONTREAL (AP) — Roberto Luongo stopped 28 shots for his third shutout of the season and 76th of his career to lead Florida.
Aaron Ekblad and Aleksander Barkov scored to help the Panthers inch closer to a playoff position, pulling three points behind idle new Jersey for the second wild card in the Eastern Conference. Florida has two games in hand on the Devils.
Antti Niemi finished with 38 saves for Montreal, which was shut out for the second straight game and 12th time this season — including three against the Panthers. The Canadiens were coming off a 4-0 loss at Toronto on Saturday.
COYOTES 5, FLAMES 2
GLENDALE, Ariz. (AP) — Oliver Ekman-Larsson scored twice late in the third period to lead Arizona.
Max Domi also had two goals for Arizona, including an empty-netter with 21 seconds left, and had an assist on Ekman-Larsson's tiebreaking goal. Richard Panik scored early in the second period for the Coyotes, and Antti Raanta stopped 42 shots.
Dougie Hamilton had a goal and an assist, and Sean Monahan also scored as Calgary lost for the fourth time in five games. Mike Smith finished with 25 saves.
Domi stole a pass in the Calgary zone and beat Smith to tie the score at 2-2 with about 2 1/2 minutes left in the second period.
Both teams missed several scoring chances in the third period until Ekman-Larsson put the Coyotes ahead with 3:41 remaining with his 100th career goal. He then had an empty-netter 2:04 later for his 13th of the season to double the lead.
I looked up to him and he was someone I wanted to be like." She's referring to Church of Nazarene in Mid-City, where Wright and his wife were pastors.
I took a class from him and he offered up that I could come to his church," adding, "
McClanahan says she met Wright four years ago while he was her professor at Point Loma Nazarene University.
She says she thought she could trust John Wright because he was her pastor and professor. Now she's suing him for sexual battery and rape, among other complaints.
In an exclusive interview with 10News, a young San Diego woman says her former pastor and professor manipulated her to repeatedly have sex with him, claiming it was the way to treat her PTSD. He's firing back, blaming her for illegal recordings and harassment.
23-year-old Amy McClanahan tells us her story is painful and often embarrassing, but says she decided to speak on-camera as a way to empower other victims to come out of the shadows.
Amy became a member of the church and says she eventually told Wright her secret. "She had a rough childhood," says McClanahan's attorney, Dan Gilleon. The lawsuit describes how McClanahan had been the victim of long-term childhood sexual abuse and suffered PTSD, but Wright offered to help "heal" her. 10News asked McClanahan if she thinks Wright singled her out. "I think he did because I was in a very vulnerable state," she replies.
Soon McClanahan and John Wright exchanged emails and began meeting at coffee shops and parks, according to the lawsuit. McClanahan adds, "He would want to hold hands while we were talking and I was kind of ‘weirded out' but I thought it was okay because he was my pastor."
The relationship then turned into a sexual one, according to the lawsuit. McClanahan provided 10News with numerous texts between the two that revealed graphic details of their intimacy. In several text exchanges, they'd profess their love for each other. McClanahan provided another instant message she claims was from Wright. It reads in part, "…all the trauma will wash away…" as he performs a sexual act on her. It is followed by, "I promise."
"He's a wolf in sheep's clothing." - Dan Gilleon, McClanahan's attorney
The lawsuit claims that Wright convinced McClanahan to have a sexual relationship to heal her from her childhood sexual abuse. "He duped her into thinking he could somehow heal her and she went along with it and in the process [she] somehow got horribly injured," he adds.
Meanwhile, John Wright alleges to be a victim, too, and so does his wife. We were outside the San Diego Superior Courthouse while John Wright was leaving a restraining order hearing, but he wouldn't talk to us. Both he and his wife have been granted temporary restraining orders against McClanahan.
The couple is also suing McClanahan for recording confidential information and intentionally inflicting emotional distress. McClanahan provided us a copy of an audio recording that the Wrights are claiming she obtained illegally. McClanahan says it was taken during the fallout of her affair with John Wright.
In the recording, McClanahan identifies a man's voice as Wright, saying, "I thought I was healing you," and apologizing several times. In the exchange, McClanahan asks Wright if he recognized how uncomfortable she was with their sexual relationship, given she viewed him as her mentor.
The Wrights' lawsuit against McClanahan accuses her of constantly harassing and disturbing the Wrights
The Wrights' lawsuit against McClanahan accuses her of constantly harassing and disturbing the Wrights, once the sexual relationship between John Wright and McClanahan stopped.
Part of the lawsuit reads, "…she intended to get revenge against [John Wright] for ending his relationship with her…"
McClanahan says that's all a lie.
The Wrights' attorney declined our multiple requests for an interview, but in part of a statement he wrote, "…Ms. McClanahan is attempting to use [the media] as a tool to humiliate, defame, and harass the Wrights…" He added, "…her cause has no merit…" Gilleon tells us, "Unfortunately, in this world, we've seen it many times. What happens to the woman who comes forward is she gets attacked."
Point Loma Nazarene University has suspended John Wright, as it conducts its own investigation.
McClanahan is also suing Church of Nazarene in Mid-City for negligently hiring and supervising John Wright. He is currently not listed as a pastor on the church website.
Scientists studying the brain have discovered that the organ operates on up to 11 different dimensions, creating multiverse-like structures that are “a world we had never imagined.” By using an advanced mathematical system, researchers were able to uncover architectural structures that appear when the brain has to process information, before they disintegrate into nothing. Their findings,…
The graduates of Pathway Home rose up to a roar of applause as U.S. Marine Corps veteran and fellow grad Zach Skiles called on them to stand and be recognized during a memorial for the victims of the Yountville shooting.
At his first press conference Stewart Donald told the assembled media that the new manager, at that stage still unconfirmed, would have a ‘hefty budget' to work with.
The new directors were equally eager, however, to stress that no one should assume such a budget will lead to an easy season in League One.
Charlie Methven and Stewart Donald have outlined their plans for the club.
For that reason they spoke of ‘budget capability', referring to the fact that while Sunderland would have the biggest resources in the division, there was much work to be done in ensuring that money was used productively.
While work has been done to reduce the onerous running costs from the Premier League era in the last year, and Ellis Short's decision to wipe the debt has clearly been a significant boost, there is still a way to go.
In a nutshell that is Donald's biggest challenge, turning Sunderland's financial burden into an advantage ahead of what will be only the club's second ever season in the third tier.
Donald said: “Obviously the [club's] numbers didn't surprise me because I had them to formulate an offer but was I surprised how bad they were? Yes. You look at Sunderland, the fanbase, the stadium, the potential, you think it should be functioning pretty well.
“Then you look at the cost base and you find that excluding players, running this club costs more than 20 teams in League Two turnover, and that's before we pay a footballer.
“That is quite scary,” he added.
“You could put together seven or eight teams in League One and that would cost the same as the cost base here, before you pay a player. So when you go into League One you think you've got a massive financial advantage, well we've actually got a financial burden that we have to deal with in a sensible manner.
“We have all these fans paying their money and the trick is to get that working so that we can use to our advantage, rather than paying costs which in all honesty is a hangover from the club thinking it was going back to the Premier League when it didn't. That's a job to do.”
Work has already begun on that front with a restructured announced alongside the appointment of Jack Ross last week.
Tony Davison has been appointed managing director, with Martin Bain's role as chief executive made redundant.
A number of senior executives have left the club, including the ‘director for change', with some staff members taking pay-cuts to stay on.
Executive Director Charlie Methven said: “As we move forward, it is important to place on record our thanks to those people leaving the club. Decisions of this nature are never taken lightly.
“However, when we arrived it was abundantly clear that the infrastructure and team that we inherited was not aligned with our clear goal of ensuring each and every opportunity at this football club is realised and maximised.
“This is not a reflection on the specific individuals who have departed, who leave with our sincere good wishes, but on the inflated and therefore inefficient infrastructure that developed over a number of years and the resultant culture which grew around it.
“Fundamentally, every pound that supporters put into their football club has to influence positively its future success. Fans need to see their hard-earned money being used wisely and in the right areas and to do that we have a responsibility to be lean, productive and focussed. Ensuring that we are ready for the challenge of League One is our priority and the club's operation will reflect that aim.
“Stewart and I have moved quickly and decisively to pull together a tight, driven group of people to serve the interests of Sunderland and its fans. We are excited by the opportunity to get this club back to what it should be, and the hard work starts now.”
While some staffs have left the club, Methven and Donald are looking to strengthen some areas. Commercial and marketing is seen as crucial to getting the club's foundations back on track and Methven in particular is eager to improve links with the local community.
That means a renewed emphasis on working with local business, boosting revenue streams and morale in the city.
If successful, it will offer Sunderland a big advantage on their third tier rivals, as will an increase in attendances.
Matchday revenue may have lost some of its importance in the Premier League era, with TV and media money dwarfing all other income, but now it will be crucial to Sunderland's revival.
The potential power of the Stadium of Light was underlined when Donald and Methven paid their first visit to the ground, Sunderland blowing Wolves away on a wave of goodwill.
New manager Jack Ross has already identified it as key in turning the club around, saying: “Mistakes will happen – I'll make them and the players will make them – but it's about how you react to them and how you learn from them.
“If we're going to get over that element [of fear at home], and it was very similar when I took over at St Mirren because we had a horrendous home record, we can become a real force at the Stadium of Light.
“If we can get it right, what a powerful place it will be to play.”
Cutting down on waste and making every penny count is the ultimate goal for the new regime.
In doing that, they also believe they can help to reconnect Sunderland with the values of its city.
It is a big challenge but one they have wasted no time trying to get to grips with.
Vegas Golden Knights left wing James Neal (18) scores a goal against Dallas Stars goalie Kari Lehtonen (32) during the third period of an NHL hockey game in Dallas, Friday, Oct. 6, 2017. The Golden Knights won 2-1. (AP Photo/LM Otero)
DALLAS (AP) — James Neal simply wanted to give the people of Las Vegas a reason to smile.
Chances are he did.
Neal scored twice in the third period, rallying the Golden Knights to a 2-1 victory over the Dallas Stars on Friday night in the debut of the first major pro sports franchise in Las Vegas.
The expansion team was playing five days after the shooting that killed 58 people in Las Vegas, and the Dallas players honored the desert city by forming a line alongside their Vegas counterparts before the national anthem.
With the video board reading "Viva Las Vegas" above the players, the public address announcer said "Dallas stands with Vegas and those affected by the horrifying tragedy."
"Being a new team, we have a lot of new fans and a lot of people affected by what happened," Neal said. "Hopefully they tuned in tonight and we could put a smile on their face, because like you said we're playing for our city and it's going to be a lot of fun this year."
Marc-Andre Fleury stopped 45 of 46 shots to help the Golden Knights become the first expansion team to open with a victory since the Ottawa Senators topped Montreal 5-3 on Oct. 8, 1992. Vegas is the first NHL expansion team since the Minnesota Wild and Columbus Blue Jackets in 2000.
"We can't undo what happened, and we'll do our best, we'll work as hard as we can to make the city proud of us," said Fleury, a three-time Stanley Cup winner in Pittsburgh who lost his job during the playoffs last season and was left unprotected for the expansion draft.
The Golden Knights also spoiled coach Ken Hitchcock's return to Dallas 18 years after he directed the franchise's only Stanley Cup title. He was fired during the 2001-02 season, the only one in a span of 11 that the Stars missed the playoffs.
Both of Neal's goals came against Kari Lehtonen after Ben Bishop left after taking a puck to the mask. Bishop, who skated off holding a towel to his face, had stopped all 19 shots in his Dallas debut after coming over in a trade with Los Angeles and signing a long-term contract.
Hitchcock said he was evaluated for a concussion and would have to be cleared to be available on the second night of a back-to-back in St. Louis on Saturday night.
"We have to find a way as a group to not be distracted, and keep our foot on the pedal and keep our focus razor-sharp for 60 minutes," Hitchcock said. "It's not just how good goalie was or frustration by not scoring. There are a lot of things that go into not being distracted."
A former Dallas player and expected to be a top offensive threat for the Golden Knights, Neal beat a screened Lehtonen between the legs midway through the third period on a delayed penalty for the franchise's first goal and a 1-1 tie. Nate Schmidt and Luca Sbisa got the first assists.
The go-ahead goal came in transition when Neal lifted the puck over Lehtonen from his knees with 2:44 remaining. Lehtonen, who stopped nine of 11 shots, shared the job with Antti Niemi the past two seasons, and the move for Bishop left him as the clear backup.
"I don't think it's on the goaltending," Hitchcock said. "We made two big errors. Both ended up in the net."
Tyler Seguin opened the scoring late in the second period when he redirected a pass from Devin Shore past Fleury, who made several big stop in the third period and got a break when Alexander Radulov's shot deflected off a Vegas teammate with Fleury sprawled on the ice.
The Stars were marking some milestones as well, celebrating 25 seasons since moving from Minnesota with plenty of highlights while three-time golf major winner Jordan Spieth and former Dallas Cowboys quarterback-turned-broadcaster Tony Romo watched from a suite.
The biggest pregame roar came when Hitchcock was introduced, right after a highlight reel that included Brett Hull's Stanley Cup-winning goal when Hitchcock was behind the bench in 1999.
Technically, it's the 24th season for the Dallas Stars because of the lockout that wiped out the 2004-05 season. They moved from Minnesota for the 1993-94 season.
NOTES: The first penalty in Vegas franchise history was a roughing call against Jonathan Marchessault about midway through the first period. ... Fleury had the first save just seven seconds in when John Klingberg sent the puck all the way down from past center ice. ... Hitchcock was denied a chance to tie Al Arbour for third on the career coaching victories list. Hitchcock has 781.
UP NEXT
Golden Knights: At Arizona on Saturday night.
Stars: Hitchcock's return to St. Louis on Saturday night.
___
More AP NHL: https://apnews.com/tag/NHLhockey
Why Zimbabwe plans to issue sovereign bonds – CNBCAfrica.com
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Africa - Google News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
The Taiwanese diplomatic delegation lowered the flag of its embassy in Panama after the diplomatic relations between both countries were severed when Panama announced new ties with China, and held a private farewell ceremony.
Held on the rooftop of the building in the capital's financial district where the embassy is located, Wednesday's event was not open to the media and was attended only by the diplomatic delegation and several Taiwanese citizens based in Panama, reports Efe news.
The Taiwanese government, which described Panama's decision as an unfair act, said on Tuesday that it will withdraw all staff from its embassy as well as its technical mission in Panama and will suspend all assistance and bilateral cooperation programs, although the dates have not been specified.
Panamanian President Juan Carlos Varela announced on Monday night the establishment of diplomatic relations with China and the breakdown of ties with Taiwan.
Varela said that a responsible President could not keep turning his back on China, as the Asian giant is the second most important user of the Panama Canal as well as the top supplier of the Colon Free Trade Zone (ZLC), the largest in the hemisphere.
An hour after Varela's announcement, Panama and China's foreign ministers, Isabel de Saint Malo and Wang Yi, signed a joint communique on establishing new diplomatic relations in Beijing and agreed to start working on the first bilateral agreements in sectors such as tourism, agriculture, maritime affairs and education.
The Chamber of Commerce, Industries and Agriculture of Panama (CCIAP), which represents more than 1,600 companies from 15 economic sectors, said on Tuesday that it hopes that a common strategy will be developed with Taiwan to stabilise trade and investment relations in the future.
The CCIAP was also confident that the establishment of diplomatic ties between Panama and China will bring ‘benefits' to the country in terms of trade and investment in areas such as technology and logistics.
Panama's breakdown of relations with Taiwan leaves the Asian nation with only 20 diplomatic allies in the world, 11 of which are in Latin America.
The U.S. Department of Education has provided Cameron University funding for Upward Bound program for the next five years.
This funding grant will enable the university to provide select high school students from Eisenhower High School, Lawton High School, and Mac Arthur High School with fundamental support preparing for college entrance and success in higher education.
The program will be able to focus on low-income students and those considered first-generation college students through 2022.
The university will receive $305,224 each year totaling more than $1.5 million to continue the program.
High school students interested in participating in the program can apply through October.
For more information, you can call the Cameron University Upward Bound office at (589) 581-5581.
Copyright 2017 KAUZ All Rights Reserved
There is a CeeC in every woman- Basketmouth – Vanguard
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Entertainment - Google News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
The return to growth in the oil and gas industry as prices firm up offers the opportunity to capitalize on the emergent momentum for those companies best prepared to take advantage. But with growth comes change. Companies are under pressure with respect to compliance both from the business side and the increasingly onerous requirements to meet social acceptance. They must also adopt to technological change and digitization sweeping through the industry. Companies need to strengthen their production efficiency, stay compliant with evolving government regulations, maintain operational safety and improve data collection to better drive their business decisions. Whether its upstream, midstream or downstream, the challenges evolve almost daily, which can make it difficult to keep up — let alone get ahead.
To learn more, join JWN and featured sponsor Siemens on May 9 in a Webinar that will tackle the most pressing compliance related issues facing companies today. Among other things, the Webinar will examine the following:
How to manage and control regulatory documentation and contingency planning
Structured risk assessment, mitigation and controls
Corrective actions and customer complaints
Internal, supplier and third party audits and actions
Preventive maintenance and calibration strategies
Ensuring environmental compliance
Click here to register.
iPhone cracking box GrayShift has a customer or two who don't know how to secure their GrayShift boxes, with the result being a data breach. Color me surprised. No, wait. Not surprised. What's that other one? Oh, right. Completely unsurprised in any shape, manner, or form.
Crooked R Us
And the data breach resulted in a semi-public attempt at extortion by the not-very-good-at-extortion thieves. They asked for the princely some of 2 Bitcoins—or more, if GrayShift felt like paying more—to keep this little matter quiet. That was about $18,500 at the time of the attempt, or a little more than the price of the cheapest GrayShift box.
Pro Tip: Nothing says “I don't really have anything you want” than not asking all that much for it.
In any event, Vice‘s Motherboard covered all this, including ferreting out an image of the ransom note:
According to Motherboard's reporting and GrayShift's statement, it was a GrayShift customer who didn't have their GrayKey cracking box configured correctly, and that left some GUI code exposed, but not anything important. Here's that GrayShift statement:
During this time, someone accessed the HTML/Javascript that makes up our UI. No sensitive IP or data was exposed, as the GrayKey was being validation tested at the time. We have since implemented changes to help our customers prevent unauthorized access.
Backdoors Bad
OK, let's assume they're telling the truth, and that none of the important code that makes a GrayKey do what it does—crack open iPhones—was stolen. The incident would still be a pitch-perfect rendition of why having backdoors (or cracks) is such a bad idea, even if limited to law enforcement. Someone is going to mishandle it—at best—or abuse it—at worst.
We already know, for instance, that $30,000 versions of the GrayKey that can run anywhere have been walking out the other kind of backdoor, the one that leads to someone with access selling the box to someone who shouldn't have access.
And GrayShift itself gets a lot more of the blame than they'd like for allowing this dangerous device to be misconfigured so easily. Motherboard, for instance, found at least one more GrayKey similarly exposed on the Interwebs in the course of researching this story. The company says they “implemented changes,” but maybe a device that can crack open an iPhone should have been harder out of the box.
Crime Doesn't Pay
The good news is that GrayShift didn't pay the would-be ransomeers—at least the Bitcoin addresses supplied for the payoff haven't gotten any Bitcoin. That suggests the company was being honest about the breach not getting any of the good stuff.
CHARLOTTESVILLE, Va. — The driver charged with killing a woman at a white nationalist rally in Charlottesville was previously accused of beating his mother and threatening her with a knife, according to police records released Monday.
Samantha Bloom, who is disabled and uses a wheelchair, repeatedly called police about her son, James Alex Fields Jr., in 2010 and 2011, telling officers he was on medication to control his temper, transcripts from 911 calls show.
Fields, 20, is accused of ramming his car into a crowd of counter-protesters on Saturday in Charlottesville, killing 32-year-old Heather Heyer.
Fields, described by a former high school teacher as an admirer of Adolf Hitler and Nazi Germany, was charged with second-degree murder.
A judge denied him bail Monday after the public defender's office said it couldn't represent him because a relative of someone in the office was injured in Saturday's protest.
Fields was assigned a local attorney, and another hearing was set for Aug. 25.
Records show that Fields was arrested and put in juvenile detention after his mother reported in 2011 that he stood behind her wielding a 12-inch knife.
In another incident in 2010, she said her son smacked her in the head and locked her in the bathroom after she told him to stop playing video games. There was no indication in the records that he was arrested.
Also Monday, a former classmate told The Associated Press that on a school trip to Europe in 2015, a teenage Fields couldn't stand the French and said he only went on the trip so that he could visit “the Fatherland” — Germany.
“He just really laid on about the French being lower than us and inferior to us,” said Keegan McGrath.
McGrath, now 18, said he challenged Fields on his beliefs, and the animosity between them grew so heated that it came to a boil at dinner on their second day. He said he went home after three or four days because he couldn't handle being in a room with Fields.
The incident shocked McGrath because he had been in German class with Fields for two unremarkable years.
“He was just a normal dude” most of the time, though he occasionally made “dark” jokes that put his class on edge, including one “offhand joke” about the Holocaust, McGrath said.
McGrath said Fields was no outcast: “He had friends. He had people who would chat with him.”
Meanwhile, under pressure to speak out more forcefully, President Donald Trump condemned Ku Klux Klan members, neo-Nazis and white supremacists who take part in violence as “criminals and thugs” and declared that “racism is evil.”
Trump's initial failure on Saturday to denounce the groups by name, and his blaming of the violence on “many sides,” prompted criticism from fellow Republicans as well as Democrats.
A teacher who taught Fields in high school said Sunday that Fields was fascinated with Nazism, idolized Hitler, and had been singled out in the ninth grade by officials at Randall K. Cooper High School in Union, Kentucky, for his “deeply held, radical” convictions on race.
Fields also confided that he had been diagnosed with schizophrenia when he was younger and had been prescribed an anti-psychotic medication, according to the teacher, Derek Weimer.
Fields later enlisted in the Army and reported for basic training in 2015 but was released from active duty four months later because of what military described only as “a failure to meet training standards.”
The violence in Charlottesville also was blamed for the deaths of two Virginia State Police officers in a helicopter crash.
Fields had been photographed hours before the attack with a shield bearing the emblem of Vanguard America, one of the hate groups that took part in the protest against the removal of a statue of Confederate Gen. Robert E. Lee. The group on Sunday denied any association with Fields.
Associated Press writer Brian Witte in Annapolis, Maryland, contributed to this report.
Nigerians under attack in South Africa, one killed
NigeriaN community in South Africa on Sunday confirmed the death of a Nigerian and the abduction of another in that country. Ikechukwu Anyene, the president of Nigeria Union, South Africa, told NAN via telephone that both incidents had been reported to the Nigerian mission in that country. He said on Thursday, one Victor Nnadi, a […]
The post Nigerians under attack in South Africa, one killed appeared first on Nigerian Pilot: Nigerian Newspaper.
This post was syndicated from Nigerian Pilot: Nigerian Newspaper. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Lucasfilm
Star Wars: The Last Jedi is currently entertaining critics ahead of its impending release to the world on Friday. But it would seem Mark Hamill still wonders what might've been if George Lucas has stayed with the franchise for his own versions of the new trilogy. Hamill has been down this road plenty in the past and holds Lucas in the highest regard when it comes to Star Wars.
He's talked about the original plans for Episode VII soon after Return Of The Jedi was released, and apparently had some mild disagreement over Luke's character arc with Last Jedi director Rian Johnson. He cleared up any confusion behind that and seems to have delivered the performance of his career in the latest installment, but still wishes Disney had pondered Lucas' ideas according to Metro:
Bill Joe Weaver, age 82 of Clinton, passed away Thursday, December 7, 2017 at NHC of Oak Ridge.
Bill was a faithful member of Moran Baptist Church until the last four years due to sickness. Mr. Weaver enjoyed greeting people while working at Martin Funeral Home in Clinton. He was also employed with White Stores and the Anderson County School Systems. His greatest joy was his ability to play the organ for funerals, weddings and special events at his church. He truly enjoyed life.
Preceded in death by his parents, Kermit and Mary Weaver; brothers, Frank and David Weaver. He is survived by his wife, Rose Mary Martin Weaver; daughter and son-in-law, Charllet and Mitchell Owens; granddaughter, Michelle Owens; great grandson, Braxton Dees; brothers and sisters-in-law, Lloyd and Kay Weaver, Dale Weaver and Gary and Susan Weaver; sister and brother-in-law, Brenda and Don Acres; and Special Friend, Dale Knight. Sister-in-law, Nancy and Joe Harper; niece, Mary and Brian Hatmaker; nephew, Marty Hennessee; many extended family members.
The family will receive friends Sunday, December 10, 2017 from 5-7 pm in the chapel of Holley-Gamble Funeral Home with services to follow at 7 pm with Rev. Mark Acres and Rev. Alvis Richardson officiating.
Family and friends will meet Monday, December 11, 2017 at 1:30 pm at Holley-Gamble Funeral Home and proceed to Lynnhurst Cemetery for interment at 3 pm.
Holley-Gamble Funeral Home. www.holleygamble.com
The composition of the International Olympic Committee (IOC) Evaluation Commission for the 2022 Summer Youth Olympic Games (YOG) has today been announced with IOC vice-president Uğur Erdener appointed by President Thomas Bach as its chair.
Erdener will lead an experienced team of Evaluation Commission members responsible for assisting and guiding the selection process to elect the African host for the event scheduled to be held in four years' time.
Among the seven members is Gambia's Beatrice Allen, vice-president of the World Baseball Softball Confederation,
She is joined by IOC Executive Board members Kirsty Coventry of Zimbabwe and Gunilla Lindberg of Sweden, as well as Chile's Neven Ilic, President of the Pan American Sports Organization.
Completing the list is China's Li Lingwei, Burundi's Lydia Nsekera and Papua New Guinea's Auvita Rapilla.
The IOC Evaluation Commission composition is said to reflect the diversity of the Olympic Movement, comprising members from all continents, representing athletes, National Olympic Committees (NOCs) and International Federations.
The Commission will act as a link between the interested parties, the IOC and Olympic Movement stakeholders.
It is hoped this will ensure that the best partner to co-construct the 2022 YOG is found.
Pan American Sports Organization President Neven Ilic has been named as an Evaluation Commission member ©Getty Images
Last week, Tunis in Tunisia and Abuja in Nigeria emerged as potential bidders to challenge Dakar in Senegal to host the event.
None of the three are yet considered official candidates, but the trio have already participated in working sessions and are considered interested parties in a dialogue stage.
IOC members voted in favour of a proposal to "proactively" seek an African host of the event at their Session in Pyeongchang in February.
Bach claimed afterwards that he hoped the event could pave the way towards a Olympic game in Africa in either 2032 or 2036.
It was announced in Pyeongchang that an IOC delegation were already satisfied that Senegal met all "necessary criteria" after travelling to the country to tour expected venues and meet with Government officials.
"It's time for Africa," Bach said when commenting on today's announcement.
"Africa is the home of so very many successful Olympic athletes.
"It is also the continent of youth.
"This is why we want to take the Youth Olympic Games 2022 to Africa.
"This is why the IOC will proactively approach a number of African NOCs to evaluate the feasibility of bringing the YOG to Africa."
Tunisia's capital Tunis has recently emerged as a potential host of the 2022 Summer YOG ©Wikipedia
Erdener, President of World Archery and the Turkish Olympic Committee, has a wealth of experience in the YOG.
In 2016, he led the working group, instigated by Olympic Agenda 2020, which undertook a review of the YOG positioning to ensure that the event is constantly evolving and adapting to maximise the impact on young elite athletes.
He is currently chairing the Steering Committee on shaping the future of the YOG, responsible for implementing the 14 working group recommendations approved at the IOC Session in Rio de Janeiro in 2016.
The IOC Evaluation Commission can also rely on his experience as a former member of the Evaluation Commission for the Paris 2024 Olympic and Paralympic Games.
"In choosing to target Africa, we are following the new principles adopted by the IOC Session to replace the competitive stage seen in previous Youth Olympic Games host city selections," Eredener said.
"It will make the process more streamlined, simpler and shorter.
"Africa has so much to offer the world and we are convinced that an African nation can now take the opportunity of the Youth Olympic Games to showcase this to the rest of the world."
The host selection process for the 2022 YOG was announced last month.
Following the feasibility studies, visits, in-depth discussions and research and analysis that will be undertaken by IOC administration members and experts with a number of African NOCs, the IOC Evaluation Commission 2022 intends to submit its report in September 2018.
The host for the fourth edition of the Summer YOG are due to be elected at the IOC Session in Buenos Aires in October 2018.
SAN DIEGO (KGTV) -- A woman in Ocean Beach discovered her car - brutally vandalized in broad daylight. Right now there is still glass all over the ground from her shattered windows and police still looking for whoever trashed her car.
"I was in shock I was like why would anyone do this?" she told 10News.
It wasn't how she ever thought her morning would start. Now - she's so scared that she didn't even want to be on camera. She did share photos of the damage though - photos that show broken windows and rude phrases and symbols carved into the paint.
"So it was all scratched all around it and then one of the windows was broken and (I have a) flat tire," she said. " (They carved) 'Jesus loves you' and they did a swastika on top and (wrote) 'slut' all over in several places on the car."
Some of the things carved into her car were so offensive, 10News decided to blur them.
In all, it's caused thousands of dollars in damage. She says she has no idea what provoked the attack - but that it could be a result of her job. She's an apartment manager and wonders if she was targeted because of her position.
Police say they haven't been able to catch who is responsible. The victim says she's now looking into getting security cameras.
"Makes one be wary and cautious," she said. "And a little bit scared."
Police say this is not a hate crime since the woman is not Jewish. If you have any information, call the police.
“June 12 is not just a story, Abiola was killed with Abuja tea” – Fani Kayode (WATCH)
Former Minister of Aviation, Femi Fani-Kayode says we should regard June 12 as more than a story as that annulled…
Read » “June 12 is not just a story, Abiola was killed with Abuja tea” – Fani Kayode (WATCH) on YNaija
This post was syndicated from YNaija. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
OTTAWA — Researchers say inadequate funding and poor collaboration between governments and private landowners are behind the failure of Canada's laws to protect endangered and threatened species.
“There is a sense with many parties that it's not quite getting us where we want to be,” said Scott McFatridge of the Smart Prosperity Institute at the University of Ottawa.
“We need to take a more collaborative approach.”
The think tank released a report Friday that looks into the failures of and possible improvements to the Species At Risk Act, federal legislation passed 16 years ago intended to identify vulnerable plants and animals and to guide their recovery.
The report points to previous research suggesting the way the act is currently implemented is failing. That study found that of the more than 350 species being tracked by the committee that rules on threatened plants and animals, 85 per cent of them have seen no improvement or have deteriorated.
Last fall, the World Wildlife Fund released research that concluded being listed under the act made no difference at all to the fate of a species. Plants and animals on the list declined just as often and as rapidly as unlisted ones.
It's not the act, said McFatridge.
“It's a very flexible act and it has many different tools. It has to do with the implementation and political will among all the parties.”
Environment and Climate Change Canada did not immediately respond to a request for comment.
In 2013, the auditor general found Ottawa hadn't met legal requirements for establishing recovery strategies and management plans. That report concluded 146 recovery strategies were incomplete, over 90 per cent of required action plans hadn't been completed and management plans for species of special concern were not completed in 42 per cent of cases.
Last fall, almost all the provinces failed to meet federal deadlines for caribou recovery plans.
McFatridge said better co-operation between the federal, provincial and territorial governments on Crown land is needed. Ottawa can put protections in place on federal lands, but not others.
“It forms a bit of a patchwork. We need to see much more active co-operation.”
He suggested provinces could establish species at risk permits similar to ones that exist for federal Crown land. The permits are required for work that could disturb the habitat of the most threatened species.
As well, he said, governments need to work harder to bring private landowners into the game. About half of all species at risk have habitat on private land.
Governments should use compensation to get more landowners to preserve habitat, the report concludes. Tools such as conservation easements, which restrict the type of development that can occur, should be used more often.
“In some cases, it's going to require payments for farmers, especially if the species at risk is a nuisance for their property, because they're providing a benefit for us,” McFatridge said.
Ottawa also has to be willing to move on its own, he said. The act currently allows the federal government to move in with a special protection order if a province lags too much in establishing a recovery plan.
But the act already contains the necessary tools, McFatridge said.
“It's not necessarily throwing out the baby with the bathwater, but building on and scaling up and pushing further some of the things we're already doing.”
The current approach isn't working, he said.
“Species are just going to continue to deteriorate.
“We need to be doing a lot more to reverse that trend line. That will take commitment and that will take resources.”
— By Bob Weber in Edmonton. Follow @row1960 on Twitter
NEW YORK — Dick Clark Productions is hitting back against Mariah Carey's claim it sabotaged her live performance on its “New Year's Rockin' Eve” special.
Carey's disaster during the annual New Year's Eve special in Times Square made international headlines: The superstar vocally stumbled through her short set, failing to sing for most of it despite a pre-recorded track of her songs playing in the background.
Carey was visibly upset during the performance and afterward tweeted “(expletive) happens.” Her representative Nicole Perna blamed technical difficulties, and in an interview with Billboard she said Dick Clark Productions hampered Carey's performance.
Shit happens 😩 Have a happy and healthy new year everybody!🎉 Here's to making more headlines in 2017 😂 pic.twitter.com/0Td8se57jr — Mariah Carey (@MariahCarey) January 1, 2017
“She was not winging this moment and took it very seriously,” Perna told Billboard. “A shame that production set her up to fail.”
Perna said Carey's earpiece wasn't working and she flagged the issue to the production team but was told it would be OK when she got on stage.
“However, that was not the case, and they were again told that her earpiece was not working,” Perna said. “Instead of endeavouring to fix the issue so that Mariah could perform, they went live.”
In a statement released on Sunday, the production company called such claims “absurd.”
“As the premier producer of live television events for nearly 50 years, we pride ourselves on our reputation and long-standing relationships with artists,” it said. “To suggest that dcp (Dick Clark Productions), as producer of music shows including the American Music Awards, Billboard Music Awards, New Year's Rockin' Eve and Academy of Country Music Awards, would ever intentionally compromise the success of any artist is defamatory, outrageous and frankly absurd.”
It said that in “very rare instances” there are technical errors that can occur with live television. It said an initial investigation, however, indicated it had no involvement in the challenges associated with Carey's performance.
“We want to be clear that we have the utmost respect for Ms. Carey as an artist and acknowledge her tremendous accomplishments in the industry,” it said.
A person familiar with the production of the show who asked for anonymity to speak publicly about the incident said all of the other performers, including Gloria Estefan, rehearsed onsite for their performances and Carey was there but had a stand-in for her rehearsal, atypical for the show's performers. The person said all of the monitors were working and no technical problems were found.
Ironically, Carey was Dick Clark Productions' first live performer for the broadcast in 2005, when it went off without any such problems.
Sunderland kicked-off 2017 with a hard-fought point against title-chasing Liverpool courtesy of two Jermain Defoe penalties.
Liverpool took the lead through Daniel Sturridge's flick before Defoe levelled from the spot after Dider Ndong was brought down in the area.
Sadio Mane then handed the visitors the initiative after he tapped home from close range, but Defoe converted his second spot-kick of the afternoon after a handball in the area to secure a point.
David Moyes made three changes from the side that suffered defeat at Burnely as Donald Love, Jack Rodwell and Ndong started in place of Billy Jones, Lamine Kone and Victor Anichebe.
And the hosts began brightly, with Defoe forcing former Sunderland stopper Simon Mingolet into an early save with a drilled effort from the edge of the area.
The Black Cats' current goalkeeper was soon to be tested as well, with Vito Mannone doing well to parry powerful strikes from both Sturridge and Gini Wijnaldum in quick succession as Liverpool poured forward in search of the opening goal.
They found it with 20 minutes played as Sturridge reacted quickest to flick home Dejan Lovren's wayward volley after a corner had picked out the centre back on the edge of the box.
Liverpool's lead was to last only five minutes though, with Defoe confidently dispatching a penalty into the bottom right corner after Dider Ndong was barged over in the area.
And the same player could have handed Sunderland the lead moments later were it not for his decision-making - the striker springing the offside trap before opting to attempt to round Mingolet, with the keeper able to claw the ball away.
It was the visitors who ended the first half strongly but they couldn't find a way past the impressive Mannone with the stopper twice denying Sturridge as he looked to double his tally.
Chances were at a premium in the early stages of the second half, although Sunderland did see appeals for a second penalty turned down after Adnan Januzaj's cross appeared to strike the arm of Emre Can.
Mannone was still the busiest of the two goalkeepers, although saves from Can and Roberto Firmino were routine as Liverpool saw more of the ball.
And they eventually made their pressure pay as they retook the lead with just under 20 minutes remaining as Mane found himself in the right place at the right time to tap home after Sunderland defender Papj Djilobodji had inadvertently flicked the ball into the striker's path from a corner.
But just as it looked as if the Reds had sealed all three points, Sunderland responded courtesy of another penalty.
After Sebastian Larsson's free-kick struck a hand in the Liverpool wall, Defoe stepped up to do the necessary and sent Mingolet the wrong way.
The Black Cats soaked up some late pressure from the visitors to claim a valuable point which sees them narrow the gap to 17th place.
Sunderland: Mannone; Love, Djilobodji, O'Shea (C), Van Aanholt; Ndong, Rodwell (Manqiullo 65), Larsson; Borini, Januzaj (Khazri 79), Defoe
Subs Not Used: Mika, Honeyman, Maja, Embleton, Ledger
Goals: Defoe 25pen, 84pen
Yellow Cards: Rodwell (13), Larsson (51)
Liverpool: Mingolet; Clyne, Lovren, Klavan, Milner (Moreno (45); Can, Wijnaldum (Origi 73), Lallana; Firmino, Mane, Sturridge (Lucas (79)
Subs Not Used: Karius, Stewart, Ejaria, Alexander-Arnold
Goals: Sturridge (20), Mane (72)
Yellow Cards: Milner (30)
Attendance: 46,494
Referee: Mr Anthony Taylor
Pinchas Zukerman leads the N.A.C. Orchestra in a program traversing works by some of the greatest minds of the baroque era.
Having remained in modern spotlight since the 17th and 18th centuries, it is a testament to the timeless grandeur of baroque repertoire that such an expanse of pieces has remained both relevant and captivating to audiences new and familiar. Including concertos and other orchestral works by Vivaldi, Bach, Handel, and more, Zukerman and Canada's National Arts Centre Orchestra offer a luminous new performance of timeless baroque classics.
Listen to a track from Baroque Treasury:
For more information and to purchase this recording, visit ArkivMusic.
Buhari Is Not Fighting Any Corruption – Fayose
Ekiti State Governor, Mr Ayodele Fayose says President Buhari is not fighting any corruption.
Fayose said this while reacting to the triumph of the Senate President, Bukola Saraki at the Code of Conduct Tribunal (CCT) describing it as another victory of Nigerians over tyranny, saying, “I am happy that I predicted that the CCT will absolve the Senate President in my 2017 predictions and it has come to pass.”
Governor Fayose who drew the attention of Nigerians to number eight of his 22 predictions for year 2017, said; “I said it categorically that the Code of Conduct Tribunal will absolve Senate President Bukola Saraki and today, the prediction came to pass.”
Reacting to the CCT judgment discharging Senator Saraki through his Special Assistant on Public Communications and New Media, Lere Olayinka, the governor said the judgment was another lesson for the President Muhammadu Buhari-led All Progressives Congress (APC) federal government that criminal cases are not won on the pages of newspapers..
He congratulated the Senate President, urging him to see the victory as a challenge to him and the entire members of the National Assembly to always stand up to defend the the rule of law and fundamental rights of Nigerians.
Amaechi reveals how he rejected N1 billion bribes as governor
The governor said; “I have maintained that the government of President Buhari is not fighting any corruption. Rather, what is being done is hiding under anti-corruption fight to persecute, humiliate, harass and malign perceived political enemies.
“They go about trying their perceived political foes in the media, with the aim of destroying their names when they do not have any evidence that can sustain court trial and it is for this reason that they have been losing corruption cases.
“Look at all the noise they made when they started Senator Saraki's case, it was as if he will be sent to jail the following week. But when it was time for them to prove their allegations, they could not.
“Even the case of the former National Security Adviser (NSA), Col. Sambo Dasuki (rtd), that they said stole $2.1 billion arms money and that destructive weapons capable of disrupting the peace of any city in Nigeria were found in his possession, why are they the ones seeking for secret trial while Dasuki that they accused is insisting on open
trial?
“Up till today, they have not brought any evidence against Dasuki. They have not even been able to commence his trial. Instead, they have continually disobeyed court orders that he should be released from detention.”
The post Buhari Is Not Fighting Any Corruption – Fayose appeared first on Ngyab.
This post was syndicated from Ngyab. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
President of the Bureau De Change Operators, Alhaji Aminu Gwadabe, has promised that the Naira will exchange for below N403 to a dollar this week. Gwadabe speaking in Lagos yesterday, stated that with the Central Bank of Nigeria continuing to inject more Forex into the market, the Naira will continue to appreciate. The rates closed […]
Teaching
No. 13 Ibaji Close
Makurdi, Benue State.
15/6/2017
The Manager,
APPLICATION FOR THE POST OF TEACHING
I Amos Yakubu Jacob hail from Nasarawa Doma Local Government.
I was born on 26/7/1986.
I hereby apply for the post of teaching.
I will be glad if my request will be granted.
Thanks.
yours Faithfully,
Amos Yabuku Jacob
The post Teaching appeared first on Ngyab.
This post was syndicated from Ngyab. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
“This is absolutely unprecedented in our history,” Mr. Kegoro said. “We've never seen something like this, not even under Moi,” he added, referring to Daniel Arap Moi, whose 24-year rule is remembered as a period of censorship and human-rights abuse.
Joe Odindo, the editorial director of the Standard Group, a media company that includes KTN, questioned whether the government had effectively abandoned the rule of law.
“If the government is in power on the basis of the existing Constitution, then it should honor a court-issued order,” Mr. Odindo said. “I think Kenya is moving away from a legal basis of government, which we fought for. It's setting a very dangerous precedent where decisions will be made on basis of your political persuasions and all the things provided for in law will be irrelevant.”
He also said the blackout had meant “significant financial losses” for the station, though he was unsure exactly how much money had been lost.
The court order came a day after Fred Matiang'i, the interior secretary, announced that he intended to keep the stations off the air indefinitely. He said he was investigating some media outlets in Kenya for their “facilitation” of what he described as a plot by the opposition to “massacre” Kenyans at Tuesday's gathering.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
The gathering brought thousands of people to Uhuru Park, where they watched Raila Odinga, Kenya's opposition leader, swear an “oath of office” as “the people's president.” Mr. Odinga lost last year's presidential election to Mr. Kenyatta after a tumultuous period of two national votes.
A Supreme Court ruling nullified Mr. Kenyatta's victory in the first vote, citing irregularities, and ordered a second vote — which he also won. Mr. Odinga and his supporters boycotted the second vote, calling the process fraudulent.
Mr. Odinga has refused to recognize the legitimacy of Mr. Kenyatta's presidency and had threatened for months to “inaugurate” himself as “the people's president.” The police had promised to use force against Mr. Odinga and his supporters, but the event proceeded peacefully, without police interference.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Tuesday evening, however, Mr. Matiang'i, the interior secretary, designated a part of Mr. Odinga's opposition coalition an “organized criminal group.” He said he would investigate its members, as well as media companies, for what he said was a plot to destabilize the government by staging a massacre and blaming it on the police.
Two opposition politicians were arrested this week, and three journalists applied for “anticipatory bail” when they were tipped off that police had surrounded their offices to arrest them.
Two other television stations in Kenya are still on the air. They are KBC, the state broadcaster, and K24, which has close ties with the Kenyatta family. The shuttered stations continue to broadcast online.
Okiya Omtatah, an activist who filed the petition at the Milimani High Court to lift the TV blackout, said that a clerk who had attempted to serve the Communications Authority with the court order was detained for four hours and harassed. The order was refused, and when Mr. Omtatah tried to deliver it himself, he was refused entry.
“I stuck it to the door there,” he said. “They removed it and ripped it up.”
Mr. Omtatah said he filed the petition because his constitutional rights had been violated by the blackout. He said he considered freedom of the press a cornerstone of the country's Constitution, which was drafted after a disputed election ended in widespread violence 10 years ago.
Roy Moore, the Alabama Senate candidate under fire for alleged sexual misconduct with teenage girls when he was in his 30s, apparently believes America was a better place at a time when slavery was still legal.
At a campaign event earlier this year, an audience member asked Moore for his opinion on when the last time America was “great.” Moore responded, “I think it was great at the time when families were united—even though we had slavery—they cared for one another…Our families were strong, our country had a direction.” The individual who asked the question was among the few African-Americans in attendance at the rally, according to reports.
In stating this, Moore seemingly implied he'd be able to overlook the enslavement of other human beings as long as families are “united,” an interesting perspective from a man accused of repeatedly preying on young girls.
Moore's remarks were featured in an article from The Times in September, but resurfaced Thursday in a viral tweet from Eric Columbus, a former Obama administration official. “Can't make this up—Roy Moore said in September that the last time America was great was when we had slavery,” Columbus tweeted.
Can't make this up — Roy Moore said in September that the last time America was great was when we had slavery. (h/t @reckonalabama)https://t.co/NMF4BCQ6ZS pic.twitter.com/XbpPtdifuS — Eric Columbus (@EricColumbus) December 7, 2017
The Moore campaign defended his remarks in an email, “Judge Moore clearly made his point: America is great when families and faith are strong. Judge Moore has never condoned slavery and to suggest such is recklessly malicious.”
Moore's comments at the rally bring to mind President Donald Trump‘s slogan, “Make America Great Again,” which many have interpreted as a rallying cry to incite white nationalists. Trump has controversially endorsed Moore, despite widespread condemnation and the damning allegations the Senate candidate faces. Trump reportedly said “Go get ‘em, Roy!” during a recent phone call with the candidate.
A recent Big League-Gravis poll gave Moore's Democratic opponent, Doug Jones (who isn't accused of sexually assaulting teenage girls), a slight edge over the Republican. The poll of 1,276 likely voters showed Jones leading Moore 48 percent to 44 percent. The election is on December 12.
On December 4, Trump tweeted, “Putting Pelosi/Schumer Liberal Puppet Jones into office in Alabama would hurt our great Republican Agenda of low on taxes, tough on crime, strong on military and borders…& so much more. Look at your 401-k's since Election. Highest Stock Market EVER! Jobs are roaring back!” Indeed, Trump apparently believes a man who was reportedly banned from an Alabama mall for harassing teenage girls would be “tough on crime” and is urging voters to support him.
VANCOUVER — British Columbia, the home of blockbuster movie shoots such as “Deadpool 2” and “Star Trek Beyond,” has surpassed Ontario as Canada's top locale for film and television production for the first time.
A new report by the Canadian Media Producers Association says the 2016-2017 fiscal year was strong for Canada overall, with production volume in the country reaching an all-time high of $8.38 billion.
B.C. has always been in the top three provinces for film and TV shoots, but the report says last year its production volume hit $2.991 billion, just ahead of Ontario with $2.977 billion. Quebec, with its thriving French-language industry, placed third with $1.754 billion.
Robert Wong, vice president of Creative BC, the provincial agency that supports the artistic sector, said increased global demand for content and the recognition that B.C. is a world-class production centre are driving the growth.
He said streaming services, including Netflix, Amazon and Hulu, are the single biggest driver. Netflix's “A Series of Unfortunate Events” and “Altered Carbon,” premiering Friday, were shot in the province.
“Blockbuster movies, we do get our fair share of them in British Columbia, that's for sure, but really what we are known for is television production,” Wong said.
“The amount of television production is really where the growth is and that includes the streaming service-type productions.”
The report says the film and television industries generated 24,120 direct full-time jobs in B.C. — only 40 more than Ontario — while it created 14,540 such jobs in Quebec.
“Star Trek Beyond” alone employed more than 3,900 British Columbians and contributed $69 million to the provincial economy during 78 days of shooting, the report adds.
Film and television productions in B.C. receive a 28 per cent tax credit for labour costs. The credit was reduced five points from 33 per cent by the previous provincial Liberal government in 2016.
Wong said a stable and reliable tax policy is key to the success of the industry, but it's also coupled with an abundance of talent, crews and variety of locations in B.C.
“The one thing that you can't legislate is basically proximity to Los Angeles,” he added. “Being in the same time zone and two and a half hours away by flight does make a big difference.”
The report does sound a note of caution about the surge in demand for content and the abundance of foreign productions in Canada. Though the country has policies to support local content, capturing more than three per cent of domestic box office for Canadian films remains elusive, it says.
“With record growth across much of Canada's production sector, there is much to celebrate this year, including the creation of jobs and a significant contribution to the country's economy,” said Reynolds Mastin, president and CEO of the association in a statement.
“But, among these big numbers are some emerging trends that require attention. As our industry continues to adapt to evolving technologies and changing consumer behaviours, we must ensure that growth benefits our entire sector, including productions that showcase Canadian stories for audiences at home and around the world.”
— Follow @ellekane on Twitter.
Canada is vowing to retaliate against the U.S. if President Trump subjects NAFTA partners to the same tariffs as other trade nations and eliminates the NAFTA loophole. {Go Deep}
The NAFTA Loophole allows Canada and Mexico to broker independent trade deals with Asian and European companies; then use their Mexican and Canadian access to the U.S. market as a backdoor around U.S. Tariffs.
This loophole has been exceptionally rewarding for both Canada and Mexico and for more than a decade they have structured their economies around loophole retention. U.S. corporations, seeing advantages from cheap Asian parts in Mexico and Canada, have moved some manufacturing there to take advantage. In an effort to reset the trade imbalance created by the loophole President Trump is threatening to close it.
OTTAWA (Reuters) – Canada will “respond appropriately” to any U.S. steel and aluminum tariffs, Foreign Minister Chrystia Freeland said on Wednesday, less than two days before the punitive measures are due to kick in. “The government is absolutely prepared to – and will defend – Canadian industries and Canadian jobs. We will respond appropriately,” Freeland told reporters when asked about possible U.S. action.
Canadian government officials have said they are prepared to impose retaliatory tariffs should the Trump administration make a move but have not revealed what they have in mind. Trump says the steel and aluminum tariffs would be imposed for security reasons, which Freeland said was “frankly absurd”. Canada has repeatedly rejected any suggestion it could be a threat to the United States. Freeland spoke after returning from Washington, where she met U.S. Trade Representative Robert Lighthizer to discuss NAFTA. The negotiation “will take as long as it takes to get a good deal”, she said. (read more)
Foreign Minister Freeland will not allow Canada's economic needs to be ignored:
Advertisements
The governor of the Bank of Ghana (BoG) Dr.Abdul-Nashiru Issahaku has expressed optimism in the stability of the cedi as the year starts.
According to him, the local currency showed some level of stability in 2016, reducing some level of domestic inflationary pressures.
“The Ghana Cedi has remained broadly stable during the year and we are optimistic that the cumulative depreciation for the year will remain in the single digits,” he said.
“This stability in the Ghana Cedi has reduced the pass-through to domestic inflation, although inflation is still above target. We therefore need to sustain the macroeconomic stability to anchor expectations and to build shock absorbers in the face of continued volatility in the global economic and financial environments,” he said.
Enumerating some measures taken by the central bank to enhance transparency, Dr. Issahaku stated that the communication department was equipped to inform the investor community and Ghanaians on developments at the bank.
“The establishment of our new Communications Department, has assumed such a strategic role in our communication functions. As a department within the Bank, the goal is to proactively support the mandate of the Bank in ensuring price stability and ultimately contributing to economic growth,” he said.
“The work of the department is to promote monetary policy communication as well as economic development communication. I want to urge you to continue to work with them in seeking feedbacks on the various aspects of our operations,” he added.
He stated that in an effort to further promote effective public accountability the bank has also introduced a 24-hour Contact Centre.
“This offers the general public the opportunity to have complaints, questions and requests for information dealt with promptly,” he said adding that “we have the technical team that provides the backstopping function at all times”.
He was of the view that the platform would introduce an interactive voice response system overtime that would also have built-in financial education section for the public.
–
By: Vivian Kai Lokko/Lawrence Segbefia/citibusinessnews.com/Ghana
play videoParts of Accra submerged by Friday morning's heavy downpour
Major parts of Accra have been submerged following Friday morning's heavy downpour in the capital.
Reports gathered by ClassFMonline.com indicate that the streets of Dzorwulu, Kaneshie, Circle, Mallam, Taifa among others, have been flooded by the rain waters.
Meanwhile, there is heavy traffic on the Tetteh Quashie-Tema end of the Motorway, caused by multiple accidents on that stretch.
Motorists have been advised to be cautious and adhere to safety rules and regulations.
Emergency workers are yet to show up at flooded areas to assist stranded persons.
قالب وردپرس
Comments
The global smartphone market is seeing slowing growth in the first half of 2017. Searching for ways to stimulate consumer demand, smartphone brands have put considerable efforts in improving displays of their devices. WitsView, a division of TrendForce, reports that increasing screen to body ratio and narrow bezel are two major trends in smartphone design for this year and are expected to drive changes in specifications of smartphone panels. Specifically, the display's aspect ratio is moving from the mainstream 16 9 to 18 9 (2 1), which is also known as the full screen format. WitsView estimates that around 10% of smartphones shipped worldwide in 2017 will have displays with 18 9 or higher aspect ratios.
Boyce Fan, research director of WitsView, said that the global smartphone market gained some growth momentum in 2016 on account of a wave of replacement demand, but shipment growth has slowed down in the first half of 2017. "Device vendors' inventories began to pile up in the first quarter of this year," noted Boyce. "Furthermore, the Chinese market saw a reduction of smartphone purchase subsidies from domestic telecom operators. These factors are adversely affecting shipments." Even though devices with AMOLED displays and the next iPhone release have generated market buzz, brands outside of Apple and Samsung are still waiting for more positive signs from consumers.
WitsView's latest survey of this year's smartphone lineup finds that first-tier brands have increased the display aspect ratio of their premium devices from 16:9 to 18:9. For instance, Samsung's and LG's respective flagship series Galaxy S8 and G6 both adopted the full screen format and narrow bezel design while removing the physical home button. Apple's next premium iPhone model is also widely anticipated to have display of higher aspect ratio and a similar streamlined look. At the same time, changes made by major international brands to the displays of their flagship devices have also spurred Chinese brands to catch up.
WitsView's latest research on the panel industry also indicates that most of the mass production and shipments of 18:9 smartphone panels will take place around this third to fourth quarter. As many smartphone brands are preparing to release their new models with 18:9 displays, they have started to scale back their demand for panels for 16:9 screens this second quarter.
Smartphone brands want to release new models with higher aspect ratio displays in the second half of 2017, when more 18:9 panels are available and new products devices benefit from the year-end busy season. Whether pane suppliers are able to provide sufficient supply of 18:9 smartphone panels to their clients is still uncertain. WitsView therefore expects Apple's and Samsung's premium devices will represent much of the full-screen smartphone shipments for 2017. Furthermore, models with 18:9 or higher aspect ratios are estimated to account for about 10% of the global smartphone shipments this year. The market penetration of full-screen models has a chance to increase significantly later in 2018, when most brands outside of Apple have made the transition to the 18:9 display. WitsView projects that about 37% of smartphones shipped worldwide in 2018 will have displays with 18:9 or higher aspect ratios.
For further details of this press release, please visit:
http://press.trendforce.com/press/20170614-2881.html
About TrendForce (www.trendforce.com)
TrendForce is a global provider of market intelligence on the technology industries. Having served businesses for over a decade, the company has built up a strong membership base of 500,000 subscribers residing the technology and financial services sectors. TrendForce has established a reputation as an organization that offers insightful and accurate analysis of the technology industry through five major research divisions: DRAMeXchange, WitsView, LEDinside, EnergyTrend and Topology Research Institute. Founded in Taipei, Taiwan in 2000, TrendForce has extended its presence in China since 2004 with offices in Shenzhen and Beijing.
The Georgia Bureau of Investigations says a driver was fatally shot after pulling a gun on officers in northwest Georgia.
WSB-TV ( http://2wsb.tv/2itrBZu ) reports that the GBI says Canton police officers saw the driver Saturday about 10:10 p.m. parked outside a closed business.
GBI spokesman Rich Bahan says after speaking to officer the driver sped off, striking an officer.
The officer was treated at a hospital and released.
Police say the car crossed into Woodstock at about 2 a.m. and officers used a tire deflating device to stop the car.
Police blocked all lanes on I-75 northbound as officers pursued the driver. They say he got out of his car holding a gun. Two Woodstock police officers fired at the driver. He later died of his injuries.
Authorities did not identify the driver or the officers.
The GBI is investigating.
The Trumbull Police Department and Drug Enforcement Administration, (DEA), will provide an opportunity to dispose of unwanted prescription pills on National Prescription Drug Take Back Day Saturday, April 28, at Middlebrook School, 220 Middlebrooks Ave., from 10 a.m.-2 p.m.
Turn in your unused or expired prescription medication for safe disposal.
Pills can be dropped off, no questions asked. Liquids and needles cannot be accepted.
The goal of the campaign is to make sure that prescription pills don't fall into the wrong hands and end up leading to addiction.
Police also offer a medication drop box in their lobby that can be used 365 days a year and 24 hours a day.
A-Court voids Orubebe's conviction, overrules CCT
By Ikechukwu Nnochiri
ABUJA—The Court of Appeal sitting in Abuja, yesterday, nullified the Code of Conduct Tribunal, CCT's, conviction of former Minister of Niger Delta Affairs, Elder Godsday Orubebe, on allegation that he falsely declared his assets in 2007.
In a unanimous judgement, a three-man panel of Justices led by Justice Mohammed Aboki, voided Orubebe's conviction on the premise that the CCT's verdict occasioned a miscarriage of justice against him.
The tribunal, in convicting Orubebe, had held that
it was satisfied that Orubebe shielded his ownership of Plot 2057 Asokoro District, Abuja.
Meanwhile, dissatisfied with the verdict, Orubebe, through his lawyer, Mr. Selekowei Larry, SAN, raised three grounds he said the appellate court should consider and nullify his conviction.
While upholding his appeal, yesterday, the appellate court held that the tribunal went beyond the case that was brought before it by the prosecution.
The court held that Orubebe's trial was not based on his non- declaration of title deed of the said property, but his alleged false declaration of his assets.
It stressed that as such, the unregistered instrument of transfer of the said property was admissible evidence in proof of the payment of purchase price, which showed that the property was already acquired by Divention Properties Ltd.
“On the whole, it is our view that this appeal succeeded on its merit and is therefore allowed. The appellant is accordingly discharged and acquitted,” the court held.
The post A-Court voids Orubebe's conviction, overrules CCT appeared first on Vanguard News.
This post was syndicated from Vanguard News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
RALEIGH, N.C. — The world's largest pork producer is putting its best case before jurors to debunk claims its waste emits stenches so foul and attracts so many flies that life for rural neighbours is miserable.
Smithfield Foods' lawyers hand-picked the two plaintiffs and the neighbouring 4,700-hog operation in the second in a series of nuisance lawsuits that opened Wednesday.
Plaintiffs' lawyers picked the first case and won a nearly $51 million jury verdict last month. That was cut to about $3 million because a state law limits punishment for corporate misdeeds.
Neighbours say for decades they've put up with livestock sewage sprayed over crops that also drifts and coats their homes and cars.
Smithfield Foods lawyers say jurors should forget the company's size and focus on how one grower treats his neighbours.
——
This story has been corrected to say Wednesday instead of Tuesday.
The Graduate Aptitude Test in Engineering (GATE) is all set to be conducted by the Indian Institute of Technology (IIT) Guwahati, starting from today onwards, February 3 at the different examination centres. The exam will be of 100 marks divided into 2 sections and will have questions on general aptitude, engineering mathematics and core engineering area of the candidate.
The paper will be of 100 marks, which will be divided into two sections, containing total 65 questions, with a time limit of 3 hours
As the Graduate Aptitude Test in Engineering (GATE) is all set to be conducted by the Indian Institute of Technology (IIT) Guwahati, starting from today onwards, February 3 at the different examination centres, students should remain calm and composed. The exam is being held for admission into masters and direct doctoral programmes in engineering, technology, architecture and other branches of science at several Indian Institutes Of Science and IITs. The paper will be of 100 marks, which will be divided into two sections, containing total 65 questions, with a time limit of 3 hours. Few questions will be framed on basic general aptitude that will be for 15 marks, other questions will include engineering mathematics, consisting of 10-13 questions and core engineering are of the applicant.
Here are GATE 2018 exam instructions, tips and suggestions
1. Say no to a new topic: Try to avoid new topics just ahead of the exam, trying to mug up new content at the very last moment will give you more stress and you will lose out on what you have already done, and will not have the appropriate time to revise. Focus on what you have already done, rather than concentrating something new.
2. Stay positive: Staying happy is almost the best remedy to get away with stress, listen to good music, eat well, meditate. All these activities will make you feel light. Try to avoid books at the last minute, and do something you love which will calm your mind and provide positive vibes.
3. Revision: Do not revise the entire syllabus just a day before the examination. It will create a lot of confusion because of the pressure. Try to recall only those topics or points which you are 100% sure are important. Try to make handwritten notes on those topics, handwritten notes are way more comprehending than books.
4. Admit Card: Admit Card is the most important document during an examination, also keep your photo ID. Instead of morning hustle, keep it inside your bad before you sleep. Along with that, keep a softcopy of your admit card in cell phones for verification at the centre.
5. Negative marking: Be careful as marks will be cut for wrong answers. Do not try your luck at questions which are unsure about. Utilise your time on questions you are sure about and confident.
SCOREBOARD
Monday, Dec. 11
New England at Miami, 8:30 p.m. EST. Tom Brady and the Patriots have won eight games in row, and will clinch their ninth consecutive AFC East title with a win. But they'll have to do it without tight end Rob Gronkowski, who will serve a one-game suspension for a late hit against Buffalo last week. Meanwhile, Dolphins coach Adam Gase is 0-3 against the Patriots, who beat Miami 35-17 two weeks ago. The Dolphins have played more games on Monday night than any other team with 83, but this is their first since 2015.
——
STARS
Passing
— Ben Roethlisberger, Steelers, went 44 of 66 for 506 yards and two touchdowns, becoming the first quarterback in NFL history to top 500 yards passing three times and leading Pittsburgh past Baltimore 39-38.
— Matthew Stafford, Lions, passed for 381 yards and a TD with an injured throwing hand, and set up the winning field goal in Detroit's 24-21 win over Tampa Bay.
— Dak Prescott, Cowboys, threw three touchdown passes and finished 20 of 30 for 332 yards as Dallas topped the New York Giants 30-10.
— Jimmy Garoppolo, 49ers, threw for a career-high 334 yards and a touchdown to help San Francisco win its second straight, 26-16 over Houston.
— Brett Hundley, Packers, finished 35 of 46 with three touchdowns, including a 25-yarder to Davante Adams in overtime, to lead Green Bay to a 27-21 win at Cleveland.
— Philip Rivers, Chargers, passed for 319 yards and two touchdowns in Los Angeles' fourth straight victory, 30-13 over Washington.
——
Rushing
— Jonathan Stewart, Panthers, ran for 103 yards and a career-high three touchdowns in Carolina's 31-24 victory over Minnesota.
— LeSean McCoy, Bills, scored on a 21-yard run with 1:33 left in overtime and finished with 156 yards rushing in Buffalo's 13-7 win over Indianapolis.
— Jordan Howard, Bears, ran for 147 yards and a pair of touchdowns in Chicago's 33-7 rout of Cincinnati, giving him consecutive 1,000 yard seasons to start his career.
— Todd Gurley, Rams, rushed for 96 yards and two TDs on 13 carries in Los Angeles' 43-35 loss to Philadelphia.
— Frank Gore, Colts, had a career-high 36 carries for 130 yards in Indianapolis' 13-7 overtime loss to Buffalo.
— Isaiah Crowell, Browns, rushed for 121 yards on 19 carries in Cleveland's 27-21 overtime defeat against Green Bay.
— Kareem Hunt, Chiefs, ran for 116 yards and a TD in Kansas City's 26-15 win over Oakland.
——
Receiving
— Antonio Brown, Steelers, caught 11 passes for 213 yards in Pittsburgh's 39-38 win over Baltimore.
— DeAndre Hopkins, Texans, had 149 yards receiving and two touchdowns in Houston's 26-16 loss to San Francisco.
— Rod Smith, Cowboys, had an 81-yard touchdown catch, finishing with five catches for 113 yards, and added a 15-yard TD run in Dallas' 30-10 win over the New York Giants.
— Kendall Wright, Bears, caught 10 passes for 107 yards in Chicago's 33-7 win at Cincinnati.
— Eric Ebron, Lions, had 10 catches for 94 yards in Detroit's 24-21 victory at Tampa Bay.
— Tyrell Williams, Chargers, caught four passes for 132 yards, including a 75-yard touchdown, in Los Angeles' 30-13 win over Washington.
——
Special Teams
— Matt Prater, Lions, kicked a 46-yard field goal in the closing seconds to lead Detroit to a 24-21 victory at Tampa Bay.
— Phil Dawson, Cardinals, made field goals from 47, 23, 32 and 35 yards — and missed from 40 — to account for Arizona's scoring in a 12-7 win over Tennessee.
— Blake Countess, Rams, returned a blocked punt by Michael Thomas 16 yards for a touchdown in Los Angeles' 43-35 loss to Philadelphia.
— Trevor Davis, Packers, had a 65-yard punt return to set up a touchdown in Green Bay's 27-21 overtime victory at Cleveland.
— Jaydon Mickens, Jaguars, set up a score with a 72-yard punt return to help Jacksonville beat Seattle 30-24.
——
Defence
— Sean Lee, Cowboys, had 18 total tackles and an interception in Dallas' 30-10 victory over the New York Giants.
— Brandon Graham, Eagles, scored on a 16-yard fumble return in Philadelphia's 43-35 win over the Los Angeles Rams.
— Bashaud Breeland, Redskins, returned an interception of Kellen Clemens' pass 96 yards for a touchdown in Washington's 30-13 loss to the Los Angeles Chargers.
— Chris Long, Eagles, had a strip-sack of Jared Goff and Rodney McLeod recovered the football to set up the go-ahead field goal in Philadelphia's 43-35 win over the Los Angeles Rams.
——
STREAKS & STATS
It took 13 games, but Carolina finally got at an interception from its starting cornerbacks. Daryl Worley and James Bradberry both intercepted Minnesota's Case Keenum in a 31-24 win after being shut out the previous 12 games. … Detroit's Matthew Stafford made his 109th consecutive start despite being limited in practice after his right hand was stepped on during the previous week at Baltimore. It's the third-longest among NFL quarterbacks behind Matt Ryan (128) and Philip Rivers (119). Stafford directed a winning drive in the fourth quarter or overtime for the 32nd time in his career, leading Detroit to a 24-21 win at Tampa Bay. … Denver snapped its eight-game losing streak, its longest losing string since joining the NFL in 1970, with a 23-0 shutout of the New York Jets. It was the Broncos' first win in 70 days.
——
MILESTONES
Arizona's Larry Fitzgerald had 44 yards receiving in the Cardinals' 12-7 win over Tennessee, giving him 15,311 for his career to surpass Randy Moss (15,292) for third place on the NFL's career list. Only Jerry Rice (22,895) and Terrell Owens (15,934) have more. … Indianapolis' Frank Gore finished with a career-high 36 carries for 130 yards in the Colts' 13-7 overtime loss at Buffalo. It was his first 100-yard game in 15 outings, since gaining 101 yards in a 34-6 win at Miami on Dec. 12. It was also Gore's 42nd career 100-yard game, tying him with O.J. Simpson for 16th on the NFL list. … Kansas City's Kareem Hunt ran for 116 yards in the Chiefs' 26-15 win over Oakland, giving him 1,046 yards rushing for the season and making him the second rookie in team history to top the 1,000-yard. Joe Delaney, whose career was cut tragically short when he drowned while trying to save three kids in a Louisiana pond, accomplished the feat in 1981. … Philip Rivers of the Los Angeles Chargers became the third quarterback in NFL history to pass for at least 3,500 yards in 10 consecutive seasons, joining Peyton Manning (13, 1998-2010) and Drew Brees (13, 2005-17). Rivers also moved ahead of Warren Moon for ninth place in NFL history in career yards passing. … Denver's Demaryius Thomas caught the 56th TD pass of his career, surpassing Hall of Fame tight end Shannon Sharpe for second in franchise history. Wide receiver Rod Smith's 68 TD receptions are the most all-time.
——
FLY EAGLES FLY
Philadelphia improved to 11-2 and clinched the NFC East with a 43-35 victory over the Los Angeles Rams. The Eagles, who finished in last place in the division last year, completed a worst-to-first turnaround. At least one team has won its division the season after finishing in or tied for last place in 14 of the past 15 seasons. Philadelphia's title celebration was likely tempered by a serious knee injury to quarterback Carson Wentz.
——
SUPER CAM
Carolina's Cam Newton had a 62-yard run to Minnesota's 8-yard line to set up the winning touchdown in the Panthers' 31-24 win over the Vikings. Newton, who had a 69-yard run in Week 10, is the first quarterback since the 1970 merger to have multiple rushes of 60 or more rushes in a single season.
——
YOUNG BEARS
Chicago's Jordan Howard rushed for 147 yards and two touchdowns in the Bears' 33-7 win at Cincinnati, making him the first player in franchise history to rush for at least 1,000 yards in each of his first two NFL seasons. Mitchell Trubisky passed for 271 yards with a touchdown and added a 4-yard TD run in today's win, becoming the first rookie quarterback in team history with a passing TD and a rushing TD in a single game since Jim McMahon in 1982.
——
BACK IN THE END ZONE
After missing some scoring opportunities last week in Los Angeles, Cleveland's Josh Gordon was confident he and DeShone Kizer would connect against Green Bay. They did just that on the Browns' first play, hooking up for 38 yards. Moments later, Kizer threaded a perfect pass over the middle to Gordon, who made a leaping catch in the end zone for his first TD since Dec. 15, 2013. When he returned to the sideline, Gordon pulled off his helmet and put on a pair of dark sunglasses, then strutted in celebration before hugging Jackson.
——
MANNING'S RETURN
Giants quarterback Eli Manning got a standing ovation while taking the field, a week after being benched in favour of Geno Smith. Manning, who threw a 1-yard TD pass to Rhett Ellison late in the second quarter, finished 31 of 46 for 228 yards, along with two late interceptions. The game capped a hectic week for the Giants that started Monday with the firing of second-year coach Ben McAdoo and general manager Jerry Reese and saw Steve Spagnuolo promoted from defensive co-ordinator to interim coach.
——
HUNTING JAGUARS
Blake Bortles threw two perfect passes for touchdowns, Jaydon Mickens set up another score with a 72-yard punt return and the Jacksonville Jaguars beat the Seattle Seahawks 30-24 on Sunday. The Jaguars (9-4) intercepted three passes by Russell Wilson, including two on deep balls, and won for the sixth time in their last seven games. This victory, coupled with Tennessee's loss at Arizona, moved Jacksonville atop the AFC South. It's the first time since 2010 that the Jaguars have had the outright division lead this late in a season.
——
WENTZ AND GOFF
For the eighth time since the 1970 merger, quarterbacks taken No. 1 and No. 2 overall in the same draft squared off with the Rams' Jared Goff — the first pick overall in 2016 — and Philadelphia's Carson Wentz — who went No. 2. Wentz threw for 291 yards and four touchdowns before leaving with a knee injury in the Eagles' 43-35 win. Goff threw for 199 yards and two touchdowns for Los Angeles.
——
RARE RUSSELL
Russell Wilson was intercepted three times in Seattle's 30-24 loss at Jacksonville. It was the first time this season and the fourth time in 105 career games that Wilson was picked off three times. It was his first game with three or more picks since throwing five against Green Bay in December 2016.
——
SIDELINED
Philadelphia's Carson Wentz, Houston's Tom Savage, the Jets' Josh McCown and Buffalo's Nathan Peterman each left their respective games with injuries. Two sources familiar with the injury told The Associated Press that doctors believe Wentz has torn his left anterior cruciate ligament and will miss the rest of the season and playoffs. Wentz needs an MRI to confirm the severity of the injury. Both people spoke to the AP on condition of anonymity because they weren't authorized to release the information. … In Houston, Savage was cleared to re-enter the game against the San Francisco 49ers for one series after sustaining a concussion. He threw two incompletions on that drive, and Houston's team doctor approached him after he returned to the sideline after that possession. … In snowy Buffalo, Peterman went 5 of 10 for 57 yards before being sidelined by a head injury late in the third quarter against Indianapolis. … McCown left the game against Denver twice because of hard hits, including a clean shot by Shane Ray in the third quarter that left McCown with a broken left hand. … Seahawks linebacker Bobby Wagner left against Jacksonville in the third quarter with a hamstring injury and did not return. Fellow linebacker K.J. Wright (concussion) left the field late in the third quarter. … Raiders wide receiver Amari Cooper left in the second quarter against Kansas City with a right leg injury when he was blocking downfield on a run by DeAndre Washington and a defender rolled into the back of him.
——
SPEAKING
“My No. 1 thought going into it was to keep our hopes alive to make the playoffs. At the end of the day, whatever happens, happens. Whenever I'm called upon, I'll be ready. In the meantime, we're still in this.” — Green Bay quarterback Brett Hundley, who threw three touchdown passes in a 27-21 overtime win at Cleveland that kept the Packers' playoff hopes alive with Aaron Rodgers poised to return next week.
——
“It feels like 100 years.” — Denver quarterback Trevor Siemian after the Broncos snapped an eight-game skid with their first win in 70 days, 23-0 over the New York Jets.
——
For more NFL coverage: http://www.pro32.ap.org and http://www.twitter.com/AP–NFL
Nigerian govt taking steps to fight cyber crime – AGF
The officials list steps taken to curb cyber crime.
The post Nigerian govt taking steps to fight cyber crime – AGF appeared first on Premium Times Nigeria.
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Premium Times Nigeria. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Police on Tuesday asked for the public's help identifying suspects in five burglaries of a Sprint store in Santa Ana.
The store, near the corner of Bristol Street and MacArthur Boulevard, was broken into Tuesday morning making it the fifth burglary by what seems to be the same two suspects, Santa Ana police said in a bulletin.
The first burglary was on Nov. 24. Each time, the crimes were recorded on the store's video surveillance system and happened between 4 and 6 a.m.
Investigators released video footage from one of the break-ins showing one suspect smashing the glass entrance window, running into the store and fleeing with merchandise.
One of the suspects is described as an approximately 18- to 25-year-old black man standing 5-feet 10-inches to six feet tall and weighing 160 to 175 pounds. He was seen carrying a skateboard during one of the crimes.
The second suspect was described as an 18- to 25-year-old white or Hispanic man with a medium build. He was seen wearing a red beanie, black hooded sweatshirt, black pants and black shoes. He was seen riding a dark-colored beach cruiser bicycle.
Anyone with information about the crimes or suspects is asked to call Santa Ana Police Detective A. Gonzalez at 714-245-8732 or Orange County Crime Stoppers at 855-TIP-OCCS.
Contact the writer: 714-796-7865 or afausto@scng.com
Getty Image
The New Orleans Pelicans are on a roll in the postseason, fresh off a sweep of the Portland Trail Blazers. Handling the No. 3 seed in the Western Conference with ease has brought up the potential for big changes in Portland, both with coaching and players on the roster.
While the Pelicans are riding high right now as they get ready for a likely showdown with the Warriors in the second round, they too will also have some big decisions to make this summer. The biggest one is what to do with DeMarcus Cousins, who is currently missing this postseason with a ruptured Achilles which is an injury that has derailed many NBA careers.
Anthony Davis, the superstar largely credited for keeping the Pelicans afloat in Cousins' absence, wants to see the team re-sign him this summer, but Cousins could go elsewhere in free agency if he's tempted, or if the offer isn't what he wants from New Orleans.
Savage Prefit .243 WIN 10T 24" 0.780" Small Shank $165 shipped
It is a small/standard shank 24", 10 twist, 0.780 at the muzzle, with a gloss blue finish.
Home
Call, text west coast time or PM
Chris (661)373-5536 I got this from Bison Gun Works for a build but my state is lead free now so I need a faster twist.It is a small/standard shank 24", 10 twist, 0.780 at the muzzle, with a gloss blue finish.Call, text west coast time or PMChris (661)373-5536 Attached Thumbnails - Click to View Larger
__________________
Apple, Android less distracting than generic infotainment
| By
New research shows that Apple CarPlay and Android Auto are less distracting for drivers than generic infotainment systems, but there's still room for improvement. WFIR's Ian Price has details:
07-04 Infotainment WEB-WRAP
Our Father, who art in heaven, hallowed be thy Name. Thy kingdom come. THY WILL BE DONE, on earth as it is in heaven. Give us this day our daily bread. And forgive us our trespasses, as we forgive those who trespass against us. And lead us not into temptation, but DELIVER US FROM EVIL.
For Thine is the kingdom and the power and the glory, forever and ever. Amen †
General News of Monday, 2 January 2017
Source: classfmonline.com
John Alexander Ackon, Ashanti Regional Minister
The outgoing National Democratic Congress (NDC) government will provide a most credible opposition when the incoming New Patriotic Party (NPP) government is sworn into office for the next four years, Ashanti Regional Minister John Alexander Ackon has said.
Speaking on the Executive Breakfast Show (EBS) on Class91.3FM on Monday January 2, Mr Ackon noted that he expected the seventh parliament of the Fourth Republic, which would be sworn into office on January 7, to be vibrant.
He called on incoming parliamentarians to avoid absenteeism to enable them conduct government business effectively.
“We are going to provide the most credible opposition than this one. There is no way for me that NDC MPs are going to go to parliament in mourning cloth when the State of the Nation address is being read,” he stated.
“…We are not going to get a situation where…we boycott the State of the Nation address contrary to law. We are not going to do that but we will give a credible opposition and I think people should respect us for that.”
Mr Ackon: “…The NPP has 170 [seats in parliament] to the extent that they will be able to [have] 70 Members of Parliament as ministers of state and will still have enough to operate in parliament, so I expect parliament to be vibrant. We don't expect absenteeism looking at the numbers. As for the opposition, they will not be in the executive and so they will be there always. So my expectation is we should have a parliament full at all times to conduct government business.”
BEIJING (AP) — Authorities in China's far western Xinjiang region say eight people were killed, including three assailants, in the latest outbreak of violence in the volatile region.
According to a statement posted on the local government's website, the attack occurred Tuesday evening in Pishan county in southern Xinjiang, home to China's ethnic Uighur minority. It said the three also injured five others before police killed them.
Uighurs are predominantly Muslim, Turkic-speaking people who have long chafed under the rule of Beijing, more than 1,800 miles (3,000 km) away from the provincial capital of Urumqi. The government statement did not identify the attackers or say whether they were linked to Uighur separatists who have been blamed for previous attacks in Chinese cities.
Calls to local police went unanswered Wednesday.
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
360Fresh: TMXO x Dapo Tuburna – Recognize
Nigerian Producer/DJ, TMXO teams up with Tinny Entertainment's new wave, Dapo Tuburna to create a dope afro tune titled “RECOGNIZE“. With TMXO's genius on the production, Dapo Tuburna serves us exciting lyrics and melodies… “…Turn any girl into a freak like wine into zobo…”
Born Timi Aladeloba, TMXO's passion for music is so intense that even with three certified architecture certifications, the young producer still spend his days making and creating music. Worthy of note are songs Iceprince's Mutumina, “Nobody Knows” by Reminisce featuring 2baba and his remix to Jon Bellion's All-Time Low.
The mos' Xclusive one (as his signature fully spells out) is most notable for genre bending and exciting infusions. He began his production career as an interning in-house producer with Knighthouse's DJ Klem.
The post 360Fresh: TMXO x Dapo Tuburna – Recognize appeared first on 360Nobs.com.
This post was syndicated from 360Nobs.com. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Abrahams slams ‘grandstanding' Afriforum over Malema prosecution – Independent Online
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Africa - Google News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Macron in Morocco to discuss Libya, Qatar crisis
French President Emmanuel Macron was in Morocco Wednesday on a 24-hour visit for talks on battling terrorism as well as the Libyan conflict and Qatar's dispute with its Gulf neighbours.
As he stepped off the plane for his first visit to Morocco since his election in May, the French president, his wife Brigitte at his side, was welcomed on the tarmac by King Mohammed VI.
The king's wife, Princess Lala Salma, and Crown Prince Moulay Hassan, 14, were also present at the airport to greet the French first couple, who were then driven to the royal palace for talks.
Ahead of the visit, the French presidency said Macron would discuss with Mohammed VI the dispute between Qatar and several countries, as both Paris and Rabat are keen on mediating a solution to the crisis.
The French presidency said after Macron landed in Rabat that the French president would meet separately in Paris with the emir of Qatar, Sheikh Tamim bin Hamad al-Thani, and the crown prince of the UAE, Sheikh Mohammad bin Zayed al-Nahyan.
The meetings are due to take place in the last week of June and are aimed at trying to defuse the dispute between Qatar and its neighbours.
The United Arab Emirates severed diplomatic ties with Qatar on June 5, along with Saudi Arabia, Bahrain, Egypt and other countries, accusing the gas-rich Gulf nation of supporting Islamist extremism.
The crisis is the worst to grip the Gulf in years.
“President Macron has spoken with all the heads of state of the region and called for appeasement. These efforts could converge with the mediation that Morocco wants to attempt,” the Elysee Palace said ahead of the visit.
A French diplomatic source said “the priority is to help resolve the crisis”.
Also on Macron's agenda was the conflict in Libya, where the UN-backed government is struggling to impose its legitimacy.
The fight against radicalisation and terrorism would also be at the centre of the talks between the two leaders, and Paris would like to “intensify” cooperation in that field, the source said.
Moroccans, or people of Moroccan origin, are believed to be behind several attacks that have been carried out in Europe in the past two years.
Macron and his wife are to attend an iftar meal, to break the fast of Ramadan, at the king's personal resident, and the French president will spend the night in Rabat before flying back home Thursday.
This post was syndicated from The Guardian Nigeria Newspaper. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
One of the most beautiful roads between the communities of Mount Hevron and Shoket Junction is Route 316 via the Yatir Forest.
The road was opened last year and serves hundreds of vehicles belonging to the residents of Mount Hevron and the surrounding area, and shortens their way to Beer Sheva and Highway 6.
Despite the many advantages of the road, there is a significant threat to the lives of the drivers and passengers: along the road are camel pens and herds crossing the road unhindered.
Until now, many drivers have testified that they encounter camels on an almost daily basis and manage to slow the car as soon as they see a camel to prevent an accident, but on parts of the road where there is no light at night, the ability of advance identification is put in jeopardy and the danger increases.
The consequences of road accidents with camels are heavy. At the beginning of the year, 13-year-old Yael Elmakayes was killed on Route 40 from a camel accident. In all, over the past ten years, 15 people have been killed and hundreds injured in road accidents involving camels.
"I drive on Route 316 a few times a week, sometimes every day," says a resident of Hiran (Mahane Yatir). "When I see a camel I try to push it away myself and then call the police, and I often get a response from the dispatchers, 'What do you want me to do? Fine the camels?' but later get a notification that the issue was dealt with.”
“I believe that a police car really comes, but it will not help to merely keep the camel away for that moment because it will come back. Serious enforcement is required here before it is too late. "
About a month ago, the Knesset passed the “Animal Marking and Control Law,” whereby camels will be marked with a subcutaneous chip that will identify their owners after accidents, such that a person registered as the owner of the camel will bear criminal liability for negligence in supervision of the camel.
The purpose of the marking is to make camel owners manage their flocks and take responsibility for wandering camels. It seems, however, that the passage of the law does not stop camels from roaming along Negev roads, and people continue to face the threat of accidents even now.
After repeated requests from the residents and the Mount Hevron Regional Council, enforcement activities were initiated by Border Police and the “Green Patrol” from the Nature and Parks Authority which includes the distribution of warnings to camel owners and their confiscation, if necessary.
The head of the council, Yochai Damari, called for "the imposition of all the weight and enforcement of the law, including fines and the confiscation of flocks in order to protect the lives of residents and passengers.”
"I thank the forces currently operating in the area, albeit belatedly. In this case, the writing is on the wall, and if the legal elements do not act systematically and over time we will not be able to absolve ourselves of responsibility in the event of a disaster, Heaven forbid," he warned.
FANCY WORK: Fancy That manager May Nash is loving the new-look store which re-opened yesterday after extensive renovations.
AFTER two weeks and $10,000, the new-look Fancy That opportunity shop is re-opened for business.
Manager for almost a decade, May Nash, is thrilled with the result and how quickly it all came together.
"When it was first discussed (renovating), I said I didn't think we could afford it, but then we got a generous $10,000 donation from a member of the church and, suddenly it was happening,” Mrs Nash said.
Along with the anonymous donation, the landlord of the shop in upper Mary St was also playing a part, installing better lighting, a new disabled toilet and improving access at the rear of the building for staff and volunteers.
"We've had some really positive feedback from customers. Very complimentary.
"And the new layout works well too. It's more open and customer friendly.
"And staff friendly too,” Mrs Nash said.
This is the first renovation the store has had since moving to its present location just up from the Empire Hotel from where it was established next to Wayne's World 21 years ago.
Fancy That Anglican Op Shop reopening on Monday 14/08/17. (Front from left) Muriel Brown, Mel Shaw (volunteers from when the shop first started) and May Nash current Manager at the cake cutting ceremony on Monday while other volunteers look on. Contributed
Present at the official opening yesterday morning were up to 25 volunteers from the past and present, and members of the Gympie Anglican Church including Father Andrew Cooper, who officiated.
Long-term volunteers Mel Shaw and Muriel Brown cut the cake at a special morning tea to commemorate the re-opening.
Mrs Nash said she looked forward to working in the new store which would continue to accept donations of quality pre-loved clothing, homewares and bric-a-brac with the profits from all the sales going to the Anglican Church in Gympie to fund its charity works.
And the new layout meant there was more room for volunteers to sort and price donated items.
"We accept donations from anyone, of anything. And we also have regular customers that come in and find little treasures all the time,” she said.
"I'm very proud of the fact we have the reputation of being the cheapest op-shop in town, but it's all good quality.
"In fact, Father Andrew coined a phrase today. He said, 'Ain't no tat at Fancy That'. And that's the truth,” Mrs Nash said.
Entertainment of Monday, 2 January 2017
Source: extremegh.com
2017-01-02
Sarkodie and wife Tracy
Sarkodie and his wife Tracy are two amazing personalities who have proven without doubts that love is not about money or status.
It's just beautiful how they have been in love from the times they had nothing till present.
They have really been an inspiration to most young people in Ghana. Sarkodie in a new song which he titles Just In Case, a tune specially recorded for his wife Tracy, has revealed how they met and how much he loves her.
Tracy couldn't hide her joy when Sarkodie posted the audio slide of the song on Twitter and this is how she reacted:
I love you queen ???? @TracySarkcess >>> https://t.co/UjR5ALsdwj — TheHighest (@sarkodie) January 1, 2017
Minimum wage, maximum wahala
Vanguard
THE life of the public employee in Nigeria is a chain of constant struggles only punctuated by rare moments of delight – he struggles to go to school; he struggles to get a job; he struggles to do the work; he struggles to get paid for his labour; and …
and more »
Share This Video Facebook Twitter EMAIL
Last week on Agents of SHIELD, we learned Radcliffe is about a thousand times creepier than we thought when it comes to his ex-wife, we learned the thinly veiled white supremacist group the Watchdogs actually like Inhumans if they provide a strategic advantage, and were also reminded this show has absolutely no compunction about reducing its villains to greasy stains out of nowhere. So long, Senator Nadeer.
So, where does that leave SHIELD? In some pretty deep sewage, actually, because Ivanov, the rich and insane Russian, is obsessed with Coulson and believes he's behind the entire Marvel universe and all its various disasters. Which is sort of unfair, because it's not like he failed to remove a chemical weapon that got dumped into the ocean by accident, or unleashed a vengeance demon on a prison, or hijacked control of a covert organization mostly because of his own ego, or- um, OK, maybe Ivanov has a point.
We also assume romance will come up somehow, because it is Valentine's Day and also stealing your wife's brain from her dying body is something the show really should counterbalance with, like, Fitz being nice to Simmons for once. We'll find out tonight at 10pm EST on ABC. Join us, won't you?
ADDIS ABABA, Ethiopia (AP) — African leaders this week came close to demanding that President Donald Trump publicly apologize for his vulgar remark about the continent "that defies all forms of diplomatic etiquette," according to a draft declaration obtained by The Associated Press.
The draft declaration, created during an African Union summit, says heads of state and government are "deeply appalled" by Trump's reported comparison of African countries to a dirty toilet.
It warns that the strategic partnership between Africa and the U.S. is at risk because of Trump's "racist and xenophobic behavior."
The African leaders appear to have changed their mind on the draft declaration because of a Trump letter to them pledging his "deep respect" and saying Secretary of State Rex Tillerson would make an "extended visit" to the continent in March.
The Leader's Office is getting in the Christmas spirit: Shadow Cabinet members visited in small groups over the last week to decorate Jezza's Xmas tree, putting on a bauble each, while staffers did the finishing touches, including raising the essential red star. Meanwhile, Jezza's rather boring official Christmas card is out (below).
Lovely festive Christmas card from Jeremy Corbyn. Unfortunate two people inadvertently look as if they're holding guns! pic.twitter.com/OjP4SDqAKo — Kevin Maguire (@Kevin_Maguire) 11 December 2017
It's got nothing on the cards the Labour Party shop started flogging last month – a cult of Corbyn Christmas special depicting a snowman wearing an “oh Jeremy Corbyn” scarf and flat cap. A pack of 8 went for a suggested donation of £8. Who needs Jesus when you've got Jez-us?
12:44 Reported News Briefs Sivan 21, 5777 , 15/06/17 Sivan 21, 5777 , 15/06/17 London fire: 'It would be a miracle for anyone to be left alive' Read more London's Fire Commissioner says an "unknown number of people" are still trapped in an apartment building that was engulfed in flames. ► ◄ Last Briefs
Gov. Nyesom Wike of Rivers in Port Harcourt on Tuesday called for true federalism in Nigeria to enable each part of the country to develop according to its ability.
The governor made the call when he hosted the U.S. Ambassador to Nigeria, Mr William Symington, the governor's Special Assistant on Electronic Media, Mr Simeon Nwakaudu, said in a statement.
He explained that Rivers people wanted true federalism because they wanted a country where all the federating units were allowed to develop according to their resources.
Wike said that the demand for true federalism meant that Rivers people believed in one united Nigeria, where no section was denied the control of its own resources.
He urged the U.S. Government to set up a visa office in Port Harcourt to cater to the South-South and the Southeast geo-political zones.
“We are clamouring for true federalism, when you talk of true federalism, they think you don't want to be part of the country.
“We talk about true federalism as practised in America, a true presidential system where all the federating units will be allowed to enjoy their resources and contribute to the centre,” Wike said.
He said the people believed that there must be a country called Nigeria in which everyone would work together to achieve unity and progress.
The governor said Rivers people sought to be treated with equity, fairness and justice.
He said that the right framework should be established to ensure that all the states excelled at their own pace.
Wike said that the visa office would be in the spirit of equity and justice as the Abuja office served the North, while the Lagos office served the South-West.
He said Rivers was safe for investments and promised that his administration would partner investors to enable them to benefit from their investments.
“Forget about the media propaganda, this state is an opposition state, therefore don't expect them to say it is the best.
“But we are the best state, we are doing everything to ensure that investors do profitable business under the ambit of the law,” the governor said.
The ambassador commended Nigerians for their unity and added: “Nigeria will be great and I expect a superpower and a super partner.”
Texas isn't exactly known for burgeoning snook populations, but in certain places at certain times it's a great gamefish to pursue. If, that is, you know how to get 'em. Because snook are one of those species that often behave in very specific ways, which require very specific tactics. I recently spent a week snook-hunting with multiple guides, and took note of these three commonalities which they all mentioned.
Fish snook with a tight drag – really tight. Each of the guides we were with made a point of using relatively heavy gear (mostly 30 pound Yo-Zuri braid with 60 or 80 pound flourocarbon leader), and cranking down the drag until you could barely pull out an inch of line. The reason is this fish's regular battle tactic: running to cover. Snook will immediately attempt to swim around pilings, piers, rock jetties, and whatever line-chaffing material they can find. Anglers need to haul them out and away from such stuff asap. Won't this lead to some break-offs? Yes. But if you fish them with a light drag the break-offs are nearly guaranteed. Place your bait or lure within six inches of whatever structure the fish are hanging around, and if you miss, reel in and keep trying. Snook often won't move, yet will inhale a bait that's plopped down right in front of their nose. Case in point: more than once during this week of fishing, live baits were cast within a foot or two of a piling or pier which the guide was sure held a fish. After the bait splashed down within a couple feet of the target three or four times, I was sure there either were no fish there, or the snook had spooked. Then someone made one of those magical casts that landed within a micron of the target, and WHAM! If you're fishing bait, remember that snook are poor candidates for using circle hooks. The reason why? With circle hooks, as you probably know the fish needs to swim away and begin applying some tension, as opposed to you setting the hook. Try this with a snook, and by the time you can apply any tension the battle has already been lost, because the fish is deep in around the structure it's been hiding near. Remember that super-tight drag? Quickly applying that pressure and dragging the fish away from the structure often just isn't possible, when using a circle hook.
How a state panel of sports writers and broadcasters rates Ohio high school girls basketball teams in the Associated Press polls, by OHSAA divisions, with won-lost record and total points (first-place votes in parentheses):
Others receiving 12 or more points: N. Can. Hoover 19. Cin. McAuley 13.
Others receiving 12 or more points: Warren Howland 25. Poland Seminary 15. Cin. Mariemont 15. Clyde 14. Shaker Hts. Laurel 14. London 12.
Others receiving 12 or more points: Richwood N. Union 18. W. Liberty-Salem 15. Coldwater 13.
Others receiving 12 or more points: Norwalk St. Paul 18. Cle. Cuyahoga Hts. 14. Jackson Center 13.
Comments
comments
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
After a light Week 15 during the international window and an onslaught of compelling U.S. Open Cup action during the midweek, MLS is back with a full, 11-match slate this weekend, including 10 games on Saturday.
Let's take a look at what's at stake:
New York City FC vs. Seattle Sounders
Saturday, 1 p.m. ET | MLS Live
The Seattle Sounders may have had Week 15 off, but that doesn't mean the schedule-makers made life easy on them. After triumphing over Cascadia Cup rivals Portland, 2-1, in the U.S. Open Cup on Tuesday, the defending MLS Cup champions are rewarded with a cross-country trip to the Big Apple to face a dangerous New York City FC side in what is a morning encounter in Pacific Time. With NYCFC also facing their derby rivals in another USOC fixture on Wednesday, the spoils Saturday may go to whichever side can more quickly refocus. And perhaps which manager among Brian Schmetzer and Patrick Vieira can better manage minutes.
Atlanta United vs. Columbus Crew
Saturday, 7 p.m. ET | MLS LIVE
Striker Josef Martinez is back for Atlanta United, and none too soon after the Five Stripes suffered back-to-back away league losses by multiple goals. Martinez's ability to build on a 26-minute shift may be just what the expansion club needs right now, especially since the Atlanta attack has scored just once in those last two games. Meanwhile, Columbus Crew SC will be looking to improve upon their woeful away defensive record, having conceded 17 of their Eastern Conference-worst 26 goals away from Mapfre Stadium.
New England Revolution vs. Chicago Fire
Saturday, 7:30 p.m. ET | MLS LIVE
Bastian Schweinsteiger, Nemanja Nikolic and the Chicago Fire put their seven-match unbeaten run on the line when they visit Gillette Stadium, one of the league's toughest away venues in 2017. And after an Open Cup visit to St. Louis FC, two away games in four days could complicate things. Meanwhile, Jay Heaps' New England Revolution side get to spend all week at home, and that's a good thing since the Revs are only one of five MLS sides unbeaten at home in (5-0-2).
Orlando City SC vs. Montreal Impact
Saturday, 7:30 p.m. ET | MLS LIVE
After a short-handed Montreal Impact side earned a smash-and-grab away draw at Kansas City in Week 15, the club visits Orlando City SC healthier and deeper with a half-dozen call-ups returning. Blerim Dzemaili is back from helping Switzerland to a 2-0 World Cup Qualifying win over the Faroe Islands, Laurent Ciman is back from reserve duty for Belgium, and Matteo Mancosu scored last weekend's equalizer in his return from injury. Orlando will look to get back to attacking-minded soccer after two sendings off forced the Lions to cling to a 0-0 home draw against Chicago two weekends ago.
Toronto FC vs. D.C. United
Saturday, 8 p.m. ET | TSN1, TSN4, MLS LIVE in the US
The form sheet suggests Toronto FC should make easy work of D.C. United at BMO Field. But Toronto needs only look at Canadian counterparts Montreal last weekend to know how wrong the form sheet can be. Although D.C.'s 4-1 U.S. Open Cup win over amateur side Christos FC flattered the Black-and-Red, United have looked marginally more dangerous with winger Patrick Nyarko back from a hamstring injury. Meanwhile, Toronto boss Greg Vanney will have to weigh how heavily to lean on Michael Bradley after a grueling 180-minute World Cup Qualifying shift in Colorado and Mexico City.
San Jose Earthquakes vs. Sporting Kansas City
Saturday, 9 p.m. ET | MLS LIVE
The San Jose Earthquakes are winless in their last two at Avaya Stadium, with the task no easier against the Western Conference leaders. Sporting Kansas City will be looking to put a disappointing Week 15 home draw against the Montreal Impact behind them, especially since they let in their first goal at Children's Mercy Park in six matches. Sporting KC have been almost as stingy on the road, allowing eight goals in eight games. That could pose problems for an Earthquakes side that has scored 16 goals, third-fewest in the West.
Colorado Rapids vs. Portland Timbers
Saturday, 9:30 p.m. ET | MLS LIVE
Ever since coach Pablo Mastroeni railed against soccer analytics, his Colorado Rapids have won three straight in all competitions, including a thrilling 3-2 comeback over the USL's OKC Energy on Tuesday. After starting that solid run with a 1-0 win over West leaders Kansas City, Colorado could take another impressive scalp in the Portland Timbers, who hope Fanendo Adi's brace in a 2-0 Week 15 victory over Dallas sparks a run of goals.
Vancouver Whitecaps vs. FC Dallas
Saturday, 10 p.m. ET | TSN 1, TSN 4, MLS LIVE in US
No side has faced a tougher itinerary of late than Oscar Pareja's FC Dallas. After a 2-0 away loss to Portland in which the Hoops were without internationals Kellyn Acosta, Matt Hedges and Maynor Figueroa, Dallas returned home for a midweek U.S. Open Cup tie against the Tulsa Roughnecks on Wednesday before making a U-Turn to the Pacific Northwest. Their reward? A game against a Vancouver Whitecaps side that has enjoyed two full weeks off and won four of its last six. The ‘Caps do face a question at center back, with Kendall Waston departing Costa Rica's qualifier with an early injury on Tuesday.
Real Salt Lake vs. Minnesota United
Saturday, 10 p.m. ET | MLS LIVE
The expansion Minnesota United will have as good a chance as any at their first MLS away win in franchise history when they visit Real Salt Lake. The Loons have a relatively short trip following Wednesday's U.S. Open Cup tie at Kansas City, while the Claret and Cobalt return from a tricky away fixture at the USL's Sacramento Republic. And RSL is only 3-3-1 at Rio Tinto Stadium this year, though they have won two straight. Minnesota also hopes to harness the international form of Francisco Calvo and Kevin Molino. The two players scored for opposing sides in Costa Rica's 2-1 World Cup Qualifying victory over Trinidad and Tobago on Tuesday.
LA Galaxy vs. Houston Dynamo
Saturday, 11 p.m. ET | UniMas, Facebook.com, MLS LIVE in Canada
The LA Galaxy return home in the league for the first time in a month-and-a-half following a four-match road trip that perhaps exceeded even coach Curt Onalfo's expectations. Although the Galacticos couldn't find a winner in a 0-0 draw against struggling D.C. United last time out, they still took 10 points from 12 thanks to four goals on the trip from Mexican international Giovani dos Santos. The Houston Dynamo are still searching for their first away win and have one of the league's worst away goal differentials at minus-12.
Philadelphia Union vs. New York Red Bulls
Sunday, 5 p.m. ET | ESPN, MLS LIVE in Canada
It was a previous visit from the New York Red Bulls that sparked Jim Curtin's Philadelphia Union side into life following a winless opening two months of the season. And after dropping consecutive away matches, Philly hopes another visit from their nearest geographical rivals can return them to the form that saw them win four straight in May. Meanwhile, the Red Bulls have only one victory since May began. Jesse March's side should be fresh after absorbing just a couple of international call-ups last week, even with a U.S. Open Cup derby against NYCFC on Wednesday.
General News of Friday, 6 October 2017
Source: ghananewsagency.org
2017-10-06
President Nana Akufo-Adoo
Mr Joseph Korto, Assembly Member for Low-Cost Electoral Area and an aspiring presiding member for the Tema Metropolitan Assembly (TMA), has lauded the President and Tema Members of Parliament(MP) for hard work, vision and integrity.
He also paid tribute to former MPs and Chief Executives of the Metropolis who left a legacy for the current ones to build on.
Speaking on behalf of a number of Assembly members called “the Concerned Assemble members of Tema, he said, “There are only few leaders in history who have dared to embark on radical transformational agenda that incorporates construction of factories, dams and the pursuit of educational accessibility the way the President is doing.”
Mr. Korto, who is the longest serving Assembly member in Tema, said the President was “brave and adventurous which was rare and scary, but necessary to move Ghana forward. When I pause to take a look at the things that the President has embarked on and yet to do, I cannot help but to stand awe.”
“The future obviously looks bright for Ghana and it shall, all thanks to goodness that we now have a President who is so ambitious that he is dreaming big for all of us and the same time leading us to achieve those dreams,” he said.
According to him, through the instrumentality of the three serving parliamentarians of Tema, their predecessors and some former Metropolitan Chief Executives, there had been massive improvement of Tema roads among other infrastructural developments.
“In the area of employment, health and education, the hardworking parliamentarians have performed above par and deserve to be celebrated in addition to the President of the Republic of Ghana.
The MP for Tema East and a Deputy Minister of Transport, Mr Daniel Nii Kwartei Titus Glover, long before he became a member of parliament, was at the labour front, fighting for Tema workers.
He has constructed a 46 seater sanitary facility for Bankuman residents in Tema New Town and helped secured a land at the Tema Naval Base for a Hospital Project.
He is currently constructing a modern football park at Tema Community one and often uses his common fund to assist the indigenous people during festivals and also helps in the area of education among other things.” Korto Said.
“Mr. Carlos Kingsley Ahenkorah, MP for Tema West and a Deputy Minister of Trade and Industries, had invested in many people's education and provided jobs for the youth before becoming an MP.
Mr Kofi Brako alias KB, Mp for Tema Central, has helped his constituents in diverse ways including the construction of a Maternity ward at the Tema General Hospital, the construction of modern football parks in his constituency,” he said.
According to him, the MP had also helped his constituents in diverse ways including the construction of a maternity Ward at the Tema General Hospital and the construction of modern football parks in his constituency.
He said,”One cannot go into the political history of Ghana without mentioning lawyer Abraham Ossei Aidooh, a former MP for Tema West and a Legal Luminary, who climbed the political ladder to become the Majority Leader and Minister of Parliamentary Affairs in the era of former President Kufour. A political portfolio, the whole of Tema became proud of.
The Greater Accra Regional Minister,Mr Ishmael Ashitey, in his days as MP for Tema East, also performed creditably, likewise Irene Naa Torshie Addo, a former MP for Tema West, who is currently the Administrator of the District Assemblies Common fund.”
“All these high profile politicians of Tema including the late Paul Victor Obeng, a former presidential advisor on governmental affairs, former Tema MCEs such as Kempes Ofosuware, Isaac Odamtten, Evans Ashong Narh, David Quaye Annang, Nii Amarh Ashitey and Emmanuel Nii Adjei Annang as well as former CEOs of the Tema Development Corporation deserve commendation.
Likewise the Paramount Chief of Tema, Dr. Nii Adjei Kraku II and some captains of industry. We, as assembly members of the Tema metropolis, doff-off our hats for them for their contributions towards the development of Tema and we promise to rely on their wisdom.
It is our strong hope that the restoration agenda of the MCE, Felix Mensah Nii Annang-La, would give birth to positive things,” Korto said.
There's an experiment underway at a few top universities around the world to make some master's degrees out there more affordable.
The Massachusetts Institute of Technology, for example, says the class of 2018 can get a master's degree in supply chain management for more than $20,000 off from the university's normal price, which runs upwards of $67,000 for the current year academic year.
But it's not as simple as sending in a coupon with your tuition bill.
It's called a "MicroMasters." MIT, Columbia University, the University of Michigan and the Rochester Institute of Technology are among a dozen or so universities globally that are giving this online program a shot.
It's not a full degree, but a sort of certificate, and can be a step toward a degree.
There are things in it for students, and for the school.
What's in it for students: cost
Let's take Danaka Porter as an example. She's a 31-year-old business consultant from Vancouver, British Columbia, and says a master's degree was exactly what she needed to boost her career.
"I found that people were a little bit more respected, I guess, once they had their master's because it was like they had taken that next step to go a little bit further," she says.
But she couldn't afford to stop working and become a full-time student again. She owns a house, she says, and "I have bills, and all of that stuff that doesn't stop because I wanted to go to school."
When a friend told that MIT was piloting its first partially online master's degree in supply chain management, she signed up.
The tuition for a year in the master's of supply chain management costs $67,938. Her MicroMasters certification, though, is just $1,350.
It's called a MicroMasters because it isn't a full degree, just a step toward one, though Porter says the coursework is just as rigorous as if she were on MIT's campus in Cambridge.
"It requires a lot of effort and if you don't have a background in math, engineering or supply chain it's not a breeze. Like, we do have people that fail," she says.
Even if she passes the certification, Porter will still need to complete a semester "in residence" at full cost if she wants to finish her graduate degree. It's part of what MIT calls the "blended" program — online and on-campus.
Getting accepted is no easy task. MIT says it expects to admit 40 students a year into the blended program.
Some top schools from around the world are on board with MIT.
There's user experience research and design from the University of Michigan; entrepreneurship from the Indian Institute of Management Bangalore; and artificial intelligence from Columbia University, among others.
Even if students don't go for a full master's, the online course work can make them more appealing to employers.
Industry leaders who say they can't find enough qualified candidates are looking for very specific skills like the ones being taught. GE, Walmart, IBM and Volvo have recognized MicroMasters and are encouraging their employees and job applicants to take these courses.
Some students who are enrolled in MIT's on-campus program wish these online courses had been available to them before spending big on their degrees.
"If this was an option, I think I would have considered it," says Veronica Stolear, a graduate student at MIT from Caracas, Venezuela. She quit her job in the oil industry to earn her master's in supply chain management. Ultimately, though, she thinks her on-campus experience will pay off.
"The in-campus program is more expensive, but you're getting also the experience of living in Boston, interacting with people from MIT that might not be in supply chain but might be in like the business school and like other types of departments," she says.
What's in it for schools: getting the best applicants
You might be wondering what MIT gets out this arrangement.
Admission officers here say they'll weigh applicants' performance in these online courses.
Anant Agarwal, an MIT professor and CEO of the online-learning platform edX that makes these online courses possible, sees it all as a way to filter the applicant pool.
"When you get applications from people all over the world, it's often a crap-shoot," he says. "You don't know the veracity of the recommendation letters or the grades. And so you're taking a bet very often."
And Agarwal says that should give MIT and other institutions a better sense of how students will perform — if they're lucky enough to get in.
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Lucasfilm
Warning: Star Wars: The Last Jedi spoilers below
Being a Star Wars fan means coming up with elaborate theories about characters and then arguing good naturedly about your theory of choice ad nauseam until the official story is revealed. Usually said reveal takes the form of a film or television show, occasionally a comic book or novel. But today is particularly weird because it is a toy that will dash a thousand Snoke theories into tiny pieces.
As first reported by ComicBook, Instagram user NewsFromJakku got their hands on a BB-8 toy that unfurls into a First Order throne room. The setup looks eerily similar to Palpatine's throne room in Return of the Jedi, with one major deviation: Snoke is huge!
BB-8 as a Superstar Destroyer playset. #Snoke throne and praetorian guard #StarWars #leak #amazon A post shared by Star Wars News (@newsfromjakku) on Aug 12, 2017 at 8:57am PDT
The first image shows Snoke in the lower left corner along with one of his elite guards. The second photo is a close-up that confirms Snoke is taller than your average human. Significantly taller. Like, could look Chewbacca dead in the eyes tall. The impressive height is slightly offset by the fact that the Supreme Leader is wearing a glorified bath robe, but still. After only seeing the supposed leader of the First Order as a giant hologram in The Force Awakens, having confirmation of Snoke's size is kind of a big deal, as it upends several theories about his origin.
Snoke is definitely not human, so there goes the theory that he's Boba Fett or the reincarnation of Emperor Palpatine*. He's not Luke Skywalker, Mace Windu, Grand Moff Tarkin, or Darth Vader. Being a non-humanoid also wipes out the idea that Rey is Snoke's daughter. The Supreme Leader isn't Darth Maul, a member of Yoda's species, or Ezra Bridger. Snoke's skull structure doesn't match that of the Pau'an or the Muun species, ruling out the Grand Inquisitor and Darth Plagueis, respectively.
*If Palpatine was making clones of himself at the Kamino facility, I suppose he didn't have to make them human.
So what's still in play? Either Snoke is an entirely new character or a shaved Wookiee. Alternately, Darth Plagueis is still a viable option as his character has not been officially introduced in the new canon. Emperor Palpatine's mentor could be of any species, and the return of Thrawn has set precedent for other Legends characters to join the fray. But wherever Snoke came from, it definitely wasn't the womb of a human woman.
President Donald Trump wants to send man back to the moon — and on to Mars.
Trump signed a policy directive Monday instructing the National Aeronautics and Space Administration to "refocus America's space program on human exploration and discovery."
The move, Trump said, "marks an important step in returning American astronauts to the moon for the first time since 1972 for long-time exploration."
"This time we will not only plant our flag and leave our footprint," he said, "we will establish a foundation for an eventual mission to Mars, and perhaps someday, to many worlds beyond."
Past presidents, including George H.W. Bush and George W. Bush, have also proposed returning to the moon and missions to Mars, Budget constraints derailed their plans.
Trump was joined at the White House by several current and former astronauts, including Buzz Aldrin, the second man to walk on the moon, and former U.S. Sen. and Apollo 17 astronaut Harrison "Jack" Schmitt, the next-to-last person on the moon.
"Today we pledge that he will not be the last, and I suspect we'll be finding other places to land in addition to the moon," Trump said.
No human has been on the moon since Apollo 17 in December 1972. Only 12 men have set foot on the moon, all have been Americans.
Under the directive, the government is also expected to work closely with other nations and private industry.
President Donald Trump is beating his war drums in hopes of rattling North Korean leader Kim Jong-un nerves to public embarrass himself by being forced to kowtow to Trump's global vision. The United States never signed a peace agreement with North Korea following the so-called police action in the 1950s, so it looks like Kim Jong-un is about to give Trump a hard lesson in the pain and death that runs rampant in a war.
What is disquieting is North Korea has had over 50 years to prepare for some US expected action. I worry that we may start seeing many coffins or body bags of US sons and daughters shipped daily home to mourning families. Also we can expect to see many wounded soldiers who will have to rebuild their own life and their family's lives.
If Trump gets the United States in a full scale war on many fronts (North Korea, Syria, ISIS, Al Quade, etc.) then does this bring back the military draft where both rich and poor American soldiers will die on a battlefield in a foreign land?
I guess I see the Trump war with North Korea already underway, so I am struggling with the thought of a new generation of my relatives being lost to this war.
White supremacist racism is shaking Charlottesville and the country. It is difficult to make sense out of such nonsense. Protesters chanted “take America back,” “you will not replace us,” and “blood and soil,” a well-known Nazi rallying cry. But they came to fight, not speak, fueled by anger and projecting their own deep anxieties onto the feared “other.”
This type of hatred is not new in America. Behind the racist slogans are historical tropes that the broader White America clings to, not just those who showed up for the “Unite the Right” protests.
Here are some. Sure slavery was awful, but that was a long time ago. We all just need to get over it. The Irish overcame indentured servitude, Other immigrant groups faced discrimination, and have successfully integrated economically and politically into America, so why can't African Americans. This is underscored with an ingrained invocation of the American Dream and the repeated mantra that if anyone just works hard enough, they will succeed.
This is an opportunity to ask deeper questions about the nature of racism.
These are the historical rationalizations of anti-Blackness.
It is easy to turn these sentiments into slogans and placards that advance a White supremacist agenda. But more damaging is articulating them in a manner fit for polite conversation, and in forms appropriate for publication in high school history texts.
Decent White people are embarrassed by the violence in Charlottesville, and many appropriately condemn their actions. But let's not be too quick to dismiss it as just episodic or aberrational.
This is an opportunity to ask deeper questions about the nature of racism, and the ongoing legacy of White supremacy as it defines the structure and institutions of America today.
What happened in Charlottesville shows how much American racism is grounded in American history. The genesis of the planned “United the Right” protest was the decision to remove a statute of Confederate general Robert E. Lee in what is now called Emancipation Park. It was renamed from Lee Park in June. But racial history goes deeper than the Civil War. Charlottesville is only a stone's throw from Thomas Jefferson's slave plantation at Monticello. It is only 140 miles northwest of Jamestown, the location of one of the earliest British colonies.
African descendants have always been a part of U.S. history.
Most initial European residents of 1600s Jamestown were Scottish and English indentured servants, committing their labor for a period of years in exchange for the costs of their voluntary passage. African descendants have always been a part of U.S. history. The arrival for Africans in Jamestown is most often dated at 1619, with the visit of a distressed Dutch slave ship.
But what is the meaning of “slavery” or notions of “Black” and “White” in a world before these labels are given legal and social construction?
After 1619, these were fluid categories. Africans joined Europeans as indentured servants also, serving for a period of time before becoming “free.” In this common status, there were numerous examples of mutual aid between common indebted laborers from different continents. It was not until 1641, in Massachusetts, that a notion of slavery was given legal status. It would take decades more for similar legal categories to be formalized in Virginia.
As the status of European male decedents evolved into new legal, economic, and social entitlements, the status of African descendants devolved into increasingly complicated institutions of chattel slavery, followed by centuries of social and economic degradation.
In terms of economic opportunity, the paths of these former common indentured servants would never cross again.
The overt racist attitudes of the South became a successful export to the North.
Slavery legally ended in 1865 with the surrender of Lee at Appomattox, Virginia, some 65 miles southwest of Charlottesville. But as historian Eric Foner famously noted, newly freed slaves were given “nothing but freedom”—no land, no access to institutionalized systems of education, and no political rights after the demise of Reconstruction and the elimination of the Freedman's Bureau. The end of the Civil War also saw the genesis of the Ku Klux Klan, a violent arm of domestic terrorism designed to politically and economically disenfranchise African Americans, an organization celebrated at the “Unite the Right rally” in Charlottesville.
The overt racist attitudes of the South became a successful export to the North. Fueled by the genocidal campaigns against Native Americans with the wars of western expansion, waves of immigrants from the “wrong” types of eastern and southern European nations, who could not claim the status of White, and the rise of America as an imperial power in the Philippines and elsewhere after the Spanish American War, most “White” Americans were unapologetically White supremacists by 1915.
And as White supremacy spread, African Americans suffered.
Institutions of slavery transformed themselves into institutions of Jim Crow segregation. And nowhere is the story of inequality more dramatically illustrated than in the history of housing discrimination and its impact of African American wealth and opportunity. Housing discrimination was grounded in discriminatory federal policies expressly denying African Americans loans to buy houses and local policies and attitudes that confined them.
This has had profound and lasting implications. The primary way wealth has been accumulated and transferred between generations in the last century has been through housing.
The historical paths of the U.S. Black experience and the White experience cannot be reasonably equated.
Access to quality housing and federally subsidized loans created the White middle class. The exclusion of African Americans from housing also marked their exclusion from the ability to accumulate wealth and live in neighborhoods with good schools, jobs, and social opportunity. Like interest, these differences compound over time. They do not diminish. As a result, the average White family today has 13 times greater average wealth than the average Black family.
The past did not go anywhere.
In contrast, the English and Scottish indentured servants in Jamestown eventually became freemen, property owners, and enfranchised citizens. While Irish immigrants faced substantial discrimination and were not initially considered White, this changed over time. Notions of Whiteness were reconstructed to include not only the Irish but southern and eastern Europeans, with all of the entitlements that status afforded.
The historical paths of the U.S. Black experience and the White experience cannot be reasonably equated. Yet, some of these contested and disembodied notions of Whiteness and its alleged supremacy stand at the center of the violence unfolding in Charlottesville.
There is a lack of political coherence, beyond fear and hatred. The riots represented an alliance between pro-Confederates and pro-Nazis, both representing anti-Blackness, anti-Semitism, anti-immigrants, basically anti-others. Clearly these forces have gathered momentum by the political space created by the Trump campaign and Trump presidency.
In Racing to Justice, john a. powell, Director of the Haas Institute for a Fair and Inclusive Society at U.C. Berkeley, describes the origins of the American psyche as that of an isolated White self, born of the twin parentage of the European Enlightenment and institutions of chattel slavery. The anxiety and self-loathing of these isolated White selves was on display in the streets of Charlottesville, projecting their hatred at their construction of the “other.”
These are dangerous trends that must be countered. The United States has witnessed significant movements for civil rights, but has never witnessed a sustained campaign of anti-racism.
More honest dialogue about the less recognized effects of White supremacy in American institutions and mythology as part of an explicitly anti-racist agenda would help draw the air out of the movements behind the violence in Charlottesville. It would put us on the path to meaningful social change and racial equity.
Today, Oath, a Verizon (NYSE, Nasdaq VZ) subsidiary announces that K. Guru Gowrappan will join the company as President and COO. Guru previously served as Global Managing Director at Alibaba Group. He will play a pivotal role in leading the company's operations and global growth strategy, as Oath enters its second year. Leveraging his experience in scaling businesses globally, Guru will work with CEO Tim Armstrong and the Oath and Verizon leadership teams to cement Oath's position as a powerhouse of trusted media and technology brands including AOL, BUILD, HuffPost, MAKERS, TechCrunch, Yahoo Mail, Yahoo News and Yahoo Sports. He will report to Armstrong.
"Oath serves a billion global consumers and the world's most important brands in the most disruptive area of the economy and adding Guru as President and COO will accelerate our clear vision into a platform for growth for years to come," said Tim Armstrong, CEO, Oath. "We have an amazing ecosystem of digital brands and platforms, the backing of the best mobile company in the world - Verizon, and a culture centered around the best external and internal talent we can work with as a company - and those strengths are only going to get stronger by adding Guru to help lead the company into the future."
"There's no other industry that can change history like ours can, and no company better poised for rapid global growth than Oath," said Gowrappan, President and COO, Oath. "Very few companies in the world have the ecosystem potential that Oath has. The content and technology across Oath and Verizon creates a huge market opportunity, and I look forward to joining the team to help the company through the next phase of global growth."
In his role as President & COO, Guru will be responsible for the day-to-day operating businesses at Oath including all of the consumer and customer brands, operations, products, and technology.
At Alibaba, Guru was the Global Managing Director focused on international expansion for key consumer and enterprise products across ecommerce, entertainment & media, payments and the entire commerce enabling stack. Previously, he was Chief Operating Officer at Quixey, a mobile startup, and prior to that he was the COO for Growth / Emerging Initiatives at Zynga. He has also held several leadership roles at Yahoo and Overture.
The streaming service never said why outright, but when the wrap-up movie was announced, Lana Wachowski hinted that it wasn't living up to expectations in terms of viewership. With the way Netflix is flooding the service with originals this year, one has to wonder if a show or movie amassing an audience and positive reception still matters.
The @sense8 finale arrives June 8! Tell your cluster. pic.twitter.com/FlDwnKzOYW — Netflix US (@netflix) April 24, 2018
MINNEAPOLIS (AP) — A court document says a doctor prescribed oxycodone for Prince under the name of the musician's friend to protect his privacy.
Prince was 57 when he was found alone and unresponsive in an elevator at his Paisley Park home on April 21.
Autopsy results showed he died from an accidental overdose of fentanyl, a synthetic drug 50 times more powerful than heroin.
According to search warrants unsealed Monday, authorities searched Paisley Park, cellphone records of Prince's associates, and Prince's emails to try to determine where he got the fentanyl that killed him.
The documents suggest Prince was struggling with prescription opioid addiction.
One affidavit says Dr. Michael Todd Schulenberg admitted he prescribed oxycodone for Prince in a Prince's associate's name “for Prince's privacy.”
A message left with Schulenberg's attorney wasn't immediately returned.
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
By Dewa Mavhinga
It was with disbelief, shared by many other Zimbabweans, that I received the news on November 21 that Robert Mugabe had resigned as president of Zimbabwe.
Before his resignation, on November 15, Major General Sibusiso B Moyo of the Zimbabwe National Army announced on state television that the military had taken control of all government functions. He said the reason was to deal with “criminal elements” around the then president Mugabe, who he said was safe and that the operation was not a “military takeover.”
These events were set in motion on November 6, when Mugabe fired vice-president Emmerson Mnangagwa from the government, apparently to pave the way for his wife, Grace, to fill the position.
The commander of the defence forces, General Constantino Chiwenga, rejected Mnangagwa's sacking in a November 13 statement, warning the ruling party to stop purges of senior officials with “liberation war credentials”, or the army would step in.
For a people who have suffered repression and other human rights violations amid a deteriorating economy under Mugabe, the news of the end to his rule was received cautiously. The uneasiness and uncertainty may be because of the perception that the military that has taken over is cut from the same cloth as Mugabe when it comes to respect for human rights.
As a Zimbabwean national, I have for many years documented the extremely partisan alignment of the security forces' leadership to Mugabe and the ruling Zanu PF party. It thus came as a surprise that, for the first time, the military leader Chiwenga publicly opposed his commander-in-chief over Mnangagwa's firing, and made good his threat to take control of the government.
The military takeover, which ended Mugabe's 37-year authoritarian rule, raises concerns for the country's future as the military itself has been deeply implicated in human rights violations against civilians over the years.
Mugabe actively encouraged the military to be partisan to help him maintain his grip on his party and government. Just like Mugabe before him, Mnangagwa, who has replaced him as president with the backing of the military, is not likely to be independent of the military.
The first post-independence overt military involvement in Zimbabwe's political affairs was during the period from 1982 to 1987. Mugabe and Zanu PF deployed a section of the army, the Fifth Brigade — a special unit trained by North Korean instructors and code named Gukurahundi (the rain that washes away the chaff) — ostensibly to quell a military mutiny in the Midlands and Matabeleland provinces. The Fifth Brigade carried out widespread abuses, including torture and unlawful killing of an estimated 20 000 people in Matabeleland and Midlands provinces.
In 1988 the Mugabe-led Zanu PF government issued Clemency Order Number 1, granting amnesty to all those involved in human rights violations committed between 1982 and 1987. The beneficiaries were mainly the army and the Central Intelligence Organisation, the state security agency.
The military also interferred in the nation's political and electoral affairs in ways that adversely affected the ability of Zimbabwean citizens to vote freely. This was particularly evident during the 2008 elections when the army supported widespread and systematic abuses, including political violence, torture and arson, targeting political opponents.
The Joint Operations Command, consisting of Mugabe and heads of the security forces, orchestrated widespread political violence throughout the country against the opposition Movement for Democratic Change (MDC). That violence resulted in the killing of more than 200 people [hrw.org], the beating and torture of 5 000 more, and the displacement of about 36 000 people.
Zanu PF-affiliated military leaders who were implicated in the violence and abuses were never held to account. As Mugabe's enforcer and right-hand man for over 37 years, Mnangagwa is unlikely to press for justice and accountability as president.
In October 2008, soldiers killed more than 200 people [hrw.org] in Chiadzwa, a village in Marange district, eastern Zimbabwe, and violently seized control of the district's diamond fields. Human Rights Watch investigations showed that the government rotated army brigades into Marange to ensure that the different brigades had an opportunity to benefit from the diamond trade.
Soldiers bullied and threatened miners and other civilians into forming syndicates so that the soldiers could control diamond mining and trade in Marange. We also found that the army committed numerous and serious human rights violations, including extrajudicial killings, beatings, torture, forced labour and child labour in Marange.
Mugabe has gone, leaving behind a tattered legacy littered with human rights abuses, but the authoritarian system he built over the years remains intact.
Will Mnangagwa do the right thing to dismantle it — and offer Zimbabwe a new beginning?
Dewa Mavhinga is southern Africa director at Human Rights Watch.
The U.S. Supreme Court upheld an administrative review system that has helped Google Inc., Apple Inc. and other companies invalidate hundreds of issued patents.
The justices, voting 7-2 on April 24, said a review board that critics call a patent "death squad" wasn't unconstitutionally wielding powers that belong to the courts.
Silicon Valley companies have used the system as a less-expensive way to ward off demands for royalties, particularly from patent owners derided as "trolls" because they don't use their patents to make products.
The ruling caused shares to drop in companies whose main source of revenue -- their patents -- are under threat from challenges. VirnetX Holding Corp., which is trying to protect almost $1 billion in damages it won against Apple, dropped as much as 12%. The patent office has said its patents are invalid in a case currently before an appeals court.
The court's ruling “will reassure, if not embolden, patent challengers,” said Christopher Bruno, a patent lawyer with Schiff Hardin. Patent owners are likely to turn their focus to asking courts to scrutinize some of the procedures used by the board, he said.
‘Public Rights'
Drugmakers, research companies and independent inventors criticized the Patent and Trademark Office system, saying it makes it harder to fend off competitors and protect their ideas from copycats. Congress set up the system in 2011.
Justice Clarence Thomas wrote the court's majority opinion, rejecting contentions that issued patents are the type of rights that must be adjudicated in the federal courts.
"The decision to grant a patent is a matter involving public rights -- specifically, the grant of a public franchise," Thomas wrote. The review system "is simply a reconsideration of that grant, and Congress has permissibly reserved the PTO's authority to conduct that reconsideration."
Chief Justice John Roberts and Justice Neil Gorsuch dissented.
Since the reviews began in 2012, more than 7,000 petitions have been filed, primarily on computer and high-tech patents.
By Greg Stohr and Susan Decker
ROME (AP) — Italy's populist 5-Star Movement says it's open to find agreement with the Democratic Party on forming a government, but that its members would have to vote on any such alliance.
The country's March 4 parliamentary election produced an inconclusive outcome. A new round of consultations on creating the next Italian government began on Tuesday.
Five-Star leader Luigi Di Maio declared all negotiations with the right-wing League dead. He said the League was "condemned to irrelevance" by refusing to break with former Premier Silvio Berlusconi's Forza Italia.
The 5-Stars, the election's single biggest vote-getter, now are looking to the center-left Democrats, who are badly divided. Some want to be in opposition, while others are open to a 5-Star deal.
Di Maio says Italians should vote again, if no deal is reached.
WATCH: The father of victims of ex-USA Gymnastic doctor Larry Nassar lunges at Larry Nassar in court after saying to judge, “I would ask you to as part of the sentencing to grant me 5 minutes in a locked room with this demon.” https://t.co/0hsKjTEOit pic.twitter.com/heqnEgxAUk — CBS This Morning ❄️ (@CBSThisMorning) February 2, 2018
Larry Nassar, who was recently sentenced to up to 175 years in court for sexually abusing female athletes over a period of decades, was back in court on Friday for sentencing in Eaton County, Michigan. This CBS News video shows Judge Janice Cunningham denying a father a heartbreaking request. In response, Randall Margraves, the father of three Nassar victims, charged at Nassar in open court.
Margraves had asked the judge, “I would ask you to as part of the sentencing to grant me 5 minutes in a locked room with this demon.” After his request was denied, he begged, “Give me one minute with that bastard.” Then in a sudden whirl, Margraves lunged across the room at Nassar. He never made it to his intended destination, as Nassar's lawyer blocked Margraves, who was tackled, restrained, and cuffed by multiple deputies.
The altercation arrived after two of Margraves' daughters, Lauren and Madison Rae, had given their victim statements. The total number of victims sits at 256 and is rising every day as more gymnasts come forward with accounts.
In this video (courtesy of Lansing State Journal‘s. Matt Mencarini), Margraves gets cuffed by law enforcement while shouting, “I want that son of a bitch!”
Some video of Margraves being handcuffed by law enforcement. pic.twitter.com/sVOar0Hhhu — Matt Mencarini (@MattMencarini) February 2, 2018
(Via CBS News & Lansing State Journal)
Police arrests Dino Melaye again
Dino Melaye, senator representing Kogi west, has been arrested at Zankli Medical Center in Abuja, TheCable has report.
Melaye landed in the hospital after he jumped out of a moving vehicle on Tuesday afternoon.
He had earlier been arrested by the police but attempted to escape.
In a statement, the police said unknown thugs blocked their vehicle while the senator was being taken to court.
The statement issued by Jimoh Moshood, police spokesman, read: “At about 12pm of today (Tuesday), Sen. Dino Melaye while in lawful custody of the Nigeria police force and being taken for arraignment in federal high court, Lokoja from Abuja, escaped from lawful custody when hoodlums and miscreants in two Toyota hilux vehicles blocked the police vehicle conveying Senator Dino Melaye around Area 1 roundabout, Abuja and in the process the senator jumped out of the police vehicle through the window and was rescued from the police men by hoodlums and miscreants to an unknown destination.
“The police team re-enforced and trailed Senator Dino Melaye to Zankli Hospital, Abuja where he was re-arrested. The senator would be arraigned in court without further delay.
“Meanwhile, one of the Toyota hilux vehicles used by the hoodlums and miscreants in aiding the escape of the senator has been recovered by the police investigation team. The inspector general of police has therefore directed a thorough investigation into the circumstances leading to the rescue and escape of Senator Dino Melaye from lawful custody.”
As of the time this report was filed, the police had not taken the senator away from the hospital because he was still being treated.
Sources at the hospital told TheCable that the security operatives had taken custody of the room he is in.
Movement is being restricted in some parts of the hospital.
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
the look Everyday Excellence Black History Month is a vital celebration of achievement in the face of adversity. But there are millions of stories that go untold.
Image Samantha Mims on the J train, heading from Brooklyn to Manhattan. Credit Andre D. Wagner for The New York Times
As a child, I learned during our shortest month about Martin and Malcolm, Harriet and Sojourner. At home and in school they told of Benjamin Banneker's almanacs, Madam C.J. Walker's hair products and subsequent wealth, George Washington Carver's peanuts, Crispus Attucks's heroism in dying first, and even what Dr. Ben Carson did with those conjoined twins.
Black History Month has taken these mortals from heroes to idols, out of both pride and desperation. The resulting highlight reel of black triumph is pure historiography, a particular formulation of the story of black America. Its chronology supports the misleading narrative that a few exceptional people and their acts are the de facto history of black America, rendering the stories of the ordinary as invisible.
Image After school in Harlem. Credit Andre D. Wagner for The New York Times
The extraordinary black person is a character much of America is comfortable confronting — from the superhero to the heroic slave , black girl magic to the trope of the Magical Negro. But what about that black woman on the train whom you find yourself staring at — the one who is not staring back at you, but knows that you're looking, out of confusion, in awe? She, like the majority of black people, leads a life seldom chronicled.
Image The photographers Jean Andre Antoine, left, and Louis Mendes. Credit Andre D. Wagner for The New York Times
Image On the go in Manhattan. Credit Andre D. Wagner for The New York Times
Image Waiting for the bus in the Bushwick neighborhood of Brooklyn. Credit Andre D. Wagner for The New York Times
Image On 125th Street in Harlem. Credit Andre D. Wagner for The New York Times
In 2014, the musician Questlove wrote an essay about this idea of “black cool,” the detached air that draws people nearer, but never close. He refers to a 2012 anthology on the same subject, “Black Cool: One Thousand Streams of Blackness,” published four years after Ebony magazine released a series of covers about men who personified it, including Barack Obama and Muhammad Ali, Billy Dee Williams and Denzel Washington, Prince and Marvin Gaye and Jay-Z.
In his essay, Questlove describes that black woman on the train, saying she “seems to be doing more than everyone else by doing so much less. Your eye is drawn to her. She acknowledges your presence by ignoring it. She is the personification of cool by annihilating your very existence.”
As Shirley Chisholm, also featured on the Black History Month Greatest Hits Compilation, put it, she was “unbought and unbossed.”
Image Union Square. Credit Andre D. Wagner for The New York Times
Image On 125th Street and Lenox Avenue in Harlem. Credit Andre D. Wagner for The New York Times
Image Waiting for the subway in Brooklyn. Credit Andre D. Wagner for The New York Times
Image On a Manhattan-bound J train. Credit Andre D. Wagner for The New York Times
Our country knows how to concern itself with these huge figures in black America — people who are long gone, or alive but well out of reach. This same America, however, has no idea what to do with the average, ordinary black American. It's those black people many hear about but never see socially, professionally, running errands, relaxing, leading. Or it's those black people you see but never speak to, because how? Or it's those black people you speak to, but never actually get to know, because why?
Image Bushwick, Brooklyn. Credit Andre D. Wagner for The New York Times
Image On Canal Street in Manhattan. Credit Andre D. Wagner for The New York Times
If your life is filled with these ordinary black people, however, you understand what the true meaning of Black History Month is. What truly pushes black America forward are all the people in between, all the people you don't see if you don't know where to look, or simply don't care. But if these circles are part of your life — either through inheritance, or by showing up and seeking them out — your entire world opens up. Every day is overwhelmingly Black History Month, because it's all around you.
It's certainly all over the internet. The comedian Nick Fraser, a Vine star turned Instagram personality, drapes himself in luxurious robes, do-rags and furs, posturing as a frivolous, opulent character. While Mr. Fraser is clearly the star, his cinematographer adds frequent commentary, often using a common word with an uncommon charge:
“Different.”
Image On 125th Street in Harlem. Credit Andre D. Wagner for The New York Times
Image A father and son spent a snowy day sledding in Brooklyn. Credit Andre D. Wagner for The New York Times
Image Outside the Whole Foods on 125th Street and Lenox Avenue. Credit Andre D. Wagner for The New York Times
This idea of black cool is a historical marker of black people, but it does not define everyone, the same way this all-star team of black heroes could never represent the genealogy of an entire race.
But “different” — yes, that may be the real thing that binds black people together, from the ones you know to the ones you've never seen or heard of. And even though we're at our loudest in February, we're here, all of us, all year round.
Image The monument to Adam Clayton Powell Jr. in Harlem. Credit Andre D. Wagner for The New York Times
Order Reprints | Today's Paper | Subscribe A version of this article appears in print on , on Page ST 4 of the New York edition with the headline: Black History Month
Sign up for the Of The Moment Newsletter Get lifestyle news from the Style, Travel and Food sections, from the latest trends to news you can use. SEE SAMPLE Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. * Required field You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times products and services. * Required field Thank you for subscribing. View all New York Times newsletters. An error has occurred. Please try again later. You are already subscribed to this email. View all New York Times newsletters. Sign Up
The company is no stranger to successful rocket landings -- they're considered routine at this point. With Falcon Heavy, however, there are challenges SpaceX just didn't have to face before. It has to separate and land the boosters in an elegant, coordinated fashion that avoids collisions and other erratic behavior. And of course, having three rockets increases the odds of failure. SpaceX has learned many lessons since it first unveiled plans for its heavy-duty rocket back in 2011, but this is a new chapter in its story. It has yet to know how well Falcon Heavy will fly in practice, and it isn't immune to problems even with years of experience under its belt.
A Wetherby woman working in California for Pixar animations has designed a cartoon tribute to her late father in a scene of the Oscar-winning animation 'Coco'.
Earlier this month the Disney Pixar production, Coco, won Best Animated Feature Film and Best Original Song in the Oscars 2018.
Scene still of Coco. (Credit: Pixar)
But behind the scenes, Wetherby-born woman, Alison Leaf, was one of the many animators who worked on the award-winning film, and included a subtle special tribute to her late father, William George Leaf, in one of the scenes.
Alison said: "Coco is set during the annual Day of the Dead celebration in Mexico, where people honour their departed by displaying photos and decorating grave sites with flowers, food and personal items.
"In the sets department at Pixar, we were tasked with decorating numerous grave stones and so it seemed to be the perfect opportunity to create a dedication to my father, William George Leaf or 'Bill', as everyone used to call him.
"Dad was a resident of Wetherby, an incredible joiner and craftsman, who had a passion for cricket which he played for over 50 years.
"Unfortunately, they don't play cricket in Mexico, so I wasn't able to decorate his grave with a cricket bat - but I was able to dress in the tools of his trade, a hammer, a hand saw and I also included a harmonica, which he loved to sit and play at home.
"His initials WGL are written with marigold petals on the top of the grave stone and I also sprinkled in a handful of leaves - a symbol which Dad carved into his furniture."
Although discreet, once pointed out, Alison's tribute (shown in the bottom left corner of the scene still) is impossible to miss.
As well as the opportunity to include an animated tribute, Pixar staff working on Coco were invited to include pictures of the loved ones they had paid tribute to in a digital 'ofrenda' - the Spanish term for the collection of objects placed on a ritual altar when a loved one dies.
Alison added: "I worked on Coco for over a year and there wasn't a day that went by without me thinking of Dad who was one of the most kind, caring and supportive fathers anyone could wish for.
"Coco is a film which celebrates the importance of family so I'm very grateful that I had the opportunity to honour my father, in this beautiful movie."
Alison's mother, Pamela said she was 'touched' to see the picture of her late husband in the ofrenda when she went to see the film with her other daughter, Helen, at Wetherby cinema.
Pamela said: "It's there forever and a day and I think it is wonderful."
Bill Leaf, as he was better known locally, died aged 65 in August last year, while playing cricket.
Pamela said: "He died playing the game he loved. We always said that he would go with his boots still on."
НТВ в социальных сетях twitter
facebook
google
vk
odnoklassniki
instagram
telegram
'); StatBanner('btw', bl); } else { show_ntv_ads(wrapperElement, bl); } } } function mailru_ads(data, el) { if(data && data.length > 0) { var ban_location = $(el).attr("ntv-loc"); var bl = parseInt(ban_location); if(bl == 3 && typeof b240_callback !== 'undefined') { try { window[b240_callback](); } catch(e) {} } StatBanner('all', bl); } } (MRGtag = window.MRGtag || []).push({ onNoAds:function(resp) { mailru_noAds(resp); }, onAdsLoaded: function(data, el){ mailru_ads(data, el); }, iframeMode: false }); function StatBanner(type, place) { if (type == 'all') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_showed" }); } if (type == 'noAds') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_mailru_error" }); } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '1') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_top" }); try { reachGoal('banner_error_top'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '2') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_btm" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_error_btm'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '3') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_type3" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_error_type3'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '4') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_type4" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_error_type4'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'ntv') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_ntv_showed" }); } if (type == 'btw') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_btw_showed" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banners_btw_showed'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'nobtw') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_btw_error" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banners_btw_error'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '1') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_top" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_top'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '2') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_btm" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_btm'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '3') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type3" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_type3'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '4') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type4" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_type4'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '1') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_top_ntv" }); } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '2') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_btm_ntv" }); } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '3') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type3_ntv" }); } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '4') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type4_ntv" }); } } $(function() { var o = document.createElement('vid' + 'eo'); if(isFInst && (!o || !o.canPlayType || !o.canPlayType('video/mp4; codecs="avc1.640029, mp4a.40.2"'))) { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "html5_media_support" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('html5_media_support'); } catch (e) {} } }); // -->
The J. Paul Getty Museum in Los Angeles is returning an ancient marble statue to Italy.
The museum announced Wednesday that the "Statue of Zeus Enthroned" is being voluntarily returned after the Italian government said it obtained a recently discovered fragment of the sculpture.
The 29-inch-high statuette is believed to date from the 1st century BC.
The museum bought the piece in 1992 from an American couple but the Los Angeles Times says ( http://lat.ms/2sAWgvn ) there's no documentation indicating it was legally exported.
At the time of purchase, the Getty's senior antiquities curator was Marion True. Italy later indicted True for conspiracy to traffic in illegal antiquities but eventually dropped the case.
However, in the past decade, the Getty has returned dozens of artworks to Italy and Greece.
With the news that the number of deaths in the UK caused by prostate cancer has overtaken breast cancer-related deaths for the first time, there has never been a better time to spread awareness about the disease.
Here, prostate cancer survivor David Kurk recounts his own story – and reiterates the point that getting tested is crucial, even if the results aren't foolproof.
LIVERPOOL, England — A linesman found himself in a tough spot when he needed to award an offside in the Champions League game between Liverpool and Roma on Tuesday.
He didn't have a flag to wave.
The German official's flag had fallen apart moments earlier and its replacement was unusable, too. So when Liverpool striker Roberto Firmino was played through on goal in the fifth minute, the linesman had to run down the touchline with a flag in one hand and a bare pole in the other.
He eventually brandished his flagpole, though it wasn't easy to see.
He was given a working flag moments later.
BEIJING (AP) — Japanese retailer Muji has been ordered by Chinese authorities to destroy a catalog with a map that Beijing complained mislabels Taiwan and omits disputed islands, joining a string of companies rebuked for commercial materials that fail to reflect China's territorial claims.
The national surveying administration complained the map showing locations of Muji stores in a furniture catalog distributed in the southwestern city of Chongqing failed to show the Diaoyu Islands. The agency said the map contained "serious errors" in regard to Taiwan, which Beijing claims as its territory, but gave no details.
The agency said Muji was ordered to recall and destroy the catalogs.
Earlier, Chinese regulators ordered hotel keeper Marriott, fashion brand Zara and other companies to overhaul websites that showed Taiwan and Hong Kong as separate countries.
Moisture content influences the taste, texture, weight, appearance, and shelf life of foodstuffs. Even a slight deviation from a defined standard can adversely impact the physical properties of a food material. For example, substances which are too dry could affect the consistency of the end product. Conversely, excess moisture may cause food material to agglomerate or become trapped in the piping systems during production. Also, the rate of microbial growth increases with total water content, possibly resulting in spoiled batches that need to be disposed of. However, water is also an inexpensive ingredient adding to the weight of the final product. Hence, obtaining an optimal analytical value for moisture is of great economic importance to a food manufacturer. For these reasons, food analysts engage in the delicate balancing of moisture and total solids to ensure consistent product quality, safety, and profitability.
Legal Requirements
International and national standards define the permitted thresholds for moisture content in commercially sold products. Regulatory bodies such as the BRC (British Retail Consortium), IFS (International Featured Standards), or GFSI (Global Food Safety Initiative) heavily influence the production, processing, and sale of foods. For food manufacturers, this translates into increased workload around quality assurance and the development of efficient and cost-effective solutions. According to the stated legal requirements, methods of analysis and procedures must be clearly described and tested. Many food producers themselves have strict criteria for measurement accuracy, reliability, and traceability to ensure the consistent quality of their products. These standard operating procedures encompass the entire measurement process, including sample volume, number of required measurements, maximum tolerable deviation, and procedures for correcting errors.
Water Properties in Food
As mentioned in chapter 6 of Food Analysis by S. Suzanne Nielsen, official methods and procedures for moisture analysis are important since the method used to determine moisture may lead to varying results for moisture content, depending on the form of the water present in food. In the simplest scenario, water retains its properties by existing “freely,” i.e. it is only surrounded by other water molecules. Free water (also known as bulk water) can be adsorbed on surface particles, held in narrow capillaries, or stored in the pore systems deep within the food material. For instance, dried fruit or meats have complex cellular structures where water is bound by adsorption to the surface or transported deep within the cells by capillary action. Adsorbed water can also become physically bound to other elements present in the food material such as proteins, or exist as chemically bound water (e.g. certain salts such as Na2SO4·10H2O). In a bound state with other molecules, water most often evaporates at a higher temperature compared to free water molecules. Consequently, physically or chemically bound water takes on varying physicochemical properties, making it very challenging for the food analyst to accurately measure the moisture content.
Technologies for Moisture Analysis
A summary of technologies used for moisture determination are listed below.
Thermogravimetric analysis (oven drying, halogen/IR drying, microwave drying, etc.)
Chemical analysis (Karl Fischer titration, calcium carbide testing)
Spectroscopic analysis (IR spectroscopy, microwave spectroscopy, proton nuclear magnetic resonance spectroscopy)
Other (e.g. gas chromatography, density determination, refractometry, etc.)
This article focuses on thermogravimetric analysis (TGA). Moisture content is derived from the loss of product weight during drying by measuring the change in mass of a sample while being heated at a controlled rate until no more change in weight is observed.
Balance and Drying Oven
The drying oven, commonly used for commercial purposes, is the established reference method for loss on drying (LoD) by TGA. In this procedure, a sample is weighed and subsequently heated to allow for the release of moisture. Following this, the sample is cooled in the desiccator before reweighing. Moisture content is calculated by the difference in wet and dry weight. In this process, measuring accuracy and the resolution of the balance are extremely important. Careful consideration must also be given to maintain identical conditions, where temperature and duration are vital for generating precise and reproducible results.
Advantages. Two important advantages gained from using a drying oven are sample throughput and flexibility in regards to sample volumes/sizes. This method also produces very precise results while being cost effective (see Table 1).
Disadvantages. This method requires extended heating periods and cooling phases, meaning it usually takes hours to produce results. Procedures are laborious and tedious, involving many manual steps. Therefore, the potential for error is high, since weighing is performed manually and in separate stages during the drying process as opposed to a moisture analyzer with an integrated precision balance which allows for the continuous and automatic recording of results. Typical pitfalls include mixing up samples, manual transcription errors or the miscalculation of weighing results. The risk of committing such errors increases with large sample volumes (see Table 1).
Moisture Analyzer
Moisture results can be obtained more rapidly using a moisture analyzer. The measurement principle does not differ from that of the thermogravimetric method. The main distinction lies with the type of heat source used: In the oven, samples are heated by convection while a moisture analyzer heats samples via the absorption of infrared energy.
Advantages. The most important advantage is the rapid measurement time, thanks to the efficient heat source. Results can be obtained within 2–10 minutes. Samples are heated quickly and evenly, and obtained measurements show good repeatability. Handling is also straightforward and the risk of error is reduced (see Table 1).
Disadvantages. All thermogravimetric methods, including the moisture analyzer, carry the risk of decomposing constituents or the loss of volatile components during heating. This results in a further decrease in weight, which is not explained by the release of water. Finally, samples can only be measured one at a time and the automation of measurements is not feasible (see Table 1).
Halogen Technology
The technology of halogen drying can measure moisture content in virtually any substance. Halogen technology uses a halogen heating device in combination with an integrated precision balance for the measurement and recording of sample weight before, during, and after the release of moisture. Thanks to its innovative heating technology, halogen moisture analyzers (HMAs) are capable of producing fast and precise measurements.
Furthermore, automated moisture determination eliminates transcription and calculation errors. Most HMAs offer a number of predefined methods, which can be stored and easily accessed via the display menu. Some manufacturers also allow users to set individual user rights to ensure that quality criteria are met. The calculated results are stored in the instruments or can be printed out or transferred to PC via USB or other interfaces.
Reference Methods
Reference methods are of much use to food manufacturers who must comply with legal requirements for the maximum or minimum amount of water present in diverse foods. Up until now, moisture content determination in a drying oven is the established reference method. Values determined by other methods must, therefore, always be referenced against the LoD method in the drying oven.
METTLER TOLEDO, as an example, has a library of validated measurement methods for over 100 food products saving users time in developing methods for different food specimens. If a substance is not included in the library, it is possible to adapt a method from a comparable food sample. For instance, Table 2 compares procedures and results for moisture analysis in ground hazelnut using a drying oven and METTLER TOLEDO HMA. Based on six measurements, the mean value of the moisture result was calculated. The results reveal that a moisture analyzer produces identical results to a drying oven. In addition, the standard deviation for both methods is comparable and very small.
Conclusions
Moisture content is a critical indicator of food quality, safety, and shelf life, thus moisture analysis serves an important quality control function in various stages of the food production chain, from raw material testing in the laboratory to incoming goods inspection. Several analytical procedures are available to measure moisture content in diverse food samples. Selecting the correct procedure for a particular sample or application is pertinent to the food industry's success since the accuracy of moisture measurements are highly dependent on the analytical method used.
Compared to the traditional drying oven, faster determination of moisture content via LoD can be achieved using alternative methods. For example, an HMA is straightforward to operate and produces reliable results in just 5-15 minutes, compared to 2-4 hours when using a drying oven. In addition, the automation of weighing measurements and calculations allows for fully compliant and reliable results.
Dr. Appoldt is head of strategic product group moisture at METTLER TOLEDO. Reach her at yvonne.appoldt@mt.com. Raihani is global lab marketing at METTLER TOLEDO. Reach her at gina.raihani@mt.com.
Explosive detonates below NYC transit hub in 'attempted terrorist attack'
The 27-year-old suspect, Akayed Ullah, was badly injured in the arm and torso from the explosion that went off in his arms, sources said.
NEW YORK (AP) — From easy-to-clean floors to a grooming room to a color palette toned for dog and cat eyes, a building rising in New York is clearly a place for pets.
But it's not an animal hospital or a doggy daycare. Rather, it's what organizers say is the nation's first domestic violence shelter custom-built for victims to keep their pets in their apartments.
Expected to open in October and house up to 100 people, it builds on a growing roster of shelters that accommodate animals so their owners won't hesitate to leave abusive homes. Organizers say it's the first specifically designed for every apartment to house people with pets.
"By doing so from the ground up, with not only humans in mind but pets in mind, it's going to allow for a fuller recovery for pets and the entire family," says Dr. Kurt Venator, chief veterinary officer of Nestle Purina PetCare Co., which is contributing supplies and expertise to the $20 million project.
The Urban Resource Institute, a shelter operator, is running the facility, financed through private donations and some government support.
Studies have documented links between domestic violence and animal cruelty and have noted some victims' reluctance to leave without their pets. Some fear their abusers will retaliate by harming the animals.
The number of pet-friendly domestic violence shelters nationwide has grown from four in 2008 to dozens in recent years. But about 97 percent of shelters still don't accept pets, according to Urban Resource Institute CEO Nathaniel Fields. (Some of them do help arrange foster care.)
URI has opened 52 pet-friendly apartments around New York City in the last four years but still got about 350 more requests than it could fulfill.
Advocates for pet-friendly shelters have faced questions about whether accommodating animals siphons focus and resources from abused people, or how people who fear for their lives can think about their pets.
But for many victims, Fields says, "it's not an either-or."
Hope Dawson adopted her dog, Coco, to cheer up her two children after they awoke to sounds of thrown objects crashing and then saw police lead her boyfriend away from their Houston home in December 2015. She soon decided to move to New York to get away from him.
She had savings and a housing voucher but couldn't find an apartment and eventually moved with her kids into a no-pets shelter. An agency agreed to board Coco for 30 days; after that, the family would have to consider giving her up. Dawson still gets emotional thinking what that would have been like for kids who had already been through a lot.
"The way she just looks and interacts with us and makes us feel so comforted and cared for, that was something that would not be able to be replaced, and we needed it so much," says Dawson, 32. "When she was reunited with us, it really did bring that light back into our situation."
URI's facilities have welcomed 118 animals in four years — cats, dogs, turtles, birds, fish, a guinea pig and a bearded dragon.
The new seven-story, 30-apartment shelter will have a shared pet-grooming room and a secluded dog park, so residents fearful of abusers finding them don't have to leave to walk dogs.
Windows won't open wide enough for cats to get out, but there may be shelves so felines can look outside. Flooring won't be too slippery or too sticky for paws. Paint won't be bright white, as some manmade white materials may appear fluorescent to cats and dogs, Venator said.
Dawson, meanwhile, moved her family into its own apartment after six months in shelter. She's working as a ride-hailing service driver, her kids are in middle school, and Coco is doing well.
"When life happens and it comes at you really hard, having a pet," she says, "really does help."
___
Online: Urban Resource Institute pet-friendly shelter program: http://urinyc.org/program/uripals/
The Stung Treng provincial government on Monday accused villagers whose homes are expected to be flooded by the Lower Sesan II dam of being secessionists after they rejected a request by authorities to set up an office at their pagoda.
Provincial authorities visited Srekor village in Sesan district on Saturday to ask about establishing the office ahead of flooding expected when the dam closes its gates next month.
Between Srekor and nearby Kbal Romeas village, about 120 families have refused to move to relocation sites prepared by the government and the dam's developers.
“The pagoda is a place for the people in Srekor village to respect their religion,” said Sut Thoeun, a villager who rejected the idea. “We think that the authorities and the company are planning to put their armed forces there to put pressure on the people living in Srekor village” to leave.
Mr. Thoeun said villagers had also been stopped by armed authorities in past weeks in an effort to intimidate them to leave.
“The people are living under threat from the authorities. We did not allow them to deploy [officials] to the village because they are always disturbing the people,” he said. “We will not leave even if the village is seriously flooded in the future.”
Deputy provincial governor Duong Pov said the goal of the office would be to continue to offer compensation to villagers.
“We are still open to them in case they agree to leave, and they can get compensation,” he said.
On September 25, Prime Minister Hun Sen is scheduled to visit the dam for its inauguration, at which point the 10 floodgates will be gradually closed throughout the day, Mr. Pov said.
At that point, villagers will no longer be eligible for compensation, he said without explaining why Kbal Romeas had not also been targeted.
Mr. Pov added that officials would move forward with plans to set up in the pagoda even though the villages had rejected it. “This would be a secessionist action if those people did not allow our working group to travel to the area, because they want to create a state within a state—against the government.”
pheap@cambodiadaily.com
© 2017, The Cambodia Daily. All rights reserved. No part of this article may be reproduced in print, electronically, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed without written permission.
Award-winning dancehall musician Stonebwoy is getting married on Friday, June 16 at the Yachal House International Church in Accra.
The musician known in his private life as Livingstone Etse Satekla will be getting hitched to his sweetheart Dr Louisa Ansong, a dentist who graduated from KNUST in 2016.
The strictly by invitation ceremony will commence at 11 am and the creme de la creme of the Ghanaian showbiz community are expected to be in attendance.
Dr Louisa Ansong graduated as the Overall Best Student (Dental Surgery) from the KNUST. She won 6 out of the 9 awards during the graduation ceremony.
Expand A wall along the border between Turkey and Syria is seen in Kilis province, Turkey. © 2018 Reuters
(Beirut) – Guards at Turkey's closed border with Syria are indiscriminately shooting at and summarily returning Syrian asylum seekers attempting to cross into Turkey, Human Rights Watch said today.
Syrians are fleeing heightened violence in Idlib to seek refuge near the Turkish border, which remains closed to all but critical medical cases. According to the UN, 247,000 Syrians were displaced to the border area between December 15, 2017 and January 15, 2018. Refugees who succeeded in crossing to Turkey, using smuggling routes, told Human Rights Watch that Turkish border guards shot at them and others while attempting to cross into Turkey. In some cases, Turkish border guards beat asylum seekers they detained and denied them medical assistance.
“Syrians fleeing to the Turkish border seeking safety and asylum are being forced back with bullets and abuse,” said Lama Fakih, deputy Middle East director at Human Rights Watch. “As fighting in Idlib and Afrin displaces thousands more, the number of Syrians trapped along the border willing to risk their lives to reach Turkey is only likely to increase.”
Human Rights Watch described its findings in a letter on January 30, 2018 to Turkey's interior minister.
Human Rights Watch spoke to 16 Syrian refugees who entered Turkey with smugglers between May and December 2017, 15 in person in Urfa and Gaziantep, in southern Turkey, and the other remotely. Thirteen said Turkish border guards shot toward them or other fleeing asylum seekers as they tried to cross while still in Syria, killing 10 people, including one child, and injuring several more. At other border crossings, witnesses told Human Rights Watch that Turkish border guards fired warning shots into the air but did not target asylum seekers directly.
Turkish border guards also abused detained asylum seekers, witnesses said. Those interviewed described different treatment at various crossing points, though treatment at each point was consistent. In seven cases, interviewees told Human Rights Watch that Turkish border guards also failed to provide apprehended asylum seekers with medical treatment when it was requested or clearly needed, and instead summarily returned them to Syria.
Twelve of the families Human Rights Watch spoke to who crossed near the Syrian internally displaced persons camp in al-Dureyya, near the city of Darkush said that upon capture, Turkish border guards placed them in a large square where they would remain until the guards had collected enough people to send back to Syria. Three families estimated that the square could fit up to a thousand people and usually had hundreds in it.
Those interviewed described their journeys across the border into Turkey as arduous and dangerous. Aside from the danger of being shot at by border guards, they described terrain littered with landmines, steep climbs, narrow paths along ravines, and valleys. They said they paid smugglers between US$300 and US$8,000 per person to reach Turkey, in many cases exhausting their resources.
Turkey has taken in about 3.5 million Syrians, hosting more refugees than any other country. Turkey has granted many of them temporary protection status, and sought to provide them with basic services, including medical care and education. However, Turkey's generous hosting of large numbers of Syrians does not absolve it of its responsibility to help those seeking protection at its borders.
While Turkey is entitled to secure its border with Syria, it is required to respect the principle of nonrefoulement, which prohibits rejecting asylum seekers at borders when that would expose them to the threat of persecution, torture, and threats to life and freedom. Turkey must also respect the right to life and bodily integrity, including the absolute prohibition on subjecting anyone to inhuman and degrading treatment.
The Turkish government should issue standard instructions to the border guards at all crossing points that lethal force must not be used against asylum seekers and no asylum seeker is to be mistreated, but should be given access to medical aid when required. It should ensure that all crossing points comply with these core legal obligations, as well as the ban on refoulement.
The escalation of hostilities in the provinces of Idlib and Afrin inside Syria, and Turkey's refusal to allow Syrian asylum seekers to cross the border, comes as some refugee host countries assert that Syria is safe for returns. Both Lebanon and Jordan have effectively closed their borders to Syrian asylum seekers as well.
In October 2017, the UN refugee agency stressed that “all parts of Syria are reported to have been affected, directly or indirectly, by one or multiple conflicts” and therefore maintained its long-standing call on all countries “not to forcibly return Syrians.”
Turkey's international partners – including the European Union, which has a migration agreement with Ankara aimed at stemming onward migration to the EU – should press Turkey to keep its borders open to refugees, provide financial support to support Turkey's refugee efforts, share responsibility by stepping up resettlement of refugees from Turkey, and refrain from returning people to Syria, Human Rights Watch said.
“Conditions in Syria are not safe for refugee returns,” Fakih said. “With hostilities in Afrin contributing to the growing displacement crisis in the country, Turkey should allow the thousands of desperate Syrians seeking refuge to cross the border.”
Since at least mid-August 2015, Turkish border guards have pushed back Syrians trying to reach Turkey. In April and May 2016, Human Rights Watch documented Turkish border guards shooting and beating Syrian asylum seekers trying to cross to Turkey, resulting in deaths and serious injuries, and sending those who managed to cross back to Syria. By November 2017, at least 330 people had died while trying to cross the border, according to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights. Turkey has also erected a wall along most of its 911-kilometer borders with Syria.
Turkey's land borders are legally protected by army border units of the Turkish Armed Forces. Gendarmerie also on duty at the borders operate under the authority of the land forces command. There are also gendarmerie stations near the borders charged with regular rural policing activities. In documenting the abuses, Human Rights Watch refers generically to border guards without specifying if they are soldiers or gendarmes since such specific information was not provided or known by many witnesses.
In December 2017, clashes between the Syrian government and non-state armed groups in Idlib escalated, with the Russian-Syrian military alliance conducting strikes to support the advancement of Syrian ground troops. According to the UN, heightened violence led 247,000 Syrians to seek refuge near the Turkish border between December 15th and January 15th. On January 20, 2018, Turkey launched an offensive in Kurdish-held Afrin in Syria.
Accounts of Shootings by Border Guards
The refugees said the shootings took place near al-Dureyya camp for internally displaced Syrians, at Turkey's border wall near the Bab al-Hawa/Cilvegözü border crossing, and near the Orontes river smuggling point.
Witnesses told Human Rights Watch of new cases of Turkish border guards opening fire at civilians trying to enter Turkey through smuggling routes. Twelve witnesses said that the guards shot directly at the groups as well as firing indiscriminately. Three witnesses said that at least three people had died with them while attempting to cross, and one family spoke of six others that died with them in one crossing. In one of these cases, they shared the names of the dead with Human Rights Watch.
One woman that attempted the crossing with her family seven times at several crossing points between September and October said that the Turkish border guards shot at them during almost every attempt:
When they [Turkish border guards] open fire, we would be hiding in the valley. They would shoot randomly. I could see the bullets spark between my feet. In one incident, a woman was hit twice in her belly, and two men carried her back to Syria. We could see the trail of blood between the bushes.
She told Human Rights Watch that the shots came from “the front.” The family had three children with them, and the woman was pregnant at the time.
A second woman described the shooting of a 13-year-old child who was attempting to cross with his mother:
We had reached the wide street that divides Syria and Turkey, and the smuggler told the child and another man to cross it. They started to walk across, and then bang, bang. They were both shot. The kid, it went straight through his stomach, and he was bleeding heavily. We dragged him back with us all the way, and he died in Syria.”
Abuse of Detainees; Lack of Medical Care
At al-Dureyya crossing, border guards hit and otherwise mistreated captured asylum seekers, Syrians interviewed said. Five asylum seekers said that they saw the border guards hit men and women, including stepping on them with military-issued boots. One witness who was captured while attempting to cross, described the treatment:
When they [the Turkish border guards] captured us, we would stay out in the cold for hours [gathered in a square] until they had collected enough groups to return us to Syria. Even when it was cold and raining, they would force us to sit silently. One time a woman asked for a drink of water, and they hit her.
Three witnesses said that as many as 1,500 people were being held in the square when they were there.
Witnesses also described mistreatment at the crossing near Bab Al-Hawa/ Cilvegözü. A young man who was captured after attempting to cross with his family said that members of the Turkish border patrol hit him on the back and shoulder with a rifle and military-issue helmet, and subjected others in the group to similar treatment.
One witness said that a man had fallen into the valley while trying to cross, and had clearly broken his hands. When the group was captured, the man asked for help, but the Turkish border guard refused to take him to a hospital. They didn't even give him painkillers, the witness said.
In a second case, a woman had given birth while attempting to cross the border. The Turkish border guards sent her and the child back to Syria without providing medical assistance.
In two cases described, it appeared that guards were trying to provide medical care, but that the efforts were too late and two refugees died. In one of the cases, a family told Human Rights Watch that a man had fallen ill at the border. The Turkish border guards had requested an ambulance, but the man died. His body was returned to Syria, with his family and the captured group.
BC-BBA--Top Ten
BASEBALL'S TOP TEN By The Associated Press AMERICAN LEAGUE G AB R H Pct. Betts Bos 48 184 52 66 .359 Brantley Cle 44 181 30 62 .343 Altuve Hou 57 233 33 78 .335 Segura Sea 52 222 38 74 .333 Simmons LAA 54 201 32 67 .333 Castellanos Det 52 209 28 68 .325 MMachado Bal 56 219 30 71 .324 JMartinez Bos 53 205 36 66 .322 Ramos TB 43 163 17 51 .313 MDuffy TB 40 161 10 50 .311 Home Runs
Trout, Los Angeles, 18; JMartinez, Boston, 18; JoRamirez, Cleveland, 17; Betts, Boston, 17; MMachado, Baltimore, 16; Gallo, Texas, 15; Judge, New York, 15; KDavis, Oakland, 13; Encarnacion, Cleveland, 13; 5 tied at 12.
Runs Batted In
JMartinez, Boston, 47; MMachado, Baltimore, 45; Haniger, Seattle, 40; JoRamirez, Cleveland, 40; Judge, New York, 40; Lowrie, Oakland, 39; Moustakas, Kansas City, 39; KDavis, Oakland, 38; Benintendi, Boston, 38; Betts, Boston, 37.
Pitching
Severino, New York, 8-1; Kluber, Cleveland, 8-2; Morton, Houston, 7-0; Porcello, Boston, 7-2; Verlander, Houston, 7-2; Happ, Toronto, 7-3; Snell, Tampa Bay, 7-3; Rodriguez, Boston, 6-1; Tanaka, New York, 6-2; 2 tied at 6-3.
General Electric Co.'s chief executive officer for Latin America was arrested in Brazil as part of a corruption probe into an alleged health-care cartel that operated for more than two decades.
Daurio Speranzini Jr. was served an arrest warrant in a sweep early Wednesday in Rio de Janeiro along with eight other people. Police are allowed to hold him for five days. Thirteen so-called preventative arrest warrants, which have no set time for release, and 44 search warrants were also issued, Brazil's Federal Police said in a statement.
GE's press office in Brazil confirmed the arrest Wednesday, but said GE is not the target of the investigations.
“The company believes that the facts will be clarified by the Justice and is available to collaborate with the authorities,” GE said in an e-mailed statement.
According to the police statement, the cartel was formed by at least 33 companies and operated between 1996 and 2017. The alleged cartel is accused of steering contracts with the state of Rio and a medical institute to members of the group, while working to disqualify competitors.
Speranzini took over as CEO of GE's Latin American operations in January 2018, according to his LinkedIn page. Prior to that, he had held various executive roles at GE Healthcare in the region and the U.S. since 2011.
By Jessica Brice and Julia Leite
JERUSALEM — U.S. Supreme Court Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg received a lifetime achievement award from a prominent Jewish organization in Israel on Wednesday.
Ginsburg cited Holocaust diarist Anne Frank among others in a speech at a ceremony in Tel Aviv that touched on her fight for women's rights and quoted from Jewish traditions and history.
Ginsburg, 85, has served on the Supreme Court since 1993. She is just the second female justice and often cites her Jewish heritage as a source for her love of learning and sensitivity to the plight of oppressed minorities.
Ginsburg quoted from a statement she gave years ago when she was asked about how her Jewish heritage fits together with her occupation as a judge.
“I am a judge, born raised and proud of being a Jew. The demand for justice, for peace, for enlightenment runs through the entirety of Jewish history and Jewish tradition,” she said. “I hope that in all the years I continue to have the good fortune to serving on the bench of the Supreme Court of the United States I will have the strength and courage to remain steadfast in service of that demand.”
The Genesis Prize Foundation pointed to Ginsburg's “groundbreaking legal work in the field of civil liberties and women's rights” when it announced the winner in November. The foundation sponsors the annual Genesis Prize — an award informally known as the Jewish Nobel.
The prize recognizes Jewish achievement and contributions to humanity. Previous recipients include former New York City Mayor Michael Bloomberg, actor Michael Douglas, violinist Itzhak Perlman and sculptor Anish Kapoor.
Actress Natalie Portman snubbed the event earlier this year saying she did not want her attendance to be seen as an endorsement of Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu.
The Genesis Prize was inaugurated in 2014 and is run in partnership between the Israeli prime minister's office, the private Genesis Prize Foundation and the chairman's office of the Jewish Agency, a non-profit group with close ties to the Israeli government. It is funded by a $100 million endowment established by the foundation.
On Thursday, Ginsburg is set to attend a screening in Jerusalem of “RBG,” a documentary about Ginsburg that adds to the cultural phenomenon created by the 2015 book, “Notorious RBG: The Life and Times of Ruth Bader Ginsburg.” The film's story traces her legal work advancing rights for women leading up to her 1993 elevation to the top court, and her role as a justice since.
Uniyal: Consumers Will Get More Value if Manufacturing Challenges are Surmounted
Managing Director, Euro Global Foods and Distilleries Limited, Mr. Manish Uniyal speaks on the nation's economy and the efforts being made by his company to add more value to consumers' demand. Raheem Akingbolu brings the excerpts:
What is your assessment of the first quarter performance of the Nigerian Economy vis-à-vis the economic recession; would you say progress has been made?
The Nigerian economy, which was severely hit in 2016 by the drop in the crude oil price and crude oil production, is beginning to show some signs of positive outlook and recovery. The economy, which officially entered into a recession in Q2 2016 following the release of the Gross Domestic Product (GDP) figures showing two consecutive quarters of GDP contraction, is showing strong signs of recovery.
The recovery seems to be coming on the back of the recent increase in crude oil price, the increase in crude oil production in Nigeria and the Central Bank of Nigeria's (CBN) continued supply of foreign exchange to both retail and corporate users. The Purchasing Managers' Index (PMI) report of the CBN shows that both the Composite PMI and the Production level in the manufacturing sector improved in March 2017.
Although the Composite PMI in March 2017 at 47.7 points was below the 50 point level (which suggests a decline in activities), it was an improvement from the month of February 2017 figure of 44.6 points.
The Index for the production level in the manufacturing sector at 50.8 points is however higher than the 50 point level (which suggests an improvement).
The monthly rates of increase in both the Composite PMI and the Production level were the second highest in two years and the highest since January 2017.
Analysts' consensus is that the inflation rate will continue to trend downward in 2017. This means that the purchasing power of Nigerians should improve and stimulate demand for both consumer and industrial goods.
The country recorded its highest level of external reserves in 16 months, US$30.30billion, on March 31, 2017.
The average external reserves in the month of March 2017 stood at US$30.2billion. The increase in the crude oil price in the international market and the increase in crude oil production in Nigeria contributed to the accretion in the external reserves.
On account of the increase in external reserves, the CBN has been able to maintain an improved supply of foreign exchange through authorised dealers (the banks) to end-users.
The expectation is that the current improvement in the macroeconomic environment and the efforts of various stakeholders to promote made-in-Nigeria goods should stimulate economic activity in the short to medium-term.
In the midst of these hurdles, what would you say are some of the key challenges confronting the manufacturing sector?
Key players in the industry had expected to see an improvement in the manufacturing sector, but that hope was dashed as economic indices showed that not much improvement was recorded in the real sector of the economy. Expectedly, major economic challenges in the sector were yet to improve despite positive steps taken by the Federal Government and its economic team to reposition the industry.
Apart from the forex challenge, the manufacturing sector also faced high lending rate, high cost of power generation and declining household consumption, which resulted in real income depletion due to surge in aggregate price index.
Beside major challenges, the sector also faced with lack of properly-trained workers. A factory is only as good as the people that run the factory. There is a lack of properly trained employees that have the management skills to manage a team and technical skills to operate machinery and build products with their hands.
Of course, there are also infrastructural issues. I can't talk about the issues facing all businesses in this region without talking about infrastructural challenges. The main issue that hinders manufacturers is the access to uninterrupted power supply.
The World Bank and International Monetary Fund have predicted that Nigeria economy will recover from recession and grow by 1.7 percent, are there indications you can point to support that claim?
In our perspective and with the numbers that we have seen coming from the World Bank and the International Monetary Fund (IMF), Nigeria's economy has recorded about one per cent real growth. “That is a bit lower than government's expectation which is about 2.2 per cent growth for 2017
Like they say in all problems there are opportunities, so what are the opportunities for growth in this moment for manufacturers like you?
Yes there are genuine opportunities as Government has embarked on an economic recovery plan and slowly shifted emphasis towards made in Nigeria. Difficulties in availability of dollars has also made importation difficult for some of the FMCG goods and hence local production is gaining momentum though this is sometimes scuttled due to lack of technical know and capability gaps.
For us the difficulties in importation has started providing business opportunities in some of the markets and product segments
It seems like Euroglobal has done pretty well despite the challenges, we have seen expansion in some of your operations, especially in the food, beverage and even the agro allied segments, so what can you say have been your strategy for growth?
Our strategy for growth is very simple. One, market expansion into untapped territories in Nigeria, we have restructured and expanded our sales team by continuous recruitment drive to cover new areas. Again, we have consistently worked on product expansion and innovation. We launched four products last year and plan to launch three new this year. We also leverage on the surplus capacities we have and workout more and more on local components. Then we take synergy from the backward integration with our group companies. Our lean structure enables us to move with alacrity and adapt changing business environment. The board of directors and top management is proactive in providing support enabling us to move fast.
How have you been able to position your company to key into the post-recession possibilities, by taking advantage of the growth opportunities likely to present itself?
If you see many companies and some in similar sector and in competition to us have had to do downsize or shut down their operation during last year's recession. They were forced to downsize their workforce in order to control cost and navigate through tough environment,
We have had no such issues as we have always been following a principle of lean structure and efficient processes to run our business. On the contrary we have been expanding into new areas and were on a recruitment drive even last year. We are quite confident as the effect of downsizing will be not there and we are nicely positioned to take early advantage of expected economic recovery
What are the ways by which you have been able to engage your customers, especially in this challenging period of rising inflation and declining disposable income?
Most of the inflation in Nigeria is due to cost push in view devaluation of Naira and over dependency on Imports. We had embarked on the philosophy of maximizing local content in our products and passing on the cost advantage to our customers. If you see our price increase has been quite less in comparison to competition. We have also leveraged on the synergy we have with back ward integration. Most of our group companies supply us Raw and packing material to the extent that our imports are now barely 15 to 20 % for the raw material
Secondly we have come out with innovative products and unique packaging. This has provided value for money proposition for customers. Take for example we were unique in introduction of Golden Choco in slim can in Malt drink category. One of our flagship brands; Power bitters has unique blend and packaging, which cannot be compared to any other brand.
Euro monitor has said that Nigeria is the 4th largest soft drink market in the world, and Euroglobal is a frontline player in that category, with a number of premium brands, what are your strategies for remaining competitive and improving on your market share?
Our strategy to remain competitive works around 3 key principles
First maximise local content and leverage on the back ward integration with our group companies for our Raw and Packing material requirement. This will counterbalance some of the negative effects of severe cost push due to Naira devaluation. Second is work on a thin and lean/efficient organisational structure. We have one of the most efficient and lean structures greatly reducing overheads. Third is to expand into new untapped territories in Nigeria by expanding workforce wherever required
Your biscuit arm has also been very innovative and competitive, especially in recent times, are there plans to ensure sustainable growth and profitability?
Yes they have been doing exceptionally well and they have been adding new products in their portfolio. They have forayed into wafers and thin crackers and quality of these is exceptionally good. They are also leveraging on the benefits of back ward integration and depend on group companies for their raw material/packing material needs
Are we likely to see a new line of product any time soon from Euroglobal to tap into the enormous opportunities in the food and beverage segment?
Like I mentioned above we are extensively working on three new products and these are going to be rolled out soon .
No doubt consumers love your product, but the challenges have always been availability. Some of them want the company to do better in the area of distribution. What is your take on that and are there plans to improve distribution?
Yes this has been one area we are investing a lot of time and energy to improve. As mentioned earlier we have been on a recruitment spree to increase our footprint in untapped areas and spread to new territories that were created last year and further have been created this year. Further we have restructured our entire sales vertical with creation of key focus area so that market penetration in existing area improves. Also in order to improve visibility of brands we have now formed a separate vertical for marketing function as earlier sales and marketing were intertwined into one.
What are your growth projection plans?
We have had an average CAGR 35 % in last two years. We believe we can grow much faster than that in 2017 and the same has been put into the targets of the team.
This post was syndicated from THISDAYLIVE. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
President Donald Trump condemned hate groups including white supremacists in remarks from the White House Monday, after receiving criticism for his initial statement on the violence in Charlottesville, Virginia, over the weekend.
"Racism is evil," said Trump, two days after a car drove into a crowd of people in the midst of violent clashes over a white nationalist rally. "And those who cause violence in its name are criminals and thugs, including the [Ku Klux Klan], neo-Nazis, white supremacists and other hate groups that are repugnant to everything we hold dear as Americans."
Trump's immediate response to the violence, which did not label the incident as an act of terrorism, nor include a denunciation of white supremacy, was met with bipartisan backlash. During remarks addressing the rally and subsequent clashes from his golf club in New Jersey Saturday, the president condemned the "egregious display of hatred, bigotry and violence on many sides."
A White House official later elaborated on Trump's comments, indicating that the president was opposed to the "hatred, bigotry and violence from all sources and all sides" and noting that "there was violence between protesters and counter-protesters."
Trump's address Monday came after a meeting with Attorney General Jeff Sessions and FBI Director Christopher Wray. He noted that, on Saturday, the Department of Justice opened a federal civil rights investigation into the incident involving the car, and addressed those who contributed to the violence in the Virginia city.
"To anyone who acted criminally in this weekend's racist violence, you will be held fully accountable," said Trump. "Justice will be delivered."
On Monday morning, Attorney General Jeff Sessions defended Trump's initial response, telling ABC News that "he explicitly condemned the kind of ideology behind these movements of Naziism, white supremacy, the KKK."
"That is his unequivocal position," said Sessions.
The attorney general further said Monday that the attack met "the definition of domestic terrorism."
The president did not use the term "terrorism" during his speech from the White House Monday.
The List: How Much Do We Cry?
Babies do it a lot. Kids do it a lot (sometimes too much, to be honest). And even us adults do it, though we often try to hide it.
We're talking about crying. It's a part of human nature. But how much and how often do we cry?
Dr. Ad Vingerhoets, of Tilburg University in The Netherlands, has found out and published his results in “The International Study on Adult Crying”.
Average number of times a woman cries each month: 5.3 times
Average number of times a man cries each month: 1.3 times
Percent who reported feeling better after crying: 52%
Percent who reported feeling the same after crying: 38%
Percent who reported feeling worse after crying: 10%
Furthermore, fully 74% say they cried at home, with just 9% in public, 7% while in transit, and 6% at work or school.
The bottom line? It's okay to cry. Go ahead and let it out. Chances are you really will feel better.
Source: statisticbrain.com/crying-statistics/
After a unique schedule that saw state-ranked No. 1 Aledo play its first four games at home, including the District 6-5 opener last week, the Bearcats will finally take to the road when district play continues at Saginaw.
Kickoff is at 7 p.m. today (Friday, Oct. 6) at Rough Rider Stadium on the campus of Saginaw High School.
Saginaw, at 0-4 (0-1 in district play), is seeking its first win of the season. The Bearcats are coming off a 56-7 victory over Chisholm Trail, but Bearcats head coach Steve Wood was not as pleased with his team's performance coming off a bye week.
“We are perfectionists, and we want to execute at a 100-percent level. We want to score on every down, and we don't want our opponent to score at all. (Against Chisholm Trail) we had too many what I would call mental breakdowns, especially offensively,” Wood said. “That kept us from being as efficient as we wanted to be. We just have to work that out. We have to coach them better; and the players have to focus better, so it is a combination of things. But I think our effort was good.”
Wood does not judge Saginaw by its record, and said the Rough Riders played a difficult non-district schedule (Burleson, Fort Worth South Hills, Keller Fossil Ridge). The Rough Riders fell 63-3 to Brewer in their 6-5A opener last week.
Saginaw is coached by Dane Johnson, the former Southlake Carroll and Texas Tech star fullback. He is in his second year as SHS head football coach.
“Dane was the head coach at Flower Mound for several years, and became a head coach at a pretty young age,” Wood said. “He has done a good job, and he is a good guy. He has been at Saginaw a couple of years and is building a program.”
For the complete advance on the Aledo/Saginaw game see today's issue of The Community News.
District 6-5A
Aledo 1-0
Boswell 1-0
Eaton 1-0
Brewer 1-0
Northwest 0-1
Ch. Trail 0-1
Azle 0-1
Saginaw 0-1
Today: Aledo at Saginaw; Eaton at Boswell; Azle at Chisholm Trail; Brewer at Northwest.
Ladycats continue 6-5A volleyball action today at Saginaw.
Hoping to maintain second place and stay within a match reach of the district leaders, the Aledo Ladycats travel to Saginaw for a 6-5A volleyball match.
Ladycats' fans need to take note on a time change. The Ladycats and Saginaw varsity match will start at 5:30 p.m. at Saginaw High School.
Aledo swept Saginaw in the first round of district play.
Aledo is coming off a sweep Tuesday at Brewer, and junior hitter Hannah Jones enjoyed a productive week with 32 kills in the Ladycats previous two matches. On Tuesday Aledo also welcomed back all-state senior hitter Sarah Haeussler, who missed two league games as she went through concussion protocol. Haeussler had 12 kills and four blocks against Brewer.
District 6-5A
Boswell 8-0
Aledo 7-1
Ch. Trail 6-2
Eaton 5-3
Northwest 3-5
Brewer 2-6
Saginaw 1-7
Azle 0-8
Today: Aledo at Saginaw; Eaton at Boswell; Azle at Chisholm Trail; Brewer at Northwest.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
Email
Data Entry Officer at Widows and Orphans Empowerment Organization (WEWE) – Akwa-Ibom
Widows and Orphans Empowerment Organization (WEWE), is recruiting to fill the position of: Data Entry Officer. The position is located in Akwa-Ibom State. Interested candidates should possess a University degree or HND in Statistics, Mathematics, Engineering or Physics or Pure Sciences or any related field of study.
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Hotnigerianjobs.com. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Residents in the 6th Congressional district gathered on Saturday in 30-degree weather to demonstrate how either versions of the GOP tax proposal leave them “out in the cold.” WFIR's Lillian Boyd has the latest.
12-11 Out in Cold WEB Wrap 1
Tuesday - Thundery showers mainly over northern and eastern Singapore in the afternoon.
Wednesday - Late morning and early afternoon thundery showers.
Clifford rules out AFL move - report 06 October 2017
David Clifford of Kerry and Derry's Conor McCluskey David Clifford of Kerry and Derry's Conor McCluskey
Kerry fans are waking up to some great news this morning with reports suggesting that David Clifford has turned down the opportunity to play in the AFL.
Instead, the minor sensation will try to break into the Kerry senior team in 2018, according to the Irish Examiner. It's believed Clifford has been on the radar of several Aussie Rules clubs after another brilliant season for the Kingdom minors which culminated in him scoring 4-4 in last month's All-Ireland final victory over Derry.
The Fossa youngster, who turns 19 in January, is said to have held talks with Kerry senior manager Eamonn Fitzmaurice, while newly-appointed U20 boss Jack O'Connor and county board chairman Tim Murphy have also played key roles in persuading him to stick with Gaelic football for the time being.
Bavaria's James has nothing to prove to Real Madrid – Zidane
Zinedine Zidane insists James Rodriguez has nothing to prove to him when the Colombian faces Real Madrid with Bayern Munich in their Champions League semi-final, first leg, on Wednesday.
James has shone at Bayern since Zidane let him leave Real on a two-year loan deal last July at the end of three often difficult seasons in Madrid.
The Colombian attacking midfielder has rediscovered his best form while playing regularly again and has the chance in Munich to show Real and Zidane what they are missing.
“James loves to play football, so of course he'll want to play well, but not to show me or prove me wrong,” said Real coach Zidane.
“I didn't want James to leave. He wanted more game time, which I can understand.
“I never had any problem with him, he just wanted to play.”
Madrid paid Monaco 75 million euros ($91.7m) for James after he finished top scorer at the 2014 World Cup in Brazil and he made an impressive start in his first season.
However, Zidane's appointment as Madrid coach in January 2016 set him back as the Frenchman gave him limited opportunities and often left him on the bench.
“The only reason he went was that he wanted to play more football,” said Zidane.
“I never had a problem with James, that was just something you journalists said.
“It's the same problem every year, there are good players who have to sit on the bench and that's sad.”
Real trail Barcelona by 15 points in La Liga and so the Champions League, which they have won in the last two seasons, is the last silverware available to them.
– ‘150 percent ready' –
Zidane said Real are relishing the challenge against Bayern as they return to the Allianz Arena, scene of a 2-1 win in the first leg of the quarter-finals last season.
They also handed Bayern a record 4-0 home defeat in the 2014 semi-finals.
“We can't shit our pants before a game like this, you have to enjoy it,” said Zidane with a grin.
“The players like matches like this, even if we know we will have to suffer to get a win here.
“This is a team which has been fighting at this level for a long time, it's in the DNA of this club.
“We'll be at 150 percent, I don't have any doubt about that.”
Real's goal-machine Cristiano Ronaldo scored five goals over both legs in last season's quarter-finals when Real beat Bayern 6-3 on aggregate.
The Germans finished both legs with 10 men.
Javi Martinez was sent off in Real's 2-1 win in Munich and Arturo Vidal also had two bookings when Bayern lost 4-2 after extra time in Madrid.
However, Real's Germany midfielder Toni Kroos, who won the 2013 Champions League title with Bayern, says the Bavarians are better than they were 12 months ago.
Under head coach Jupp Heynckes, who also steered them to the 2013 treble, Bayern wrapped up the Bundesliga title three weeks ago and are into the German Cup final.
“They won the (Bundesliga) title very early, but haven't let up,” said Kroos.
“They are very hungry. Their shape is better than last year, they are in top form and playing more like a team under Heynckes, but we are here to change that.
“This is our last chance to win a title. We are highly motivated, as we have been the whole season long in the Champions League.
“We haven't taken the easiest route this year with PSG (Paris Saint-Germain), Juventus and now Bayern, but we are on the verge of the final.”
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from The Guardian Nigeria Newspaper – Nigeria and World News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
LAST WEEKEND'S big freeze could prove a blessing in disguise for at least one Hunslet player.
The Parksiders had been due to face Bradford Bulls in a Ladbrokes Challenge Cup fourth-round tie at South Leeds Stadium two days ago, but the match was postponed due to snow and ice and will now be played on Easter Monday, April 2 (2pm).
Gary Thornton
Mufaro Mvududu, who had been expected to return from a rib injury, withdrew from the side on Friday evening, but is likely to be available when the game is restaged.
“He should be fit this week,” said Thornton, whose team are due to travel to Bradford for a Betfred League One fixture on Sunday.
“He wanted to have another week, his ribs are still sore, but it [the game being postponed] should give us chance to get some players back.”
Danny Grimshaw (groin), Niall Walker (appendix) and Brad Foster (hamstring) were all unavailable on Sunday, but could feature this week.
Hunslet now have two games to squeeze into their calendar after the league visit of Whitehaven two weeks ago was also called off.
“It is not ideal,” Thornton said. “It's looking like we will have two midweek fixtures to fit in and it'll be a short turnaround to the Cup game because we play Keighley on Good Friday.”
LONDON (AP) — The Latest on the London high-rise fire (all times local):
8:10 a.m.
Community centers in London have been overwhelmed by the number of donations flooding in for those left homeless by a high-rise apartment building fire.
So much food, clothing, shoes and other items have been coming in that the centers, churches and mosques have had to start turning away new donations. At least 12 people have been killed in the inferno at the 24-story building, with the death toll expected to rise. Dozens of others have been hospitalized.
Missing people posters have been put up throughout the north London neighborhood of North Kensington. Celebrity chef Jamie Oliver has offered free food for survivors at one of his nearby eateries.
___
7:40 a.m.
London fire investigators are painstakingly searching for more victims of an inferno that engulfed a high-rise apartment building and killed at least 12 residents.
Authorities say the death toll is expected to rise as emergency workers sift through more of the wreckage on Thursday.
The fire early Wednesday in the 24-story building in west London's North Kensington district also injured dozens, 18 of them critically, and left an unknown number missing. The cause of the blaze is under investigation, but a tenants' group had complained for years about the risk of a fire.
More than 1 million pounds ($1.27 million) has been raised to help victims of the tragedy as volunteers and charities worked through the night to find shelter and food for people who lost their homes.
Senior PA official: 'Al-Aqsa Mosque belongs to Palestinians alone, and nobody else has any right to it.'
Mahmoud Ismail, head of the “Palestinian National Commission for Education, Culture and Science,” called on UNESCO to fulfill its responsibility for the site of “Ibrahim the Holy” in Hevron, referring to what Jews call the “Cave of Machpela” or the Tomb of the Patriarchs.
In a statement, Ismail called on UNESCO and other international institutions to come out against “the forces of the occupation and its settler helpers in order to halt the acts of harm and provocation to the feelings of Muslims and tourists who honor the site and attribute holiness and great religious and historical importance to it.”
In his words, the steps taken by “occupation forces” in the old city of Hevron under the pretext of securing the “settlers” is indicative of “the racism of the occupation and its desire to uproot the Palestinian people from its land.”
Ismail also condemned the decision of Netanyahu, whom he called "the prime minister of the extreme-right in the occupied country," to allow Knesset members to "break into" the Al-Aqsa Mosque, in reference to Netanyahu's decision to allow MKs to visit the Temple Mount.
In this context, Ismail asserted that "The Al-Aqsa Mosque is a site belonging only to the Palestinians and no one else has any right to it, since it is an Islamic cultural heritage only."
The statements come after Prime Minister Netanyahu ordered a change in policy, following more than two years in which MKs were forbidden to go to the Temple Mount.
Channel 2 reported yesterday that in a letter to the Knesset speaker and the defense minister, Netanyahu announced that each MK could go up to the mount once a quarter.
Interested in Donald Trump? Add Donald Trump as an interest to stay up to date on the latest Donald Trump news, video, and analysis from ABC News. Add Interest
European businesses are unsettled as they watch the U.S. and China collide over trade. And for good reason: the nascent global trade war could represent the biggest single threat to the economic upswing that has helped the region get past its financial crisis.
In theory, some European companies could benefit, jumping into market niches if Chinese businesses are kept out of the U.S. market. But that would only be a few companies or sectors.
When your entire economy is heavily dependent on trade, an overall slowdown in global commerce caused by tit-for-tat import taxes provokes fear and undermines confidence.
And that's just what's happening in Europe. By one measure, business confidence has fallen in six of the past seven months in Germany, where exports are almost half of annual economic output.
"It's worth all our efforts to defuse this conflict, so it doesn't become a war," German Chancellor Angela Merkel said Wednesday.
The U.S. is due to put tariffs on $34 billion worth of Chinese goods on Friday. The Chinese will respond with tariffs on an equivalent value of U.S. products such as soybeans, seafood and crude oil.
Amid all this, Europe has its own trade dispute with the U.S. After the U.S. put tariffs on steel and aluminum from many allies, including the European Union, the 28-country bloc responded with import taxes on some $3.25 billion of U.S. goods. The Trump administration is also studying the option of putting tariffs on cars, which would significantly escalate the confrontation.
The head of the EU's executive, Jean-Claude Juncker, will head to Washington in late July to try to personally persuade Trump against further measures targeting Europe.
The disputes over trade threaten to spoil the good times for Europe's economy.
Growth last year was the strongest in a decade, since before the global financial crisis. While that has eased in recent quarters, the economy is still strong enough to create jobs. The number of unemployed fell by 125,000 in May, leaving unemployment in the 19 countries that use the euro at 8.4 percent, the lowest since 2008 and down from a high of 12.1 percent in 2013.
"Trade tensions stoked by U.S. President Donald Trump are clouding the economic outlook in Europe," wrote analysts at Berenberg bank in London. They rated the trade risk ahead of troubles from Italy's heavy debt load or faster than expected interest rate increases from the U.S. Federal Reserve.
Many European companies would suffer because they both produce and sell goods in the U.S. and China, the world's biggest economies.
For example, tariffs that China is expected to impose Friday on U.S.-made autos would hit German carmakers Daimler and BMW since they both make vehicles in the United States and export them to China.
Daimler has already lowered its outlook for profits, citing higher than expected costs from the new tariffs. BMW warned in a letter to Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross on Friday that tariffs would make it harder for it to sell in China the vehicles it builds at its factory in Spartanburg, South Carolina, "potentially leading to a strongly reduced export volumes and negative effects on investment and employment in the United States."
Last year, BMW exported 272,000 vehicles from the Spartanburg plant, more than half its total production. Of those, 81,000 — worth $2.37 billion — went to China. BMW says its exports reduced the U.S. trade deficit by around $1 billion.
By themselves, the tariffs that take effect Friday won't immediately have a dramatic impact on global trade. The fear is that retaliation will spiral, hitting the total amount of global commerce.
Even if the overall effect is to harm growth, there could be benefits for some European companies and sectors. Economists Alicia Garcia Herrero and Jianwei Xu at the French bank Natixis say that European makers of cars, aircraft, chemicals, computer chips and factory machinery could in theory snare market share by substituting for Chinese or American products in the two markets. But that's only if Europe's own trade dispute with the U.S. does not escalate — a big if.
Europe is waiting to see whether the Trump administration will go ahead separately with tariffs on auto imports. European companies like BMW, Daimler's Mercedes-Benz, Volkswagen's Porsche and Audi divisions, and Fiat Chrysler send $46.6 billion worth of vehicles every year to the U.S. Some 13.3 million people, or 6.1 percent of the employed population of the EU, work in the automotive sector, according to the European Automobile Manufacturers Association.
"Europe cannot win anything" on an overall basis "for one obvious reason: we are net exporters," said Garcia Herrero, chief economist for Asia Pacific at Natixis and a senior fellow at European research institute Bruegel. "But we should not understate the view that some sectors could get something out of a U.S.-China trade war."
Amid the brewing conflict, China has sought to get Europe on its side, putting on a diplomatic charm offensive during visits by Merkel and French Prime Minister Edouard Philippe. The EU and China agreed last month to deepen commercial ties and support trade rules. But the EU remains a close, longtime ally of the U.S. on a range of issues, despite the current tensions with the Trump administration.
One negative outcome for Europe, Herrero said, would be if Trump can push the Chinese into a trade agreement aimed at reducing the U.S. trade deficit. The additional U.S. goods to China could come at the expense of European competitors.
"If China concedes to the U.S. proposed agreement, the whole situation faced by the EU would be much tougher," she and Xu wrote in a research note. "For China to massively reduce its trade surplus with the U.S., it has to in some ways substitute its imports away from the EU to the U.S., which would have a significant negative impact on the EU producers."
———
Complete coverage: https://apnews.com/tag/Globaltrade
A fixture of the London landscape and soundscape, Big Ben, is falling silent for four years. The bell will cease its regular tolling while extensive repairs are made to the famous clock tower that looms over the Palace of Westminster, the home of the British Parliament.
The massive bell will mark the hour for the last time at noon on Aug. 21, and then pause for four years while the Elizabeth Tower, which houses the Great Clock and the Great Bell, aka Big Ben, is restored. A larger restoration of the Parliament buildings is likely to begin in the early 2020s, according to a Parliament website.
Quieting Big Ben's mighty bongs will help preserve the hearing of workers involved in the project.
The keeper of the Great Clock, Steve Jaggs, said in a statement that the pause "is a significant milestone in this crucial conservation project." If you're in London next Monday you may want to accept Jaggs invitation to gather in Parliament Square "to hear Big Ben's final bongs until they return in 2021." However, Big Ben will still bong for important national events such as New Year's Eve and Remembrance Sunday.
The Great Bell has chimed nearly every hour for the past 157 years. It has had previous breaks in service for maintenance and conservation in 2007, in 1983-1985 and in 1976. The 13.7-ton bell, which was forged in the 1850s, is accompanied by smaller chimes that ring out each quarter hour.
The Great Clock has a Victorian-era clockwork mechanism that triggers the bell and chimes. That mechanism and the clock's four faces will also get refurbished. That will require the faces to be covered.
To make sure Londoners don't get completely disoriented and lose track of the correct time, Jaggs says at least one clock face will remain visible. It will keep time with the aid of a modern electric motor, while the Victorian mechanism is being repaired.
TORONTO — A man accused of driving a van into pedestrians along a stretch of a busy Toronto street has been charged with 10 counts of first-degree murder.
Alek Minassian, of Richmond Hill, Ont., is also facing 13 counts of attempted murder.
The 25-year-old appeared in a packed Toronto courtroom this morning clad in a white jumpsuit and only spoke his name during the brief hearing.
Police arrested Minassian less than half an hour after the incident, which took place at 1:30 p.m. on Monday.
Foes familiar and new for Applewhite's first season
In Major Applewhite's first season, the Cougars will face foes of recent years. Among them, two prime-time outings are against the Memphis Tigers and the Navy Midshipmen.
The 2017 football season will see the return of the Bayou Bucket Classic against the Rice Owls. In total, Major Applewhite's team will leave Texas only five times. The Cougars don't play Oklahoma or Louisville, but they will prepare for their conference match-ups against teams from the Pac-12, the Big 12 and Conference USA.
The biggest out-of-conference opponents are the Arizona Wildcats and the Texas Tech Red Raiders. Both will give the Cougars a chance to show their skill against Power 5 competition.
It has been over 30 years since the Cougars faced the Arizona Wildcats, so history can do little to predict this matchup. The Wildcats are coming off a season where they only won three games behind an offense that ranked No. 67 in the NCAA. Arizona head coach Rich Rodriguez has yet to match his success from 2014, when he guided the Wildcats to the Pac-12 Championship Game.
But with the No. 15 recruiting class by Rivals behind expected starting quarterback Brandon Dawkins, the Cougars could be in for a surprise. Arizona's offensive line should improve with the addition of offensive tackle Keenan Walker and Michael Eletise, the No. 9 offensive guard. They also signed Kahi Neves, No. 14 inside linebacker, and Josh Allen, No. 9 defensive end, as a way to lay the ground work on improving their defense.
Given the recent successes for the Cougars, Arizona will see them as prep for the carousel of champions in the Pac-12 South.
Texas Tech enters 2017 following a season with opposite results in their offense and defense. The Red Raiders ranked No. 1 in total offense and No. 128 out of 128 in total defense.
This game will mark the return of Red Raiders head coach Kliff Kingsburg and defensive coordinator David Gibbs to Houston. Kingsburg was the offensive coordinator from 2008-2011 and Gibbs was the defensive coordinator 2013-2014.
The Red Raiders used the recent recruiting class to improve their defense, recruiting three defensive backs out of junior college: Octavious Morgan, No. 4 Cornerback Jaylon Lane and No. 9 safety Vaughnte Dorsey. Whether Gibbs' defense will improve in his third year will determine their season.
Tech has been a carousel of quarterbacks that lead their high scoring offense. So even with quarterback Patrick Mahomes declaring for the NFL Draft, they will continue the air-raid system.
To win this game the Cougars will need to play hard-nosed defense. The Cougars learned in their games against Oklahoma and Louisville — No. 2 and No. 3 total offenses last season — to stop the offense they should stop the quarterback.
The Cougars open conference play when they travel to Philadelphia to play the Temple Owls. As defending conference champions, they deserve absolute respect from the Cougars. Temple will need a smooth transition from Matt Rhule to Geoff Collins if they hope to preserve their No. 3 ranked defense from last season. But considering Collins' background as the Florida defensive coordinator, it seems likely.
For SMU, the Cougars will tackle this game like they did against Connecticut last season. Motivated by the embarrassing loss in 2016, the Cougars seek vengeance in 2017.
The next four games will be the hardest stretch for the Cougars. They travel to Tulsa, host Memphis and East Carolina, and then travel to South Florida.
Tulsa head coach Philip Montgomery returns a team that led the American Conference in total offense, No. 4 overall. Cougar fans still remember the nail-biting game last season.
The Memphis Tigers return an offense that put 48 points on the Cougars last year. With Riley Ferguson still quarterback, head coach Mike Norvell's team should only improve in year two. This should be one of the most exciting and nerve wracking games for the Cougars, as it has been the past two seasons.
South Florida, however, will be one of the toughest games this season. After going 11-2 last season, they received an upgrade at coaching in the form of Charlie Strong. Strong will improve the Bulls' defense from last season, which ranked No. 120.
Last season, behind AAC Player of the Year quarterback Quinton Flowers and the No. 5 rushing offense, the Bulls ranked No. 11 in total offense and should continue their dominance during Flowers' senior year.
In the last game of the season, the Cougars will face the Navy Midshipmen. Last season, their No. 4 rushing offense broke the hearts of Cougar nation. A large part of the Cougars' loss came from them not having enough time to prepare for the triple-option offense. But this season they had plenty of preparation time.
It's possible the winner could be hosting the AAC West in the championship game.
The season will kick off with an away game against the UTSA Roadrunners on September 9. The first home game is against rival Rice on September 16. Conference play will begin with an away game against reigning AAC champions Temple.
[email protected]
Walk down the aisle of your local pharmacy or grocery store and you'll be bombarded by a dizzying array of bleaching products, from gels and strips to paint-on bleach.
Cosmetic tooth bleaching is a $3.2 billion global industry, according to market analysts, and it's getting bigger fast. It's easy to see why. Strikingly white, bright smiles dominate TV and social media, and people tend to prefer the bright teeth of youth rather than those that have been yellowed by trauma or age.
But if you decide that you, too, want a brighter smile, it's hard to know where to start.
"I'm a dentist, but I'm also a consumer and I can certainly get confused by all the products," says Ruchi Sahota who practices in Fremont, Calif. A colleague of hers describes the tooth product aisle in stores as the "dental aisle of confusion," because there are so many options. "You can easily get bewildered standing there trying to figure out which option is the best," she says.
The dilemma isn't helped by regulators. Tooth whitening products don't need approval from the Food and Drug Administration before hitting the market, because the agency considers them "cosmetic," a designation that's much more lightly regulated than drugs. And, the FDA says it has not determined that any ingredients contained in currently marketed products are unsafe.
The American Dental Association does offer some guidance in choosing a bleaching product — its ADA seal of acceptance. "The seal is rooted in science," says chemist Jamie Spomer, director of the ADA's seal of acceptance program; she notes that when a manufacturer applies for the seal, an independent panel of dentists analyzes the company's data and sometimes performs studies of their own.
The seal is a "symbol that an independent panel reviewed and approved the product for its safety and effectiveness," Spomer says. Many toothpastes carry the ADA seal. So far only one over-the-counter-bleaching product does — Crest 3D White Glamorous White Whitestrips.
Even so, Sahota says many over-the-counter products that don't carry the seal can still be effective if used as directed. Most cause some tooth sensitivity during the bleaching process, but that goes away once the process is complete, she says. Depending on which product is used, bleaching can take anywhere from two to six weeks.
And, if you're not careful, Sahota says the products can leak onto the gums, causing inflammation and "extra sensitivity" to pressure, temperature and touch.
A safer but more costly option might be to buy a custom-made tray from your dentist, Sahota says. Unlike the one-size-fits-all trays sold over the counter, a dentist makes the tray "just for you" she says.
The tray hugs the teeth and ensures the gel is kept where it should be and is evenly applied. The kits cost about $400; this at-home whitening process can take up to four weeks, depending on how stained the teeth are to begin with. Generally, the trays are worn for one or two hours a day.
If you want an even faster route, you'll have to pay more. Bleaching in the dental office can run more than $1,000, but results are quick and more dramatic. Dentists use bleaching gels that rely on high concentrations of hydrogen peroxide (up to 40 percent hydrogen peroxide, compared to a 5 to 6 percent concentration in drugstore kits and a 10 to 15 percent solution in the home-kits from dentists).
So the whole process in the dentist's office can take just an hour or two to complete. And because the peroxide concentrations used there are much higher, the results can be many shades lighter than with take-home kits and over-the-counter products.
An important caveat: Insurance companies consider in-office teeth whitening "cosmetic" so the procedures are almost never covered.
Nonetheless, more Americans are opting for in-office whitening. In 2015, in-office bleaching procedures rose 29 percent over the year before, according to an American Academy of Cosmetic Dentistry survey. And there's at least a little evidence that the whiter the smile the more attractive the person – in a 2012 study both men and women said they prefer white teeth when choosing a mate.
But go to the dentist before you start bleaching, says Ada Cooper, a New York City dentist.
"Tooth discoloration can be caused by cavities and other oral problems," she says. "It's more important to maintain healthy teeth."
It's also important to note that not all stains are the same. Some are mostly on the surface of the teeth and come from consuming lots of dark colored liquids like coffee, tea and red wine, as well as foods with vibrant yellow spices like turmeric. The tar and nicotine from cigarettes are also huge culprits. Often surface stains can be diminished by routine brushing, flossing and biannual professional cleaning in the dentist's office.
Unfortunately, there are deeper stains you just can't avoid by being careful about what you eat and drink. These come with aging and years of chewing, which causes millions of tiny cracks in the outer enamel of the tooth. These cracks can fill up with stain. On top of that, the thinning enamel can allow the yellow core of the tooth to become more visible. Grinding teeth at night and brushing too hard can also weaken and thin tooth enamel. Bleaching agents can penetrate these deeper stains and turn the tooth whiter — typically two to seven shades lighter.
There are some discolorations that just can't be bleached away. Trauma to a tooth — such as a chip or break — can also permanently discolor it from the inside, and stains from ingesting the antibiotic tetracycline or large amounts of fluoride are also permanent. In these cases, the only option for whiter teeth is a crown or veneer.
All types of bleaching — whether over-the-counter, take-home kits or in the dental office — are temporary, requiring touch-ups at some point. As for homespun remedies promoted online, in social media and in magazines as being "natural whitening" agents (including charcoal, baking soda or lemon juice), the ADA says there is no evidence these methods work.
Virginia lawmakers have completed passage of a bill that would require local law enforcement officials to continue holding undocumented immigrants past their scheduled release dates until federal authorities arrive. But it seems certain to face the governor's veto. More from WFIR's Evan Jones.
02-14 Immigrant Bill Wrap1-WEB
The nation's most restrictive abortion law is headed for a showdown before a federal judge only hours after it was signed by Mississippi's governor.
U.S. District Judge Carlton Reeves late Monday scheduled arguments Tuesday morning over whether he should immediately block the law after a request by the state's only abortion clinic and a physician who works there.
Republican Gov. Phil Bryant signed House Bill 1510 on Monday, immediately banning most abortions after 15 weeks of gestation. How quickly will the effects of the law be felt in Mississippi? Dr. Sacheen Carr-Ellis of the Jackson Women's Health Organization stated in court papers that a woman 15 weeks or more pregnant is scheduled for a Tuesday afternoon abortion.
The law and responding challenge set up a confrontation sought by abortion opponents, who are hoping federal courts will ultimately prohibit abortions before a fetus is viable. Current federal law does not.
Some legal experts have said a change in the law is unlikely unless the makeup of the U.S. Supreme Court changes in a way that favors abortion opponents.
"We are saving more of the unborn than any state in America, and what better thing can we do?" Bryant said in a video his office posted on social media.
The law's only exceptions are if a fetus has health problems making it "incompatible with life" outside of the womb at full term, or if a pregnant woman's life or a "major bodily function" is threatened by pregnancy. Pregnancies resulting from rape and incest aren't exempted.
Mississippi previously tied with North Carolina for the nation's strictest abortion limits at 20 weeks. Both states count pregnancy as beginning on the first day of a woman's previous menstrual period. That means the restrictions kick in about two weeks before those of states whose 20-week bans begin at conception.
"We'll probably be sued in about half an hour," Bryant said to laughter from supporters as he signed the bill. "That'll be fine with me. It'll be worth fighting over."
Bryant's prediction was accurate. The state's only abortion clinic and one of the physicians who practice there sued in federal court within an hour, arguing the law violates other federal court rulings saying a state can't restrict abortion before a child can survive on its own outside the womb.
The Jackson Women's Health Organization, in a lawsuit handled by the Center of Reproductive Rights, argued the measure is unconstitutional and should immediately be struck down.
"Under decades of United States Supreme Court precedent, the state of Mississippi cannot ban abortion prior to viability, regardless of what exceptions are provided to the ban," the suit states.
The suit says the clinic performed 78 abortions in 2017 when the fetus was identified as being 15 weeks or older. That's out of about 2,500 abortions performed statewide, mostly at the clinic.
Carr-Ellis, in a sworn statement, says she'll have to stop providing abortions to women past the 15 week ban, or else lose her Mississippi medical license, as House Bill 1510 requires. She says women shouldn't be forced to carry their pregnancies to term against their wills or leave the state to obtain abortions.
"A woman who is pregnant should have the ability to make the decision that is best for her about the course of her pregnancy, based on her own values and goals for her life," Carr-Ellis said in the statement.
Republican legislative leaders Lt. Gov Tate Reeves and House Speaker Philip Gunn both attended Bryant's private signing ceremony
"The winners (today) are those babies that are in the womb, first and foremost," Gunn said. "Those are the ones we're trying to protect."
When asked if the state is prepared to bear the cost of a lawsuit, Gunn said, "Absolutely."
"I don't know if you can put any value on human life," Gunn said. "We are all about fighting to protect the unborn. Whatever challenges we have to take on to do that, is something we're willing to do."
Opponents, though, predicted the attempt to allow states to restrict abortion before viability would fail.
"We certainly think this bill is unconstitutional," said Katherine Klein, equality advocacy coordinator for the American Civil Liberties Union of Mississippi. "The 15-week marker has no bearing in science. It's just completely unfounded and a court has never upheld anything under the 20-week viability marker."
The bill was drafted with the assistance of conservative groups including the Mississippi Center for Public Policy and the Alliance Defending Freedom.
"We believe this law should be a model for the rest of the country," Jameson Taylor, acting president of the Mississippi Center for Public Policy, said in a statement.
Both Republican-controlled chambers passed the bill overwhelmingly in early March, by a vote of 35-14 in the Senate and 76-34 in the House.
The U.S. Senate failed to pass a 20-week abortion ban bill in January. With 60 "yes" votes required to advance, the bill failed on a 51-46 vote.
———
Follow Jeff Amy at: http://twitter.com/jeffamy . Read his work at https://www.apnews.com/search/Jeff—Amy .
'); StatBanner('btw', bl); } else { show_ntv_ads(wrapperElement, bl); } } } function mailru_ads(data, el) { if(data && data.length > 0) { var ban_location = $(el).attr("ntv-loc"); var bl = parseInt(ban_location); if(bl == 3 && typeof b240_callback !== 'undefined') { try { window[b240_callback](); } catch(e) {} } StatBanner('all', bl); } } (MRGtag = window.MRGtag || []).push({ onNoAds:function(resp) { mailru_noAds(resp); }, onAdsLoaded: function(data, el){ mailru_ads(data, el); }, iframeMode: false }); function StatBanner(type, place) { if (type == 'all') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_showed" }); } if (type == 'noAds') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_mailru_error" }); } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '1') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_top" }); try { reachGoal('banner_error_top'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '2') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_btm" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_error_btm'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '3') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_type3" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_error_type3'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '4') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_type4" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_error_type4'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'ntv') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_ntv_showed" }); } if (type == 'btw') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_btw_showed" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banners_btw_showed'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'nobtw') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_btw_error" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banners_btw_error'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '1') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_top" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_top'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '2') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_btm" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_btm'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '3') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type3" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_type3'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '4') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type4" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_type4'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '1') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_top_ntv" }); } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '2') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_btm_ntv" }); } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '3') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type3_ntv" }); } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '4') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type4_ntv" }); } } $(function() { var o = document.createElement('vid' + 'eo'); if(isFInst && (!o || !o.canPlayType || !o.canPlayType('video/mp4; codecs="avc1.640029, mp4a.40.2"'))) { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "html5_media_support" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('html5_media_support'); } catch (e) {} } }); // -->
WASHINGTON (AP) — House Speaker Paul Ryan has highlighted on Twitter a school secretary benefiting from the Republican tax overhaul, then deleted the tweet after online criticism that he is cheering an increase of $1.50 a week.
The Associated Press reported on Thursday that changes in tax withholding were sparking bigger paychecks, citing as one example Julia Ketchum of Lancaster, Pennsylvania, whose check went up $1.50 a week.
Ryan on Saturday posted a Tweet noting the secretary's increase and linking to the AP story. He has posted several other examples of worker pay increases and bonuses since the overhaul, some as much as $1,000.
Ryan's spokeswoman didn't immediately respond to a request for comment.
WHAT OTHERS ARE CLICKING ON:
Transcript for Mom listens to son's heart in organ donor recipient
If you noticed nothing else when looking at the photos of Mathieu Bergeron he can't tell me you don't notice that beaming smile. Perhaps it's because an all of them smiling right beside him his high school sweetheart Jessica wall. Probably no one knows Matthew's heart better than sheets. We got away from. Compared. That was instructed and sets. Up. Still beating strong as ever own way. It's no longer be eating and Matthews chest. Shocking. Yeah. Thank you really looking really excited where I haven't gotten along work. It may of last year a freak accident Matthew fell off that long board and hit his head he died doing what he loved. Which brings us back to that part of his. You see Matthew was an organ donor and what Marie also needed more than anything else was a strong horror of almost overnight what appeared to be cold. The cold never left was a heart condition. The former lifeguard and polo player suddenly found it hard to walk two even three. Cut indescribable. Which brings us to today. But marriage lake did everything personally. Through the organ donation group life sharing the two families brought together. No matter right Iraqis girlfriend and his mom cheaply. And so I think. Listening for the first time to Matthew's heart beating and all sorts Chet. When I was diagnosed a million years ago I knew that they calm but when the day comes it's it's just it's such it. Transformation that me. We can't express in words to families forever unite over one beating heart brunch Lonsky ten news.
This transcript has been automatically generated and may not be 100% accurate.
ALBANY, N.Y. (AP) -- Pauly Paulicap had 13 points and 13 rebounds, Rich Williams added 10 points and 11 boards and Manhattan beat Siena 51-47 on Friday night.
Zane Waterman's layup with 2:38 left gave the Jaspers (11-13, 6-6 Metro Atlantic Athletic Conference) the lead for good at 49-47. A Manhattan turnover with 15 seconds left gave the Saints (7-17, 3-8) a chance to tie or go ahead with their final possession. Paulicap blocked Ahsante Shivers' layup attempt out of bounds with 2.1 seconds left. Zavier Turner stole it from Siena's Thomas Huerter Jr. on the ensuing inbound play and added a pair of free throws to cap the scoring.
Manhattan trailed by nine points at halftime before erasing its deficit with 11 straight points to lead 42-39 just past the midpoint of the second half.
Kadeem Smithen led Siena with 18 points, Evan Fisher scored 10, and Prince Oduro had 12 rebounds to go with six points.
Reaves bolstering Vegas' fourth line with smarter play Vegas Golden Knights right wing Ryan Reaves, left, celebrates his goal with left wing Pierre-Edouard Bellemare, of France, during the third period in Game 1 of the NHL hockey Stanley Cup Finals against the Washington Capitals Monday, May 28, 2018, in Las Vegas. (AP Photo/Ross D. Franklin)
LAS VEGAS (AP) -- After his first two games with the Vegas Golden Knights in late February, there weren't many fans who were happy with Ryan Reaves.
He arrived from Pittsburgh and immediately made his presence known with six penalty minutes in a home-and-home series against Los Angeles, both losses. The Vegas faithful thought team chemistry was ruined.
''Ruin the whole team, yeah?'' Reaves joked Tuesday as Vegas prepared for Game 2 of the Stanley Cup Final against Washington. ''I apologize to Vegas.''
Vegas wasn't the only one he apologized to. Reaves immediately went to coach Gerard Gallant after those Kings games to acknowledge that while he didn't necessarily agree with the penalties, he also would not be taking silly penalties and disrupt what Gallant and general manager George McPhee worked hard to build.
''He was up front, and he took responsibility, but I said, 'Just play your game, that's why we got you, to play your game and work hard' and he's been excellent ever since,'' Gallant said Tuesday. ''He doesn't take penalties, he really doesn't.''
Reave believes it's been his on-ice intelligence and hockey IQ that has made him an effective teammate over nine seasons in St. Louis, Pittsburgh and now Vegas, where he's since become a crowd favorite.
''My fights have gone down every year,'' Reaves said. ''I only had six this year and all within the first two or three months (with Pittsburgh). I think there's always going to be physical play in this league, and as long as I can keep up and and be able to catch guys and do it in a way that's not hurting the team, then yeah, I think I got a spot here.''
Especially after scoring what may have been the biggest goals in franchise history.
In Game 5 of the Western Conference Final in his hometown of Winnipeg, Reaves scored the game-winning goal that sent the Golden Knights to the Stanley Cup Final. And in Game 1 against the Capitals on Monday, he scored the game-tying goal before linemate Tomas Nosek put the game-winner past Braden Holtby in a 6-4 victory that gave Vegas a 1-0 series lead.
Story Continues
''Playoff hockey you have to be a little smarter, you got to be a little faster, everything is kind of magnified,'' Reaves said. ''I think at this time of the year the details have to be there for sure.''
Since Reaves was re-inserted into the lineup midway through the second round of the playoffs, the fourth line has clicked more often than not.
Shedding his overly aggressive tactics, Reaves has adapted to playing Vegas' simple north-south game, while learning how to make the right decisions and build chemistry with Nosek and Pierre-Edouard Bellemare. The trio is proving it can be just as important as the Golden Knights' top line of William Karlsson, Jonathan Marchessault and Reilly Smith, and that has become extremely dangerous for teams to defend.
''I think we just try to outwork whoever we're playing against,'' Bellemare said. ''It won't maybe work this well every night, but we get the payoff from hard work. Sometimes we can't explain why suddenly everything clicks. But we are at the right spot at the right time and it worked for my wingers and me. Maybe your fourth line won't change the game every single game, but when they do it sure helps.''
And while Nosek's two goals in Game 1 against the Capitals extended his point streak to three games, he said it doesn't matter who scores or tallies points, because it's never been about individuals on the Golden Knights.
''That's what we've done the whole year, 20 guys on the ice and off the ice,'' Nosek said ''We support each other. On our (line), we just try to create some chaos in front of the net, go hard to the net and get some forecheck going, that's how we roll, and it was good last night. It doesn't matter who scored the goals either way, we are a team and victory is the most important thing.''
---
More Stanley Cup coverage: https://apnews.com/tag/StanleyCupFinals
By Siabana Kelvin
BWANA Mkubwa Member of Parliament Dr. Jonas Chanda says the Patriotic Front (PF) government will not allow any investor or rich urban elite to evict the over 5,000 residents of Old Regiment settlement in Ndola without following the due process of the Law.
Addressing hundreds of residents at Old Regiment settlement in Bwana Mkubwa Constituency yesterday, Dr Chanda said the illegal sale of Old Regiment, which had been in existence since 1963 to an oil marketing company called Inter Africa Petroleum was shrouded in corruption and secrecy.
The resident are supposed to be evicted from the settlement on September 30, 2017.
But Dr Chanda said no one would be evicted from old regiment because people had been living in the place for more than half a century and is the only area they knew as their home.
“In the case of this oil marketing company, I want to warn them and everyone to know that oil is not thicker than blood People are more important than petroleum,” Dr Chanda said.
The parliamentarian emphasised that no one would be displaced from the land they had occupied and developed for many years without a social survey being conducted.
Dr Chanda said the social survey would enable settlers to say how much they wanted to be compensated before they could be moved and compensation for the affected people should be agreed upon by both parties.
He has further called on Ndola City Council to legalise the informal settlements that have been in existence for so many years including Old Regiment, McKenzie commonly known as Makense, Kantolomba, Kaloko, Mwenye and Chichele.
Legalisation would mean re-planning and redesigning of these settlements in line with the PF Manifesto which talks about upgrading of informal settlements,” Dr Chanda said.
Dr Chanda has also warned gullible companies who wanted to buy the land occupied by settlers to read the laws of the land and consult government to avoid being swindled by corrupt officials.
The MP told the residents that anyone who wanted to displace them illegally should be reported to the police so that they could be arrested and prosecuted immediately.
DURHAM, N.C. — Raashean Davis matched his career-high with 23 points and grabbed 10 rebounds to lead North Carolina Central to a 72-61 Mid-Eastern Athletic Conference victory over Delaware State Saturday, keeping the Hornets winless in conference play.
Raekwon Harney scored at the basket in the final minute of the first half to give NC Central a 40-34 lead, but Artem Tavakalyan hit a 3 with :38 left to send Delaware State into intermission trailing by just three, 40-37.
Zacarry Douglas' layup with 15:56 left in the game sparked an 8-0 run by the Eagles to go up by double digits, 54-44.
Reginald Gardner Jr. and Pablo Rivas scored 13 and 12 points, respectively, for NC Central (11-10, 5-2) and Jordan Perkins added 10 points, seven boards and six assists.
Jonathan Walker scored 19 points for Delaware State (2-21, 0-8). Tavakalyan added 17 points and Marquis Collins contributed 15.
The National Hurricane Center (NHC) reported Tropical Storm Nate was back over the Caribbean Sea and headed the southern Gulf of Mexico in a hurry early Friday morning.
At 7 a.m., the storm was located at 17.8 North, 84.8 West, or about 115 miles northeast of Isla Guanaja, Honduras and about 230 miles south-southeast of Cozumel, Mexico. The storm was moving north-northwest at 14 mph and maximum sustained winds were 45 mph.
The NHC added an Air Force Reserve and NOAA Hurricane Hunter aircraft were investigating Nate over the northwestern Caribbean Sea when the 7 a.m. advisory was issued.
Nate is expected to significantly speed up in the next couple of days. Strengthening is likely as the storm's eye moves over the Caribbean Sea Thursday night. Nate could be a hurricane by the time it reaches the Yucatan Peninsula.
#Nate back over water with 45 mph winds. A bit of an eastward trend in the guidance overnight led to a slight eastward shift in track. #LAwx pic.twitter.com/nOOoXvdU3W — Steve Caparotta (@SteveWAFB) October 6, 2017
Some areas of St. Bernard Parish not protected by the levee system are currently under a mandatory evacuation. Also, Grand Isle is currently under a voluntary evacuation. At this time, no evacuation orders have been issued in the Baton Rouge area.
WATCHES AND WARNINGS:
Tropical Storm Warning Punta Castilla, Honduras to the Honduras/Nicaragua border Punta Herrero to Rio Lagartos, Mexico
Storm Surge Watch Morgan City Louisiana to the Alabama/Florida border Northern and western shores of Lake Pontchartrain
Hurricane Watch Morgan City Louisiana to the Mississippi/Alabama border Metropolitan New Orleans Lake Pontchartrain and Lake Maurepas Punta Herrero to Rio Lagartos, Mexico
Tropical Storm Watch Mississippi/Alabama border to the Okaloosa/Walton County Line West of Morgan City to Intracoastal City, Louisiana
Gov. John Bel Edwards met with state officials Thursday afternoon to discuss preparations for possible impacts to Louisiana from Tropical Storm Nate.
Copyright 2017 WAFB. All rights reserved.
LOS ANGELES (CBS Local) – Live Nation is kicking off the summer season by offering music lovers a big discount on tickets to thousands of live events.
The events promoter is celebrating the start of National Concert Week with $20 “all-in” tickets to over 2,000 of the company's tour of summer concerts. The deal starts on April 30 and runs through May 8 on Live Nation's website.
SAVE THE DATE: National Concert Week is almost here! To celebrate summer concert season, Live Nation is offering $20 all-in tickets to +1,500 shows from April 30 – May 8! https://t.co/oTfUUapt4J pic.twitter.com/jxMs8QzDYc — Live Nation (@LiveNation) April 23, 2018
According to a press release, the National Concert Week promotion will offer over 1.5 million tickets to live performances for “Comedy, Country, Hip-Hop, Latin, Metal, Rock, Pop and more.”
“National Concert Week is a time for artists and fans to celebrate their love of live music,” the company added.
During the special ticket offer, fans can cash in on live performances featuring dozens of stars including Alan Jackson, Bon Jovi, Kevin Hart, Keith Urban, Shakira, and many more. A full list of the shows fans can buy tickets for is available at livenation.com.
MEXICO CITY — Authorities in the central Mexican state of San Luis Potosi say they have found the body of a journalist abducted a day earlier by armed men.
State prosecutor's office spokesman Ivan Ojeda says the body of photographer Edgar Daniel Esqueda Castro was found Friday near a San Luis Potosi airport.
On Thursday, the prosecutor's office denied that its agents had taken Esqueda from his home. The armed men were allegedly dressed as police.
Ojeda said that the office is pursuing multiple lines of investigation.
The New York-based Committee to Protect Journalists says that the freelance journalist covered crime and society, contributing to local news sites Metropoli San Luis and Vox Populi.
At least eight journalists had already been killed this year in Mexico.
Indiana Jones punches a Nazi square in the face.
Indiana Take that, ya Nazi!
Modern Day Centrist, Doug Wow, so much for the "tolerant left."
Indiana Huh?
Modern Day Centrist, Doug So now you just go around PUNCHING NAZIS? You don't see why that's a problem?
Indiana No. Not really. They're Nazis.
Modern Day Centrist, Doug Oh, so someone has different beliefs than you justifies ASSAULT? You think you can use violence to stomp on others' freedom of speech. Who's the REAL fascist in that situation?
Indiana Probably still the Nazi.
Modern Day Centrist, Doug You can't just call everyone you disagree with a "Nazi," Indy.
Indiana This guy is literally a Nazi. He's wearing a swastika.
Modern Day Centrist, Doug If you REALLY love America, you should be DEFENDING this guy's right to freedom of speech. You should be CELEBRATING it. Even if you disagree with what he says, you should respect his right to say it.
Indiana What he's saying is "kill them," referring to me and Marion. And shooting at us. Because he's a Nazi.
Modern Day Centrist, Doug Yeah, only because YOU were being violent to HIM. You can't act surprised when he responds to your thuggish violent ways with violence of his own.
Indiana He's a Nazi. Their entire ethos is the elimination of specific minorities in the name of white supremacy. That they'll use violence to achieve these ends goes without saying.
Modern Day Centrist, Doug The point is that there's violence on BOTH sides. If you think you're so great, be the bigger person and shake their hand and have a conversation with them.
Indiana He's shouting slurs at me and saying he's going to murder me. I don't think he's going to have a civil discussion.
Modern Day Centrist, Doug Violence is what people resort to when they're out of ideas. It doesn't SOLVE anything - it just shows everyone else you have no argument to make. They haven't become famous yet, but ever hear of Mahatma Gandhi and the Reverend Martin Luther King Jr.? They'll preach nonviolence to solve imperial and racist issues plaguing their people.
Indiana They're calling for the mass extermination of millions of people and have already killed plenty. Also they threw me in a pit and filled it with snakes. This is not a situation where passive resistance is going to do anything.
Modern Day Centrist, Doug It's a slippery slope - if PUNCHING a Nazi is okay, what ELSE is okay?
Indiana There's a difference between what's right and what's legal. Punching Nazis will make them feel less safe about publicly espousing their ideas and keep them from becoming normalized. Also I really need to stop them from using the Ark of the Covenant to conquer the world.
Modern Day Centrist, Doug Indiana, your violent tactics are only going to make things worse. Admit that punching Nazis is OBJECTIVELY wrong!
Indiana Okay, ya know what? Let's compromise - I won't punch any more Nazis.
Anaheim Ducks forward Antoine Vermette was ejected from his team's road game against the Minnesota Wild on Tuesday for abuse of an official.
Vermette slashed at the leg of linesman Shandor Alphonso after losing a faceoff with 7:33 of the third period to earn a 10-minute penalty for game misconduct.
In addition to the ejection, Vermette could face further discipline.
Per the NHL's Rule 40.3, deliberately applying physical force to an official in any manner comes with an automatic 10-game suspension.
Calgary Flames defenseman Dennis Wideman was suspended 20 games for abuse of an official last season, after cross-checking a ref on his way back to the bench. Wideman's suspension was later reduced to 10 games through an appeal.
The Ducks won Tuesday night's game 1-0.
In his first season with the Ducks, Vermette has eight goals and 14 points in 57 games.
Share This Video Facebook Twitter EMAIL
Ask any hip-hop or comedy heads of a certain age who their top five emcees in rap are, and eventually, you're going to get a quote from comedian Dave Chappelle's Comedy Central sketch show:
“Dylan, Dylan, Dylan, Dylan, and Dyan!”
Chappelle, whose star-studded New York Radio City Music Hall shows are rapidly becoming a thing of legend, met up with the Grenadan rapper at the House of Vans in New York City on Friday night, and the moment was captured forever on Dylan's Instagram, with the pair quoting from the beloved sketch, right down to the “Spit hot fiya!”
Chappelle's famous friendships always make for entertaining TV or insightful interviews, but this moment is one fans have been waiting for since the comedian famously lampooned MTV's Making The Band, playing a tyrannical parody of both Da Band's domineering executive producer, P. Diddy, and its most bombastic member, Dylan Dili.
In the sketch, Chappelle, as Dylan, asks, “Who are the five best rappers of all time?” before giving himself credit for all five spots. The rapper himself had no hard feelings about the parody, and Chappelle credited him in the Instagram video for making Dave famous. Dave also took time at the end of the video to help Dylan plug his new album. Check it out below:
Computing was so popular for women in the 1960s that it was the subject of a 1967 article in Cosmopolitan — in which the magazine alerted women readers to the financial benefits of “a whole new kind of work for women.” “Women are ‘naturals' at computer programming,” Hopper told Cosmo. By the 1980s, when the Macintosh was unveiled, women were receiving almost 40 percent of computer science degrees.
But then, to use the parlance of Silicon Valley, there was a pivot. “Just as computers began to head into the mainstream,” Chang writes, “women's participation in the field started to plummet.” Today women earn just 22 percent of computer science degrees — a number that has remained flat for a decade.
So, what's keeping women out? It isn't just overt sexism, Chang explains. Rather, it's the kind of subtleties — the microaggressions — that are hard to pinpoint and often even harder to call out. The lack of role models; or the perception of socially awkward “nerds” as the ideal tech entrepreneurs. The fact that women's ideas are more harshly scrutinized, or that female engineers face 35 percent more rejections, as one data set found, of their code. It's a well-known venture capitalist, Chris Sacca, holding hot tub parties as a sort of litmus test to determine whether entrepreneurs an investor might fund could really “hang.” (The idea that a woman might not want to hang with a male investor in a hot tub seemed not to have occurred to him.)
Photo
It's also women's confidence. “Impostor Syndrome” is a term coined by two psychologists in the 1970s to describe a fraudlike feeling that you are undeserving of your success. It affects women and minority groups disproportionately. And yet, in the Wild West of the dot-com world, where companies are worth what investors believe they're worth and an idea is only as good as your ability to sell it, “success almost requires” a willingness to be an impostor, she writes.
To read this book in 2018, in the midst of a vast cultural reckoning around sexual harassment, is to be reminded of just how accepted this boys' club has long been. “Writing this book has been like going on a trek through a minefield,” Chang writes. “Not a month has gone by without some major revelation about discrimination or harassment in the tech industry exploding in the press.”
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Which brings us to “Chapter Nine: Silicon Valley's Second Chance” — which appears to be now. “The exclusion of women didn't have to be the story of how we got here, and it certainly doesn't need to be our future,” Chang writes.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
Indeed, she points out, research has long found that companies with more women in leadership are more profitable — and also that their employees are more innovative, diligent and creative. “I think there would be two enormous differences,” the longtime investor Roger McNamee told her, when she asked him to imagine a world where women held half the jobs in Silicon Valley. “I think Silicon Valley would be wildly more profitable. I think there would be a significant reduction in the number of absolute failures.”
But how do we get there? That's the question with the billion-dollar valuation.
She notes that Europe has begun to mandate gender parity in businesses by way of quotas. She describes efforts by a variety of companies to check for equal pay and to change their recruiting practices. She advises being nice. Appointing women to boards. Hiring more women partners. Hiring more female venture capitalists. And, of course, to stop blaming everybody else for the problem.
Silicon Valley has long celebrated failure as a way station to success. And yet it has failed women repeatedly, with little recognition or progress made — or even an attempt to learn from past mistakes. In Chang's words, “it's time for the industry to own it.”
LEWISPORTE, N.L. — The small Newfoundland town of Lewisporte has said goodbye to the second of two refugee families sponsored by the community.
Both families moved to Windsor, Ont., in search of better job security, proximity to family and friends, and a larger community of Arabic speakers.
In 2015, community members in Lewisporte banded together to sponsor one family from Iraq and one from Syria through the blended visa office-referred program, holding fundraisers and taking donations to bring them to Canada.
Community efforts in central Newfoundland's small towns have brought several refugees families to the area since 2015, with the town of Gander bringing five families so far, but the province has the lowest refugee retention rate in the country.
Kerri Neil, who co-authored a report out of Memorial University looking at best practices to integrate refugees and encourage them to stay in the province, says refugees moving out of small communities are motivated by many of the same economic factors as other Newfoundlanders.
The Lewisporte Refugee Outreach Committee has officially dissolved, but committee member Carolyn Parsons says it may be easier for newcomers to intergate in the future with the province's investment in four satellite resettlement centres for new Canadians that opened in rural areas over the past year.
Resident in Shock as Farmer Commits Suicide After Killing His Wife For Failing To Cook His Favourite Meal
A young man identified as Emmanuel Awugye, who allegedly killed his 32-year-old wife, Ama Baduwaa, has reportedly committed suicide by hanging at Awugyekrom near Adansi Fumso in the Ashanti region of Ghana on Monday morning. According to Adom Online, Ibrahim Abu, an uncle of the 35-year-old farmer, who disclosed the incident, said the body of […]
The post Resident in Shock as Farmer Commits Suicide After Killing His Wife For Failing To Cook His Favourite Meal appeared first on Timeofgist.
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Timeofgist. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
(WFLA) — There are many reasons women lose their hair, cancer, thyroid problems, or stress are just a few of the issues. Whatever is triggering it, watching your hair fall out or thin can be very traumatic.
“It's terrifying you're in the shower and there are handfuls of hair,” said Cyndi Kelly, who drives all the way from Orlando to Hair Therapy For Women in Tampa.
Owner Bobbi Russell, is a trichologist, an expert in deal with diseases of the hair and scalp. “Many times hair loss doesn't have to be permanent, it can grow back, so we work with women while they're dealing with health issues so they can stay confident and face the day,” said Russell.
Russell created a hair replacement piece called “Revive”. The patent-pending hairpiece rests on the head. It doesn't pull out remaining hair, or require women to shave their heads, all while allowing real hair to grow back during medical treatments.
“She's totally turned my life around,” said Kelly, who will wear Revive while dealing with advanced Thyroid issues. The hope is her hair will grow back to its original state.
From women dealing with cancer to a myriad of other reasons, having an alternative gives piece of mind. “When a woman loses her hair her self-esteem goes way down,” said Saundra Batty, a Hair Therapy for Women client.
Bonnie Lambert, who went through several surgeries and health hurdles, was lucky enough to have her hair grow back, but was thankful to have something to lean on during that time. “You have your days where you really want to feel normal – and go out there and you walk by the mirror and it's an immediate reminder that you're not feeling well – so to be able to have your hair, there's nothing that can compare to that,” said Lambert.
In addition to health-related causes of hair loss, popular styling practices like tight braids, over-bleaching, dying or improper extension use can damage hair.
MACKINAW CITY, Mich. (AP) — Officials say underwater photos show two electric cables were severed in what Michigan's attorney general says was a tugboat anchor strike in the waterway that connects Lake Huron and Lake Michigan.
An investigative team led by the U.S. Coast Guard said Tuesday a remotely controlled vehicle had obtained images of the damage site beneath the Straits of Mackinac. The two severed cables were among six owned by American Transmission Co. that are stretched along the lake floor.
Officials said with the visual assessment finished, the company and its contractors plan to cap the ends of the damaged cables to prevent more pollution. About 600 gallons (2,270 liters) of mineral oil insulation fluid spilled into the water when the cables were struck April 1.
Crews have removed about 590 gallons (2,230 liters) that didn't leak.
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
FG Okays Completion Of Baro River Port
By Jonathan Nda- Isaiah
The Federal government has approved the completion of Baro River Port in Niger State.
This was disclosed by the minister of transportation, Rotimi Ameachi after the Federal executive council meeting presided over by acting President, Yemi Osinbajo at the Presidential Villa yesterday.
He was joined at the briefing by Minister of information, Lai Mohammed, Finance minister, Kemi Adesoun and Minister of power works and Housing, Babatunde Fashola.
According to Amaechi,the cost is not more than N500million as there are just completion equipment.
“We got an approval for the completion of Baro River Port, the council deliberated on three major contract that will assist us in the completion which is the purchase of forklifts. We hope that in the next four to six months we should be able to complete the Baro River Port.”
“The minister of works was also directed to look at the roads leading to the River Port while on the other side we will look at the revival of the narrow gauge to the Port”,he said.
When asked why the acting President has not sworn in the two new ministers, Information minister said “Am not sure whether we've had the communication from National Assembly. But what I'd do is that I'd probably ask from the acting president or the liaison officer then I'd come and give the feed back.
LEADERSHIP recalls that Senate has screened and confirmed Stephen Ocheni and Suleiman Hassan as ministers, following their nominations by President Muhammadu Buhari in March.
Ocheni is from Kogi State which has not had anyone in the Federal Executive Council, as constitutionally required, since the death of James Ocholi in an accident last year.
Hassan, Gombe State, is to replace Amina Mohammed who left Nigeria's public service to take up top responsibility at the United Nations.
On her part, Finance Minister said the council approved and permission was granted to sign a multilateral convention to implement tax treaty related matters to prevent us prevent base erosion and profit shifting.
She explained that the administration is very focused on revenue generation and mobilisation and part of that work is to improve our tax collection.
She added:One of the means by which major companies evade is a practice called base erosion and profit shifting which means that the profit that was made in Nigeria using accounting methods shift it to acountry that has little or no tax.
“So really the country in which profit was generated doesn't get tax, they go and declare those profits in a country that has very low tax.There is a contact among the G20 countries and the OECD to end this
and Nigeria was part of those who negotiated this convention and todaycouncil gave us permission to go and sign the conventions.”
The post FG Okays Completion Of Baro River Port appeared first on leadership.ng.
This post was syndicated from leadership.ng. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
What would you buy if you had £100 to spend online at Amazon.co.uk?
To celebrate the launch of its new Amazon Prime tariff, E.ON is offering our readers the chance to win one of five Amazon.co.uk Gift Cards, worth £100.
These can be spent on a range of eligible products on Amazon's website.
As well as fixing gas and electricity prices for a year, the new energy tariff comes with 12 months of Amazon Prime membership included.
Amazon Prime gives members unlimited access to one-day delivery on millions of eligible items, as well as access to a wide range of movies and TV shows, music, e-books and much more.
For your chance to win a £100 Amazon.co.uk Gift Card, and to find out more about E.ON's new "movies, music and energy" tariff, visit their website here.
Terms and Conditions apply.
MONTGOMERY, Ala. — The Latest on the hotly contested race in Alabama for U.S. Senate (all times local):
10:53 a.m.
Alabama Sen. Richard Shelby says he decided to cast a write-in ballot in the state's upcoming Senate election because of allegations that GOP nominee Roy Moore molested a girl when she was 14.
Shelby told CNN in an interview Sunday that the accusation was the “tipping point” in his decision not to vote for Moore. He says he wrote in the name of a “distinguished” Republican instead.
Shelby previously announced his refusal to vote for Moore, but he explained it during the interview.
Shelby says he had to vote Republican as a party officeholder, but he was swayed by a woman's claims that Moore sexually assaulted her when she was 14. Shelby says when there's so much smoke, there's “got to be fire somewhere.”
——
Most statewide Republican officeholders in Alabama say they're voting for Roy Moore for U.S. Senate.
Alabama Gov. Kay Ivey says she intends to vote for the embattled Moore, as do the state attorney general, auditor, secretary of state, agriculture commissioner and public service commission president. State Treasurer Young Boozer couldn't be reached for comment.
But the state's senior U.S. senator didn't vote for Moore. Sen. Richard Shelby says he instead wrote in the name of another Republican when he voted by absentee ballot.
Moore is fighting for his political life following allegations that he molested young women and tried to date teen girls decades ago while in his 30s. He has denied the allegations. Polls show him in a tight race with Democrat Doug Jones.
A lobster roll restaurant in Annapolis will open a location in Rehoboth Beach this spring.
The Rehoboth Foodie website reported the Mason's Famous Lobster Rolls will open a location at 67 Rehoboth Avenue, the site of a former candy and treats store near the boardwalk. Mason's Facebook page also announced the location will open in the spring.
Mason's has earned high marks from diners, ranking No. 11 among restaurants in Annapolis from TripAdvisor.
The menu has lobster roll offerings starting at $14, a few dollars below the going rate.
Founder Dan Beck opened the Annapolis location in 2014 and is now franchising the concept. He has operated restaurants during his career and owned a seafood distributor.
The popularity of the New England offering has soared in recent years, thanks to cable food shows and an interest in regional cuisine.
While variations are many, the roll, in its simplest form, consists of lobster soaked in butter and served on a steamed hot dog bun.
The most prominent chain is Luke's Lobster, which got its start in New York City and now has locations in several large cities in the U.S. and in Japan.
Rehoboth has emerged as a popular location for restaurants seeking additional locations, due to a growing year-round population and a tourist season that runs well beyond Labor Day.
Two killed in Lagos cult clash
Two persons were killed yesterday in a cult clash at Olayiwola area of Oworonshoki, Lagos State. This happened just as police arrested two robbery suspects who disguised as commercial bus operators at Isheri area of the state.
The Oworonshoki cult war has continued unabated since April, with at least six persons reportedly killed by suspected cultists.
Although the names of the deceased were unknown, the spokesman of the state police command, Olarinde Famous-Cole, an Assistant Superintendent of Police (ASP), said their bodies have been evacuated and deposited at a mortuary.
According to some residents, the police in the area did not come to prevent the killing until the lives of two persons were sniffed out and several others injured. They only showed up to evacuate the bodies of the deceased.
Famous-Cole said hoodlums disturbing the peace of the area engaged themselves in a free for all, adding that two police teams have been deployed to the area.
On the arrest of the robbery suspects, Famous-Cole said they were dispossessing road users of their valuables when they were intercepted on Otedola Bridge. He said the suspects rode in a commercial bus marked EKY452XJ, adding that they were chased through Alausa.
According to him, N125,000 cash and two mobile phones were recovered from the suspects, identified as Solomon Oniosun and Idowu Ibrahim. Famous-Cole said other members of the gang were at large, adding that the arrested suspects would be charged to court.
This post was syndicated from The Guardian Nigeria Newspaper. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Macron in Morocco to discuss Libya, Qatar crisis
French President Emmanuel Macron was in Morocco Wednesday on a 24-hour visit for talks on battling terrorism as well as the Libyan conflict and Qatar's dispute with its Gulf neighbours.
As he stepped off the plane for his first visit to Morocco since his election in May, the French president, his wife Brigitte at his side, was welcomed on the tarmac by King Mohammed VI.
The king's wife, Princess Lala Salma, and Crown Prince Moulay Hassan, 14, were also present at the airport to greet the French first couple, who were then driven to the royal palace for talks.
Ahead of the visit, the French presidency said Macron would discuss with Mohammed VI the dispute between Qatar and several countries, as both Paris and Rabat are keen on mediating a solution to the crisis.
The French presidency said after Macron landed in Rabat that the French president would meet separately in Paris with the emir of Qatar, Sheikh Tamim bin Hamad al-Thani, and the crown prince of the UAE, Sheikh Mohammad bin Zayed al-Nahyan.
The meetings are due to take place in the last week of June and are aimed at trying to defuse the dispute between Qatar and its neighbours.
The United Arab Emirates severed diplomatic ties with Qatar on June 5, along with Saudi Arabia, Bahrain, Egypt and other countries, accusing the gas-rich Gulf nation of supporting Islamist extremism.
The crisis is the worst to grip the Gulf in years.
“President Macron has spoken with all the heads of state of the region and called for appeasement. These efforts could converge with the mediation that Morocco wants to attempt,” the Elysee Palace said ahead of the visit.
A French diplomatic source said “the priority is to help resolve the crisis”.
Also on Macron's agenda was the conflict in Libya, where the UN-backed government is struggling to impose its legitimacy.
The fight against radicalisation and terrorism would also be at the centre of the talks between the two leaders, and Paris would like to “intensify” cooperation in that field, the source said.
Moroccans, or people of Moroccan origin, are believed to be behind several attacks that have been carried out in Europe in the past two years.
Macron and his wife are to attend an iftar meal, to break the fast of Ramadan, at the king's personal resident, and the French president will spend the night in Rabat before flying back home Thursday.
This post was syndicated from The Guardian Nigeria Newspaper. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
General News of Monday, 14 August 2017
Source: www.ghanaweb.com
2017-08-14
The week-long program is under the theme ‘WATA MATA'
The 7th edition of the annual street art festival, CHALE WOTE, has been officially launched amid cultural performances and art exhibitions.
The week-long program which is under the theme: ‘WATA MATA' saw a grand opening with energetic performances from some cultural groups, a procession from Brazil House to Fort James and an exhibition.
Gaining huge turnout since its inception in 2015, CHALE WOTE 2017's opening saw people from various backgrounds witnessing the ceremony with excitement and great expectations.
This year, the festival promises work and installations of over 200 artists from Ghana and around the globe including artists from Kenya, Poland, Argentina, Brazil, Canada, U.S, France, Nigeria, South Africa, Zambia and Australia.
The event will also include 15 film broadcasts, a fashion circus, 10 different locations to view installations, exhibitions, and live visual art, live music on 3 music stages, a CHALE WOTE Art Fair where varied art pieces will be available for purchase, processions, tours, and more.
CHALE WOTE over the last six years has been the catalyst for the growth of the creative and arts industry in Ghana as it creates the environment for arts to be appreciated and a platform for a bigger audience for arts by giving access to the general public.
While Hulu currently trails more established rivals like Sling TV and DirecTV Now -- which have 2.2 million and 1.5 million subscribers, respectively -- it was doing better than fellow newcomer YouTube TV earlier this year. CNBC's sources reported in January that YouTube's live service had around 300,000 subscribers.
During the interview, Freer said he believed Hulu's on-demand service, which offers approximately 75,000 episodes of TV shows, will continue to attract live TV users and help it compete with its rivals. Along with its successful Handmaid's Tale series, Hulu will soon debut its Stephen King and JJ Abrams original Castle Rock and will add Viceland shows and a New York Times documentary news show to its on-demand service.
PHILADELPHIA -- When the Eagles visit the White House and President Donald Trump to commemorate their Super Bowl-winning season, there will likely be a handful of players who will not be coming along for the trip.
Eagles quarterback Nick Foles, center Jason Kelce and defensive tackle Fletcher Cox spoke the media at NovaCare Complex on Tuesday. They were all asked about the potential White House visit.
Foles is willing to do whatever decision the Eagles organization ultimately settles on.
"Whatever the team decides, I'm going to be with the team," Foles said. "I've always said this I'm a part of this organization, so whatever this organization decides I'll be with the organization."
Cox and Kelce declined comment.
"I think the main thing for me today is I'm here to talk about football and not worry about what's going on with that," Cox said.
Kelce echoed a similar sentiment.
"I don't know that I want to discuss politics or anything like that," he said. "I'm just here to discuss football. I'll leave that up to other people that want to make those decisions."
Defensive end Brandon Graham went on the radio on Monday night and told 94WIP on Monday that, as of now, he does not intend to make the trip.
"Right now, I haven't talked to anybody, but I'm sure we will all start talking about it as it gets close," Graham said. "But as of right now, I won't be there. I'll be here, enjoying and waiting on the ring ceremony. Can't wait to look at the ring."
As an organization, the Eagles have had a number of players speak out against Trump, and a New York Times report included quotes from a recording of Eagles owner Jeffrey Lurie where he referred to Trump as "disastrous."
Eagles to visit Donald Trump? Fans split on team's potential trip to White House
Eagles safety Malcolm Jenkins recently called Trump a "troll" in an interview with The Atlantic, and back in February Jenkins, defensive end Chris Long and receiver Torrey Smith all indicated they would not go to the White House to celebrate the Super Bowl. Smith has since been traded to the Carolina Panthers.
Traditionally, the championship-winning team from each of the four major sports visits the White House in the off-season following their title game victory, though the Eagles will be the NFL's first winner to visit since Trump's fall comments imploring league owners to fire any player who kneels during the National Anthem.
It is unclear when the Eagles actually intend to travel to Washington D.C., though the New England Patriots made the trip on April 19 last year after winning Super Bowl LI.
Zack Rosenblatt may be reached at zrosenblatt@njadvancemedia.com. Follow him on Twitter @ZackBlatt. Find NJ.com on Facebook.
Bloomberg Pledges $4.5 Million to Cover US in Paris Climate Agreement – Here's How YOU Can Make an Impact Too – One Green Planet
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from World - Google News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Florida State traveled to Winston-Salem on Wednesday, Jan. 31 to face a Wake Forest team that had dropped each of its last seven contests.
Leonard Hamilton, head coach of the Seminoles, believed that despite their record, facing the Deacs would be no easy task.
“They play stretches where they play at a high level, it concerns you that they'll be able to sustain that for 40 minutes,” Hamilton said ahead of Wednesday's game.
To Hamilton's credit, he was right. The Deacs have demonstrated instances this season where they can compete against anyone — with moments against top caliber programs such as Virginia, Duke and North Carolina coming to mind.
But Hamilton's worry about Wake Forest stringing together 40 minutes of sustained success proved unnecessary as the Deacs played far from a perfect game in their 76-72 victory Wednesday night.
In the first half, Wake Forest allowed Florida State to attempt 14 shots from beyond the arc, with six ultimately falling through the cylinder. The Deacs also committed eight first-half turnovers, on par with their most recent outings against Duke and Louisville.
Wake Forest did not sustain 40 minutes of perfect basketball, but for the Deacs to go home with their first win since Jan. 3, it was enough, attributed in large part to a strong second half.
The Deacs boasted one of the more balanced scoring performances of the season with Bryant Crawford (19), Chaundee Brown (15), Keyshawn Woods (15) and Brandon Childress (14) each reaching double figures.
While head coach Danny Manning was pleased with the team's joint effort, he was particularly impressed with the play of his junior center Doral Moore.
“I thought this was one of Doral's better games. Manning said. “He rebounded the ball well for us, blocked three shots and got three steals for us.” Moore battled his former high school teammate and fellow seven-footer Christ Koumadje under the basket all evening.
Hamilton, who spent time recruiting Koumadje at Montverde Academy, was familiar with Moore during his high school career and has been impressed with his growth as a Demon Deacon, claiming that Moore has made as much progress as any college player in the U. S.
Moore failed to record a double-double in this one, finishing with eight points and 12 rebounds, but his three points in the game's final minute sealed the deal for the Deacs, giving them a bit of momentum to kick off the second half of the ACC schedule.
With 29 seconds to play, Moore grabbed a rebound off a Florida State missed free throw, passed the ball to Woods who got it to Crawford before getting it back only to immediately find Childress at midcourt.
As Childress caught the ball at the Demon Deacon logo, he looked up and found Moore flashing to the basket for the easy dunk that would extend the lead to three.
Down three with 19 seconds remaining the Seminoles had one possession to tie the game. Florida State's MJ Walker pulled up from beyond the arc, missed, and none other than Moore was there to grab the rebound, getting fouled in the process.
With two seconds remaining and lead of three, Moore ultimately sealed the deal, converting on his second free throw attempt to lift Wake Forest out of its seven-game losing streak.
After Wake Forest's loss to Louisville on Saturday, Jan. 27, Moore told reporters the team was still together and that he and his teammates would figure it out.
On Wednesday evening, the Deacs stuck together and figured it out — only time will tell if they can keep the momentum going as No. 20 Clemson visits the Joel on Saturday afternoon.
Sign up to receive our free newsletters
E-mail:
Country: Select country UNITED STATES CANADA ABU DHABI ADEN AFGHANISTAN AL HUCEMAS IS ALBANIA ALGERIA ANDAMAN IS ANDORRA ANGOLA ANGUILLA ANTIGUA ARGENTINA ARMENIA ARUBA ASCENSION IS AUSTRALIA AUSTRIA AZERBAIJAN AZORES IS BAHAMAS BAHRAIN BANGLADESH BARBADOS BARBUDA BELARUS BELEARIC IS BELGIUM BELIZE BENIN BERMUDA BHUTAN BOLIVIA BORNEO BOSNIA-HERZEGOVINA BOTSWANA BRAZIL BRITISH VIRGIN IS BRITISH WEST INDIES BRUNEI BULGARIA BURKINA FASO BURUNDI CAMBODIA CAMEROON CANARY ISLANDS CAPE VERDE ISLANDS CAYMAN ISLANDS CENTRAL AFRICAN REP CHAD CHAFERINAS IS CHANNEL IS CHATHAM IS CHILE CHINA COCO ISLAND COLOMBIA COMOROS CONGO COOK IS COOK ISLANDS COSTA RICA CROATIA CUBA CYPRUS CZECH REPUBLIC DENMARK DJIBOUTI DOMINICA DOMINICAN REPUBLIC EAST TIMOR ECUADOR EGYPT EL SALVADOR ENGLAND ERITREA ESTONIA ETHIOPIA FAEROE ISLANDS FALKLAND ISLANDS FIJI FINLAND FRANCE FRENCH GUIANA FRENCH POLYNESIA FRENCH WEST INDIES FUTUNA ISLANDS GABON GAMBIA GAZA STRIP GEORGIA GERMANY GHANA GIBRALTAR GILBERT IS GREECE GREENLAND GRENADA GUADELOUPE GUATEMALA GUERNSEY GUINEA GUYANA HAITI HONDURAS HONG KONG HUNGARY ICELAND INDIA INDONESIA IRAN IRAQ IRELAND ISLE OF MAN ISRAEL ITALY IVORY COAST JAMAICA JAPAN JORDAN KAZAKHSTAN KENYA KIRGHIZIA KIRIBATI KOSOVO KUWAIT KYRGYZSTAN LAOS LATVIA LEBANON LESOTHO LIBERIA LIBYA LIECHTENSTEIN LITHUANIA LUXEMBOURG MACAO MACEDONIA MADAGASCAR MALAGASY MALAWI MALAYSIA MALDIVES MALI MALTA MARSHALL ISLANDS MARTINIQUE MAURITANIA MAURITIUS MAYOTTE MEXICO MICRONESIA MOLDOVA MOLUCA IS MONACO MONGOLIA MONTENEGRO MONTSERRAT MOROCCO MOZAMBIQUE MYANMAR NAMIBIA NAURU NEPAL NETHERLAND ANTILLES NETHERLANDS NEVIS NEW CALEDONIA NEW GUINEA NEW ZEALAND NICARAGUA NIGER NIGERIA NORTH KOREA NORTHERN IRELAND NORWAY OMAN ORKNEY IS PAKISTAN PALAU PALESTINE PANAMA PARACEL ISLANDS PARAGUAY PERU PHILIPPINES PHOENIX IS PITCAIRN IS POLAND PORTUGAL QATAR REUNION ROMANIA RUSSIA RWANDA SAN MARINO SAO TOME E PRINCIPE SARAWAK SAUDI ARABIA SCOTLAND SENEGAL SERBIA SEYCHELLES SIERRA LEONE SINGAPORE SLOVAK REPUBLIC SLOVENIA SOLOMON ISLANDS SOMALIA SOUTH AFRICA SOUTH KOREA SPAIN SRI LANKA ST CROIX ST KITTS ST LUCIA ST MAARTEN ST MARTIN ST PIERRE ST VINCENT SUDAN SURINAME SWAZILAND SWEDEN SWITZERLAND SYRIA TAHITI TAIWAN TAJIKISTAN TANZANIA TASMANIA THAILAND TIBET TOGO TONGA TRINIDAD AND TOBAGO TUNISIA TURKEY TURKMENISTAN TURKS ISLAND TUVALU UGANDA UKRAINE UNITED ARAB EMIRATES URUGUAY UZBEKISTAN VANUATU VATICAN CITY VENEZUELA VIETNAM WALES WALLIS ISLAND WESTERN SAHARA WESTERN SAMOA YEMEN ZAIRE ZAMBIA ZIMBABWE
By clicking below, I acknowledge and agree to Penton's Terms of Service and to Penton's use of my contact information to communicate with me about Penton's or its third-party partners' products, services, events and research opportunities. Penton's use of the information I provide will be consistent with Penton's Privacy Policy.
PHILADELPHIA -- Several key veterans returned to the practice field for the Eagles on Monday morning, including backup quarterback Nick Foles.
Folies practiced for the first time since beginning to experience elbow soreness on July 29, which caused him to miss Thursday night's preseason opener against the Green Bay Packers at Lambeau Field.
In Foles' absence on Thursday night, third-string quarterback Matt McGloin played nearly three quarters against the Packers, which if Foles is able to return Thursday night against the Buffalo Bills at Lincoln Financial Field, will likely not be the case in the second game of the preseason.
Wide receiver Alshon Jeffery (shoulder) was back on the practice field Monday morning, after taking part in one 7-on-7 drill Sunday, for the first time since going down with a sprained shoulder on the first full squad practice in pads.
Jeffery's injury has left him a limited practice participant and he has yet to take part in any full-team 11-on-11 drills since briefly returning the same day he suffered his injury.
LIVE updates from Monday's practice
Meanwhile, Eagles running back Wendell Smallwood had been dealing with a hamstring injury which kept him out of practice since last Tuesday, but he returned on Monday morning.
Right guard Brandon Brooks also returned Monday after suffering an ankle injury last week that kept him out of two practices.
All of the players who returned to the field on Monday were sidelined for last Thursday's preseason game.
Matt Lombardo may be reached at MLombardo@njadvancemedia.com. Follow him on Twitter @MattLombardoPHL.
People would normally assume that Will Smith would be the superhero in the Smith family — he played one in Suicide Squad, remember? But it seems as though his son Jaden has taken the reigns. The 18-year-old just released a new music video for his “Batman” song, and yes, he's wearing his version of the Batman outfit.
So does Jaden believe that he's actually the next caped crusader? Well, at the very least his new music video will definitely make you scratch your head. Also, at the beginning of the video Jaden answers the phone and someone calls him Bruce Wayne, aka Batman's true identity.
This music video was most likely shot a while back since Jaden is rocking his dreadlocks. Since then, he cut them off and even brought them as an accessory to the 2017 Met Gala.
Jaden Smith at the 2017 Met Gala. (Photo: AP) More
In previous appearances of his Batman look, the 18-year-old wore the white Batman ensemble to Kim and Kanye's wedding in 2014…
And again to his 2015 prom…
He later explained why he did it, saying, “at the wedding I felt as though I needed to protect everyone there and needed to have the proper gear to do so.”
Check out the full “Batman” music video here:
In other entertainment news, Kirby Jenner reveals that Khloé Kardashian is an avid gamer:
Read more from Yahoo Celebrity:
In Indonesia: Tourist boat captain held after deadly fire
Most were rescued, but 23 were killed and 50 suffered injuries, according to the official disaster agency.
Indonesian police said Monday they had detained the captain of a tourist boat that burst into flames en route to a holiday island, leaving 23 people dead, amid reports he was the first to jump ship.
The Zahro Express became engulfed by fire on Sunday shortly after it set off from Jakarta carrying about 250 local holidaymakers to celebrate the New Year on the nearby resort island of Tidung.
Panicked passengers fought over life jackets and jumped into the sea as the huge blaze tore through the ferry after starting in the engine room, with authorities blaming an electrical fault for the accident.
Most were rescued, but 23 were killed and 50 suffered injuries, according to the official disaster agency.
Police said the captain, named in local reports as Muhammad Nali, had been detained Sunday and was being questioned over suspected negligence in relation to the fire which reduced the boat to a blackened wreck.
"We are still investigating the case and questioning the captain," Jakarta police spokesman Argo Yuwono told AFP, without giving further details.
Several local media outlets reported the captain jumped ship first, abandoning the tourists as the fire erupted, and was found floating in the sea with other passengers before being rescued.
Tonny Budiono, a senior official at the transport ministry, vowed that the captain would be punished if the allegations turned out to be true.
Search teams continued to scour the waters Monday as a precaution but officials said they believed that all passengers were now accounted for.
It was just the latest fatal maritime accident in the vast Indonesian archipelago, which relies heavily on boats to ferry people round its 17,000 islands but has a patchy safety record.
In September a tourist boat on the resort island of Bali exploded, killing two foreigners and injuring about 20 others.
This post was syndicated from pulse.ng - Nigeria's entertainment & lifestyle platform online. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Primary Hyperoxaluria Drug Market Outlook 2025, Insights by Experts, Growth Analysis – The Financial Analyst
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Business - Google News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
InterMilan Target Atletico Madrid Boss Diego Simeone In €50m Offer
Inter will try to lure Atletico boss Diego Simeone to San Siro with a five-year deal worth €50m, reports La Gazzetta dello Sport.
Diego Simeone has worked wonders during his time on the bench at the Vicente Calderon and Inter, one of his former clubs during his playing days, want him to lead them back to success.
As such, they are willing to offer the Argentinian a five-year contract worth €10m a season.
Should they fail to secure Simeone's services, they will ramp up their efforts to lure Antonio Conte from Chelsea.
The San Siro club are currently managed by Stefano Pioli but his days look numbered.
Inter won't be in the Champions League next season and even a Europa League qualifying spot looks unlikely.
The club's owners are planning for the long-term and want a big name on board.
The post InterMilan Target Atletico Madrid Boss Diego Simeone In €50m Offer appeared first on 360Nobs.com.
This post was syndicated from 360Nobs.com. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Live video from WAFB 9News is available on your computer, tablet and smartphone during all local newscasts. Weekdays: 9News This Morning: Early Edition at 4:30am, 9News This Morning at 5:00am, WBXH's Big Xtra Hour at 7:00am, 9News at Noon, 5:00pm, 6:00pm and 10:00pm. Saturday on 9News at 5:00pm, 6:00pm and 10:00pm. Sundays on 9News This Morning at 7:00am, 5:30pm and 10:00pm. When 9News is not airing a live newscast, you will see replays of the most recent newscasts, you can even scroll back through in 'DVR' mode to watch. Internet Explorer users please note compatibility mode may disable display of the live player, disable compatibility mode if you do not see player.
On a mobile device? Click here to watch LIVE.
Some WAFB neighborhoods got a good dose of sunshine Friday afternoon, but it still stayed on the cool side throughout the day with temperatures in the 50s and the winds occasionally kicking up to make it feel even cooler.
Temperatures will slip into the 40s Friday evening and the clouds will be returning, but it stays dry for the ladies' Krewe of Artemis, which rolls Friday evening in downtown Baton Rouge. It's a great parade, just be sure to dress for it.
Skies will become overcast later Friday night and stay that way throughout the better part of Saturday. It'll be a chilly start on Saturday too, with sunrise temperatures in the upper 30s for the Red Stick. Saturday's highs will return to the low to mid 50s.
The bigger weather story for Saturday focuses on the increasing rain potential through the day. The First Alert Forecast keeps most WAFB communities dry from the morning into the lunch hour. After that, however, the chance of getting wet will be increasing from the afternoon into the evening. Plan for a 30 percent chance of showers by 3 p.m., rising to 50 to 60 percent by 6 p.m., and then up to 70 to 80 percent for Saturday night into early Sunday morning.
Saturday afternoon, WAFB area Carnival parades may get lucky and miss out on the rain. On the other hand, Saturday evening's Krewe of Orion has a pretty good chance of getting damp. In addition, there will be an increasing chance for a few rumbles of thunder as we head into Saturday evening.
While we cannot rule out one or two strong thunderstorms between Saturday evening and early Sunday morning, we do not anticipate a significant stormy weather event. Localized rain totals could possibly approach 2” in spots, but the current guidance leans towards regional rain totals running well under 1” for most WAFB neighborhoods.
In addition, the latest First Alert Forecast calls for a dry and mild Sunday afternoon, with temperatures returning to the mid to upper 60s under slowly clearing skies. That is very good news for Mid City Gras' inaugural parade on North Boulevard.
The region dries out with plenty of sunshine on Monday, but the respite doesn't last long at all. Rain returns on Tuesday and extends into Wednesday as our next cold front arrives along the Gulf Coast. We could even see a few lingering showers early on Thursday and a return of isolated showers for Friday afternoon.
At least we do not anticipate any arctic air through the upcoming 7 to 10 days or more. Looking for an extended run of rain free weather to go with the milder temperatures? Don't hold your breath.
CLICK HERE for more weather news.
Copyright 2018 WAFB. All rights reserved.
My wife refuses to accept this pregnancy
By Bunmi
Dear Bunmi,
My wife and I have been married for over ten years and don't have a child yet.
She's had a few miscarriages and now one of her Fallopian tubes has been snipped off when she had an ectopic pregnancy.
I recently had a fling with an old girlfriend and she is now pregnant. I had to tell my wife about this but to my ‘horror' she said if the baby isn't got rid off, she'll leave me. I mean after waiting all these years for a child and now have the hope of one, I should do the right thing. Yet, my wife is adamant, she wouldn't stay even if my support for the child is only financial. Help.
Alfred by e-mail.
Dear Alfred,
Tough as it is to face, there is no guarantee that your marriage will survive.
Whatever you decide to do, even if you want to abort this pregnancy, you can't if the pregnant woman is not for it. Now that you're determined to make the most of this opportunity of being a dad re-as ure your wife that you're not abandoning her.
Unfortunately there are no easy an wers for anyone 0 don't expect any. You're not in the driving eat. Nor is your wife. Hang in the e and behave as decently as you can to everyone who has to live with the consequences of this affair.
The post My wife refuses to accept this pregnancy appeared first on Vanguard News.
This post was syndicated from Vanguard News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Authorities found a BMW stolen from a Nashville area car dealer at an apartment complex last week but say they didn't figure out who the culprit was until tragedy had struck.
Source: WAOW.com
News At Other State Sites:
1
WISCONSINREPORT.COM (WiscReport.com) is not affiliated with Wisconsin Government or any state agency, department, entity, or other website or printed publication with Wisconsin in it's name. Established in 2002, we operate completely independent from political parties and other forms of outside influence. Our Mission is to report the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth. We are WiscReport on Twitter and Facebook. A Morbizco Internet Media online publication. – WisconsinReport.com.
Learn More about WisconsinReport.com.
Adeleke, who dumped APC, emerges PDP candidate for Osun senatorial bye-election
Mr. Adeleke, who had been cleared to contest for the primary on the platform of APC, defected to PDP.
The post Adeleke, who dumped APC, emerges PDP candidate for Osun senatorial bye-election appeared first on Premium Times Nigeria.
This post was syndicated from Premium Times Nigeria. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
CHAPEL HILL, N.C. (AP) -- North Carolina finally got its offense - and maybe its confidence - going again.
Luke Maye scored 26 points to help the 19th-ranked Tar Heels beat Pittsburgh 96-65 on Saturday night, ending their first three-game losing streak in four years.
''Our guys around here, you lose a couple and the kids start feeling the pressure because they're such good kids,'' UNC coach Roy Williams said.
The response was a positive, if for no other reason than the Tar Heels (17-7, 6-5 Atlantic Coast Conference) had a relatively stress-free night while matching their best scoring output in league play.
The Tar Heels also shot 51 percent, made 11 3-pointers and dominated the boards (47-28) en route to 22 second-chance points. Maye led six players in double figures, including junior Kenny Williams, who had his best scoring night after several rough games. And Theo Pinson (13 rebounds, eight assists) played a strong floor game.
In short, they made things look routine against a team that's yet to win an ACC game.
''We needed tonight,'' Pinson said.
UNC found itself in a close game late in the first half before blowing it open with a big run spanning halftime. Graduate transfer Cameron Johnson scored eight points against his former team in UNC's 14-3 half-ending flurry, which grew to 25-5 when Joel Berry II hit his fourth 3-pointer for a 56-37 lead with 16:48 left.
Freshman Marcus Carr scored 22 points for the Panthers (8-16, 0-11), who hit eight first-half 3s to hang around but made 2 of 16 after halftime as the Tar Heels' lead ballooned.
That sent Pitt to its 11th straight loss, the longest skid in program history.
''They played well obviously,'' Panthers coach Kevin Stallings said. ''I didn't think that we did so much, but certainly you have to give them credit. It probably wasn't the most ideal time to catch them.''
ST. JOHN'S, N.L. — Newfoundland and Labrador's justice minister says an independent review of deaths in provincial jails will include the most recent death at Her Majesty's Penitentiary in St. John's, N.L.
Christopher Wade Sutton died suddenly on Saturday in his cell, the fourth death in provincial jails since last August.
Retired police Supt. Marlene Jesso is examining policies, procedures, and how corrections staff have responded to the deaths, and Justice Minister Andrew Parsons says that review will include Sutton's death.
The review is to start once investigations by the RCMP and chief medical examiner conclude.
Police say an inmate at the Clarenville Correctional Centre for Women died in May, but offered no details on the cause or circumstances.
About a month earlier, a 27-year-old woman died at the same facility, with police saying she had choked on food.
And on Aug. 31, a 37-year-old male inmate at Her Majesty's Penitentiary died. Police did not indicate the death was suspicious.
(The Canadian Press, VOCM)
Lufthansa subsidiary Austrian Airlines is considering a design limit extension for its aging Airbus A321 fleet, a company executive told ATW in Los Angeles. The Star Alliance member operates six A321s, the first of which joined the fleet in 1995. Other Airbus aircraft include seven A319s and 18 A320s. “The A321s are reaching an age when we have to decide to [either] replace them or operate them with a so-called ‘design limit extension program,'” CFO Heinz Lachinger ...
USING smiley face emojis and other emoticons in work-related emails could be hurting your career prospects, new research has found.
Far from creating a positive impression on the recipient, virtual smileys in fact make the sender look like an idiot, according to scientists from Ben-Gurion University.
"Our findings provide first-time evidence that, contrary to actual smiles, smileys do not increase perceptions of warmth and actually decrease perceptions of competence," BGU post-doctorate fellow Dr Ella Glikson said in a statement. "In formal business emails, a smiley is not a smile."
The study, published in the journal Social Psychological and Personality Science, was based on a series of experiments using 549 participants from 29 countries.
Everyone hates your emojis, particularly in emails. So stop it.
In one experiment, participants were asked to read a work-related email from an unknown person, and were asked to evaluate the competence and warmth of the sender - some of the messages included smileys and some did not.
The researchers found that unlike face-to-face smiles, which increase perceptions of both competence and warmth, virtual smileys had no effect on the perception of warmth and actually had a negative effect on the perception of competence.
"The study also found that when the participants were asked to respond to emails on formal matters, their answers were more detailed and they included more content-related information when the email did not include a smiley," Dr Glikson said.
"We found that the perceptions of low competence if a smiley is included in turn undermined information sharing."
Another experiment compared the use of a smiley face emoji to a smiling or neutral photograph. It found that in the case of a photograph, a smiling sender was perceived as more competent and friendly than a neutral one.
No, not even the sunglasses one is OK.
But when an email on work-related matters contained a smiley, the sender was perceived as less competent, and perceptions of the sender's friendliness were unchanged.
The researchers also found that when the gender of the email writer was unknown, people were more likely to assume the sender was a woman if it included a smiley.
"People tend to assume that a smiley is a virtual smile, but the findings of this study show that in the case of the workplace, at least as far as initial 'encounters' are concerned, this is incorrect," Dr Glikson said.
"For now, at least, a smiley can only replace a smile when you already know the other person. In initial interactions, it is better to avoid using smileys, regardless of age or gender."
“When I use a word,” Lewis Carroll's Humpty Dumpty said, in rather a scornful tone, “It means just what I choose it to mean—neither more nor less.” Chrystia Freeland has similar goals when she talks. By the time she met reporters in the House of Commons foyer on Monday the foreign minister was speaking about NAFTA for the third time in half a day. She knew what she wanted to say, and she would say neither more nor less.
The Americans want to re-open the trade deal's dispute-settlement mechanism, one reporter said. “Is it a line in the sand?”
“I spoke in my remarks today, both at committee”—that's the Commons committee on trade, whose unusual mid-summer meeting she'd just left—“and at the University of Ottawa, about the importance for Canada in having mechanisms to ensure that any anti-dumping and countervailing duties are levied only when appropriate and are fair,” Freeland said. “That has been a historic objective of Canada's.
“I spoke about the great work of the late, great Simon Reisman in securing such a mechanism, and Canada absolutely stands very firm in the importance of having such a mechanism.”
This was not quite the same as not answering the question at all. Lines in sand had vanished, buried under a billowing dune of the minister's own lines. But a sense of dispute settlement's rank in Freeland's hierarchy of priorities remained, dimply glimpsed behind the verbiage: Keeping an impartial mechanism for settling disputes was a “historic objective” that had provoked Simon Reisman to walk out of an early generation's trade talks. Canada “absolutely stands very firm” on all this.
Was she saying she'll have negotiators walk out of NAFTA talks over the same issue? Reuters had already decided, on the strength of her remarks at the University of Ottawa earlier in the day, that she was saying precisely that. But nobody can quote any sentence in which she made such a threat, because she was careful to pronounce no such sentence.
Sure, she was at pains to honour the ghost of Reisman, whose threat to let free-trade talks in the 1980s collapse was the key, in trade mythology, to getting the deal Canada wanted. She reminded everyone that as recently as last year she had staged her own walk-out at trade talks with the European Union. There will be “moments of drama,” she said. Nobody should expect Canada to be a pushover. “It is no accident that hockey is our national sport.”
But did she connect the dots among those hints? Nope! Would she connect them when invited to do so by reporters? Nope!
It was that kind of morning. She defended supply management in Canadian agriculture at every turn. When a reporter asked whether Canada would consent to a modest increase in U.S. market access, along the lines of concessions Canada made in trade negotiations with the European Union, she repeated the same generic defence of supply management. The question, in an important way, hadn't been about that. When reporters tried to get her to reply more directly to the question, she stuck just as hard as she could to the original not-quite-apposite answer.
“Okay, let me just—hang on, hang on,” she said over objections. “Let me just say that in English.” (Her first not-quite-an-answer had been in French.) “Guys, guys, guys. Okay, I'm going to answer in English. Thank you.” And then she played back her original not-quite-an-answer, in the other official language, taking care to come no closer to answering the question.
You can always tell when a career communicator is making a point of not being too clear.
None of this should come as too much of a surprise. On Wednesday in Washington, negotiations to renew NAFTA will begin. Donald Trump's vague threat to abrogate the treaty if he doesn't like the way negotiations are going will hang over the proceedings like a stinky cloud. The American demands are known. The Trudeau government hadn't said much in response. Now Freeland was saying more—but only as much more as she wanted to say.
What does Canada want? First, “to modernize NAFTA,” the minister said. Second, to make it “more progressive.” That's super-vague, but she offered a little more specificity. Labour safeguards and environmental provisions need to be brought into the agreement, as should “a new chapter on gender rights,” “an Indigenous chapter” and changes to the investor-state dispute settlement process.
Now, at first blush this sounds like a long list of things Trump will never agree to. But Trump—whose very name was spectacularly absent from the text of Freeland's prepared remarks at the University of Ottawa, giving this whole high-stakes trade round some of the aura of a virgin birth—is an odd duck. Depending on the day, for all anyone knows, it may be possible to get him to agree that the moon is made of cream cheese.
Freeland used Trumpian language to burnish the appeal of part of her wish list. The environment and labour stuff “are how we guarantee that the modernized NAFTA will not only be an exemplary free trade deal, it will also be a fair trade deal,” she said. Canadians' commitment to free trade “wavers… when trade agreements put our workers at an unfair disadvantage because of the high standards that we rightly demand.” Was it too much of a stretch to imagine Trump watching a clip of those remarks on Fox and Friends and tweeting out his support for Freeland's argument? OK, it's a stretch, but is it too much of a stretch?
Some other elements on Freeland's list—red tape reduction, procurement, services—will ensure that business Republicans, and the business Liberals at the Business Council of Canada, can muster some enthusiasm for the process.
Will the Trump trade team buy it all? Almost certainly not. Will they buy some of it? Probably, and I'd wager more than you might expect. Will Trump accept it as a win? Freeland pronounced herself “deeply optimistic,” and it didn't sound like mere bluster. The president has made it clear he wants victories and is unimpressed by fine print when he is even aware there is any. He seems a prime sucker for a con. The minister would want me to emphasize that that's my language, not hers.
270 WSM with a170gr Berger great terminal ballistics My 1:9 twist was sufficient to stabilize the 170 gr Berger. The cow elk was quartering towards me at 250yds. The projectile broke through the rib behind the shoulder and travelled diagonally breaking the off side rib and stopped just under the skin. The cow elk took two steps and dropped. The projectile had about 10-20% weight retention with Significant internal damage. This is my go-to bullet with a MV of 3015
Police forces in Yorkshire have lost track of 20 registered sex offenders, according to a report published by Sky News.
Weather: White Easter is possible, say experts
West Yorkshire Police currently have 10 offenders who are wanted for breaching of registration requirements, while South Yorkshire Police said 10 registered sex offenders were wanted because their whereabouts were unknown.
Nationally, 485 sex offenders have been lost track of, including rapists and paedophiles.
Three of the 10 that West Yorkshire Police are looking for are known to be living outside the UK and four offenders have been wanted for more than a year.
Out of the 10 that South Yorkshire Police are tracking, offences include assault on a female by penetration, indecent assault on a female under 14, making indecent photos of children, rape, sexual assault, sexual activity with a female under 16, sexual activity with a child and taking indecent photos of children.
North Yorkshire Police said no registered sex offenders were currently missing.
READ: Drivers face delays during M62 overnight closures
Michelle Skeer, National Police Chiefs' Council lead for the Management of Sexual Offenders and Violent Offenders, said: "The number of recorded wanted or missing sex offenders represents less than 1 per cent of the total and a proportion of these are, following investigation, either known or believed to be living abroad or have returned to their country of origin.
"When registered sex offenders are missing or wanted in the UK, all police forces are alerted. If they return to the UK, there are processes in place to ensure that they are brought to the attention of police and arrested where appropriate.
"The UK has some of the most effective tools in the world to manage registered sex offenders.
"While the reality is that the risks posed to the public by such individuals can never be completely eliminated, there is significant evidence that the multi-agency public protection arrangements successfully keeps them to a minimum."
Planning bid goes in for a 365-room ‘fixer-up'
Forces across the UK were asked to reveal the number of registered sex offenders whose whereabouts were unknown on 17 January.
41 forces responded to Sky News' request, while four did not.
NEW YORK (CBSNewYork/AP) — Police are on alert, including in New York, as a manhunt for the man accused of killing a stranger in Cleveland and posting a video of it on Facebook is now entering its third day.
A nationwide search is now underway for 37-year-old Steve Stephens, who's wanted on an aggravated murder charge in the shooting death of 74-year-old Robert Godwin Sr. on Sunday.
“He could be nearby. He could be far away or anywhere in between,” FBI agent Stephen Anthony said.
Authorities initially issued a warning for New York, Pennsylvania, Ohio, Indiana and Michigan before expanding it nationwide.
“Our message to the community at large is to be careful,” said Cleveland Police Chief Calvin Williams.
Chief Williams: This is now a national search for Steve. We will leave no stone unturned. — Cleveland Police (@CLEpolice) April 17, 2017
With New York one of states on high alert for Stephens, every NYPD radio was ringing with the sound of an alert for the suspect, CBS2's Magdalena Doris reported.
“Be on the lookout wanted male, for Steven Stephens. He is the suspect in a broadcasted murder, that occurred in Cleveland, Ohio, April, 16,” according to a police radio transmission on Broadcastify.com.
Stephens posted a video of himself killing Godwin, a former foundry worker who had 10 children, police said. In it, he said, “I snapped, I just snapped.” But police would not speculate on what was behind it.
In the video, Stephens told Godwin a woman's name and said, “She's the reason that this is about to happen to you.” Godwin did not seem to recognize the name.
The woman Stephens spoke of, Joy Lane, said in a text message to CBS that “we had been in a relationship for several years. I am sorry that all of this has happened.”
She also said Stephens was “a nice guy” who was good to her and her children.
In one video posted on Facebook, Stephens said that he gambled away everything and that he and his girlfriend had planned to marry but did not, without saying why. He blamed her for what was about to happen.
In the video in which he blamed his girlfriend, Stephens said he woke up last week and “couldn't take it anymore.”
Investigators said that Godwin was the only victim so far linked to Stephens, despite his claim on Facebook that he killed over a dozen people.
On Monday evening, Facebook announced that it was launching a review for reporting harmful content following the killing. The company said that Stephens posted a video of himself announcing his intent to commit murder, then two minutes later posted another video of himself shooting and killing Godwin. A few minutes after that, he went live and confessed.
The company said it disabled Stephen's account within 23 minutes of receiving the first report about the video of the fatal shooting and two hours after receiving any report.
“In this case we did not receive a report about the first video, and we only received a report about the second video — containing the shooting — more than an hour and 45 minutes after it was posted,” said Justin Osofsky, Facebook's vice president of global operations. “We received reports about the third video, containing the man's live confession, only after it had ended.”
Officers searched dozens of places around Cleveland without finding Stephens or any other victims before expanding the manhunt. Detectives spoke with the suspect on Sunday by cellphone and tried to persuade him to surrender, police said.
Law enforcement officials said his cellphone was last tracked Sunday afternoon in Erie, Pennsylvania. Police in Philadelphia said eight elementary schools and a high school were locked down Monday while they investigated reported sightings but found nothing.
Meanwhile, dozens of family, friends and community members gathered Monday evening to remember Godwin. They carried flowers and balloons and hugged and comforted each other, while urging an end to the violence on their city streets.
“We need him to turn himself in,” relative Angela Small said. “You already took one life. You're done took our family and turned it upside down and you need to turn yourself in. Nobody else needs to get hurt.”
Chief Williams: We will follow up on EVERY tip. Please call 1-800-Call FBI with tips.
If you see Steve Stephens, dial 9-1-1. — Cleveland Police (@CLEpolice) April 17, 2017
Stephens is believed to be driving a white Ford Fusion with a temporary tag and should be considered armed and dangerous, police said.
A $50,000 reward is being offered for information leading to his capture and prosecution.
(© Copyright 2017 CBS Broadcasting Inc. All Rights Reserved. The Associated Press contributed to this report.)
ABBOTSFORD, B.C. — The Parole Board of Canada's appeal division has upheld a decision to deny parole to a sexual offender in British Columbia who has been behind bars since becoming the country's youngest dangerous offender in 1999.
Adam Laboucan was 17 when he was handed an indeterminate prison sentence for sexually assaulting a three-month-old boy in Quesnel, B.C.
Laboucan now identifies as female and has changed her name to Tara Desousa.
Desousa's last unsuccessful application for parole was in November 2017, and she appealed that decision on several grounds, including bias on the part of the board.
A decision from the appeal division released Tuesday rejects Desousa's appeal, dismissing claims that incomplete or erroneous information was used in reaching a quick decision and saying there was “no reasonable apprehension of bias.”
The earlier board decision said it was concerned that Desousa was unable to manager her anger after she flung another inmate by her hair, then kicked her in the face.
The appeal division also noted the board had factored in Desousa's Indigenous background.
“The board found that you have experienced negative intergenerational effects as a result, and acknowledged the linkage between your involvement in the criminal justice system and a number of elements in social and family history, including your substance abuse issues.”
The appeal division said the parole board assessed Desousa's risk to reoffend, and found that rejecting full and day parole was reasonable.
General News of Friday, 6 October 2017
Source: citifmonline.com
2017-10-06
Sedina Tamakloe Attionu, is a former CEO of MASLOC
The management of the Microfinance and Small Loans Centre (MASLOC), has described as insulting the response from the Centre's former CEO to allegations that vehicles meant for the Ghana Private Road Transport Union (GPRTU), purchased during her tenure, are wasting away because they were overpriced.
Speaking to Citi News, the current CEO for MASLOC, Stephen Amoah, urged the former CEO, Sedinam Tamakloe Attionu, “to come with specifics and debate,” following a statement she released denying the allegations.
He said he was surprised “at the way she insulted her colleagues and other men” in her statement.
According to the current MASLOC administration, the cars, numbering 350, were being sold for $9,000 in the showrooms of MAC Auto & Spare Parts, but had been purchased at a cost of about $16, 000 per vehicle from the same company resulting in a reported loss of about $2 million.
The Statesman Newspaper had first reported that the 100 Chevrolet Spark vehicles, 150 Chevrolet Aveo vehicles and 100 Izusu buses, had been left out in the open after GPRTU refused to buy them at the excessive prices after the current administration sought to prevent losses.
Mr. Amoah noted that, he had not given a “defined figure so far as the prices of those cars procured under her tenure are concerned, but the fact of the matter is that, the prices are way above the market prices or average.”
“Do you know the amount of harm she has done to this country? Very soon it will come out. I am not ready to rush in to say anything because there are other legal institutions that are performing their obligations or duties and very soon, you will get the results.”
Mr. Amoah further said the former CEO was being insolent with her reaction, and not acting in good faith, but is confident the truth will eventually put the matter to bed.
“…I am surprised that she is not even going into hiding and praying, but she is going about insulting other people and displaying gross disrespect… very soon the supporting documents will come out and Ghanaians will judge who is lying and who is telling the truth.”
Jalopnik Here's Why CarMax Makes More Money On Used Cars Than Anyone Else | Kotaku Bethesda Announces Fallout: 76 |…
Today 10:17am
Experts are warning that Yorkshire might face another blanketing of snow as the Beast from the East part three could make an appearance in time for Easter.
DELAYS: Drivers face delays during M62 overnight closures
The current band of cold weather is set to end soon, but more snow and below-average temperatures could hit the region over the Easter break.
A blast of bitter air from the Arctic could sweep across Britain in the run-up to the holiday with high pressure building in the north of the UK.
Icy, cold winds could then batter the country, with a chance of snow over Easter in some parts.
This week, temperatures are expected to rise with longer periods of drier and brighter weather. Heavy rain is also expected.
The Weather Channel website said: "There is still uncertainty for the Easter Weekend but computer data suggests that the area of high pressure lodged to the north of the country could allow colder Arctic air to stream across Britain.
"But frontal systems from the Atlantic are likely to be locked in a battle for supremacy with the cold air and this will probably bring changeable weather with wet and windy conditions in the south and a drier but colder snap in the north.
Travel: The latest traffic and travel for Yorkshire as high winds force road closure on coast
"Most models point to rain or showers for many, and the risk of snow at times in the north when moist air collides with the colder blast."
Experts are also warning people not to put away their winter thermals just yet, as we approach the start of the British summertime this weekend.
Colder, unsettled conditions are set to continue "well into April" with no respite predicted.
The Weather Channel website added: "Almost all forecasts agree that temperatures will be mostly below average. There is still some uncertainty in the outlook but many computer models are predicting colder, more unsettled conditions to continue well into April."
READ: North York Moors project could expand
A yellow weather warning remains in place for Tuesday morning due to the risks of ice in the region.
MINNEAPOLIS — The Minnesota Twins have placed outfielder Byron Buxton on the 10-day disabled list with a left big toe fracture.
The Twins announced the move before Wednesday night's game against the Kansas City Royals.
Buxton has played in 28 games this season, hitting .156 (14-for-90) with four doubles, four RBIs and five stolen bases.
To replace Buxton on the 25-man roster, the Twins recalled right-handed pitcher Aaron Slegers from Triple-A Rochester. Slegers made nine starts for the Red Wings, going 5-2 with a 3.27 ERA, eight walks and 31 strikeouts. The 2017 Twins minor league pitcher of the year was recalled by the Twins earlier this season, but did not appear in a game.
SANTA ANA, Calif.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Apr 24, 2018--Iteris, Inc. (NASDAQ: ITI), the global leader in applied informatics for transportation and agriculture, today announced that the Utah Department of Transportation (UDOT) has agreed to a new contract to use Iteris iPeMS® to manage and measure the performance of its intelligent transportation systems across the state.
This press release features multimedia. View the full release here: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180424005647/en/
Utah DOT Adds HERE Traffic Data to Iteris Performance Measurement Platform (Photo: Business Wire)
In combination with real-time and historical traffic data from HERE Technologies – a global leader in mapping and location platform services – the new engagement expands its original Iteris iPeMS implementation from 2014 and is renewable annually for up to five years. The service will give UDOT the ability to analyze and visualize real-time and historical traffic data, while measuring and forecasting the impacts of changing weather on pavement conditions, construction work and infrastructure health for improving roadway mobility and safety.
Features include real-time maps, real-time bottlenecks, animations, historical trend reports, dynamic route creation, reliability maps, reports and measures, congestion charts, weather overlays and route summary reports.
“Iteris is a trusted partner that is uniquely qualified in harnessing and analyzing traffic data. Gaining access to statewide traffic insights via Iteris iPeMS' easy-to-use interface will make a significant contribution to our goal of reaching zero crashes, injuries and fatalities throughout the state of Utah,” said Kelly Burns, traffic mobility engineer at the Utah Department of Transportation. “We intend to use this data to prioritize project needs, measure arterial reliability, automatically detect unusual congestion outside of our transportation management system limits and communicate event-related traffic. We are also exploring options to use this to measure incident management team benefits.”
“This comprehensive, statewide expansion of Iteris iPeMS, which now leverages the power of HERE location data and covers arterial roads as well as freeway networks, underscores UDOT's commitment to investing in the safety and efficiency of its roadways,” said Ramin Massoumi, general manager and senior vice president, Transportation Systems at Iteris. “Utah is one of the leading states in traffic performance measurement and serves as both a valued partner and instructive example of the demand for transportation analytics solutions across the country.”
“Managing congestion and prioritizing projects that improve mobility and safety is an important role of the Utah Department of Transportation,” said Monali Shah, director of intelligent transportation at HERE Technologies. “We are proud to provide HERE real-time and historical traffic data, with Iteris' analytical tools, to deliver a real-time understanding of road performance and the insights needed for data-driven project planning and management.”
Government agencies and municipalities throughout North America, including the Virginia Department of Transportation, the California Department of Transportation and the City of Toronto, use performance measurement systems from Iteris to manage, measure and optimize complex transportation networks.
About Iteris, Inc.
Iteris is the global leader in applied informatics for transportation and agriculture, turning big data into big breakthrough solutions. We collect, aggregate and analyze data on traffic, roads, weather, water, soil and crops to generate precise informatics that lead to safer transportation and smarter farming. Municipalities, government agencies, crop science companies, farmers and agronomists around the world use our solutions to make roads safer and travel more efficient, as well as farmlands more sustainable, healthy and productive. Visit www.iteris.com for more information and join the conversation on Twitter, LinkedIn and Facebook.
Iteris Forward-Looking Statements
This release may contain forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date hereof and are based upon our current expectations and the information available to us at this time. Words such as "believes," "anticipates," "expects," "intends," "plans," "seeks," "estimates," "may," “should,” "will," "can," and variations of these words or similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. These statements include, but are not limited to, statements about the capabilities and benefits of our iPeMS services and statements about the use of the implementation and impacts of the new contract. Such statements are not guarantees of future performance and are subject to certain risks, uncertainties, and assumptions that are difficult to predict, and actual results could differ materially and adversely from those expressed in any forward-looking statements as a result of various factors.
Important factors that may cause such a difference include, but are not limited to, our ability to successfully dedicate resources, roll out, and gain broad market acceptance for our solutions and products in growth markets; adoption of technology based analytics solutions in the transportation market; challenges in the development of software-based solutions generally; impact of general economic, political and other conditions in the markets we address; our ability to expand our patent protections for our technologies and products; and the potential impact of product and service offerings from competitors and such competitors' patent coverage and claims. Further information on Iteris, Inc., including additional risk factors that may affect our forward-looking statements, is contained in our Annual Report on Form 10-K, our Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, our Current Reports on Form 8-K, and our other SEC filings that are available through the SEC's website ( www.sec.gov ).
View source version on businesswire.com:https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180424005647/en/
CONTACT: Iteris, Inc.
David Sadeghi, (949) 270-9523
dsadeghi@iteris.com
or
MKR Group, Inc.
Todd Kehrli, (323) 468-2300
Investor Relations
iti@mkr-group.com
KEYWORD: UNITED STATES NORTH AMERICA CALIFORNIA UTAH
INDUSTRY KEYWORD: TECHNOLOGY DATA MANAGEMENT TRANSPORT OTHER TRANSPORT MOBILE/WIRELESS NATURAL RESOURCES AGRICULTURE AUTOMOTIVE PROFESSIONAL SERVICES CONSULTING OTHER PROFESSIONAL SERVICES OTHER AUTOMOTIVE
SOURCE: Iteris, Inc.
Copyright Business Wire 2018.
PUB: 04/24/2018 08:30 AM/DISC: 04/24/2018 08:31 AM
http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180424005647/en
Matt Smith | For lehighvalleylive.com
“It throws the stigma out the window,” said Gary Fister, nicknamed “Military Gary” for his 24 years in the military. He's been coming here since the bar was called Butch's Place under its previous ownership, and said that Russ-Harford and her husband Carl Harford immediately rejuvenated the place after taking over in 2007.
Along with some extensive renovations, they also put a renewed emphasis on food. Among the regulars' favorites are the plate-sized tacos, cheesesteaks smothered in sauce, and crispy, piquant wings in quirky flavors like cracker jack and Thai peanut butter and jelly. Don't forget to ask for one of the from-scratch sauces.
“My parents came up from Reading, and took a tub of the ranch home with them,” said Adam Smey, who comes here multiple times a week with his wife Sara Smey.
The food's reputation really took off, Russ-Harford said, once the bar banned smoking from 11 a.m. to 10 p.m. At first, business took a hit, but eventually more people felt welcome to come in for a meal.
Custom 6.5 creedmoor for sale
shilen trigger gun shoots sub half moa with factory ammo round count is mid 40s action and bolt have been duracoated matte black barrel is stainless $2200 ill throw in scope rings and bases for $2800 Blueprinted remington 700 hs precision stock 22 inches fluted douglas barrel 1 in 8 twistshilen trigger gun shoots sub half moa with factory ammo round count is mid 40s action and bolt have been duracoated matte black barrel is stainless $2200 ill throw in scope rings and bases for $2800 mattcomeaux86@gmail.com ill pay shipping. I have more pictures on request Attached Thumbnails - Click to View Larger
Second body found in collapsed Kenyan building: Red Cross
Two children were pulled out alive on Tuesday evening.
The post Second body found in collapsed Kenyan building: Red Cross appeared first on Premium Times Nigeria.
This post was syndicated from Premium Times Nigeria. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
(AP Photo/Alik Keplicz). German Chancellor Angela Merkel, left, and Polish Prime Minister Mateusz Morawiecki stop for a photo before talks on European Union future and security and on bilateral ties, at his office in Warsaw, Poland, Monday, March 19, 2...
(AP Photo/Czarek Sokolowski). Poland's Prime Minister Mateusz Morawiecki,right, greets German Chancellor Angela Merkel before talks on European Union future and security and on bilateral ties at his office in Warsaw, Poland, Monday, March 19, 2018. Mer...
(AP Photo/Czarek Sokolowski). Poland's Prime Minister Mateusz Morawiecki,right, greets German Chancellor Angela Merkel before talks on European Union future and security and on bilateral ties at his office in Warsaw, Poland, Monday, March 19, 2018. Mer...
(AP Photo/Alik Keplicz). German Chancellor Angela Merkel, left, and Polish Prime Minister Mateusz Morawiecki shake hands before talks on European Union future and security and on bilateral ties, at his office in Warsaw, Poland, Monday, March 19, 2018. ...
(AP Photo/Czarek Sokolowski). German Chancellor Angela Merkel during wallkom ceremony before talks with Poland's Prime Minister Mateusz Morawiecki on European Union future and security and on bilateral ties at his office in Warsaw, Poland, Monday, Marc...
WARSAW, Poland (AP) - German Chancellor Angela Merkel is in Poland for top-level talks that will focus on the European Union's future and security, and on bilateral issues between the neighboring countries.
Merkel was greeted Monday by Polish Prime Minister Mateusz Morawiecki before going into talks on the EU's post-Brexit future, the bloc's budget, ways of solving the migration crisis and Poland's refusal to accept migrants under an EU plan.
They will also discuss the EU's energy security and Poland's opposition to a planned Russia-to-Germany gas pipeline, as well as Europe's strained relations with Moscow.
Merkel will also meet with President Andrzej Duda.
She is making her second foreign trip, after visiting Paris, since she was sworn in for a fourth term last week.
Germany's new foreign minister visited Warsaw on Friday.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Xbox is getting Discord account integration to connect with PC players
Microsoft has announced that Discord account integration is coming to the Xbox One, as is Xbox Live integration for the Discord app. This will allow Discord users to see what their Xbox friends are playing.
The post Xbox is getting Discord account integration to connect with PC players appeared first on Digital Trends.
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Digital Trends. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Wike to Fed Govt: give us true federalism
The Nation Newspaper
Rivers State Governor Nyesom Wike has called for what he described as true federalism where all federating units are allowed to develop in line with their potentials and resources. The governor emphasised that the demand for true federalism simply …
and more »
The BLM will host the first of two adoption events this weekend. The event is scheduled to take place from 9 a.m. to 3 p.m. June 16 and June 17. The event is scheduled to take place at the Wild Horse Facility located on Lionkol Road.
The BLM hopes to adopt out forty horses from a facility in Nevada. All of the horses will be available on a first-come, first-served basis.
The adoption fee for the horses is $125, and applicants must pass a pre-purchase application process.
For more information contact: Kathi Fine – (307) 352-0292 or (307) 389-2874.
One more step ....
We've sent a confirmation to your email address — please click the activate button. Then access is all yours!
If you can't see the activation email in your inbox, check your junk mail folder. If you haven't received an activation email within 30 minutes please contact support@crikey.com.au and we'll help you out.
UCLA quarterback Josh Rosen and USC quarterback Sam Darnold are both projected to be top drafts picks if they choose to enter the NFL draft, but is the possibility of being selected by the woeful Cleveland Browns enough to persuade one or both of them to stay in school? (Getty Images/Associated Press)
USC Trojans quarterback Sam Darnold (14) hands off to teammate running back Ronald Jones II (25) against the Texas Longhorns during a NCAA college football game at the Los Angeles Memorial Coliseum in Los Angeles, on Saturday, Sept. 16, 2017. USC Trojans won in double over-time 27-24. (Photo by Keith Birmingham, Pasadena Star-News/SCNG)
Sound The gallery will resume in seconds
USC quarterback Sam Darnold walks off the field after Saturday's game against Oregon State at the Coliseum. Comments Darnold made after the game left him feeling he needed to apologize to some members of the coaching staff. (AP Photo/Alex Gallardo)
USC Trojans quarterback Sam Darnold (14) scrambles against UCLA Bruins defensive back Nate Meadors (22) during the first half of an NCAA college football game at the Los Angeles Memorial Coliseum in Los Angeles, on Saturday, Nov. 18, 2017. (Photo by Keith Birmingham, Pasadena Star-News/SCNG)
San Clemente quarterback Sam Darnold throws a pass against Newport Harbor during their game at Newport Harbor High School Sept. 26, 2014. (KENT TREPTOW, CONTRIBUTING PHOTOGRAPHER)
San Clemente quarterback Sam Darnold leaps over a Dana Hills player to score a touchdown at San Clemente High School on Sept. 12, 2014. (FOSTER SNELL, ORANGE COUNTY REGISTER)
San Clemente quarterback Sam Darnold slipped out of the sack attempt by Foothill's Jack Campbell in the first half of a 2014 CIF-SS playoff game at Tustin High School . (BILL ALKOFER, – ORANGE COUNTY REGISTER)
USC quarterback Sam Darnold runs past Utah linebacker Sunia Tauteoli during last season's game at Salt Lake City, Utah. USC lost in Darnold's first start, 31-27. (AP Photo/Rick Bowmer)
Quarter Back Sam Darnold raises his hands during a pep rally. USC's jock rally is one of the football program's lesser known traditions and one of its longest, having started in the 60s. The gist is the band and song girls greet the players right after their Friday afternoon walk through for a brief 10-15 min. rally. The band plays a couple songs. A player and a coach usually give some sort of pep talk. It is distinctly collegiate. Los Angeles, CA 9/15/2017 (Photo by John McCoy, Los Angeles Daily News/SCNG)
The photo from 2014 features the top high school quarterbacks in Orange County going into that season. From left, Devon Modster (Tesoro), Cole Norris (Newport Harbor), KJ Costello (Santa Margarita), Travis Waller (Servite), Sam Darnold, (San Clemente), Nick Robinson (JSerra) and Trey Tinsley (El Toro) on the field at Orange Coast College. (File photo: Michael Goulding, Orange County Register)
USC quarterback Sam Darnold wears a red bracelet in honor of Nick Pasquale, the former UCLA walk-on receiver who died in 2013. Among three bracelets Darnold wears, the red one has Pasquale's name printed in black letters. Pasquale, like Darnold, was from San Clemente High. (Photo by John McCoy, Los Angeles Daily News/SCNG)
USC quarterback Sam Darnold tries to escape the grasp of an Arizona defensive lineman during the second half of their game earlier this month. While USC has no trouble scoring in the fourth quarter of games, its offense has often been sluggish in the third quarter. (Photo by John McCoy, Los Angeles Daily News/SCNG)
USC Trojans quarterback Sam Darnold prior to a NCAA college football game against the UCLA Bruins at the Los Angeles Memorial Coliseum in Los Angeles, on Saturday, Nov. 18, 2017. (Photo by Keith Birmingham, Pasadena Star-News/SCNG)
USC Trojans quarterback Sam Darnold (14) walks off the field smiling after defeating the UCLA Bruins 28-23 during a NCAA college football game at the Los Angeles Memorial Coliseum in Los Angeles, on Saturday, Nov. 18, 2017. (Photo by Keith Birmingham, Pasadena Star-News/SCNG)
USC Trojans quarterback Sam Darnold (14) hands off to teammate running back Ronald Jones II (25) against the Texas Longhorns during a NCAA college football game at the Los Angeles Memorial Coliseum in Los Angeles, on Saturday, Sept. 16, 2017. USC Trojans won in double over-time 27-24. (Photo by Keith Birmingham, Pasadena Star-News/SCNG)
USC Trojans quarterback Sam Darnold (14) against the Texas Longhorns during a NCAA college football game at the Los Angeles Memorial Coliseum in Los Angeles, on Saturday, Sept. 16, 2017. USC Trojans won in double over-time 27-24. (Photo by Keith Birmingham, Pasadena Star-News/SCNG)
USC Trojans quarterback Sam Darnold (14) passes against the UCLA Bruins in the first half of a NCAA college football game at the Rose Bowl in Pasadena, Calif., Saturday, Nov. 19, 2016. (Photo by Keith Birmingham, Pasadena Star-News/SCNG)
USC Trojans quarterback Sam Darnold against the UCLA Bruins during the first half of an NCAA college football game at the Los Angeles Memorial Coliseum in Los Angeles, on Saturday, Nov. 18, 2017. (Photo by Keith Birmingham, Pasadena Star-News/SCNG)
Southern California quarterback Sam Darnold (14) throws a pass against Stanford during the first half of of the Pac-12 Conference championship NCAA college football game in Santa Clara, Calif., Friday, Dec. 1, 2017. (AP Photo/Marcio Jose Sanchez)
Sam Darnold, 20, San Clemente The USC quarterback engineered a 15-point comeback in the highest-scoring Rose Bowl in January, becoming an overnight national star, then led the Trojans to a second straight 10-win season this fall. ( Photo by John McCoy, Los Angeles Daily News/SCNG
USC's Sam Darnold (14) had few opportunities to throw without pressure from the Ohio State defense on Friday at the Cotton Bowl. (AP Photo/LM Otero)
USC's Sam Darnold works in the rain Wednesday, March 21, 2018, during Pro Day at USC. (Photo by David Crane, Los Angeles Daily News/SCNG)
ARLINGTON, TX – DECEMBER 29: Sam Darnold #14 of the USC Trojans looks for an open receiver against Nick Bosa #97 of the Ohio State Buckeyes during the Goodyear Cotton Bowl Classic at AT&T Stadium on December 29, 2017 in Arlington, Texas. (Photo by Tom Pennington/Getty Images)
USC's Sam Darnold, right, and Ronald Jones II at Pro Day at USC Wednesday. ( Photo by David Crane, Los Angeles Daily News/SCNG)
USC's Sam Darnold works in the rain during Pro Day at USC Wednesday. ( Photo by David Crane, Los Angeles Daily News/SCNG)
USC's Sam Darnold at Pro Day at USC Wednesday. ( Photo by David Crane, Los Angeles Daily News/SCNG)
UCLA Bruins quarterback Josh Rosen (3) walks off the field as the USC Trojans defeated the UCLA Bruins 28-23 during a NCAA college football game at the Los Angeles Memorial Coliseum in Los Angeles, on Saturday, Nov. 18, 2017. (Photo by Keith Birmingham, Pasadena Star-News/SCNG)
UCLA Bruins quarterback Josh Rosen passes against the USC Trojans during the second half of an NCAA college football game at the Los Angeles Memorial Coliseum in Los Angeles, on Saturday, Nov. 18, 2017. USC Trojans won 28-23. (Photo by Keith Birmingham, Pasadena Star-News/SCNG)
UCLA Bruins quarterback Josh Rosen (3) against the USC Trojans during the first half of an NCAA college football game at the Los Angeles Memorial Coliseum in Los Angeles, on Saturday, Nov. 18, 2017. (Photo by Keith Birmingham, Pasadena Star-News/SCNG)
USC Trojans safety Chris Hawkins (4) sacks UCLA Bruins quarterback Josh Rosen (3) during the second half of an NCAA college football game at the Los Angeles Memorial Coliseum in Los Angeles, on Saturday, Nov. 18, 2017. USC Trojans won 28-23. (Photo by Keith Birmingham, Pasadena Star-News/SCNG)
Josh Rosen and Jim Mora share a laugh during a UCLA football practice last year. (Photo by Brad Graverson)
UCLA Bruins quarterback Josh Rosen passes against the USC Trojans during the second half of an NCAA college football game at the Los Angeles Memorial Coliseum in Los Angeles, on Saturday, Nov. 18, 2017. USC Trojans won 28-23. The star junior quarterback is projected to be a top pick in April's 2018 NFL Draft, although he has yet to officially decide on whether to forgo his senior year. (Photo by Keith Birmingham, Pasadena Star-News/SCNG)
UCLA quarterback Josh Rosen #3 during their game against Cal at the Rose Bowl in Pasadena, CA., Friday, Nov 24, 2017. (Photo by Hans Gutknecht, Los Angeles Daily News/SCNG)
Former Bruin quarterback Josh Rosen throws the football during NFL Pro Day at UCLA in Westwood on Thursday, Mar 15, 2018. NFL scouts gathered on UCLA's practice field to watch draft prospects perform. (Photo by Scott Varley, Contributing Photographer)
Former Bruin quarterback Josh Rosen throws the football during NFL Pro Day at UCLA in Westwood on Thursday, Mar 15, 2018. NFL scouts gathered on UCLA's practice field to watch draft prospects perform. (Photo by Scott Varley, Contributing Photographer)
UCLA quarterback Josh Rosen passes during UCLA's pro day for NFL draft prospects in Los Angeles, Thursday, March 15, 2018. (AP Photo/Michael Owen Baker)
UCLA quarterback Josh Rosen, right, is interviewed by NFL Network reporter Mike Mayock following UCLA's pro day for NFL draft prospects in Los Angeles, Thursday, March 15, 2018. (AP Photo/Michael Owen Baker)
Former Bruin quarterback Josh Rosen works out with former teammates during NFL Pro Day at UCLA in Westwood on Thursday, Mar 15, 2018. NFL scouts gathered on UCLA's practice field to watch draft prospects perform. (Photo by Scott Varley, Contributing Photographer)
Former teammates Josh Rosen, left, and Kolton Miller wait to workout during NFL Pro Day at UCLA in Westwood on Thursday, Mar 15, 2018. NFL scouts gathered on UCLA's practice field to watch draft prospects perform. (Photo by Scott Varley, Contributing Photographer)
Former Bruin quarterback Josh Rosen throws the football during NFL Pro Day at UCLA in Westwood on Thursday, Mar 15, 2018. NFL scouts gathered on UCLA's practice field to watch draft prospects perform. (Photo by Scott Varley, Contributing Photographer)
CIF SS Pac-5 Division football playoff Long Beach Cabrillo vs. St. John Bosco at Cerritos College Friday November 14, 2014. St. John Bosco QB Josh Rosen looks to pass as Cabrillo's Larry Todd closes in. Photo By Robert Casillas / Daily Breeze
UCLA Bruins quarterback Josh Rosen is expected to be among top picks in this week's NFL Draft. (Photo by Keith Birmingham, Pasadena Star-News/SCNG)
St. John Bosco's Josh Rosen (3) jumps into the stands to celebrate with fans their win against De La Salle in the CIF State Football Bowl Championships Saturday, December 21, 2013, at the Stub Hub Center in Carson, CA. Bosco won 20-14. Photo by Steve McCrank/DailyBreeze
UCLA offensive lineman Kolton Miller looks to block for quarterback Josh Rosen against Texas A&M during an NCAA college football game, Sunday, Sept. 3, 2017, in Pasadena, Calif. UCLA won 45-44. (AP Photo/Danny Moloshok)
UCLA quarterback Josh Rosen #3 reacts after throwing a first quarter touchdown pass during their game against Cal at the Rose Bowl in Pasadena, CA., Friday, Nov 24, 2017. (Photo by Hans Gutknecht, Los Angeles Daily News/SCNG)
San Diego State running back Rashaad Penny runs a drill during the NFL football scouting combine, Friday, March 2, 2018, in Indianapolis. (AP Photo/Darron Cummings)
Rashaad Penny had a huge season as a Norwalk High senior in 2013. (Photo by Scott Varley, Daily Breeze) “
The NFL Draft not only shapes the future for all 32 teams but serves as a launching pad for young prospects taking the next step in their football career.
Quarterbacks Josh Rosen of UCLA and Sam Darnold of USC are among the top of the class, not only at their position but for the overall draft class.
Both quarterbacks will have a chance to walk across the stage when they have their names called by a team but the question remains as to who those teams will be.
To find out where they land, you can watch the NFL Draft using the information below or following our live updates from the draft at AT&T Stadium in Arlington, Texas.
Round 1:
Thursday, April 26 (5 p.m. PT)
NFL Network, FOX, ESPN, ESPN2, ESPN Deportes (Spanish)
Rounds 2-3:
Friday, April 27 (4 p.m. PT)
NFL Network, FOX, ESPN/ESPN2
Rounds 4-7:
Saturday, April 28 (9 a.m. PT)
NFL Network, ABC, ESPN
ACROSS THE STAGE
The league has confirmed 22 prospects that will walk across the stage after there name has been called.
The list includes:
Sam Darnold , QB, USC
, QB, USC Josh Rosen , QB, UCLA
, QB, UCLA Kolton Miller , OT, UCLA
, OT, UCLA Jaire Alexander , CB, Louisville
, CB, Louisville Josh Allen , QB, Wyoming
, QB, Wyoming Saquon Barkley , RB, Penn State
, RB, Penn State Taven Bryan , DT, Florida
, DT, Florida Bradley Chubb , DE, North Carolina State
, DE, North Carolina State Marcus Davenport , DE, UTSA
, DE, UTSA Tremaine Edmunds , LB, Virginia Tech
, LB, Virginia Tech Rashaan Evans , LB, Alabama
, LB, Alabama Minkah Fitzpatrick , DB, Alabama
, DB, Alabama Shaquem Griffin , LB, Central Florida
, LB, Central Florida Derrius Guice , RB, LSU
, RB, LSU Josh Jackson , CB, Iowa
, CB, Iowa Lamar Jackson , QB, Louisville
, QB, Louisville Derwin James , S, Florida State
, S, Florida State Roquan Smith , LB, Georgia
, LB, Georgia Leighton Vander Esch , LB, Boise State
, LB, Boise State Vita Vea , DT, Washington
, DT, Washington Denzel Ward , CB, Ohio State
, CB, Ohio State Connor Williams, OT, Texas
SILENT NIGHT
As of Tuesday, at least three teams are set up to have a quiet night on the first day of the draft. The Los Angeles Rams, the Kansas City Chiefs and the Houston Texans do not have a first round pick.
LIVE UPDATES
#BBNaija: Tonto Dikeh blasts Tunde Ednut for saying Nina should stop using an Android phone
Tonto Dikeh has slammed Tunde Ednut for subbing Nina to stop using an Android phone.
This comes after Tunde posted a not-so-clear video from Nina's first Instagram live post since she left the house.
“Nina, stop using Android.” Tunde wrote;
Tonto took to his comment section and wrote;
“Tunde you have been a celebrity longer than I can remember,so you can afford a phone.. Send her one she needs it,We are waiting since you are the first to notice it!!”
Leave a Comment…
comments
The post #BBNaija: Tonto Dikeh blasts Tunde Ednut for saying Nina should stop using an Android phone appeared first on INFORMATION NIGERIA.
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from INFORMATION NIGERIA. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Immigrant families are scared to seek health care say local doctors-- afraid of being "on the record" #abc7news pic.twitter.com/7Qug0cw48r — Leslie Brinkley (@lrbrinkley) October 6, 2017
Doctors in the East Bay say they are seeing the effects that fear is having on the health of their immigrant patients. They say sometimes those patients are even scared to go to the doctor.Dr. Jyothi Marbin is the Director of Pediatric Research for the underserved residency program at UCSF and she says she has seen people un-enrolling from programs like food stamps and she has even seen families afraid to come into clinics or the doctor's office.Marbin says it's because of concerns that they might be put on the record in some way and they might be putting themselves or their families at risk of deportation.Marbin decided to organize an immigrant healthcare symposium tomorrow in Oakland, bringing together over 200 providers, clinicians, and politicians.Pediatrician Dr. Noemi Spinazzi is on the front lines seeing kids with stomachaches and headaches as she says they succumb to stress over fears of the family members deportation. Or they don't go to the doctor if they are sick.Spinazzi says she also sees families who are afraid to report domestic violence for fear of repercussions from the government.Starting a dialogue on all of this is a way for Dr. Marbin to start creating a supportive environment she says, so immigrants can feel like they can see a doctor without fear despite their immigration status.
62,140 Candidates To Rewrite Their 2017 UTME Examination – JAMB [SEE WHY]
The Joint Admissions and Matriculation Board has blacklisted 48 Computer-Based Test centres and ordered a total of 62,140 candidates to rewrite the 2017 Unified Tertiary Matriculation Examination, UTME over their alleged involvement in extortion and organised examination malpractices.
JAMB's Registrar, Prof. Is-haq Oloyede, made the disclosure on Wednesday in Abuja at a news conference at the end of an enlarged meeting with external examiners and other stakeholders in the conduct of the 2017 UTME.
Oloyede, who also announced the cancellation of the results of 59,698 candidates who sat for the examination, said another 24 CBT centres had been suspended for one year for failing to live up to expectations.
According to Oloyede, the 62,140 cancelled results include of 57,646 candidates in centres-induced malpractice, 3,811 late registration, and 683 candidates who had biometric challenges.
“The (24 CBT) centres will not participate in the 2018 UTME, but they can be reconsidered for 2019 and above.
“The de-listing of 48 centres from participating in the board's examination in future is as a result of serious technical deficiencies, extortion, organised examination malpractices and other damaging infractions.”
He said that JAMB had fixed July 1, 2017 as the date for supplementary examination for candidates who registered late for this year's UTME.
Oloyede added that some of the candidates whose results were cancelled would also take part in the rescheduled exam.
The JAMB boss said the decision to allow the candidates sit for the rescheduled examination was reached after a thorough review of all the reports that emanated from their centres.
According to him, 1,386 candidates have their results cancelled over examination malpractice; 57,646 results were also affected as a result of centres-induced malpractices; while the results of 666 candidates were cancelled due to multiple examinations.
He listed the categories of candidates whose results were cancelled but who would take part in the rescheduled examination to include candidates of centres with mass malpractices but who are deemed innocent, and those with biometric non-verification machine-related issues.
Others include technical and log-out issues, late registration, incomplete results and candidates who lost examination sessions due to malfunctioning of servers at the affected centres. (NAN)
The post 62,140 Candidates To Rewrite Their 2017 UTME Examination – JAMB [SEE WHY] appeared first on Ngyab.
This post was syndicated from Ngyab. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
A major sticking point between the House and Senate versions of a tax reform package is the estate tax. The House wants to kill it. The Senate wants to keep it in some form, but with a higher threshold.
The current exemption is $5.49 million for a single person, $10.98 million for a married couple. The Senate tax bill would raise the couple's exemption to $22 million. Prior to 2001, the exemption was $650,000.
Only the wealthiest Americans -- about 0.2 percent of the population -- are subject to the tax, the effective rate of which is 17 percent. The top rate is 40 percent, but many people are able to reduce that exposure through selective investments.
Axing the tax altogether would cost the U.S Treasury about $269 billion over 10 years.
One of the arguments for repealing or cutting the estate tax is that it unfairly punishes small businesses and family farms. The Tax Policy Center estimates the estate tax will be levied on a total of 80 small businesses or farms in 2017.
Disagreement over the estate tax is one thing that could derail action on a tax package. Senate Republicans can't afford more than two "no" votes to pass it, as all Democrats are expected to oppose it.
What do you think? Should the estate tax be eliminated, cut, retained in its current forms, hiked? Have a say in our informal poll, and feel free to join the discussion in the comments section.
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Jigawa, Axon sign MoU on sesame export
By Aliyu Dangida
DUTSE— Jigawa State government has signed a Memorandum of Understanding, MoU, with Axon Link Company for the purchase, packaging and export of sesame.
Managing Director of Investment and Property Limited, Alhaji Halliru Said, signed on behalf of the state government, while Managing Director of the company, Alhaji Mohammed Lawal Jafaru, signed for the company.
The government said the MoU would include packaging and export of sesame.
Speaking at the ceremony, the state Deputy Governor, Mr Ibrahim Hadejia, said the company was selected among companies that indicated interest in the MoU.
Hassan said more companies have indicated interest to invest in sesame production in the state, adding that government would provide all necessary support and cooperation to ensure the success of the MoU.
In his speech, Commissioner for Commerce and Industry, Alhaji Aminu Yalleman, expressed gratitude to the state governor and his deputy for their efforts to improve business and agricultural development in the state.
The post Jigawa, Axon sign MoU on sesame export appeared first on Vanguard News.
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Vanguard News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
The iPhone X is built with gestures in mind, taking MultiTouch to the next level as it's now the main way to interact with the iPhone. Doing things as simple as double-tapping the Home button to show the App Switcher, using Reachability for items at the top of the screen, and Force Quitting apps has changed.
These are the top five gestures that you need to know to take full advantage of the iPhone X.
SEE: Mobile device computing policy (Tech Pro Research)
1: How to access the App Switcher on the iPhone X
On previous versions of iOS hardware, accessing the App Switcher to swap to another app or force quit an app was as simple as double-tapping the home button; however, with iPhone X, the home button is no more.
To access the App Switcher—whether you're in an app or on the Home Screen—you'll use the Home gesture (swipe up from the bottom), except you'll stop halfway up the screen and pause. The view will change to the App Switcher you know and love (Figure A).
Figure A
2. How to force quit apps on the iPhone X
Inside of the App Switcher, you may be wondering how to force quit an app, because in this new switcher, swiping up does not quit the app. To force quit an app, launch the App Switcher, then tap and hold on an app. This will enter editing mode where you can either choose the "-" button that appears in the corner of each open app, or swipe up as you would on a non-iPhone X iOS device.
As we've mentioned in a previous article, you only need to Force Quit unresponsive apps. There is no need to force quit apps on a regular basis.
3. How to quickly swipe to the previously used app on the iPhone X
The Home Indicator at the bottom of the screen gives you many capabilities at a single tap or swipe. Swiping from left to right on the Home Indicator will launch the previously used app from the App Switcher without the need to open the App Switcher. This feature is very useful on the iPhone and greatly improves multitasking capabilities because it lets you jump between apps quickly and efficiently.
SEE: Cybersecurity in an IoT and mobile world (ZDNet special report) | Download the report as a PDF (TechRepublic)
4. How to enable Reachability on the iPhone X
Reachability is an accessibility feature that can be enabled on previous iPhone models by double-tapping on the Home Button to slide the top of the screen down by half the screen to make top items more reachable while holding the device with one hand. With the Home Button gone, this feature has changed slightly and is not enabled by default.
To enable Reachability in iOS 11.1.1, follow these steps.
Open the Settings app. Navigate to General | Accessibility. Enable the option for Reachability (Figure B).
Figure B
To use Reachability once it's enabled, swipe down on the Home Indicator at the bottom of the screen. You'll see the current app slide halfway down the screen, giving you easier access to reach the items at the top of the screen.
5. How to manage the iPhone X's Home Screen
On an iPhone X, you may be wondering how to exit out of Home Screen arranging mode (aka jiggly mode). First, enter this mode by tapping and holding on an icon or folder on the Home Screen. The icons will begin wiggling, and you can rearrange them. To exit this mode, swipe up from the bottom like you would to exit to the Home Screen from an app. In iOS 11.1.1, a Done button appears in the top right corner of the screen in the status bar area—Tapping this button will also exit editing mode.
For more iPhone tips and tricks, subscribe to our Apple Weekly newsletter. Subscribe
Also see
Humans, Mr. Harari warned, “have created such a complicated world that we're no longer able to make sense of what is happening.”
The World Bank approved $100 million in loans to Cambodia to bolster secondary education by improving schools and educators' qualifications, and to make rural roads more navigable and climate-resilient, according to a statement released on Friday.
The announcement came about a year after the bank lifted a freeze on funding to the country that was imposed since at least 2011 in protest of the forced eviction of 3,000 families from Phnom Penh's Boeng Kak neighborhood. The bank's plan to resume funding was met with opposition from NGOs at the time.
Finance Ministry official Vongsey Vissoth welcomed the World Bank's support, which he said was aligned with the government's development priorities.
“These projects will indeed help strengthen the government's efforts in improving the quality of education and transport connectivity,” Mr. Vissoth said in the statement.
One $40 million loan will fund the renovation of 100 lower-secondary schools for students in grades 7 to 9, construction of 30 new schools and development of performance standards for school administrators and teachers, especially in mathematics, sciences, Khmer language and history, the World Bank says.
Enrollment in grade-7-to-9 schools increased from 31.9 percent in 2009 to 51.5 percent in 2015, according to the bank—an improvement that nevertheless fell short of the government's enrollment goals of about 67 percent for 2014 to 2015 and 74 percent for 2015 to 2016.
Last year, 70 percent of schools sampled by the Education Ministry and the World Bank experienced room shortages, suggesting overcrowded classrooms.
The majority of all schools don't have enough teachers, with many educators feeling underpaid and overburdened, in addition to holding low qualifications, the World Bank says.
An Education Ministry spokesman did not immediately reply to a request for comment.
In addition to the education financing scheme, a $60 million loan will fund the rehabilitation of about 250 km of rural roads in six provinces along the Mekong River and the Tonle Sap—Stung Treng, Kratie, Kompong Cham, Tbong Khmum, Siem Reap and Kandal—and upgrade roads to withstand flooding, reduce the high costs of regular reconstruction and provide better road access to rural areas, the statement says.
In 2012, 26,900 km of rural roads out of a total 40,000 km had been rehabilitated, according to the Rural Development Ministry.
But a World Bank assessment from December said more than 80 percent of rural roads were unpaved, “causing significant problems during the wet season due to road destruction and high operation and management costs.”
The World Bank projects will be implemented by the education, rural development and finance ministries, with the loans coming from the International Development Association, the bank's fund for poor countries, and include 38-year terms of maturity and a six-year grace period, according to the bank.
surrusco@cambodiadaily.com
© 2017, The Cambodia Daily. All rights reserved. No part of this article may be reproduced in print, electronically, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed without written permission.
Photos of Nigerian soldiers clearing gutters, roads in Lagos
Men of the Nigerian Army attached to the 174 Battalion took to the roads of Lagos to provide community service by helping clear the gutters and the roads as the rain has caused heavy flooding in most parts of the state. The soldiers were spotted at Odogunyan bus stop, Ikorodu, Lagos clearing the debris which […]
The post Photos of Nigerian soldiers clearing gutters, roads in Lagos appeared first on Nigerian: Breaking News In Nigeria | Laila's Blog.
This post was syndicated from Nigerian: Breaking News In Nigeria | Laila's Blog. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Man kills wife, stepson after sex in bush
The Punch
A 35 year-old man from Ikot-Okpora village in Biase Local Government Area of Cross River State, Okon Ubem, has allegedly killed his wife, Eka Imaobong, after having sex with her in the farm. The suspect, who will soon be charged to court for murder, is …
and more »
Growing up in southwestern Virginia in recent decades, poet Molly McCully Brown often passed by a state institution in Amherst County that was once known as the "Virginia State Colony for Epileptics and Feebleminded."
Since 1983 the facility, which was founded in 1910, has been called the Central Virginia Training Center, and it is now a residential home for people with various intellectual disabilities. But in the early 20th century, the place Brown now refers to as "the colony" was part of the eugenics movement taking hold in the U.S., and a variety of treatments now considered inhumane were practiced there — including forced sterilization. Brown, who has cerebral palsy, notes that had she been born in an earlier era, she might have been sent to live at the institution herself.
"It is impossible to know that for sure," she says. "I can look at my life and look at my family and look at my parents and think, No, never. That never would have happened. But I also understand that if I had been born 50 years earlier, the climate was very different."
She hopes to give voice to those early generations of residents, in her book of poetry, The Virginia State Colony For Epileptics And Feebleminded.
For Brown, the themes of disability and poetry have been constant throughout her life: "In my life, there has always been my body in some state of falling apart or disrepair or attempting to be fixed, and there has always been poetry. And I couldn't untwine those things if I tried."
Interview Highlights
On seeing the buildings and grounds of the old facility
It was incredibly moving and incredibly powerful. The place is interesting because it is still an operational facility for adults with really serious disabilities, although it is in the process of closing. But like a lot of things in Virginia, it was initially built on an enormous amount of land. And, so, a really interesting thing happened, which is that as the buildings that were originally part of the colony fell into disrepair, they were largely just moved out of — and new buildings were built on accompanying land, but those original buildings were not necessarily torn down. So the place itself is this really strange combination of functioning facility and ghost town of everything that it has been. I've never been in a place that felt more acutely haunted in my life.
On how some people assume her physical disability means she also has an intellectual disability
We do have a strange tendency in this country to equate any kind of disability with less intellectual capability and with even a less complete humanity. Certainly as a child and as a teenager — and even now as an adult — [I] encountered people who assumed that just because I used a wheelchair, maybe I couldn't even speak to them. I often get questions directed at people I'm with, as opposed to me, and that's a really interesting phenomenon.
On the connection between poetry and theology
Both poetry and theology for me are about paying attention to the world in a very intentional way, and about admitting a mystery that is bigger than anything that I rationally understand. ... I think poetry has always been for me a kind of prayer. So those things feel very linked for me. And, again, poetry does feel like the first — and in some ways best — language I ever had for mystery and for my sense of what exists beyond the world we're currently living in.
On how Catholicism has helped her accept her body
One of the things that I find so moving about Catholicism is that it never forgets that to be a person is inherently and inescapably and necessarily to be in a body — a body that brings you pain, a body that brings you pleasure, a body that can be a barrier to thinking more completely about your life and your soul — but [that it] can also be a vehicle to delivering you into better communion with the world, with other people and to whatever divinity it is that you believe in.
What Catholicism did for me, in part, is give me a framework in which to understand my body as not an accident or a punishment or a mistake, but as the body that I am meant to have and that is constitutive of so much of who I am and what I've done and what I hope I will do in the world.
More and more ... I've come to see my body as a place of pride and potential, and as something that gives me a unique outlook onto the world. And I'd rather that, I guess, than be infuriated by it.
On her twin sister, who died shortly after birth
She lived about 36 hours after we were born. ... It's a phenomenon in my life that I have not a lot of rational explanation for, ... but it is true that I miss my sister with a kind of intense specificity that has no rational explanation, and that I feel aware of her presence in this way that I can't exactly explain or articulate, but which feels undeniable to me. ...
I do think that that sort of gave me no other option than to believe in some kind of something beyond this current mortal life that we're living. Because what is the explanation otherwise for the fact that I feel like I miss and I know this person who only lived a matter of hours? And for the fact as much as I know that she is dead and is gone in a real way, she doesn't feel "disappeared" to me.
On how her physical disability and her poetry are intertwined
I think the easiest way I have of describing it is I have two [early] memories. ... One of them is of sitting on a table in a hospital room in the children's hospital in St. Louis, choosing the flavor of the anesthetic gas I was going to breathe when they put me under to do my first major surgery. I was picking between cherry and butterscotch and grape. And the second memory that I have is of my father reading a Robert Hayden poem called "Those Winter Sundays."
Roberta Shorrock and Therese Madden produced and edited this interview for broadcast. Bridget Bentz, Molly Seavy-Nesper and Deborah Franklin adapted it for the Web.
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Pat Elder reveals how US military recruiters lock young people into contracts of life and death. Donate to order this gift now!
As you'd imagine, the convertible is basically a combination of the existing XPS 13 design with a foldable hinge, which allows you either to keep it in a tent orientation, or fold the screen all the way back. And before you ask -- yes, it packs in the XPS 13's "InfinityEdge" design, which leaves a mere 5.2mm bezel around the 13.3-inch screen. It comes in 1080p and QuadHD+ (3200 by 1800 pixels) variants, includes 7th generation Intel Core i5 or i7 processors and fits up to 16GB of RAM and a 1TB SSD.
Dell also managed to make the XPS 13 2-in-1 completely fanless, so it should remain quiet even under heavy workloads (though it'd be interesting to see if performance falls as things heat up). At 2.7 pounds and 13.3mm tall, it's slightly slimmer than HP's new Spectre x360, which clocks in at 2.85 pounds and 13.8 mm thin.
The convertible also features 2 USB 3.0 ports, one of which is Thunderbolt 3.0 compatible. You'll be able to charge the laptop, or power up to two 4K display at once, from the Thunderbolt port. And, in a nice gesture, you'll also get a USB-A to USB-C adapter for connecting your older peripherals. Another port or two would have been nice, but don't be surprised if plenty of ultraportables this year end up settling on just two USB-C ports. (2017 will truly be the year of the dongle.)
In my short time with it, the XPS 2-in-1 felt just as sturdy as the standard model, with a tough aluminum case and carbon fiber wristpad. The backlit keyboard feels a bit shallower — which makes sense since it also needs to double as a tablet — but still seems comfortable to use. And while its hinges aren't as fetching as what we've seen from Lenovo's hybrids, they feel like they'll hold up to plenty of folding and unfolding.
You can snag the XPS 13 2-in-1 for $1,000 starting on January 5th. It's a bit more expensive than the standard $800 XPS 13, but it'll be worth it if you really want to veg and watch Netflix in bed.
Unpaid N800b subsidy arrears threaten banks, downstream sector
Unless the Federal Government urgently offsets the accumulated subsidy arrears, interest on loans and the foreign exchange differentials of N800 billion that accrued to petroleum marketers between 2014 and 2017, the Nigerian banking system and the downstream sector may face serious challenges.
The Ministry of Finance is yet to pay the N800 billion for imported petrol, despite a directive by the Acting President Yemi Osinbajo that the marketers should be paid without delay.
The marketers now import less than three per cent of the country's demand, leaving the Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation (NNPC) to take full responsibility of importation of petroleum products into the country. They said, although, the Federal Government has scrapped subsidy regime, interest on loan has continued to accumulate from 2014 to 2017.
Already, many of the petroleum marketers have embarked upon staff retrenchment after stopping the importation of PMS thereby depending on supplies from NNPC.
The marketers, comprising Major Oil Marketers of Nigeria (MOMAN), Independent Petroleum Marketers Association of Nigeria (IPMAN), and Depot and Petroleum Products Marketers Association (DAPPMA), said their inability to pay or service the loans, has not only stalled the importation of fuel by the private marketers but is also threatening the operations of the affected banks and the country's financial system.
Experts who spoke with The Guardian yesterday said that the unpaid debt would lead to a serious crisis in the banking sector, which they said was already burdened by a series of bad debts, with the majority of these coming from the oil and gas sector.
The group said in a statement by its Legal Adviser, Patrick Etim, which was made available to The Guardian yesterday that the debt had greatly impeded their ability to operate. “Our operating funds have been eroded, the situation has curtailed our ability to access funds from the financial institutions and some of our members have resorted to staff retrenchment due to inactivity. Besides, our worst fear is that AMCON at some point may take over our firms as a result of this debt. It is for these reasons and other challenges facing the downstream petroleum subsector that we seek government's intervention to approve the immediate payment of the debt,” they added.
To the marketers, urgent intervention of the government and authorisation to pay the outstanding debt will enable them to commence importation of petrol.
“Acting President Osinbajo summoned a meeting on May 22, 2017 in which the Minister of Finance, Minister of State for Petroleum Resources and the Central Bank governor were in attendance. The meeting was on how to pay the debt.”
“Osinbajo, at the end of the meeting, directed the Minister of Finance to within two weeks resolve the problem of the outstanding debt to them, adding that the Minister of State for Petroleum should confirm the indebtedness at the meeting. He said government would do everything possible to clear the debt so the marketers can commence the importation of petrol. As it stands now, only the Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation (NNPC) currently imports petrol,” the marketers said.
According to them, the foreign exchange differentials, which arose as a result of the initial devaluation of the naira by the last administration from the initial N165/$1 and the interest payable due to delayed reimbursement by the government, both of which the Federal Government had approved for payment to marketers, have not been fully settled by the appropriate government agencies.
Efforts to confirm Osinbajo's directive for payment of the debt failed as press time.
The marketers said: “The recent further devaluation of the naira from N195 to N285 and later to over N305 to $1, while the Federal Government agencies based their reimbursement calculation on N197 to $1, has left members of our association with additional debt burden in excess of N300 billion. The downstream subsector is now saddled with a debt burden of over N400 billion, which keeps rising because the banks are still charging interests on it until the total debt is fully liquidated.
“As a result of the unpaid interest and foreign exchange differentials, we are becoming insolvent and financially handicapped to continue operating profitably. Commercial banks, the original and actual owners of these funds are already hard hit by our inability to return these funds within the ‘contract tenure of 45 days' and have, in line with the Central Bank of Nigeria's guidelines, ‘classified' marketers' accounts in all the banks in the country.”
According to the statement, the marketers are unable to pay because the sums they owe the banks form part of what they are in turn owed by the government and their inability to pay or service the loans, has not only stalled their further importation of fuel but is threatening the operation of the affected banks and the nation's financial industry at large.
“The problem of the banks is compounded by the fact that they provided billions of dollars to finance the importation of cargoes of petrol. They opened Letters of Credit at approximated exchange rate of N197/$1.00. Petrol was supplied and sold by marketers at the then prevailing government-approved pump price and the repayment was calculated using the above exchange rate. “As at 2016, the banks have not liquidated the Letters of Credit from 2014 because of lack of foreign exchange from the government.”
Executive Secretary of the Major Oil Marketer' Association of Nigeria (MOMAN), Obafemi Thomas Olawore, said that only a few marketers were importing an insignificant quantity of petroleum products into the country.
According to him, there is still subsidy. “At least the Federal Government bears over N300 million daily as subsidy as NNPC becomes the sole importer of petroleum products.”
On the implication of marketers' indebtedness to the banking sector and the economy in general, Professor of Banking and Finance, Mountain Top University, Ojo Joshua, said the delay in the repayment of the debt might lead to retrenchment in the banking and the oil and gas sectors.
He noted that the situation on ground showed that the government might not be able to pay the debt due to the present economy recession. According to him, unless urgent measure is taken to offset the debt, it may translate to a non-performing loan.
The Director-General, Lagos Chamber of Commerce and Industry, Muda Yusuf, attributed the high non-performing loans in the banking sector to the oil and gas indebtedness to the banks.
“This can have negative effects on the financial sector stability, which is not good for the economy. A situation, where a banking sector is being owned N800 billion is a major threat to the continuous existence of the sector.”
Yusuf also called for a complete liberation of the sector. We cannot continue to run the sector like this. This is why we have not been able to unlock the huge potential in the downstream area. The marketers need to be settled and urgently too.”
The Chairman of DAPPMA, Dapo Abiodun, said in addition to paying the marketers' outstanding $2 billion claims, the permanent solution was to remove the cap on the pump price of petrol and fully liberalise the downstream sector.
Abiodun, who is also the Chief Executive Officer of Heyden Petroleum Limited, said it was not by choice that the marketers allowed NNPC to currently import 95 per cent of products.
This post was syndicated from The Guardian Nigeria Newspaper. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
A 23-year-old, Russian-born violinist named Artem Kolesov is capturing international attention after posting a YouTube video in which he comes out as gay.
The son of two Pentecostal pastors in a small town an hour away from Moscow, Kolesov says that he has struggled for most of his life to reconcile his sexual orientation with his Christian beliefs and his family's views. "In my family," Kolesov says in his video, "I often heard that all gays should be destroyed, that they should be bombed, and that if anyone in our family turns out to be gay, my family should kill them with their bare hands."
In the video, Kolesov also recounts wrenching episodes from throughout his life. At age seven, he prayed that he would die before his mother found out that he liked boys. He also endured physical and sexual abuse from one of his brothers, who threatened to out him to his parents if Kolesov told anyone about the abuse, and later attempted suicide several times.
Growing up, he says, "I never heard anything good about gay people. All I knew was that gays are the people who everyone should hate. I was scared because I knew that I was gay. I didn't know anyone who I could talk to about it. It seemed that I was the only gay person in Russia."
The violinist made his video as part of the Russian "Children-404" project, which invites teenagers to share their stories and discuss LGBT issues in Russia. In most of their photos and videos, participants shield their identities by holding up a "Children-404" sign in front of their faces.
Instead of creating an anonymous contribution, Kolesov chose to share his name and face, to let fellow LGBT youth in Russia feel less isolated. He recorded the video in Russian, but also provided English subtitles. "We don't come out for heterosexual people to know," he says in his video, which he published on March 29. "We don't come out for the ones who hate us to know. We shout and make as much noise as possible just so other people like us who are scared and can't be themselves would know that they are not a mistake and they are not alone."
Formerly based in Canada, Kolesov now lives in Chicago, where he is first violinist in the Yas Quartet, which is in residence at Roosevelt University's Chicago College of Performing Arts. Last summer, his ensemble took third prize in the Chamber Division at the Schoenfeld International String Competition which was held in Harbin, China.
In his video, Kolesov contrasts his family's pleasure in his musical accomplishments with their reaction to his coming out. "They are ashamed to have a gay son and brother," he says. "They wish that this part of my identity didn't exist. Interesting that my family is proud of me for being a violinist, and is so ashamed of me for being gay, though both of these are parts of my identity."
In the aftermath of releasing his video, Kolesov told BuzzFeed that he's already begun to experience the impact of his decision to come out so publicly. He has received many positive messages from friends and strangers alike, but he said that he is afraid of being arrested if he returns to Russia, under enforcement of a vaguely worded but broad "anti-gay propaganda" law. Earlier this month, there were reports that more than 100 gay men in Chechnya were arrested and tortured, with some of them reportedly killed by police. (Authorities have denied both the arrests and the deaths.)
Kolesov is also not currently on speaking terms with his relatives, and told BuzzFeed, "Even if I go back to Russia, I'm not sure I would be feeling completely safe with my own family."
Get VIP Tickets for An Evening with Garrison Keillor, Just Passing Through
Saturday, November 4, 2017 at 8:00 p.m.
The Fabulous Fox Theatre
527 N. Grand Blvd., St. Louis, MO 63108
Join St. Louis Public Radio for a special evening with An Evening with Garrison Keillor, Just Passing Through. Using his unique blend of wit, wisdom and humor, Keillor will share stories about growing up in the midwest, the people of lake Wobegon, and late-life fatherhood.
St. Louis Public Radio has a limited number of premium orchestra tickets for An Evening with Garrison Keillor, Just Passing Through. Tickets are $100 each. Proceeds from all tickets sold by St. Louis Public Radio will benefit the station and will be mailed within two weeks of the show.
Make your reservation for the best seats in the house today!
There are a limited number of these VIP tickets available. All other tickets are available for purchase through MetroTix.
Was #BBNaija Finalist CeeC “Attacked” at the Airport? No! – BellaNaija
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Entertainment - Google News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Etta Ng, the teen daughter of actor Jackie Chan and actress Elaine Ng came out as gay in a post on Instagram Thursday which she hashtagged “🌈 #lgbtqai #lgbt #lesbian #androgynous”.
According to Mashable, “She has said in previous reports that she is not in contact with Chan, and that the martial arts star has ‘never been in [her] life.'”
🌈 #lgbtqai #lgbt #lesbian #androgynous A post shared by @stolenmilktea on Oct 5, 2017 at 12:43am PDT
The Straits Times reports: “Etta, 17, has reportedly been living with social media influencer Andi Autumn, 30, a Canadian based in Hong Kong. She designs and sells clothes online and is known for her Barbie doll-like get-ups.”
Autumn posted to Instragram about the same time suggesting the two are together:
“I've never met anyone like @stolenmilktea . She has given me a chance to fully express the running thoughts in my head. No judgements, just understanding. Everything was against us. We've been pushed down again and again but its worth it's knowing we will get through it together, side by side. 🚺🚺💕 skip past all of the difficulties we've had this year, we are finally heading in the right direction, we have a path. We've encountered a lot of discrimination from family, friends, and the Hong Kong society. We are living in such an international city and yet so many people have their minds closed off. But none of it matters when I know every morning your going to be next to me. I love you.”
COLLEGE STATION, Texas — Texas A&M coach Billy Kennedy said it's that time of year to guard against natural comforts – aka playing at home against an allegedly lesser opponent.
“Sometimes those are hard games on the coaches,” Kennedy said. “You know how hard it is to motivate your guys and get them ready to play. You know that you're capable of losing to some of those teams that you play.”
The No. 7 Aggies appeared capable of losing to Prairie View A&M early in the second half on Saturday, before finally waking up and walking away with a 73-53 victory.
The Aggies (8-1) led 44-40 5 minutes into the second half before scoring the next 18 points over a 7-minute span to put away the game against the outmanned Panthers (2-7).
“They came out in the second half and showed why they're a Top 10 team,” Panthers coach Byron Smith said of the Aggies. “I expect to see them make a long run in the (NCAA Tournament).”
A&M forward Robert Williams far outpaced everyone else on the court with 16 rebounds, which tied a career-high in his two seasons at A&M. On the downside for the Aggies Williams also had a game-high five turnovers, and the Aggies had seven more miscues (17-10) than the Panthers.
Zachary Hamilton led the Panthers with a game-high 18 points and Gary Blackston followed with 17.
Both teams were bad from long range, as the Aggies made 5 of 18 3-point attempts (28 per cent) and the Panthers made 3 of 15 (20 per cent). Smith compared the wildly athletic Williams to former NBA standout Antonio McDyess.
“I've heard stories about him, but that's a little before my time,” Williams said in response. “From what I hear, that's an honour.”
BIG PICTURE
Prairie View: The Panthers can take heart in playing the seventh-ranked team in the nation close for more than a half, especially in playing their seventh straight game away from home to start the season. Prairie View might be disappointed right now, but such challenges as Saturday greatly prepare the Panthers for SWAC play.
Texas A&M: The Aggies have further proof they need faster starts to the games they're expected to win in a runaway, considering they only led the Panthers by four nearly 5 minutes into the second half.
STAT OF THE NIGHT
While Prairie View had two blocks total, A&M big men Tyler Davis and Williams collected four blocks each in intimidating the Panthers in the paint.
POLL IMPLICATIONS
The Aggies are likely to slide at least a couple of spots in the rankings after losing to unranked Arizona on Tuesday in Phoenix.
INJURY REPORT
A&M point guard J.J. Caldwell only played 4 minutes after he suffered a bruised bone near his eye, Kennedy said. He added Caldwell should be OK moving forward.
HE SAID IT
“Sometimes you get too comfortable, and that's when upsets happen. When you win by 20 points it's a good win, no matter who you're playing against.” — Kennedy on returning to the comforts of home against a SWAC team.
UP NEXT
Prairie View: The Panthers are beginning the final stretch of playing their first 13 games on the road. They play at Tulsa on Thursday, and don't play at home until Dec. 29.
Texas A&M: For the first time this season the Aggies are settling in at home, as Saturday's game marked the first of four consecutive nonconference games in Reed Arena. A&M next plays host to Savannah State on Wednesday, the first time this season they've played back-to-back games at home.
——
More AP college basketball: http://collegebasketball.ap.org and http://www.twitter.com/AP–Top25
But she added, “Any further normalization of ties will require continued progress by the government of Sudan.”
Left unanswered by diplomats was why the rapprochement with Sudan was deemed worthy of continuing while similar détentes with Iran and Cuba have been either excoriated or partly reversed. State Department officials who on Friday briefed reporters on the Sudan policy said their expertise did not extend beyond Africa so they could not answer questions on Iran or Cuba.
The difference with Sudan may be that President Trump and Secretary of State Rex W. Tillerson have demonstrated little interest in Africa, allowing lower-level diplomats to push forward with a policy they and many academics support.
“Punishing an awful government may be justified and morally satisfying, but for two decades it hasn't done much good,” said Zach Vertin, who helped forge the new Sudan policy during the Obama administration. “This policy is an attempt to chart a smarter, more nuanced approach.”
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
Trump administration officials asked the Sudanese government to stop buying weapons from North Korea, a request that was not part of the agreement with Khartoum as negotiated with the Obama administration. Even so, State Department officials emphasized that the North Korean issue would not have been a dealbreaker since, as they said, it was important that the United States abide by previous commitments.
Sudan remains on a list of countries that are considered sponsors of terror, and a separate review is underway to determine whether it should be removed from that list, as Khartoum is eager to see. The terror designation means that restrictions remain on foreign assistance and defense sales. Sanctions specifically related to the conflict in Darfur also remain in place.
The sanctions, which had been under suspension and will be lifted permanently as of Oct. 12, include a trade embargo and the blocking of assets held by the Sudanese government that were put in place by executive order in 1997 and 2006. The hope is that by lifting the sanctions permanently, businesses will have the confidence to invest in Sudan, where infrastructure and other needs are acute.
Ibrahim Ghandour, the Sudanese foreign minister, said that “lifting the sanctions means lifting the extortion from the people of Sudan who long suffered from them.”
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
But Stuart Newberger, a Washington attorney who represents a dozen Americans killed in a 1998 truck bombing against the American Embassy in Nairobi, Kenya, said the Trump administration should have secured a commitment that the Sudanese government would pay billions of dollars in court judgments from lawsuits filed by the victims of that attack and another in Tanzania. The victims claimed that Sudan provided support to the attackers, who were members of Al Qaeda; the attacks elevated Osama bin Laden to the F.B.I.'s Most Wanted list for the first time.
“The Trump administration has today not said a word about the judgments against Sudan,” Mr. Newberger said.
Top State Department officials promised they would press Sudan to resolve the issue.
Tuesday - Thundery showers mainly over northern and eastern Singapore in the afternoon.
Wednesday - Late morning and early afternoon thundery showers.
JAMB blacklists 48 CBT centres for malpractice in 2017 UTME
The Joint Admissions and Matriculation Board (JAMB) has blacklisted 48 Computer-Based Test (CBT) centres over their involvement in extortion and organised examination malpractices during the 2017 Unified Tertiary Matriculation Examination (UTME). JAMB's Registrar, Prof. Is-haq Oloyede, made the disclosure on Wednesday in Abuja at a news conference at the end of an enlarged meeting with…
The post JAMB blacklists 48 CBT centres for malpractice in 2017 UTME appeared first on The Herald Nigeria.
This post was syndicated from The Herald Nigeria. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
The Green Bay Packers have added some competition to their offensive line.
Veteran tackle Byron Bell posted on his Instagram Tuesday night he had agreed to a deal with team.
Advertisement
An undrafted free agent from New Mexico, Bell originally signed with Carolina in 2011. The 29-year-old went on to start 56 of 62 games with the Panthers at right tackle. Bell then signed with Tennessee in 2015 where played three different positions, starting all 16 games. An offseason injury kept him off the field in 2016, and then he spent 2017 in Dallas, where he played in 12 games, including two starts at left tackle.
Bell visited Green Bay last year before signing with the Cowboys. He joins a Packers' line that still has some questions, namely who will be the starting right tackle. It's a spot held by Bryan Bulaga for much of the last seven seasons. But the veteran suffered a torn ACL last year, playing in just five games and he likely won't be able to practice until training camp at the earliest. There was a point in the offseason where it speculated that Bulaga would be cut. That didn't happen, and during the draft last month general manager Brian Gutekunst and coach Mike McCarthy both indicated Bulaga was part of their plans.
As for other options, former second-round pick Jason Spriggs was lining up with the first-team offense during OTAs last week, but is coming off a major knee injury. 2016 sixth-round pick Kyle Murphy, who also ended last year on the injured reserve, got reps as well.
It's unlikely the team would have signed Bell if it was comfortable with what was on the roster, meaning it wouldn't be a total shock if he ended up being the starter at right tackle when the Packers open the season against Chicago in September.
Comments
comments
ON NOVEMBER 12, 2017 Nambour man Bruce Saunders was killed in a woodchipper on a Gympie property.
While police initially treated the incident as an accident, they soon suspected Mr Saunders met with foul play.
His ex-partner, Sharon Graham and friends Greg Lee Roser and Peter John Koenig have now been charged with murder and perverting the course of justice.
This is how the case horrific case unfolded.
FG Condemns Killing Of Nigerians In South Africa
The Federal Government has condemned the recent extra judicial killing of a Nigerian, Tochukwu Nnadi in South Africa describing it as worrying. The Senior Special assistant to President Muhammadu Buhari on Foreign Affairs and Diaspora, Abike Dabiri-Erewa disclosed this in a statement signed by her media aide, Mr Abdur-Rahman Balogun, in Abuja on Monday. She …
The post FG Condemns Killing Of Nigerians In South Africa appeared first on INFORMATION NIGERIA.
This post was syndicated from INFORMATION NIGERIA. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Share This Video Facebook Twitter EMAIL
Once upon a time it was one of the cardinal sins of rap: You do not pull out your phone (or notebook) when it's time to freestyle. It's a no-go, and when you do need the help of your written raps during a “freestyle” session it's basically a loss and you're chastised forever. The likes of Canibus, Drake, Troy Ave, and countless battle rappers still hear about their cellphone snafus until this day, and now we can add Method Man to that list.
Yes, the living legend Method Man decided to rap straight from his cell phone in a crazy cypher on Sway In The Morning yesterday and knew he would get burned for it before he ever spits a bar. “I might have to read my sh*t,” Meth blurts out as he's getting ready to kick off the cypher with Black Thought, a noted and respected freestyler. “I might have to go up in my phone. Don't hate me for it, alright?” Sway did his best to cover for Meth, saying “Nah, it's brand new. He just wrote this for the show,” but for the pundits, the damage was done.
With how insane Black Thought went mostly off the head, you can almost understand why Meth wanted to make sure he was going to keep up with the Roots frontman, but still, after people went crazy on Drake when he pulled out the Blackberry with the side-scroll on Hot 97, Meth might have some fire coming his way. Maybe.
'); StatBanner('btw', bl); } else { show_ntv_ads(wrapperElement, bl); } } } function mailru_ads(data, el) { if(data && data.length > 0) { var ban_location = $(el).attr("ntv-loc"); var bl = parseInt(ban_location); if(bl == 3 && typeof b240_callback !== 'undefined') { try { window[b240_callback](); } catch(e) {} } StatBanner('all', bl); } } if(_adsPreview == 1) { $(".mrg-tag").each(function(idx, value) { var el = $(this); var bl = parseInt(el.attr("ntv-loc")); //console.log("bl="+bl); var wrapperElement = this.parentNode; try{ wrapperElement.removeChild(this); } catch(e){} show_ntv_ads(wrapperElement, bl); }); } else { (MRGtag = window.MRGtag || []).push({ onNoAds:function(resp) { mailru_noAds(resp); }, onAdsLoaded: function(data, el){ mailru_ads(data, el); }, iframeMode: false }); } function StatBanner(type, place) { if (type == 'all') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_showed" }); } if (type == 'noAds') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_mailru_error" }); } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '1') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_top" }); try { reachGoal('banner_error_top'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '2') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_btm" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_error_btm'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '3') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_type3" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_error_type3'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '4') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_type4" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_error_type4'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'ntv') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_ntv_showed" }); } if (type == 'btw') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_btw_showed" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banners_btw_showed'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'nobtw') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_btw_error" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banners_btw_error'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '1') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_top" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_top'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '2') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_btm" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_btm'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '3') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type3" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_type3'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '4') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type4" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_type4'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '1') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_top_ntv" }); } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '2') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_btm_ntv" }); } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '3') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type3_ntv" }); } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '4') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type4_ntv" }); } } $(function() { var o = document.createElement('vid' + 'eo'); if(isFInst && (!o || !o.canPlayType || !o.canPlayType('video/mp4; codecs="avc1.640029, mp4a.40.2"'))) { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "html5_media_support" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('html5_media_support'); } catch (e) {} } }); // -->
Quit Notice: Ethnic groups urge Osinbajo to beg Ndigbo to forgive Northern youths
…Urge Osinbajo to attend, calm frayed nerves; beg Ndigbo to forgive Northern youths
…Northerners in S'East condemn eviction threat
…Beware the ides of July, Christian leaders warn
…Igbo, Arewa student leaders visit Ohanaeze Ndigbo
By Chioma Gabriel, Vincent Ujumadu, Levinus Nwabughiogu, Sam Eyoboka & Olayinka Latona
ABUJA—Determined to douse the tension arising from the three-month quit notice to Igbo residents in the north and restore the country to the path of peace, a coalition of ethnic nationalities have sued for calm amongst Nigerian youths.
This came as some leaders of Igbo and Arewa students paid a visit to the national Deputy Publicity Secretary of Ohanaeze Ndigbo, Comrade Chuks Ibegbu with a message to be conveyed to Ohanaeze, calling Ndigbo to forgive the Northern youths that provoked them by calling for their eviction in the North; even as Nigerian Christian leaders called on the Federal Government to arrest the situation before it develops to something unmanagable.
The coalition of ethnic nationalities also called on the Federal Government to urgently convoke a national youth confab, which would have Acting President Yemi Osinbajo in attendance.
Rising from a meeting in Abuja yesterday, the groups also called for a ceasefire among the various youth groups in the country.
In a communique raised at the end of the meeting, the groups said that the constitution of Nigeria guarantees Nigerians the right to live in any part of the country of their choice.
They added that the confab would provide Osinbajo an opportunity to hear the grievances of the youths, stressing that it would also calm frayed nerves and restore the country to the path of unity.
According to the groups, their resolve to toe the path of peace was hinged on the intervention of former Governor of Anambra State, Mr. Peter Obi who they said advised them to remain calm.
The communique was signed by Comrade Eric Oluwale of Yoruba Youths Council Worldwide and Secretary General, Ethnic National Youths Leaders; Comrade Emma Zompal of the Middle Belt Youth Council Worldwide; Mazi Okechukwu Isiguzoro of the Ohanaeze Ndigbo Youth Council; Barr. Oweilaemi Ereotubo of the Ijaw Youths Council; and Arewa Northern Youths Assembly led by Alhaji Musa Abdulahi.
The communique read in part: “Good citizens of the Federal Republic of Nigeria, we wish to express our concern over the quit notice to Igbos by Arewa youths last week. Nigeria's Constitution gives right to citizens of Nigeria to freely move to any part of the land and choose where to live without any form of discrimination and denial. We hereby declare the quit notice unconstitutional and treasonable.
“We condemn the quit notice served by Arewa youths to Igbos resident in the North and have resolved for peace to reign in all quarters. The meeting has, however, instituted the peace process of reconciling the north and the south east
“We are still insisting on restructuring of the country so as to guarantee an equitable federalism for peaceful co existence.
“We have resolved to toe the line of peace, owing to the fatherly advice from the former governor of Anambra State, Chief Peter Obi, the Okwute Ndigbo. The youths, without hesitation, are ready to heed his advice considering his towering reputation beyond the shores of Nigeria. He remains in history as the best governor Anambra has ever had and for that singular reason, his intervention is welcome.
“Obi has made it clear to the youths that there is futility in disunity and songs of war. He has convinced us that we are better off together, united.
“In the light of the above, we call for immediate end to further verbal exchanges on the above matter. This is the time for us to unite and champion a common course for Nigeria's unity.
“However, the youths hereby resolve that there will be a national youth confab in order to address fundamental problems. “The confab must have in attendance, the Acting President Prof. Yemi Osinbajo. This shall be an opportunity for him to calm frayed nerves and restore the country to the path of unity.”
Igbo, Arewa student leaders visit Ohanaeze Ndigbo
The student groups under the auspices of the World Igbo Students Association, WISA, and Coalition of All Arewa Students, COAS, lauded Ohanaeze Ndigbo leadership led by Nnia Nwodo for the manner they piloted Ndigbo not to over-react over the statement by Arewa youths.
They also lauded Igbo governors, leaders and people in the North for the mature manner they have been handling the matter despite the provocation.
They appealed to Comrade Ibegbu to convey their message of goodwill to the new Ohanaeze Ndigbo leadership and urge it to continue to build bridges of understanding between Ndigbo and other Nigerians. They reminded Ndigbo of the historic political relationship between them and the North in the 60s and also during the second republic.
‘The relationship between the North and Ndigbo has deepened so much that the vituperations of some misguided youths in the North cannot thaw it', they noted.
In his reponse, Comrade Chuks Ibegbu thanked the students and assured them that he will convey their messages of goodwill to the Ohanaeze President General, Chief Nnia Nwodo and Ohanaeze leadership. He urged the youths to continue to work together to build a prosperous nation as the future belongs to them. He acknowledged and lauded the solidarity from all parts of Nigeria and the international community to Ndigbo since that statement and noted that Ndigbo will again take it as one of those challenges and sacrifices they have been making for nation building.
The delegation was led by Comrade Odera Udutchey for WISA, Comrade Tijanni Yusuf for COAS, Bala Usman for Arewa Youths and Nnamdi Chukwu for Igbo youths
Northerners in S'East applaud hospitality of their Igbo hosts
Meantine, Northerners in the South East under the aegis of Coalition of All Northern Peoples in the South East CONPISE, have dissociated themselves from the clamour by some Northern youths for Igbos to quit the North. The group called on Ndigbo in the North to disregard that provocative statement and go about their normal businesses.
The group also urged Northern leaders to caution the unruly boys who want to pitch them with Ndigbo, noting that they have been living in peace with Ndigbo since ages and will not want the relationship to get sour.
They appealed to Ndigbo to forgive the misled Northern youths, noting that the Igbo are one of the most hospitable people on earth and have done a lot to develop the North.
They however called on the pro-Biafra groups to reconsider their stand on Biafra and see how to forge a better Nigeria. Their spokesman, Alh Bature Mohammadu also called for the arrest of the deviant youths.
Beware of the ides of July, Christian leaders warn
Similarly, Nigerian Christian leaders have called on the Federal Government to arrest the situation before it develops to something unmanagable.
The gospel ministers drawn from across the nation condemned the quit order, urging the Federal Government to make haste to arrest all those behind the ultimatum and sponsors of such infractions which they perceive, is at variance with the spirit of the 1999 constitution of the federation.
The clerics further warned the political class to beware of the ides of July, stressing that the unfortunate Nigerian civil war of 1967-70 which claimed over two million lives, started on July 6, 1967.
They described the Kaduna declaration as reckless and a grave danger for the nation's fledgling democracy as it takes us back to events of 1966-67 preceding the civil war.
Dr. Chidi Okoroafor, General Superintendent, Assemblies of God Nigeria, maintained that they believe in the unity and corporate existence of Nigeria as a nation and called on the northern youths to sheathe their swords and pursue peace for the growth and development of the nation.
“We also call on the northern political and religious elders to take decisive stand on the issue. This is not good for the corporate existence of Nigeria. There should be mutual respect among many diverse ethnic groups that make up Nigeria,” Okoroafor stated.
Rev. Yakubu Pam, chairman, CAN in 19 northern states and Abuja told our reporter that Christians in the 19 northern states and Abuja are not part of the call.
“We are not aware of it and we are not part of it. We believe in the unity of this country. We also believe that it's time for government to call all stakeholders in Project Nigeria to sit down together and agree on the way forward because these agitations from different groups or regions of this country; if not handled properly, will eventually grow into a chaos that we will not be able to control.”
Bishop David Bakare, who spoke on behalf of Christians in the North-West described the call as a reckless, dangerous, declaration of war, which should not be ignored as a child's play by any responsible, caring government regardless of who said it.
Rev. Monsignor Gabriel Osu, Director of Social Communications at the Catholic Archdiocese of Lagos said there was no other way to describe what the quit notice portends for Nigeria, but total anarchy. “It stands to be condemned by any reasonable human being in totality.”
Osu urged the government to do more to arrest those behind the call, so that any other group that has similar ideas or ideals will think twice.
You're on your own, S/E cattle breeders tell Arewa youths
Also yesterday, the South East leadership of cattle breeders, under the aegis of Miyetti Allah Cattle Breeders Association of Nigeria (MACBAN) told the Arewa youths that they were on their own on the quit notice given to the Igbo residing in the north.
In a statement in Awka yesterday, the group's chairman, Alhaji Siddiki Gidado, demanded that those behind the quit notice should be brought to book.
The cattle breeders said though they were not comfortable with the agitations of Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB) and MASSOB, it did not call for a quit notice to Ndigbo by Arewa youths.
“We condemn in its entirety, the aspect of the Arewa Youths's communiqué that insists that Igbos should leave north. This position is unacceptable to us in the Eouth East because we feel at home in this zone.
“It is worrisome that some people who are safely seated in their comfort zones seem to care less about the safety of many of their kiths and kin at the other side of the divide as they make statements or engage in acts that can cause mayhem.
“We advise that both Arewa group and Biafra agitators should sheath their sword and seek better ways of making Nigeria a better place for all of us.”
The group said that unity of the country should be paramount to everybody than the divisive calls, noting that the South East governors had been at the forefront of such unity in the country.
The post Quit Notice: Ethnic groups urge Osinbajo to beg Ndigbo to forgive Northern youths appeared first on Vanguard News.
This post was syndicated from Vanguard News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
MOGADISHU, Somalia (AP) — A Somali police officer says a suicide bomber detonated an explosives-laden vehicle at a security checkpoint near Mogadishu's international airport, killing at least three people.
Capt. Mohamed Hussein says the bomb detonated Monday as security forces were searching cars at the checkpoint, a few hundred meters (yards) from the main base of the African Union peacekeeping mission.
The checkpoint is close to United Nations offices and the Peace Hotel, which is often frequented by foreigners and officials. The powerful blast blew roofs off nearby buildings.
A second blast and heavy gunfire could be heard at the checkpoint after the attack, but there were no immediate details.
The al-Qaida-linked Islamic extremist group al-Shabab, which often carries out such attacks, quickly claimed responsibility for Monday's attack through its radio arm, Andalus.
Despite being ousted from most of its key strongholds across large parts of south and central Somalia, the homegrown group continues to wage deadly attacks across the country.
Somalia's capital has seen frequent bomb attacks at hotels and military checkpoints. In July, two al-Shabab suicide bombers detonated explosives-laden cars outside the office of the U.N.'s mine-clearing agency and an army checkpoint near the African Union's main base, killing 13.
The assaults have threatened this Horn of Africa nation's attempts to rebuild from decades of chaos. The country's presidential election, a key step toward recovery, already has been delayed multiple times because of security and other concerns.
BEREA, Ohio (AP) — Browns rookie defensive end Myles Garrett, the No. 1 overall pick in this year's draft, injured his left foot late in practice on Wednesday.
Garrett was rushing quarterback Brock Osweiler during a two-minute drill when he went down in the backfield. He stayed on the ground for nearly a minute and was checked by a trainer and coach Hue Jackson before being helped up and hobbling to the sideline.
He did not return to practice and limped into the field house when the Browns were forced to go indoors because of inclement weather. Garrett continued to favor his foot when he walked into the locker room.
Jackson said he would not know the extent of Garrett's injury until he is examined by doctors. Garrett missed time earlier this spring with an unspecified injury.
The Browns signed Garrett to a four-year, $30.4 million contract.
___
For more NFL coverage: and
Comments
comments
Paraguay's President Horacio Cartes says he will not be a candidate in the 2018 election even if Congress approves a constitutional amendment to allow a second term.
Cartes made the announcement Monday in a letter to the Archbishop of Asuncion that he shared on Twitter. He said he was inspired by Pope Francis' call to avoid violence and seek political solutions.
Violent protests broke out last month after the Senate secretly voted in favor of the amendment.
Protesters set some furniture on fire in the Congress building and a 25-year-old was shot and killed after police stormed the headquarters of the opposition's Authentic Radical Liberal Party.
The proposal is a hot-button issue in Paraguay where memories are fresh of a 35-year military dictatorship that only ended in 1989.
France's presidential race this year is upending every political assumption that has governed the country for decades.
And now Emmanuel Macron, a 39-year-old former economy minister who is running an independent, centrist campaign, has a real chance to become France's next president in the country's two-round April-May vote.
Among the startling events: an incumbent president is not running. His prime minister did not win the Socialist primary. The far right is surging. The conservative front-runner who vowed to slash government spending has seen his chances plummet after giving his wife and children well-paid jobs for years.
Jealous rivals call Macron a guru with no substance. Macron, who plans to present a budget for the five-year presidential term next week and a platform later, mostly promises the French a better future — and that may be enough.
"Some people think we are a sect. Welcome," Macron joked in front of hundreds of supporters at the Bobino theater in Paris.
Recent polls show Macron could be among the two top contenders to emerge from the April 23 ballot and advance to the presidential runoff on May 7, where he would be in a good position to win against his expected opponent, Marine Le Pen of the far-right National Front.
A former investment banker with impressive academic credentials, Macron is young, outspoken and sometimes theatrical. He speaks fluent English and is very familiar with social media. Macron backs free-market, pro-European policies and litters his speeches with references to mythology, philosophy or literature.
Macron became Socialist President Francois Hollande's economic adviser in 2012 and two years later, his economy minister. Last year he launched his own centrist political movement En Marche ("In Motion").
Conservative rival Francois Fillon and far-right politician Florian Philippot of the National Front recently compared Macron to a "guru."
Fillon, the former favorite, has seen his popularity sink following revelations about well-paid — and possibly fake — political jobs that he gave his wife, son and daughter. Fillon admits the practice was legal at the time but is "unacceptable" now. Prosecutors are investigating.
Fillon has criticized Macron's "political adventure without a program" but Macron told the Journal du Dimanche that politics are "mystical."
"It's an error to think the program is at the core of a campaign," he said.
Macron has proposed to cut taxes for businesses, wants to reduce by half the number of pupils per class in poor neighborhoods. He traveled to Algeria, a former French colony, this week to boost his international stature. He has also visited the United States, Germany and Lebanon in the last few months and will hold a rally in London next week.
In a video on Twitter, Macron urged researchers, entrepreneurs and engineers working on climate change in the U.S. to leave for France.
"You are welcome ... we like innovation, we want innovative people!" he said in English, in a bid to capitalize on U.S. President Donald Trump's doubts about global warming.
Macron has also laughed at rumors about his sexuality. He said having a gay affair while also being married would come as news to his wife, Brigitte.
"Since she shares my life from morning to night, her only question is how, physically, I would manage," he joked at the Bobino theater.
Brigitte Macron-Trogneux, who was his secondary school theater teacher, is 24 years older than her husband. While French politicians traditionally keep their private lives private, she acts more like an American political spouse, attending her husband's rallies and public events. The couple appears hand-in-hand on the front page of celebrity magazine Paris Match for the fourth time.
"You'll be hearing the worst things about me. It's unpleasant, it's discourteous and sometimes it's hurtful," Macron told his supporters. "I am who I am. I've never had something to hide."
The polling institute Ifop says Macron tends to be popular among educated people from the upper and middle-class — and unpopular in the working class.
This illustrates the dividing line between the winners and the losers of globalization, wrote Jerome Fourquet of Ifop.
"By designating each other as their main rival, Marine Le Pen and Emmanuel Macron pursue a common interest: substitute the traditional confrontation between the left and the right by this new division," Fourquet wrote.
Macron calls the divide "progressives against conservatives" while Le Pen "the pro-globalization against the patriots," he said.
Political scientist Thomas Guenole says Macron's rising popularity has been aided by the media. Last year, the proportion of articles about him in French newspapers was oversized compared to his relatively low profile, Guenole told The Associated Press.
"Nobody can detail his program ... yet people have sympathy for him," he said, adding that what he called Macron's "doped" popularity is likely to lead to real results in the presidential election.
00:24 Reported News Briefs Av 23, 5777 , 15/08/17 Av 23, 5777 , 15/08/17 60-year-old man dead in Highway 4 bridge collapse Magen David Adom paramedics on Monday night pronounced dead a 60-year-old man who was trapped in the truck on which a bridge collapsed on Highway 4. ► ◄ Last Briefs
The key here is that the in-market games (this doesn't cover Sunday afternoon out-of-market games) are available to anyone, regardless of carrier or service provider. Verizon has the rights to stream these games through its Oath properties (such as Yahoo Sports), which apparently it sees as more valuable than restricting these games to its current, paying customers. Previously, Verizon's deal with the NFL only covered mobile streaming.
This is a big shift in Verizon's thinking. The company seems to be using the NFL deal as a traffic driver to sites such as Yahoo Sports. The agreement also covers access to NFL highlights and news throughout the year. Presumably, all of this will be available within the Yahoo Sports app.
This Man Was Declared Wanted As Evans The Kidnapper By Police Before The Arrest Of The Real Kidnapper Evans Because They Bear Same Name (Photos)
This man in the picture is whom the Nigerian police published his pictures as Evans before the arrest of the real notorious billionaire kidnapper. The man identified as Tochukwu Ambrose Onwuamadike is from Akaboukwu Uruagu Nnewi, a Nigerian businessman based in Angola and bears the same surname as Billionaire kidnapper, Chukwumeme Onwuamadike aka Evans.
According to multiple reports, the guy has been jubilating over the arrest of the real Evans since the news of the arrest was broken.
The kidnap kingpin Evans hails from Akamili, Umudim Quarters in Nnewi, Anambra State….
The post This Man Was Declared Wanted As Evans The Kidnapper By Police Before The Arrest Of The Real Kidnapper Evans Because They Bear Same Name (Photos) appeared first on Ngyab.
This post was syndicated from Ngyab. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
SANTA BARBARA, Calif. — Leland King II had 25 points and a career-high 17 rebounds to help UC Santa Barbara remain tied atop the Big West Conference with a 75-51 win over CSU Northridge on Saturday night.
The victory improved the Gauchos' home record to 11-0, their best ever start to a season. Their overall record of 18-5 is their best overall start since the 1988-89 team did the same. In conference they are tied with UC Davis at 7-2.
UCSB first pulled away with an 8-2 run to end the first half with a 32-25 lead. The Gauchos then kept CSU Northridge (5-18, 2-7) at bay until going on a 19-1 run to lead 68-44.
Max Heidegger added four 3-pointers and 14 points, Marcus Jackson scored 12 and Ami Lakoju 10 for UC Santa Barbara.
Tavrion Dawson had 16 points and 10 rebounds and Lyrik Shreiner scored 10 for the Matadors.
Radiohead's “Spectre” is a gem of their recent catalog that fans almost missed out on: The band was commissioned to write it for the 2015 Bond film of the same name, but the studio turned it down and went with Sam Smith instead. Fortunately, the band ultimately released it anyway, but so far, they've never played it live. As Stereogum notes, that sort of changed last night, when Thom Yorke debuted a spare keyboard-and-voice arrangement of “Spectre” at a solo show in Milan, marking the first time he's played it live in any configuration. Hear it below.
Buhari Threatened With Impeachment Following Purchase Of $462m Jets.
Buhari's purchase of $462m jets for the military has been condemned as an “impeachable offence” according to Members of the House of Representatives. As without appropriation by the National Assembly the purchase wasn't approved. Buhari is buying 12 Tucano aircraft from the US which will arrive in 2020. The lawmakers were angry when Mr. Yakubu […]
The post Buhari Threatened With Impeachment Following Purchase Of $462m Jets. appeared first on The Herald Nigeria Newspaper.
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from The Herald Nigeria Newspaper. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
President Donald Trump announced a new plan on Monday to combat the opioid crisis that includes sentencing some drug traffickers to the death penalty when appropriate under current law. During an afternoon speech in New Hampshire, in which he also placed some blame for the opioid crisis on immigrants, the president praised countries that “don't play games” on drugs and called for changes. “We have to change the laws,” he said.
New Hampshire has been hard hit by opioids, which have contributed to spikes in overdose deaths in recent years. The White House's plan will also include calls for stricter enforcement, including the invocation of mandatory minimum sentences for lower levels of some opioids, more public awareness and expanded access to treatment and recovery programs.
The announcement to push executions fits with Trump's previous statements on the death penalty and drug dealers.
Trump has previously called for the death penalty for drug dealers
Last week, he said drug dealers “kill 2,000, 3,000, 5,000 people during the course of his or her life” and only go to jail for “30 days, 60 days, 90 days — you might get a year” during a rally for a Republican candidate in Pennsylvania. During that rally, the president said that China and Singapore don't have drug problems because they have the death penalty for dealers.
“The only way to solve the drug problem is through toughness,” he said. “When you catch a drug dealer, you've got to put him away for a long time.”
The president used similar language at White House summit on opioids earlier in March. “Some countries have a very tough penalty, the ultimate penalty, and they have much less of a drug problem than we do,” he said.
He's praised the president of the Philippines for his approach
Trump has also praised the approach of Philippines President Rodrigo Duterte, whose “war on drugs” has led to the killing of thousands of citizens, many at the hands of the Philippines National Police, according to Human Rights Watch. According to a transcript of a call he had with Duterte in April of last year, Trump appeared to congratulate the leader of the Philippines for the “unbelievable job” he is doing with the “drug problem.”
“Many countries have the problem, we have a problem, but what a great job you are doing and I just wanted to call and tell you that,” Trump said on the call, according to the Intercept. The two leaders have also showcased their friendly relationship in bilateral meetings despite the leader's alleged human rights abuses.
Trump has also promoted the death penalty more broadly
The U.S. and other nations have moved away from instituting capital punishment. Globally, 141 countries have abolished the practice and in 2016, 23 countries killed over 1,000 people with the most deaths occurring in China, Iran, Pakistan, Saudi Arabia, and Iraq, according to Amnesty International.
But President Donald Trump has long called for the use of the death penalty in the U.S., typically framing it as a “law and order” issue.
“In order to bring law and order back into our cities, we need the death penalty and authority given back to the police,” Trump told Playboy in 1990.
He's also called for the death penalty in a number of specific cases.
In the late-1980s, he placed full-paged ads in New York newspapers that called for the execution of black and Latino teens who were accused of assaulting and raping a white woman who went jogging in Central Park. (The teens, known as the Central Park Five, were later exonerated. Trump maintains they were guilty.)
He tweeted a call for the death penalty after a gunman opened fire at the Empire State Building in 2012:
Terrible tragedy at the Empire State Building today. Must have fast trials and death penalty for the animals. — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) August 24, 2012
After the Boston Marathon bombing in 2013:
Get ALL the info, then quick trial, then death penalty for the Boston killer of innocent children and people! Do not be kind. — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) April 19, 2013
And after a New York City terrorism incident which occurred while he was president, which experts said could cause problems for prosecutors:
NYC terrorist was happy as he asked to hang ISIS flag in his hospital room. He killed 8 people, badly injured 12. SHOULD GET DEATH PENALTY! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) November 2, 2017
SIOUX FALLS, S.D. — Charges against the father of an infant left outside for 18 hours in the rain are partly based on video surveillance which shows he was the last person to have custody of the child, a South Dakota prosecutor said Friday. The child survived and is doing well.
Ronald Terry Harrison Jr., 38, was arguing with the child's mother on the patio of Faith Family Church in Sioux Falls Monday afternoon when the woman walked away, leaving Harrison, the baby and their 1-year-old child, according to Minnehaha County State's Attorney Aaron McGowan. Harrison grabbed the older child who was walking away, but failed to retrieve the baby from the patio, according to a court affidavit.
“Dad was the last one that had custody of the children. They were his responsibility at that point,” McGowan said.
Authorities said the 2-month-old baby was left overnight in the rain when the temperature dipped to 54 until a church employee found him the next morning. McGowan says he has charged only the father “based on the timeline and who had the custody of the children at the time the child was left alone.”
Harrison is charged with felony abuse or cruelty to a minor and a misdemeanour count of contributing to abuse or neglect of a child. The affidavit said the parents came to the police station the following morning to report their baby was missing. The parents said they “accidentally lost,” “misplaced” or “forgot” the baby. When detectives spoke to the mother alone, she told them she had left the children with their father and went to a friend's house following their argument, according to court records.
Church employee Adrienne Horsley changed the baby's diaper and wet clothes and gave him a warm bath before police arrived.
Harrison is being held on $10,000 cash bond. A message left with the Minnehaha County Public Defender seeking comment on Harrison's behalf was not immediately returned.
Prime Minister Binyamin Netanyahu participated Tuesday in Mimouna celebrations in Dimona and attacked the publication of an article by arch-terrorist Marwan Barghouti in the New York Times.
The newspaper omitted the mention of the fact that Barghouti is a terrorist and murderer, convicted in civil court for 5 murders, who led a terror organization responsible for the deaths of many Israelis. Instead it described him as a a "Palestinian leader and parliamentarian”. After an uproar broke out, the newspaper finally published a tepid clarification in which it stated that “This article explained the writer's prison sentence but neglected to provide sufficient context by stating the offenses of which he was convicted. They were five counts of murder and membership in a terrorist organization. Mr. Barghouti declined to offer a defense at his trial and refused to recognize the Israeli court's jurisdiction and legitimacy.”
Netanyahu stated that "I read the article in the New York Times Sunday which presented arch-terrorist Barghouti as a 'leader and parliamentarian.' The newspaper only retracted after we objected to this characterization," said Netanyahu and added "calling Barghouti a political leader is like calling Assad a 'pediatrician.' Syrian dictator-tyrant Bashar Assad was trained as a physician.
"These are murderers, these are terrorists and we have not lost our conviction that we are on the right side, the moral side and they are on the wrong side, the immoral side."
The prime minister added that "this moral clarity, the willingness to protect our land, to fight for it against those coming to wipe us out, this is one of our great strengths, together with love of Israel. Love of Israel expresses itself in this munificence, in this beauty and warmth. We will continue to develop our country and protect it."
Barghouti is leading a hunger strike of 700 terrorists imprisoned in Israeli jails which broke out Sunday. Interior Security Minister Gilad Erdan said this morning to Army Radio that "the isolation and transfer of Barghouti to a jail in the north is unconnected to the publication of the article, but rather due to his leading the hunger strike and causing a rebellion among prisoners."
"I do see the publication of the article as a serious act and I have directed the Prison Service to conduct an investigation and transfer the results to me," said Erdan.
Researcher Explains How ‘Ogbono' Soup Can Improve Efficacy Of Anti-Malaria Drugs
A Pharmacist, Dr Chukwuma Agubata, has said that taking Irvingia Fat from nuts of Irvingia Gabonensis Var Excelsa, known as ‘Ogbono' soup has helped to improve the efficacy of anti-malarial drugs.
Agubata, a researcher and lecturer in the Faculty of Pharmaceutical Sciences, University of Nigeria, Nsukka, made the assertion when he spoke with the News Agency of Nigeria on Tuesday in Lagos.
He said that eating Ogbono soup while administering Artemether, an Anti-Malaria drug would improve the efficacy of the drug.
He said that Ogbono would assist the drug to pass through all the barriers to get to its destination in the body and start working properly.
According to him, the finding came out of a research work entitled “Novel Lipid Microparticles for Effective Delivery of Artemether Anti-Malaria Drug Using a Locally-Sourced Irvingia Fat from Nuts of Irvingia Gabonensis Var Excelsa (Ogbono).
“Malaria is an endemic disease and is a major cause of morbidity and mortality, and we also know that most malaria drugs are administered by mouth — the Artemether Anti-Malaria drugs. “'But there is a major challenge which is the low water solubility of the drug which limits it dissolution and absorption into the blood stream; all this also affect the efficacy of the drug. “'So, what we have done in this research is to improve the anti-malaria efficacy of Artemether drugs by formulating with Irvingia Fat (Ogbono) which is locally sourced so that there could be improved delivery and efficacy. “In our research, we got a very good result and this shows that our local materials can actually improve the efficacy of some drugs that already exist,'' he told NAN. “The Ogbono was formulated as microparticles, where the fat from it was used to entrap the drug and it became a carrier for the drug to the bloodstream. “So, if you take Ogbono soup while administering or taking Artemether, there should be an improvement as it will assist the drug to pass through all the barriers to get to its destination in the body and start working properly.''
Agubata called for support from the government and private organisations to take the research to the next level.
“We intend to take this research to the next level with the support of corporate organisations and the government. “We will be able to do local mobilisation and mass produce the locally sourced materials so that Nigerians will benefit. “Going forward, there is hope in reducing the burden of malaria with this research,'' he said.
NAN
The post Researcher Explains How ‘Ogbono' Soup Can Improve Efficacy Of Anti-Malaria Drugs appeared first on 360Nobs.com.
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from 360Nobs.com. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
TAMPA, Fla. (WFLA) — There are 6.2 million children who have asthma in the U.S. and back to school is the time to look out for it.
As school begins, doctors tell WFLA News Channel 8 and WTTA Great 38 parents and students need to think about updating their asthma management plan.
When you have asthma, it's always a good idea to visit your doctor at least twice a year for a tune-up.
Dr. Richard Lockey, with the Allergy & Asthma Network, explains on WTTA Great 38 the importance of seeing a specialist.
WHAT'S TRENDING ONLINE NOW –
>> MORE FROM LILA'S DIGITAL DOWNLOAD
The Da Vinci Science Center and Easton officials announced Monday four public forums on the proposed Da Vinci Science City.
The $130 million attraction is proposed for South Third Street and Larry Holmes Drive in Easton, now home to a Days Inn. Opening is projected for 2021.
Organizers say the series of public forums, to be held at four different Northampton County locations, offer residents an opportunity to learn more about the project, ask questions and offer feedback.
"The Science Center and the City of Easton are preparing to enter into the master-planning phase, and feedback from residents will inform this important phase of the project," Monday's announcement says.
The forums are scheduled 7 to 8:30 p.m. as follows:
Wednesday, Aug. 23, at Northeast Middle School, 1170 Fernwood St., Bethlehem.
Thursday, Aug. 24, at George Wolf Elementary School, 300 Allen St., Bath.
Tuesday, Aug. 29, at Trinity Evangelical Lutheran Church, 404 Broadway, Bangor.
Thursday, Aug. 31, at Paxinosa Elementary School, 1221 Northampton St., Easton.
At each forum, a project update will be delivered by Lin Erickson, executive director and CEO of the Da Vinci Science Center in Allentown, and Easton Mayor Sal Panto. Erickson will be joined by Dawn Hart, Easton's director of development, in lieu of the mayor on Aug. 23.
Each update will be followed by breakout sessions on topics to include education and workforce development, tourism and economic impact.
The centerpiece of the attraction would be a 500,000-gallon aquarium featuring sharks.
2 new aquariums, no problem, Da Vinci says
State Sen. Mario Scavello, R-Monroe/Northampton, has raised concerns about the viability of the project following word that Ripley Entertainment Inc. is looking to build its own aquarium about 40 miles north of Easton, opening in 2019.
Easton has committed $30 million to the Da Vinci Science City, including nearly $6 million in hand to purchase land for the new facility. The remaining $24 million would come in a 20-year borrowing, to be repaid by the city's 5 percent amusement tax and new parking revenue. Repayment depends on a minimum projected attendance of about 450,000 visitors a year in Easton, officials have said.
Kurt Bresswein may be reached at kbresswein@lehighvalleylive.com. Follow him on Twitter @KurtBresswein. Find lehighvalleylive.com on Facebook.
"Back and forth but it's all the same I know this palindrome," croons Aimee Mann, providing a hint as to the singer songwriter's take on the modern workplace.
Her behind-the-scenes video, which also features writing partner Jonathan Coulton, is part of exclusive content launched today on SetThePageFree.com. The website highlights Xerox's (NYSE:XRX) Project: SET THE PAGE FREE™, a book collaboration of epic scale with 14 celebrated and award-winning international writers and creative talents.
SetThePageFree.com now features video documentaries, photos, book excerpts and podcasts from a new wave of project contributors, including Jonathan Ames, Billy Collins, Sloane Crosley, Mann and Coulton.
The project, produced in collaboration with the 92nd Street Y, brings together this unparalleled array of contributors who each has a unique perspective on the working world. Each contribute a chapter - or in Mann's case, a song - to the book that will tell the story of the modern workplace. Xerox technology, software and apps are helping the contributors collaborate throughout the project, moving freely between the physical and digital worlds.
The content featured on SetThePageFree.com is a sneak peek at both the book and the work that has gone into creating it. It gives fans of the contributors a view into their work styles, including where they like to work and technology they lean on to get creativity flowing.
For example, we see Mann and Coulton's relaxed songwriting collaboration come to life via phone conversations, text messages, and eventually, in person. Sloane Crosley, the self-dubbed "host of this literary party," offers a look at how she pulled together contributions to the project while also sharing anecdotes from her personal experience in the modern workplace.
"The content we're sharing in advance of the book launch, slated for Oct. 27, captures how the individual creative process and the modern workplace are inextricably linked," said Toni Clayton Hine, chief marketing officer, Xerox. "Technology has allowed the workplace to be adaptable to different work styles, and Xerox is at the heart of bringing seamless collaboration to life."
Click to Tweet
The new content joins previously available content from Lee Child, Joshua Ferris, Roxane Gay and Gary Shteyngart. In the weeks ahead, additional content from Jonathan Safran Foer, Chip Kidd, Valeria Luiselli, Alain Mabanckou, and Joyce Carol Oates will be revealed. The book will be released internationally as a free eBook in English in late October.
For updates on the project including author videos, podcast interviews, contributor excerpts and the latest information about the book release, visit SetThePageFree.com and follow #SetThePageFree.
As part of the project, Xerox is aiding global literacy through donations to 92nd Street Y and Worldreader.
The project was developed with Xerox's partner Y&R New York, with media strategy and execution provided by MEC Global.
About Xerox
Xerox Corporation is an $11 billion technology leader that innovates the way the world communicates, connects and works. Our expertise is more important than ever as customers of all sizes look to improve productivity, maximize profitability and increase satisfaction. We do this for small and mid-size businesses, large enterprises, governments, graphic communications providers, and for our partners who serve them.
We understand what's at the heart of work - and all of the forms it can take. We embrace the increasingly complex world of paper and digital. Office and mobile. Personal and social. Every day across the globe - in more than 160 countries - our technology, software and people successfully navigate those intersections. We automate, personalize, package, analyze and secure information to keep our customers moving at an accelerated pace. For more information visit www.xerox.com.
Note: To receive RSS news feeds, visit https://www.news.xerox.com. For open commentary, industry perspectives and views visit http://twitter.com/xerox, http://www.linkedin.com/company/xerox, http://connect.blogs.xerox.com, http://www.facebook.com/XeroxCorp, http://www.youtube.com/XeroxCorp.
Xerox®, Xerox and Design® and SET THE PAGE FREETM are trademarks of Xerox in the United States and/or other countries.
$page_length='long'; ?>
In an age where the weather app is a tap away, we don't need to look far for a forecast. But what if you don't have internet? As you head out into spring, try it the old-fashioned way. Here are five hints from nature to help you decide whether to plan a picnic.
Open Pine, Weather's Fine
Curious about humidity? Pine cones are one of Mother Nature's most reliable hygrometers. Pine seeds travel by wind, so on days when weather is damp or rainy, cones will keep their seeds sealed inside. Once the air dries out, cone scales shrink and open, allowing seeds to escape with the breeze. If you're unsure of whether to bring an umbrella, check the cones.
Closed in the Morning, It'll be Pouring
Dandelion flowers close nightly, but if they're still shut in the morning, rain is on its way. Many different flora have evolved to protect themselves against the detrimental effects of wet weather, which can wash away pollen and dilute nectar. Tulips are also known for this trait.
Favored the Least is the Wind from the East
The winds bring all sorts of weather across our paths. However, wind from the east is a tell-tale sign of unsettled weather to come. The wind pattern around a low-pressure system, which brings stormy weather, is always counter-clockwise in the northern hemisphere. In North America, most of our weather systems travel west to northeast thanks to prevailing winds. As the low forges forward, the counter-clockwise wind that precedes it arrives from the east, meaning the so-called bad weather is still to come. That's why a developing east wind is a pretty sure sign that unsettled weather is on the way.
Clear Moon, Frost Soon
If you have a clear view of the winter moon at night, you can expect a brisk morning to follow. Without cloud cover to insulate the air, the Earth's heat rises, which causes surface temperatures to plummet. This quick drop often yields a blanket of frost the next day.
When Chimney Smoke Descends, The Nice Weather Ends
Chimney smokes that slides from the roof to the ground indicates wet weather is coming. Moisture in the air preceding a storm clings to smoke particles, weighing them down and causing them to sink instead of rise.
Transcript for What Vladimir Putin's re-election means to Russia
This transcript has been automatically generated and may not be 100% accurate.
Nigerian Soft P0rn Actress, Judith Mazagwu popularly known as Afrocandy shared a randy photo on Instagram
The mother of two daughters was seen with two young men playing with her.
One of the photos showed one of the young men grabbing the actress by her bum and even planting a kiss there.
See more photos below:
Lehighvalleylive.com staff reports
Between Saturday, Jan. 27 and Friday, Feb. 2, lehighvalleylive.com received obituaries on 48 people with local ties who recently died.
Below is a glimpse into each of those lives lost. To see each obituary in its entirety, click on the link at the end of each entry. To see obituaries prior to Jan. 27, click here.
JAKARTA, Indonesia — Indonesia is immunizing millions of children and teenagers against diphtheria after the disease killed 38 people, mostly children, since January.
Children in school uniforms and toddlers clinging to their parents received shots at a high school in Indonesia's capital, Jakarta, on the first day of the campaign Monday.
Diphtheria is a bacterial disease that can cause breathing difficulties, heart failure and paralysis. It was more or less eradicated in Indonesia in the 1990s but health officials say it has re-emerged in the past four years because immunization rates have dropped, partly reflecting fears about vaccines.
The first stage of the $112 million campaign aims to vaccinate 8 million people under the age of 19 in Jakarta and the populous provinces of Banten and West Java.
The outbreak is “likely due to some people refusing immunization which causes their children's antibodies and resistance to be low,” Health Minister Nila Moeloek said after visiting a hospital where more than 30 diphtheria patients were being treated.
She said there could be a variety of reasons why increased numbers of parents are refusing immunizations.
The disease disappeared during the three-decade rule of Indonesian dictator Suharto when a family education program sent volunteers such as the wives of government officials into villages where they talked to mothers about nutrition and sanitation and reminded them about national immunization days.
The program was abandoned after Suharto's ouster in 1998, and a subsequent decentralization of government in Indonesia has complicated the work of health officials. Rumours that vaccinations are dangerous and violate Islamic law have also gained currency in the world's most populous Muslim nation.
The result, according to Elizabeth Jane Soepardi, who oversees immunization policy at the Ministry of Health, is that immunization rates dropped in some communities.
“I didn't even know about immunization,” said Satiyah, a 46-year-old mother of three whose adult son is being treated in an isolation ward for diphtheria after developing fever and nausea.
“None of my children has been immunized since birth,” said Satiyah, who goes by one name. She said now that she risks losing her son she will allow her 15-year-old daughter to be immunized.
No Kingdom return for Crokes quintet 14 February 2017
Johnny Buckley and his Dr Crokes teammates celebrate with the broken Munster club SFC trophy.
©INPHO/Cathal Noonan. Johnny Buckley and his Dr Crokes teammates celebrate with the broken Munster club SFC trophy.©INPHO/Cathal Noonan.
Dr Crokes' Kerry contingent won't be returning to the intercounty fold until after St Patrick's Day.
The Kerry and Munster champions have sealed an All-Ireland Club SFC date with Slaughtneil of Derry on March 17th and will continue to train with their club exclusively under ex-Kingdom boss Pat O'Shea, according to midfielder Johnny Buckley.
Club captain Buckley, Colm Cooper, Fionn Fitzgerald, Tony Brosnan and Gavin White were all part of Kerry's championship squad last summer. But Buckley can't see them being drafted back in for the forthcoming league clashes with Monaghan or Roscommon:
“I would think the club will be our sole focus,” he told The Irish Examiner. “We're fully with Crokes. We talked to Eamonn [Fitzmaurice] before the semi-final and he was very obliging. We might have another chat with him and see how we go.”
CAPE CANAVERAL, Fla. (AP) — SpaceX had a royal audience as it launched a satellite for Luxembourg.
The Falcon 9 rocket blasted off late Wednesday afternoon from Cape Canaveral, Florida, hoisting GovSat-1 for the government of Luxembourg and SES, the country's prime satellite operator, SES. The satellite will support both military and civilian security efforts.
Witnessing the launch were Luxembourg's Prince Guillaume and his wife, Stephanie. The country's prime minister, Xavier Bettel, and other high-ranking officials also were present.
The rocket's first-stage booster — which also flew last spring — was not recovered this time. Instead, it dropped into the Atlantic.
With GovSat-1 now in orbit, SpaceX can focus on next week's debut of its new, big Falcon Heavy rocket. The test flight is scheduled for Tuesday.
Osinbajo meets with Southeast leaders, urges them not to be tempted into tit-for-tat
Acting President Yemi Osinbajo on Wednesday met with Southeast governors and other leaders of thought from the region and urged them not to be tempted into a tit-for-tat amid hate speeches across the country.
In his opening remarks at the meeting with the leaders of thought held at the old Banquet Hall, Presidential Villa, Abuja, Osinbajo urged them to always speak out against hate speeches and comments capable of polarizing the country along ethnic, sectional and religious lines.
He stated that the meeting was “very urgent and crucial'' because of the current loud voices of hate speeches and divisive comments resonating across the country, stressing that the situation required urgent attention from all concerned.
According to him, this is not the time to hide under any ethnic or religious platform to support comments that divide rather than unite us as a nation.
He, therefore, urged leaders to raise their voices against the present strident divisive speeches in the country, saying that “violence pays no one.
“Violence and war are not going to do anyone any good. Wars today hardly ends. No one who has seen the face of wars evens on Television who wish it for anyone.
“We should not tolerate hate speeches or divisive comments.''
The acting president reiterated the Federal Government's resolve to deal with any troublemaker who threaten the peaceful coexistence of Nigeria.
He said:“Their is no doubt on the resolve of government to allow anyone get away with hate speeches and divisive words.
“Our emotion should not be allowed to run wide so as to threaten the existence of anyone anywhere in Nigeria.
“We will do everything within our power to protect the lives of every citizen anywhere and in any part of the country.''
He thanked the leaders for their prompt response to the consultative meeting.
Those who attended the meeting included the Senate President Bukola Saraki, Speaker of the House of Representatives Yakubu Dogara, Gov. Ifeanyi Ugwuanyi of Enugu, Gov. David Umahi of Ebonyi, Gov. Okezie Ikpeazu of Abia, Gov. Willy Obiano of Anambra and Gov. Rochas Okorocha of Imo.
Others included Chief of staff to the president Abba Kyari, Deputy Senate President Ike Ekweremadu, NSA, chief of defence staff, service chiefs, Inspector-General of Police, Ibrahim Idris and ministers.
Former Senate President Ken Namani, Senator Eyinaya Abaribe, Chief Chukwuemeka Ezeife, Catholic Awka Bishop Okoye, Igwebike Onah Catholic archbishop of Nssuka, Senator Joy Emordi, Prof. Viola Nwuleri also attended the meeting.
It would be recalled that the Acting President on Tuesday began consultations with leaders of thought from the North and warned that the government would deal decisively with persons who make hate speeches or attempt to disrupt the peace of the country.
The meeting was sequel to the calls for secession by youth from different ethnic groups in the country resulting in some asking others to vacate their enclave before Oct. 1.
The Acting President noted that that was not what the country desired at this time and urged those involved to desist or face the full weight of law.
This post was syndicated from The Guardian Nigeria Newspaper. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
CANBERRA, Australia (AP) — A Sydney Harbor ferry christened Ferry McFerryface three months ago has been renamed after a political squabble over the level of support for the jokey Mc-moniker.
New South Wales Minister for Transport and Infrastructure Andrew Constance said in November that McFerryface came in second place in a competition after the now famous choice, Boaty McBoatface.
But Constance said on Wednesday that McFerry was only a temporary name to entertain children during the southern summer and the ferry had been permanently renamed after Australian children's author May Gibbs.
Constance's rationale for rejecting the trendsetting McBoatface in November as the name of the new ferry was that choice had already been taken.
Nine Network television reported Tuesday that McFerryface was far from the most popular choice in an online poll.
WASHINGTON (AP) — Retail sales rose a seasonally adjusted 0.4 percent last month, slowing down from a solid 1 percent gain in December, the Commerce Department said Wednesday.
Overall sales likely pulled back from a December bump in holiday shopping online and at auto dealers, while Americans spent more than normally expected last month at clothiers, department stores, electronics outlets and sporting goods retailers.
Higher gas prices drove a 2.3 percent sales increase at service stations last month. Gasoline prices climbed 7.8 percent between January and December, according to a separate Labor Department report released Wednesday. The retail sales report does not adjust its figures for prices.
Purchases at restaurants and bars climbed 1.4 percent. Building materials stores saw a slight 0.3 percent gain.
But sales at auto dealers slipped 1.2 percent, a sharp pull back after jumping 2.9 percent in December.
Sales at non-store retailers such as internet outlets were flat in January, although they have climbed 12 percent over the past year as more Americans prefer to shop via their computers and phones.
Over the past 12 months, total retail sales have risen a solid 5.6 percent. The greater spending likely reflects the improving job market. Employers added 227,000 workers in January, while the unemployment rate ticked up slightly to 4.8 percent because more people started looking for jobs and were counted as unemployed.
Rich the Kid Takes Aim at Lil Uzi Vert in ‘Who Run It' Remix – Complex
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Entertainment - Google News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
FDA Warns Dog Bones Could Be Deadly for Fido
The Food and Drug Administration warned consumers not to buy commercial dog bones after several reports of illness and death of pets, the agency said in a notice this month.
The FDA said it received about 68 reports of pet illnesses related to "bone treats" - the processed and packaged dog treats sometimes described as "Ham Bones," "Pork Femur Bones," "Rib Bones" and "Smokey Knuckle Bones" that are different from the uncooked butcher-type bones.
"The products may be dried through a smoking process or by baking and may contain other ingredients such as preservatives, seasonings, and smoke flavorings," the FDA said.
"Giving your dog a bone treat might lead to an unexpected trip to your veterinarian, a possible emergency surgery, or even death for your pet," said Carmela Stamper, a veterinarian in the Center for Veterinary Medicine at the FDA.
Some of the symptoms of bad bone treats include blockage in the digestive tract, choking, cuts and wounds in the mouth or on the tonsils, vomiting, diarrhea, bleeding from the rectum and death.
In all, the FDA has received reports from 90 dogs as some reports included more than one dog. Of the 90 dogs affected, 15 have died.
In addition to bone treats, the FDA warned against giving chicken bones to dogs, which can cause injury and choking.
"We recommend supervising your dog with any chew toy or treat, especially one she hasn't had before," Stamper said. "And if she 'just isn't acting right,' call your veterinarian right away!"
© 2017 UPI Top Stories under contract with NewsEdge/Acquire Media. All rights reserved.
Image credit: iStock.
Insecurity: Nigeria now ripe for state police – Zamfara Gov – Vanguard
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Africa - Google News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
A Philadelphia judge has denied Meek Mill's request to replace the judge overseeing his ongoing legal case, the Associated Press reports. Judge Leon Tucker ruled that he lacks jurisdiction to remove Judge Genece Brinkley, whose handling of the Mill case has come under national scrutiny.
Judge Tucker told @MeekMill attorney that the decision is out of his hands. He cannot overrule judge of equal sitting, especially one that's been sitting longer than he has. Judge Brinkley *must recuse herself. She has shown that she does not plan on doing that @6abc — Jeannette Reyes (@6abcJeannette) May 30, 2018
Though Brinkley has overseen Mill's case for more than nine years, she drew wider attention last November when she sentenced Mill to two to four years in prison for a probation violation connected to a decade-old gun and drug conviction. The heavy-handed sentence prompted criticism from proponents of criminal justice reform as well as Meek Mill fans. Mill's camp has accused Brinkley of exercising a “personal vendetta” against the rapper, arguing that she has been inappropriately involved in his case. Brinkley has defended her impartiality.
In April, Brinkley refused Mill's request for release on bail over the objections of the Philadelphia district attorney, the mayor, and the Pennsylvania governor. Mill was later released after a special action by the state supreme court. Prosecutors have said Mill's convictions should be thrown out and the charges reevaluated at a new trial “due to questions of credibility of the arresting officer,” who has since retired.
Having kids is a no-go for most millennials
New research suggests many millennials are choosing to stray from the social norm of having children and instead opting to get married later than previous generations. Why they are doing this can be blamed on a myriad of things.
This trend is inconsistent with older generations who started living the family life much sooner. Over 46 percent of baby boomers got married at ages that many millennials have already surpassed, and that gap is expected to increase as millennials continue to age.
Giving up the traditional family ideal has been inevitable, especially for a generation growing up connecting through social media and internet technology. The incentive to be seen has changed society, distorting people's' perception of success.
Millennials are the most educated generation in human history, yet have little to show for it. Many are in copious amounts of debt from student loans. This, and the other fiscal stress factors that come with adulthood, make having a family an unattractive endeavor for millennials.
However, not all are completely turned off from the idea, rather choosing to focus on developing a career and other personal goals, before taking on the family life.
With the world's population at seven billion and continuing to grow at unprecedented rates, adding to the pack is the least of millennials concerns. In a way, it serves as lessening their carbon footprint on an already strained environment.
With some of the worst maternity leave policies in developed nations, American lawmakers can also be credited for the decline in birth rates. The federal government does not mandate businesses to offer paid maternity leave.
Living in a society that doesn't support working mothers, is enough to make anyone have serious reservations about having a child. It explains why birthing rates among women in their twenties is at an all-time low.
Furthermore, parents are even less appreciative of parenthood today, wishing they hadn't partaken in the process. This goes against the standard moral etiquette of claiming that having children is the most amazing experience. Not only are they unappreciative of the process; happiness is negatively impacted.
According to the Washington Post “having a child can have a pretty strong negative impact on a person's happiness… worse than divorce, worse than unemployment and worse even than the death of a partner.”
Times have changed and the responsibility to the individual has become more important. With many millennials adopting this way of thinking, the birth rate will most likely continue to dwindle as fewer people find happiness in traditional household values.
Opinion columnist Anthony Cianciulli is a broadcast journalism junior and can be reached at [email protected]
Online surveys now available for residents of Choctaw, Harrah, Jones, Luther and Nicoma Park
In coordination with the Eastern Oklahoma County Partnership 2017 Gala, online surveys went live Friday night.
The annual event celebrating accomplishments of the partnership was hosted August 11 at River Oaks Country Club, and the big news of the evening was the launch of online surveys that will be used to gather input from eastern Oklahoma County residents to assist in the creation of a comprehensive master plan for the entire region.
The EOCP is asking for public input to determine what kind of growth residents of Choctaw, Harrah, Jones, Luther and Nicoma Park want to see in coming years.
The surveys went live at eocpartnership.com/plan-eoc, and following the online input period the public will be invited to several meetings hosted within the cities developing master plans.
The regional planning efforts are to be funded by a $500,000 grant from the U.S. Department of Commerce – Economic Development Administration.
Friday night Mitch Hale, of OGE, was named chairman for the upcoming year, while Jones Mayor Ray Poland stepped down as the outgoing chairman.
Hale believes the time is now to ensure the region becomes an attractive destination to future generations through appropriate planning.
“The No. 1 thing millennials are looking at when determining where they're going to live is the quality of place,” said Hale. “We have an opportunity to make a collective effort to increase our quality of place. Oklahoma City has the highest millennial retention in the country, and if we don't take this opportunity to improve our quality of place we'll be left behind.”
Residents of the region have a unique opportunity to have their voice heard in the planning process, explained EOC Partnership Executive Director Tim Hight. “This is going to be done with class, and we'll be above board the entire time. We want the public's involvement.”
The EOC Partnership says the project will act as a catalyst for business expansion, capital investment, site planning and ultimately lead to area job growth.
“EOC Partnership is committed to this exciting partnership with EDA to further support area business expansion, community infrastructure investment and site planning to attract global companies to our region,” said Hight.
Hight says when the process is complete Choctaw, Harrah, Jones, Nicoma Park, Luther and unincorporated areas of eastern Oklahoma County near the planned turnpike will have detailed comprehensive master plans.
In 2011, the EO CP was formed as a regional partnership of five cities: Choctaw, Harrah, Jones, Luther and Nicoma Park. During the last year all members supported efforts to move the partnership in the direction of a true public-private partnership in an effort to better serve the growth of the region and area businesses.
In addition to Oklahoma City and Oklahoma County working with the partnership, the EOCP has expanded to include a variety of cities, towns, businesses and nonprofits sharing in the mission of making the eastern Oklahoma County region a place of jobs, development, innovation and entrepreneurial energy.
For more information visit eocpartnership.com or call 390-GROW.
The US Department of Transportation (DOT) told Sen. Bill Nelson (D-Florida), ranking member of the Senate Committee on Commerce, Science and Transportation, in a May 23 letter that consumer protections included in both chambers' FAA reauthorization bills are “unnecessary, expensive and counterproductive.”
In the letter, DOT deputy general counsel James Owens singled out a provision in the Senate bill that would require DOT to create rules to determine which airline fees “are unreasonable or disproportionate to the cost incurred by the air carrier.” The counsel claimed such a provision would signal a “return to the pre-1978 era,” back when the US federal government controlled domestic airline fares and rates.
The provision in question would require DOT to examine fees incurred for flight cancellation, checked baggage, seat selection and flight changes. The Department alleges such a measure would “reverse to a significant extent the ground rules that have governed the airline industry since the Carter Administration.”
The administration voiced displeasure that the bill would mandate airlines and ticket agents disclose the fees to consumers at all points of sale. According to the letter, the rule is “exceedingly broad” and “resource-intensive,” and would be costly for airlines to implement.
DOT also complained about both bills' “unnecessary and burdensome” reporting requirements to Congress, which the counsel wrote would “divert scarce personnel time and resources” from the Department's primary mission, and increase “bureaucratic drag” impeding the FAA's efficient operation of the National Airspace System (NAS).
Airlines for America has previously come out against the provision, claiming it would result in “government-mandated price controls.”
The Department also objected to a section of the Senate bill that would prohibit airlines from denying boarding to any passenger cleared by the gate attendant to board an aircraft. The administration argued the rule would make it difficult for airlines to continue the current practice of overselling scheduled flights to compensate for “no-shows.”
The rule was prompted by public outcry following a viral video of the forced removal of a United Airlines passenger in April 2017.
In response, Sen. Nelson said the letter “reads more like something written by airlines instead of the government watchdog that's supposed to be protecting consumers,” according to Reuters.
Ben Goldstein, Ben.Goldstein@aviationweek.com
Little Red Hats Make Big Impact in New Jersey by
Saturday, February 03 2018 @ 03:55 PM EST
Posted in News & Views
American Heart Association and The Children's Heart Foundation empower new moms and babies with the Little Hats, Big Hearts program.
Saddle Brook, NJ, February 1, 2018 — The American Heart Association and The Children's Heart Foundation have launched the third year of New Jersey's Little Hats, Big Hearts initiative. The program gives new moms a free kit that includes a beautiful, handmade red hat, along with health information including tips on raising a healthy family, ways mom can take care of herself, heart-healthy recipes and information on children's heart health.
Babies born in February will don knitted red caps to raise awareness of heart disease, the number one killer of Americans, and congenital heart defects, the most common type of birth defect in the country.
In New Jersey alone, over 3,600 kits will be handed out across the state during the month of February. This February, which is American Heart Month and also holds Congenital Heart Defect Awareness Week, starting on February 7th, the American Heart Association will empower and educate moms on one of life's most important journeys – parenthood.
Heart disease can affect anyone—including moms and babies. In fact, 90% of women have at least one risk factor for cardiovascular disease and congenital heart defects (CHD) are the #1 most frequent birth defect affecting about 8 out of 1000 infants born each year. Congenital heart defects are structural problems with the heart present at birth. According to the American Heart Association, it's possible to fix most congenital heart defects and there are an estimated 2 million CHD survivors in the United States. The American Heart Association is working hard towards our goal to have more healthy babies and moms by raising awareness, advocating for change and funding cutting-edge cardiovascular research to save and improve lives.
“I want to show that congenital heart defect patients can do more than just survive, they can thrive and live lives that others would deem “normal”,” said Caitlin McAloon, Heart Survivor Ambassador for The American Heart Association. “I have pulmonary atresia with an intact VSD. Shortly after my birth a nurse noticed that I was blue. At three days old I had a catheterization and the doctor noticed that I had sinusoids all over my heart, which was a concern. There was a risk that the blood would go to the sinusoids and not to my right ventricle, which would cause me to have a heart attack on the table. My parents were told that an extremely experimental and risky surgery was my best shot at a normal life. This was just the beginning of my journey. Today, I stay healthy by walking my dog, doing hot yoga a few days a week, eating healthy and drinking plenty of water. My life would appear from the outside to be fairly “normal”, which is what I always wanted.”
This year, 35 New Jersey Hospitals will participate in Little Hats, Big Hearts. Out of the 35 hospitals, 16 North Jersey hospitals are a part of this amazing initiative including: Christ Hospital, Englewood Hospital and Medical Center, Hackensack Meridian Health Palisades Medical Center, Hackensack University Medical Center, Hoboken University Medical Center, Jersey City Medical Center, JFK Medical Center, Mountainside Medical Center, Newark Beth Israel Medical Center, Pascack Valley Medical Center, Saint Barnabas Medical Center, Saint Clare's Health System, St. Mary's General Hospital, St. Joseph's Regional Medical Center, The Valley Hospital, and Trinitas Regional Medical Center.
The Little Hats, Big Hearts program started in Chicago in 2014 and has expanded to more than 40 states. Since 2016, nearly 5,800 hats have been distributed in the Garden State. For more information about the Little Hats, Big Hearts program in NJ, please visit www.heart.org/littlehatsbighearts.
About the American Heart Association
The American Heart Association is devoted to saving people from heart disease and stroke – the two leading causes of death in the world. We team with millions of volunteers to fund innovative research, fight for stronger public health policies and provide lifesaving tools and information to prevent and treat these diseases. The Dallas-based association is the nation's oldest and largest voluntary organization dedicated to fighting heart disease and stroke. To learn more or to get involved, call 1-800-AHA-USA1, visit heart.org or call any of our offices around the country. Follow us on Facebook and Twitter.
Advertisement
SACRAMENTO, Calif. — Perrion Callandret had 23 points on 10-of-14 shooting and Idaho led the entire way in an 81-58 victory over Sacramento State on Saturday night.
Victor Sanders hit a 3 with 3:29 left that sparked a late 9-0 run to help the Vandals (16-7, 8-3 Big Sky) secure their third win in a row and sixth in the last seven.
Idaho doubled up the Hornets (6-17, 3-7) in the first half for a 40-20 lead at the break. Sacramento State scored the first nine points of the second half, but didn't cut the deficit into single digits until a 10-0 run made it 59-50 with seven minutes left. That was as close as they would get.
Brayon Blake added 16 points, Chad Sherwood scored 12 and Jordan Scott 11 for Idaho, which made 10 of 21 from 3-point range.
Joshua Patton led Sacramento State with 16 points. Justin Strings scored 13 and Jeff Wu 11.
The National stalwart of the Progressives Congress (APC), Asiwaju Bola Ahmed Tinubu, has congratulated Nigerians for making it to the New Year.
In a statement by his Media Office, Asiwaju Tinubu said: ”The last year witnessed a lot of sacrifices on the part of Nigerians. The government of APC is mindful. It is the necessary pain before the gain. As we move into a new year the pains will ease off in certain areas as the policies and initiatives of the Buhari-led government begin to yield, needed relief and dividends.
Tinubu said Nigeria had begun on a journey and a path of sacrifice not of our choosing but brought upon us all because a few chosen to lead have led without vision, compunction or compassion.
“Now that we have a leadership that is committed, focused and people oriented, we must align to make Nigeria work. We are a people blessed by God and destined to be great. The path to greatness is often not smooth. But I am confident that Nigeria will arrive and fulfill her manifest destiny. Let us all in 2017 pray and hope for a new county where feeding and shelter will not be a challenge and more of our people will find work to do.
“Happy new year and God bless our nation.”
Nigeria'll fullfil its destiny, says Tinubu
Preparing security/collateral for bank loan: Domiciliation
Vanguard
AT last we are delivering the last parts of this long series on how to prepare security/ collateral for business loan. In this concluding part we are lumping three inter-related elements of security/ collateral, viz, Domiciliation, Assignment of …
and more »
Fayose Hails Saraki's Victory At CCT
BY ALO ABIOLA,
Ekiti State Governor, Mr Ayodele Fayose has hailed the triumph of the Senate President, Bukola Saraki at the Code of Conduct Tribunal (CCT), describing it as another victory of Nigerians over tyranny.
Governor Fayose who drew the attention of Nigerians to number eight of his 22 predictions for year 2017, said; “I said it categorically that
the Code of Conduct Tribunal will absolve Senate President Bukola Saraki and today, the prediction came to pass.”
Reacting to the CCT judgment discharging Senator Saraki through his Special Assistant on Public Communications and New Media, Lere
Olayinka, the governor said the judgment was another lesson for the President Muhammadu Buhari led All Progressives Congress (APC) federal government that criminal cases are not won on the pages of newspapers.
He congratulated the Senate President, urging him to see the victory as a challenge to him and the entire members of the National Assembly to always stand up to defend the the rule of law and fundamental rights of Nigerians.
The governor said; “I have maintained that the government of President Buhari is not fighting any corruption. Rather, what is being done is
hiding under anti-corruption fight to persecute, humiliate, harass and malign perceived political enemies.
“They go about trying their perceived political foes in the media, with the aim of destroying their names when they do not have any evidence that can sustain court trial and it is for this reason that they have been losing corruption cases.
“Look at all the noise they made when they started Senator Saraki's case, it was as if he will be sent to jail the following week. But when it was time for them to prove their allegations, they could not
The post Fayose Hails Saraki's Victory At CCT appeared first on leadership.ng.
This post was syndicated from leadership.ng. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Condoms are made of latex rubber, polyurethane or lamb intestines. One of the benefits of condoms is the ability to block sexually transmitted diseases.
RAYMONDVILLE, Texas — Officials in a remote South Texas county have approved a contract to open a privately run, 1,000-bed immigration lockup on the site of a tent city prison that was destroyed during a 2015 riot.
The Valley Morning Star of Harlingen reports that Willacy County commissioners on Monday agreed to the U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement detention centre outside Raymondville, about 50 miles (80 kilometres) from the U.S.-Mexico border city of Brownsville.
County Judge Aurelio Guerra says the new lockup will boost the local economy.
The prison that housed 3,000 inmates in tent-like domes closed after the 2015 uprising. A county lawsuit blamed the riot on “abysmal mismanagement” by Utah-based Management & Training Corp.
Management & Training, which bought the site last year, will operate the new immigrant facility.
——
Information from: Valley Morning Star, http://www.valleystar.com
TAMPA (WFLA) – Are you suffering from the flu or a cold? Well, you're not alone.
According to Sickweather, a mapping system of human health through crowdsourcing, said the common cold, flu and cough are trending in the Tampa Bay area.
How do you know if your illness is the flu or a cold? Both are respiratory infections. Flu symptoms are very similar to a cold with nasal congestion, cough and aches, but you will have a higher fever to start. You will also get a dry, hacking cough with the flu, chills and severe fatigue that could last two weeks.
Colds come on gradually and flu symptoms come on quickly. Flus usually start with a dry throat and nose; a cold usually starts with a runny nose.
The good news is that Sickweather reported that the stomach virus is on the decline.
You can check out the live map of illnesses here.
MORE TOP STORIES:
LEXINGTON, Ky. — Kentucky will play in the Bahamas for the first time since 2014 during an eight-day August trip featuring four games against professional teams.
The Wildcats will arrive in Aug. 6 at Atlantis on Paradise Island to train before facing the Bahamas' national team and San Lorenzo de Almagra on Aug. 8-9 respectively. They will also play Mega Bemax and Team Toronto on Aug. 11-12. It will mark their first preseason foreign trip since going 5-1 in the islands before winning their first 38 games and reaching the Final Four.
Kentucky coach John Calipari is trying to fill his roster but said in a release Tuesday that taking another young squad to practice and play pro teams in the Bahamas "will give our guys an early idea of how hard this is going to be."
___
Local government leaders believe municipalities are taking some big hits in the latest state budget proposal. Those advocates say this could create a domino effect for cities and towns around the state.
Budget cuts
Local governments are likely to see a loss of $150 million in funding from just the local government fund distribution and projects. The Ohio Municipal League's Kent Scarrett says there are a lot of seemingly small changes in the Senate budget bill that could result in big cuts.
"These are all sort of storm of great uncertainty for our communities and the most challenging part of uncertainty is our financial stability. It puts the pressure on our taxpayers to make up for those differences or suffer the consequences of decreased services," Scarrett says.
Republican Senate President Larry Obhof acknowledged their budget was tight and that many groups were going to see substantial cuts.
NEW YORK (CBSNewYork/AP) — Child advocates in New York state are attempting to overturn a law that allows children as young as 14 years old to wed.
The advocates said weddings at such young ages can trap minors in sexual abuse and domestic violence.
Assemblywoman Amy Paulin (D-Scarsdale) on Tuesday introduced a bill to raise the minimum age for marriage to 17. New York is one of three states that allow 14-year-olds to marry with parental and judicial consent.
Paulin called the law an appalling loophole for adults to sexually abuse children and avoid statutory rape charges.
“I can't even begin to imagine the physical, psychological and emotional traumas these children have suffered,” she said. “We must safeguard the health, safety and welfare of our children, who are the future of our society.”
According to data from the Tahirih Justice Center, a nonprofit that protects immigrant women and girls, and the National Conference of State Legislatures, North Carolina and Alaska also allow 14 year olds to marry with parental and judicial consent.
Twenty-seven states have no minimum age in state statutes, meaning children of any age could technically marry with court approval.
Paulin said children have no escape from forced marriages because minors have limited access to legal services and domestic violence shelters. Paulin's proposal would prohibit marriage of children under 17, and children age 17 to 18 would require court approval.
Fraidy Reiss, founder and executive director of Unchained at Last, a nonprofit to end forced marriage, said religion, economic status and tradition motivate thousands of forced child marriages a year.
Health department data shows that between 2000 and 2010, 3,853 minors were married in New York. Eighty-four percent were minor girls married to adult men.
“The impacts of child marriage on a girl's life are devastating and long-lasting, undermining her health, education and economic opportunities and increasing her risk of experiencing violence,” Reiss said.
Safia Mahjebia of Brooklyn was 16 years old when a close friend in her tight-knit Bangladeshi community was forced into a marriage with a 25-year-old man.
“Our immediate response was unanimous fear. Fear for her safety, fear for her future, and fear in the air to know you could be next,” Mahjebia, now 20, said.
Mahjebia said she felt betrayed to learn the marriage was legal in New York, and it was only her parents' ignorance of that fact that prevented her own marriage as a young girl.
Advocates from Unchained At Last and the Human Rights Watch wore white gowns and chains on their wrists outside the Assembly chamber Tuesday singing “Save the girls. Be the change. Help us to break the chains.”
(TM and © Copyright 2017 CBS Radio Inc. and its relevant subsidiaries. CBS RADIO and EYE Logo TM and Copyright 2017 CBS Broadcasting Inc. Used under license. All Rights Reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. The Associated Press contributed to this report.)
KANSAS CITY, Mo. — The Royals activated All-Star catcher Salvador Perez and outfielder Alex Gordon from the disabled list and put them in the lineup for Tuesday night's series opener against the Brewers.
Perez has been out all season after straining a ligament in his left knee while carrying bags up a flight of stairs in his home. He was behind the plate and batting cleanup against Milwaukee.
Gordon tore the labrum in his left hip on April 9. He was in left field and batting seventh.
The Royals also recalled left-hander Eric Stout from Triple-A Omaha to provide bullpen help. They cleared roster space by putting right-hander Justin Grimm on the DL with lower back stiffness and sending catcher Cam Gallagher and outfielder Paulo Orlando to the Storm Chasers.
Getty Image
The movie Titanic is still one of the top grossing films of all time, launched Leonardo DiCaprio into superstardom, and remains a favorite film for millions. It's also a 3 hour, 15-minute long movie that, when put on network television, can take over 4.5 hours with commercials.
So, how quickly can you provide an all-encompassing review of Titanic? If you're Pelicans' star center DeMarcus Cousins, the answer is one minute.
Cousins did a video for the Pelicans' Facebook page (and, possibly, the in-arena jumbotron) where he gave a full plot summary of Titanic with commentary in under a minute. It's impressive and the best part is Cousins is clearly a pretty big fan of the movie. This isn't him reading off a script, he's giving this review and recap off memory. That part is obvious in two places, one in which he does the raspy “Jack, Jack” voice and then later when, like any good Titanic fan, he gets mad that Rose didn't at least try to fit Jack on the door.
Another stunning photo of the happy couple on their wedding day.
Another stunning photo of the happy couple on their wedding day.
Photos View Photo Gallery
IT HAS been a year to forget for Scott Hoare but the former Gympie man has married the love of his life, Angie Minucos, to put a silver lining on what was the worst year of their lives.
READ MORE: "I tried to stand but my arms and legs wouldn't budge”
CLICK HERE: He fought off death three times in one week
One year ago, on December 2, 2016, the popular former St Patrick's student was swimming in the surf at Coogee Beach in Sydney when he hit his head on a sandbank and broke his neck.
He was told he would be a quadriplegic for the rest of his life.
"It's like we lost a year of our lives, basically,” Mr Hoare said.
"Everything was normal until the Second of December, everything got turned on its head and we had no control.
"Our hands were not on the steering wheel, we were passengers for so much time.”
Scott Hoare before the terrible accident that changed his life forever.
Two days after Mr Hoare came out of Intensive Care, Ms Minucos proposed; a few days later they had set the date - December 2 - the anniversary of the injury.
"At the time that was massive. I couldn't move anything from my neck down,” Mr Hoare said.
"With that knowledge, she still proposed.
"She was so committed to me. She basically threw her life, her normal life, away to live with me.”
From that tale comes a deeper story of determination and love.
Scott Hoare and Angie Minucos further along his road to rehabilitation. Contributed
In 2013, both Mr Hoare, now 29, and Ms Minucos were travelling in Canada and fate brought them together.
"It started in Toronto in Canada, we met through mutual friends who played in my rugby team,” Mr Hoare said.
"We were having a party, I walked into the lounge room and saw her.
"I thought, 'what was a girl, this pretty, doing in my house'?”
The couple were friends for about six months before romance grew.
Clayton Beckett, from Toronto, Canada, with Scott Hoare who played rugby union with Clayton and ex-pat Gympie-ites Roman Sidey and Ryan Manton for the Toronto Nomads. Back in Australia to see family at Christmas, Clayton took the chance to visit Scott and present him with Nomads' jersey signed by his former teammates. Also pictured is Scott's mate James Walker.
"Everyone else knew we liked each other but we didn't really want anything serious, but couldn't help it any more.”
Ms Minucos was a cheerleader for the Toronto Argonauts in the Canadian Football League, and Mr Hoare soon returned home for a mining job.
The couple did "the long distance thing” for a while, until Ms Minucos joined Mr Hoare in Canberra where they both studied fitness.
After the pair finished their studies in April 2015, they sold their belongings and booked one-way tickets to North America to chase Ms Minucos' dream of being a cheerleader for NFL team, The San Diego Chargers.
Former Gympie man Scott Hoare in a neck brace not long after his accident last December. Angie by his side as always. Contributed
Out of over 500 applicants, Ms Minucos was selected as one of eight to be offered contracts and the couple embarked on the chance of a lifetime.
"It was ridiculous, it was not like real life,” Mr Hoare said.
In April 2016, they returned to Australia and settled in Ms Minucos' home town of Sydney.
"In those few months she (Ms Minucos) started her own cheer-leading agency,” Mr Hoare said.
"I was studying physiotherapy while working part time and we were starting to move forward.
"I finished semester two at uni, then not even a week later I broke my neck.”
The cruel twist of fate landed a heavy blow to the couple and their world was turned upside down.
While in hospital for one of the many surgeries, the surgeon asked Mr Hoare if he was ready, he responded: "Let's do this”.
On Saturday, December 2, 2017, exactly one year after his injury, Mr Hoare said something similar as he wed Angie Minucos in a ceremony at Narrabeen Surf Life Saving Club.
It was the highlight and exclamation point to a year that completely changed their lives.
Mr Hoare's recovery is also progressing, with partial arm and finger control returning after vigorous rehabilitation.
"We streamed the wedding live, about 1000 people watched from around the world,” Mr Hoare said.
"It was amazing, we had so many close friends from so far away.
"On my side, I had probably three people from Sydney and we had 150 there.”
Mr Hoare said things are becoming better with time.
"When I look back, it's been obviously the worst year of our lives. At the same time we've come out the other end, I've got the best job I've ever had. I'm married. I'm at uni.”
Mr Hoare now leads a gym's athlete development program, a dream job he picked up only five months after his injury.
"Angie and I are closer than we've ever been. We're closer with our families than ever before,” he said.
"We look back and we say: "If that's the worst year, then we are pretty good.”
"Everything I did this year was a first, and it was so emotional
DALLAS (AP) - Exxon Mobil has told shareholders that it doesn't think policies to combat climate change will have much effect on its business and that demand for fossil fuels will remain strong for decades.
In a report released Friday, the company does acknowledge that some of its most costly oil and gas reserves might not be developed.
Exxon's report comes in response to pressure from shareholders who voted last May to urge the company to issue a report on the matter every year.
The shareholders fear that policies to limit heat-trapping carbon emissions will hurt Exxon's business of drilling for oil and natural gas.
The shareholder vote followed the 2015 Paris climate agreement, which called for policies to stop the rise in global temperatures at two degrees Celsius above preindustrial levels. Exxon said that even with that goal, the world will need to invest trillions of dollars in oil and natural gas to meet increasing energy demand from a growing world population and rising prosperity.
Exxon said more than 90 percent of its current proven reserves of oil and gas will be pumped from the ground by 2040 and won't be affected by a 2-degree scenario. The company said some of its higher-cost assets may not be developed, but energy demand will allow it to replenish its reserves "for decades to come."
Officials in several states accuse Exxon of misleading the public and investors on what it knew about the role of fossil fuels in climate change. Exxon has denied the claims and is fighting back in court against investigations by New York and Massachusetts officials.
Exxon Mobil Corp., based in Irving, Texas, released its report the same day that it posted disappointing fourth-quarter earnings, pushing Exxon shares down 5.1 percent.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
What we eat can influence more than our waistlines. It turns out, our diets also help determine what we smell like.
A recent study found that women preferred the body odor of men who ate a lot of fruits and vegetables. Whereas men who ate a lot of carbohydrates gave off a smell that was less appealing.
Skeptical? At first, I was, too. I thought this line of inquiry must have been dreamed up by the produce industry. (Makes a good marketing campaign, right?!)
But it's legit. "We've known for a while that odor is an important component of attractiveness, especially for women," says Ian Stephen of Macquarie University in Australia. He studies evolution, genetics and psychology and is an author of the study.
From an evolutionary perspective, scientists say our sweat can help signal our health status, and could possibly play a role in helping attract a mate.
So, how did scientists evaluate the link between diet and the attractiveness of body odor?
They began by recruiting a bunch of healthy, young men. They assessed the men's skin using an instrument called a spectrophotometer. When people eat a lot of colorful veggies, their skin takes on the hue of carotenoids, the plant pigments that are responsible for bright red, yellow and orange foods.
"The carotenoids get deposited in our skin," explains Stephen. The spectrophotometer "flashes a light onto your skin and measures the color reflected back," says Stephen. The results are "a good indicator of how much fruits and vegetables we're eating," he says.
Stephen and his colleagues also had the men in the study compete food frequency questionnaires, so they could determine the men's overall patterns of eating. Then, men were given clean T-shirts and asked to do some exercise.
Afterwards, women in the study were asked to sniff the sweat. (Note: The methodology was much more scientific and precise than my breezy explanation, but you get the picture!) "We asked the women to rate how much they liked it, how floral, how fruity," and a bunch of other descriptors, explains Stephen.
It's a small study, but the results were pretty consistent. "Women basically found that men who ate more vegetables smelled nicer," Stephen told us.
Men who ate a lot of meat did not produce a sweat that was any more — or less — attractive to women. But meat did tend to make men's odor more intense.
"This is not the first study to show that diet influences body odor," says George Preti, an adjunct professor in the dermatology department at the University of Pennsylvania and a member of the Monell Chemical Senses Center in Philadelphia.
A study published in 2006 found that women preferred the odor of men who ate a non-meat diet, "characterized by increased intakes of eggs, cheese, soy, fruit and vegetables."
But Preti points out that the relationship between diet and body odor is indirect.
Some people think if they eat a garlic or onion — or a piece of meat — they will smell like that food. "But that's not what happens," Preti says. Your breath might smell like the food you eat, but not your sweat.
Body odor is created when the bacteria on our skin metabolize the compounds that come out of our sweat glands.
"The sweat doesn't come out smelly," Preti explains, "It must be metabolized by the bacteria that live on the surface of the skin."
Now, of course, at a time when good hygiene and deodorant use are commonplace, is the smell of our sweat a big concern?
I put that question to the happy-hour crowd at a bar down the street from the NPR headquarters in Washington, D.C.
"I'm pretty OK with my smell," Stefan Ruffini told me. That evening he was ordering a burger on a bun and a side of fries, along with a beer. When I told him about the findings of the study, he laughed it off.
"I've got a girlfriend, so I don't worry about these things!"he said.
The study did not assess diet and odor attractiveness among same-sex couples.
"As a lesbian, I haven't smelled a man in several years," Stacy Carroll, who was also at happy hour, told me. "I eat a lot of produce, I have a girlfriend, so it's working out!"
Carroll says people who eat a lot of fruits and vegetables are more likely to be interested in their health --"feeling good, looking fit" — than their smell.
John C. Lawrence, CEO of the United States Antimony Corporation (Ticker: UAMY) Explains the Upside
John C. Lawrence is the Founder and CEO of the United States Antimony Corporation, eastablished in 1969. He mined antimony underground from 23 drifts at Thompson Falls, Montana, built and operated a flotation mill to process antimony ore, and he also built and operated an antimony leach plant, reactor, and electrowinning circuit proprietary furnace systems to produce antimony metal, sodium antimonite and antimony oxide, and remove impurities such as arsenic, lead, bismuth, silver and gold. He is also responsible for smelted ore from China, Mexico, Europe, Bolivia, Peru, Alaska, Canada, Honduras, Guatemala, Australia and the United States. This is the only significant antimony plant left in the United States. Mr. Lawrence holds a B.A. in geology and mineralogy from Hamilton College and a Master of Arts in geology and mineralogy from the University of Wyoming.
In this exclusive interview with the Wall Street Transcript, John Lawrence details the strategic vision for United States Antimony. “The problem is that the world reserves are being depleted. China, which normally would mine 100% of their smelter feed, is importing 40% of their feed at the present time. The consolidated Murchison mine in South Africa was shut down a couple years ago. The strong Bolivian production is a fraction of what it used to be when Bolivia dominated the world production of antimony. Australia is losing production. And the Beaver Brook Mine in Newfoundland is shut down. So we have increasing demand with a diminishing reserve. In fact, we're in a position right now that we've sold everything that we can produce. And the demand is very strong. ”
There are other minerals besides antimony in the future product mix. “So currently, we have 30,000 tons stockpiled that has been mined. It's primarily gold, and then second in value would be silver, and third would be antimony. And we are ready to start milling that rock and look forward to mining vigorously. We are not sure at this point, but we are thinking that it will be at least a 500-ton mill.”
To learn more about the future value of this Antimony miner, read the entire interview in the Wall Street Transcript.
Internet TV is getting more expensive, again.Netflix tests 'Ultra' tier that could add a higher-price option
With Netflix adding new original content at a breakneck pace, it only makes sense that another price adjustment is around the corner. The company confirmed tests of an Ultra tier that some European users have seen offered. Nothing's set in stone, yet, but right now the 16.99 Euro option allows for 4K, HDR and up to four streams at once. That means some of those features are pulled from the current lower-priced standard and Premium plans. If this rolls out widely, we'll have to wait and see if existing users who enjoy simultaneous streams and HDR at current rates get grandfathered in.
Paying for premium was supposed to get rid of ads.Spotify users push back after Drake's weekend 'take over'
Last week, Drake smashed the single-day record for total number of album streams on Spotify with the release of his new record Scorpion, but the artist had some help in making that happen. Spotify placed Drake prominently on its playlists, effectively allowing the artist to take over the music service at the weekend. Some premium subscribers went so far as to demand refunds from Spotify for the service's placement of advertisements on accounts that are supposed to be ad-free.
Can't get hacked if you leak the movie yourself.Sony posted a whole movie to YouTube instead of the trailer
Instead of going straight to DVD, Sony's Khali the Killer movie went straight to YouTube in a post that was supposed to only hold a trailer.
More than one million deals.Amazon's biggest Prime Day sale starts on July 16th
Why wait for Black Friday? Amazon's transparent mid-year attempt to boost sales is scheduled for July 16th, promising a day and a half of deep discounts that are (possibly) too good to resist. Prime Day kicks off around the world (and for the first time in Australia, Singapore, Netherlands and Luxembourg) on July 16th at 3 PM ET.
Ryo Hazuki's revenge story is back.'Shenmue' returns August 21st
With the third chapter in the Shenmue saga delayed yet again until 2019, fans (and newcomers) can keep themselves busy in the meantime with the first two games on their fancy modern consoles and PCs. Sega will release PS4, Xbox One and PS4 versions of the titles on August 21st and dropped off a new trailer for the remastered games just to whet our appetites.
Plus our first look at Android Wear.This day in Engadget history: Blockbuster Video tanks in a big way
Eight years ago, good ol' Blockbuster Video hit a new low: Shares of the once-great video store rental chain were trading at 18 cents, and, as a result, it was delisted from the New York Stock Exchange
But wait, there's more...
The Morning After is a new daily newsletter from Engadget designed to help you fight off FOMO. Who knows what you'll miss if you don't Subscribe.
Craving even more? Like us on Facebook or Follow us on Twitter.
Have a suggestion on how we can improve The Morning After? Send us a note.
Stocks tumbled on Monday, dragged down by shares of technology companies, which until recently had propelled the nine-year bull market ever higher.
Facebook was at the heart of the sell-off. Its shares closed down 6.8 percent after news emerged over the weekend that a political data firm with links to President Trump's 2016 campaign had harvested private information from more than 50 million Facebook profiles.
The news reports could open the door to greater government scrutiny and potential regulation of the technology sector. Already, government officials in the United States, Europe and elsewhere have been demanding tougher oversight of the world's largest tech companies. That, in turn, could erode the industry's profits and potentially force some companies to adjust their business models.
Facebook's decline on Monday was the stock's worst single-day fall since 2014, and it weighed on the other tech giants. Google's parent company, Alphabet, fell more than 3 percent. Amazon and Microsoft dropped more than 1.7 percent. And Apple, the largest American company by market capitalization, sank 1.5 percent.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
The falling tech stocks pulled down the overall market, with the Standard & Poor's 500 index down 1.4 percent. The tech-heavy Nasdaq Composite index fell 1.8 percent.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
The turbulence in the tech industry adds to the recent market turmoil. After more than a year of extraordinary calm in the stock markets, equities have been on a roller coaster since February. The volatility has been driven in large part by fears that inflation might bubble up and prompt the central banks to hike interest rates faster than expected.
Since the start of the current bull market in March 2009, technology companies have delivered total returns — including the appreciation in their share prices and the dividends they have paid — of more than 570 percent, far outpacing the broader market. In 2009, the tech sector made up 17.5 percent of the S. & P. 500. Today, that figure is more than 25 percent, meaning that a swing in tech stocks has a big effect on the broader market.
Gbajabiamila gives conditions for passage of 2017 budget
By Olasunkanmi Akoni & Monsur Olowoopejo
Lagos—The Majority Leader in the House of Representatives, Femi Gbajabiamila, yesterday said that the nation's lawmakers would work towards the speedy passage of the 2017 budget, but would not sacrifice thoroughness in doing so.
Gbajabiamila spoke with newsmen in Lagos on the occasion of his constituency's celebration of the New Year baby at the Maternal and Child Care Hospital, Surulere.
He also donated gift items to children with health challenges at the Heart of Gold Children's Hospice, also in Surulere, to mark the New Year.
The lawmaker said that though the budget was presented late, efforts would be put in place to pass it promptly.
Gbajabiamila said: “It's unfortunate that the budget was presented late.
“I have always been an advocate that budget be presented in September or first week in October as done in advanced democracy.
“You don't present the budget late in December and expect quick passage.
“The financial year ought to start by December 31 or January 1.
“We cannot sacrifice thoroughness and good work on the altar of time.
“We still need to do our work. We will ensure we fast track the passage in the shortest possible time.
“When we go back to the House, we will double and triple all efforts and make sure that this budget is passed on time.”
Gbajabiamila said that hopefully, the budget would revive the country's economy and make life better for Nigerians.
He said: “The good thing is that the budget year has been extended to March and there are safeguards in the constitution that provide that when the budget has not been passed during a certain period, there are certain things that can be done to keep the government running.
“But the budget will be passed soon and like it has been tagged ‘Budget of Recovery and Growth', hopefully, that is what we will see in 2017.”
President Muhammadu Buhari on December 14, 2016 in Abuja presented a budget proposal of N7.30 trillion for 2017 before a joint session of the National Assembly.
The post Gbajabiamila gives conditions for passage of 2017 budget appeared first on Vanguard News.
This post was syndicated from Vanguard News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Photo
MINNEAPOLIS — The hard-hitting linebackers Ray Lewis and Brian Urlacher and the big-play receiver Randy Moss each made the Pro Football Hall of Fame on his first try, while the receiver Terrell Owens got in on his third time on the ballot.
Safety Brian Dawkins, in his second year of eligibility, also was chosen by the 47 Hall of Fame voters on Saturday.
Those five were the modern-day player selections in an eight-person class that also included the executive Bobby Beathard and two nominees chosen by the Seniors Committee, the former Green Bay Packers lineman Jerry Kramer and the former Houston Oilers linebacker Robert Brazile.
Lewis and Urlacher helped define the middle linebacker position in their era. Lewis won two Associated Press Defensive Player of the Year awards and one Super Bowl Most Valuable Player Award for the Baltimore Ravens, and Urlacher won a Defensive Player of the Year award, too.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Moss and Owens were two of the most dynamic receivers of their time, but also lightning rods because of a periodic inability to get along well with teammates and coaches. Each played for five teams in his career. Moss, who is fourth in career N.F.L. receiving yards, became the first receiver since Jerry Rice to be chosen for the Hall on his first ballot appearance.
Owens finished No. 2 in career receiving yards — behind Rice, who was an Owens teammate with the San Francisco 49ers. His wait to be elected to the Hall stirred up concerns that he was being unfairly penalized for personality squabbles and extravagant touchdown celebrations.
The “Thank You Notes” penned on “The Tonight Show” Wednesday were something special.
One by one, the female writers of the late-night program ― including Caroline Eppright, Becky Kraus, Albertina Rizzo and Jo Firestone ― took the chair usually occupied by host Jimmy Fallon to write words of gratitude to guest (and former Democratic presidential candidate) Hillary Clinton.
The thank-you notes were heartfelt, emotional and often hilarious, and Clinton reacted to them with glee and gratitude.
View photos
View photos
A tearful Miley Cyrus, in the midst of a week-long residency at the show, also made an appearance to pen a thank-you note of her own.
I got my hug!!!! @hillaryclinton today was one I will never forget ...You're endlessly inspiring , & I hope you know how loved / appreciated pic.twitter.com/YxA9V9t3Jy — Miley Ray Cyrus (@MileyCyrus) October 5, 2017
Clinton, who spoke to Fallon about the need for gun control during her appearance, also shared some words of thanks for the women of America.
Watch the entire segment in the video above.
The U.S. Federal Reserve has upped the ante on the federal funds rate for a second time within half a year and moved the upper benchmark by 0.25 points to a 1 to 1.25 percent target area. A two-day policy meeting by the Federal Open Market Committee ended on Wednesday.
In March, the Fed had already moved the benchmark up 0.25 points to between 0.75 and 1 percent. It was only the third hike since Fed chair Janet Yellen had ended the flatline interest rate policy that followed the severe financial crisis which broke out 10 years ago.
Following the outbreak of the crisis in 2007 the federal funds rate swirled downwards from 5.25 percent in August 2007 to 0.25 percent in December 2008, in order to stimulate the markets after the ferocious crash. There it stood for 7 meager years while the economy recovered slowly.
In December 2015, after Yellen had been in office for two years, the first tentative steps were taken to tighten the money tap just a little. In fact, the Fed doesn't set one figure but proposes a margin of 0.25 percentage points (e.g. 1 to 1.25) in which the effective funds rate floats on a day-to-day basis.
You will find more statistics at Statista
Lamborghini Hops on the Supercar SUV Bandwagon
Supercar makers have long known that parked next to that snarling Lamborghini, racing-red Ferrari, or stately Bentley at some of the globe's toniest addresses is a practical SUV. With the sport utility vehicle market growing by leaps and bounds, they increasingly want in on those profits.
Lamborghini unveils the once-improbable Urus SUV on Monday at its headquarters in Sant'Agata, Italy, where the supercar maker owned by the Volkswagen group is expanding the factory to meet utility vehicle demand. The Urus enters a luxury field crowded with the Mercedes G-Class, the Bentley Bentayga and the trailblazing Porsche Cayenne -- and soon to be joined by Aston Martin, Rolls-Royce and, in all probability, Ferrari.
Analysts say that the move into SUVs has become a natural fit for most brands, even supercar makers like Lamborghini, despite the risk of alienating aficionados.
"I think if you look at those brands' image, I think you would look at an SUV -- especially a Lamborghini -- as almost a sell-out move. I don't think that is the case anymore," Jeff Schuster, senior vice president at LMC Automotive in Detroit. "There is some risk to the purist, who can only see one view of the brand. But as long as they don't move too far out of who they are, a lineup can include an SUV in these brands. I wouldn't have said that five years ago."
From bring nonexistent in 2006, high-end SUVs have more than quadrupled in sales since 2010, from 4,700 units to almost 21,000 units in 2016, driven by the Mercedes G-Class and Bentley Bentayga, according to IHS Automotive. The entry of the Urus along with the planned Aston Martin DBX and Rolls-Royce "High Side Vehicle" is expected to push those numbers up to 29,300 by 2020. Even Ferrari is considering entering the category, with a decision expected early next year, which could leave McLaren as the only hold-out among supercars.
Luxury SUVS are merely following the mass-market trend. SUVs are the fastest-growing overall segment of the market, tripling in sales in a decade from just under 8 million units in 2006 to nearly 26.5 million units last year. SUV sales are forecast by IHS Automotive to grow by another 28 percent to over 34 million units by 2020.
Before having a true luxury option, IHS automotive analyst Ian Fletcher said, many SUV owners went to private modifiers and tuners to increase performance and add luxury swag to their off-the-line mass-market vehicle. "A lot of manufacturers said, 'Oh, we can have a piece of that,'" Fletcher said.
Porsche proved the market with the Cayenne, and was followed by the Mercedes G-Class, "which went from being utilitarian to being something synonymous with the Kardashians," he said.
The decision to enter the SUV market was a no-brainer for Lamborghini, which as part of the VW group shares luxury SUV platforms with the Bentley Bentayga and the Audi Q7, bringing down development costs and increasing profit margins.
"The Urus looks like it will be far more rakish than the SUV range that the VW group has, and far more dynamic," Fletcher said. Trailers of the Urus show the vehicle spinning around the desert, an obvious fob to Middle Eastern brand enthusiasts, but could also appeal to buyers in Africa and Russia, where road conditions in some areas may have discouraged buyers from indulging in the lower-slung sportscars.
"They are aiming to have a vehicle which epitomizes what the brand's core characteristics are: sport, high performance and accessible to customers who had to give up a sports car because they are having children, or just couldn't get into a sports car any more or it wasn't practical," Fletcher said. "It broadens the brand to a wider group."
IHS forecasts Urus sales of 2,900 a year to a peak in 2019-2020, putting it on par with the Lamborghini Huracan. And as with cars in the super luxury segment, the profit margins can be astronomical.
In the United States, SUVS are reshaping the luxury market, outpacing car sales and reaching a new audience, with the appeal strongest in trend-setting cities like Los Angeles, Miami and New York.
"I think car companies want to keep the brand pure, but they cannot ignore the market right now," said Jessica Caldwell, senior analyst at Edmunds. "They are in the business to make money and I think that is why they are going this route."
© 2017 Associated Press under contract with NewsEdge/Acquire Media. All rights reserved.
Image credit: Lamborghini.
Read more on: Automotive, Alphabet, Waymo, Uber, Lamborghini, Mercede
May Interest You:
New cars come equipped with safety systems. But how about all the other cars that are more than a year old? No worries... There are plenty of car safety features that are available, affordably, for ALL cars, not just new ones. See products that are available for YOUR car at: Make My Car Safe, the premium online seller of car safety products for ALL cars.
CHARLOTTESVILLE, Va. (AP) – A judge has denied bond for an Ohio man accused of plowing his car into a crowd at a white nationalist rally.
Judge Robert Downer said during a bond hearing Monday he would appoint a lawyer for James Alex Fields Jr.
Fields is charged with second-degree murder and other counts after authorities say he drove into the crowd, fatally injuring one woman and hurting 19 others.
The rally was held by white nationalists and others who oppose a plan to remove from a Charlottesville park of a statue of Confederate Gen. Robert E. Lee.
Fields has been in custody since Saturday.
A high school teacher said Fields was fascinated with Nazism, idolized Adolf Hitler and had been singled out by school officials in the 9th grade for his “deeply held, radical” convictions on race.
___
9:45 a.m.
A group that hosts a ceremony every year to re-dedicate an Atlanta monument depicting a Confederate soldier vows that it will be repaired after protesters spray-painted it and broke a chunk from it.
John Green, past commandant of the Old Guard of the Gate City Guard, said Monday it appears his group must now raise money to repair the 105-year-old statue damaged during a Sunday protest after the deadly weekend violence in Virginia.
City officials haven't commented on any plans for repairs or whether city funds would be used for that.
Green said removing the statue from Piedmont Park, a city park, is not an option.
He said the angel standing over the soldier represents peace, and it was created to help bring the nation back together after the Civil War.
___
7:40 a.m.
A prominent white nationalist website that promoted a Virginia rally that ended in deadly violence Saturday is losing its internet domain host.
GoDaddy tweeted late Sunday night that it has given the Daily Stormer 24 hours to move its domain to another provider because the site has violated GoDaddy's terms of service.
GoDaddy spokesman Dan Race tells the New York Daily News that the Daily Stormer violated its terms of service by labeling a woman killed in an attack at the event in Charlottesville “fat” and “childless.” Heather Heyer was killed Saturday when police say a man plowed his car into a group of demonstrators protesting the white nationalist rally.
Shortly after GoDaddy tweeted its decision, the site posted an article claiming it had been hacked and would be shut down.
___
7:25 a.m.
Protesters spray-painted and broke a chunk off a statue depicting a Confederate soldier at an Atlanta park after they marched through the city to protest the weekend violence in Charlottesville, Virginia.
The Atlanta Journal-Constitution reports that a lone policeman at Piedmont Park on Sunday night was surrounded by black-clad protesters shouting “pig” as demonstrators used chains to try and destroy the Peace Monument.
The statue depicts a winged angel standing over a Confederate soldier.
Video from local news outlets showed red spray paint covering much of the monument following the demonstration.
The Atlanta protest was among several around the nation over the weekend that were organized after a chaotic white supremacist rally in Virginia ended with deadly violence.
___
7:25 a.m.
The German government is condemning the white nationalist rally in Virginia that turned violent Saturday, expressing solidarity with peaceful counter-protesters.
Chancellor Angela Merkel's spokesman Steffen Seibert told reporters Monday that it was an “absolutely repulsive scene at this extreme-right march.”
He said “there was outrageous racism, anti-Semitism and hate in its most despicable form to be seen, and whenever it comes to such speech or such images it is repugnant.”
He added that it's “completely contrary to what the chancellor and the German government works for politically, and we are in solidarity with those who stand peacefully against such aggressive extreme-right opinions.”
Seibert says Merkel also regrets the death of a counter-protester and sent her sympathies to those injured.
___
3 a.m.
An Ohio man accused of plowing his car into counter-protesters at a white nationalist rally in Virginia is set to make his first court appearance.
Col. Martin Kumer, superintendent at the Albemarle-Charlottesville Regional Jail, says 20-year-old James Alex Fields Jr. has a bond hearing Monday morning.
Fields is charged with second-degree murder and other counts after authorities say he drove into the crowd, fatally injuring one woman and hurting 19 others.
Fields has been in custody since Saturday. Jail officials told The Associated Press they don't know if he's obtained an attorney.
A high school teacher said Fields was fascinated with Nazism, idolized Adolf Hitler and had been singled out by school officials in the 9th grade for his “deeply held, radical” convictions on race.
(Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.)
Here is a look at our Tails and Paws for Friday, October 6, 2017.
If you are interested in any of the animals that you see in the video, you can pay the animals at shelter a visit or give them a call for more information.
Washington County – Johnson City Animal Shelter
3411 N.Roan Street, Johnson City, TN 37601
Phone: 926-8769
Washington County – Johnson City Animal Shelter
Or you can pay a visit to the animal shelter closest to you.
Transcript for Police looking for person of interest who allegedly shot down officer after car chase
hour, the urgent manhunt for the killer of a sheriff'sut in Tenn authorities say deputy Daniel bake a his father, was responding a report of a suspicious vehicle. He was then St a Kil confronting the suspect. Tonit, police now identifying the AEG gunman asve Wiggins. They are warning he armed and dangers. And ABC's Alex Perez with news coming I the searconight. Reporter: An inmanhunt. Just outside Nashville tht. Inveators urgently going door-to-door, looking for a suspect say gunned a deputy sheriff trying to pull him over onthat wouldder a deputy sheriff protecting our community a threat to anyone. Reporter: Teal unfolding about 7:00s morning inkson county, Tennessee. Nashville all units. Prepare to copy on a bolo." Reporter: Authorities say ea Daniel batried to pull Steven wiov for an expired tag. Wiggins then allegedly leading Ker on a chase ended with a shootout. Investigatoren say baker's radio went silent. Using gps, they later tracke down hisicle finding his bodyinside. According to a police report, wiggwas wanted F assault and theft after policeesponded a domestic call Tuesday and were told he slappwoman, put a gun to her head threatened to kill her if she polices. Later, sing her car. As autties work to zero in Wiggins, sergeant baker's colleagues tonight are praying for justice. T my prayero god T our court will be a ter him on the --N the phment he receives. And Perez with us now. Dalex, we know the veter sheriff's deputy was beloved by S colleagues there. Reporter: Ah,david. They are artbroken. He was ten-year veteran of the force. Eaves behind his wife and a young daughter. Law enforc across Tennessee tonight search for that suspect, who is believed T armed dangerous. David? Ex Perez tonight. Al thank you.
This transcript has been automatically generated and may not be 100% accurate.
Adult Swim
Season three of Rick and Morty has changed up the formula a bit, dealing primarily with the fallout of Beth and Jerry's divorce, and the repercussions it's had for the rest of the family, from Summer and Morty getting their blood-lust on or Rick turning himself into a pickle to avoid family therapy. This makes the fourth episode, “Vindicators 3: The Return of Worldender,” feel like a bottle episode in that it's just Rick and Morty going on an adventure like in the old days, only without any subplots or side stories. (Beth and Summer only make a brief appearance at the end of the episode.)
Of course, since this was a Morty-dictated adventure (he has a punch card now!) obviously things were destined to go awry — or, more awry than usual, since their adventures rarely end of a smooth note. After answering a literal call to adventure, Rick and Morty come to the aide of the Vindicators, an Avengers/Guardians of the Galaxy-esque team of aliens and mutants who assemble to save the galaxy from peril. If the Vindicators were the stars of a successful, top-grossing movie franchise, this episode would have been the third film. It's only the second involving Rick and Morty, however, due to “personality conflicts” that left them out of a previous installment.
Morty is naturally in awe of the wholesome-seeming superheroes — including the leader, a female alien named Supernova (Gillian Jacobs); A Million Ants and Crocubot, who are exactly what their names would have you think; Alan Rails (Lance Reddick, The Wire), a guy who has the power of summoning ghost trains; and Vance Maximus, Renegade Star Soldier (Christian Slater), the token “life of the party” alpha male — while Rick regards them with a mix of skepticism, contempt, and jealously. As Supernova explains, the perfectly named clichéd villain “Worldender” has returned to wreak havoc, and after having lost a few team members on their second mission, they've begrudgingly allowed Rick and Morty back into the fold.
When the team arrives at Worldender's hideout however, they find that he and all of his minions have already been taken out by Rick himself during a blackout binge drinking session in which he set up an elaborate Saw-themed series of booby traps designed to show the true colors of the Vindicators. This is confirmed when Morty asks point blank, “Rick, is this a Saw thing? Are you seriously Saw-ing the Vindicators?” and Rick responds,”Morty I'm a drunk, not a hack,” a moment before his past, drunken self appears on screen to declare, “You break the rules. Lose the game or try to leave, you will die. Like in … Saw.” The team quickly learns that Rick's game is indeed a real threat when Vance Maximus gets literally sawed in half trying to escape (R.I.P. Vance Maximus).
#BBNaija: Cee-C writes a short post of gratitude to her supporters
Cee-C has sent out another appreciation message to Nigerians, thanking them for standing by her and supporting her all through her stay in the game.
She became the last woman standing at this year's edition of Big Brother Naija.
She shared numerous photos of herself & supporters and used the opportunity to thank fans for their love and votes.
She wrote:
The reaction on my face is everything !!! This is how you all mean To me … i am speechless Wow I didn't expect this so much Love … God bless you Richly , May your Pockets be filled with blessings, as you have been a blessing to me so shall he shower you with blessings Amen ! TEAM CEEC ROCKS #ceecshomecoming #ceec #teamceec
The Love has been overwhelming I am still in shock … thank you for Love !! I Have the Best Fans in the world , I am so humbled can't wait to meet everyone thank you !! #CeecsHomecoming #thankful #ceec #teamceec
Leave a Comment…
comments
The post #BBNaija: Cee-C writes a short post of gratitude to her supporters appeared first on INFORMATION NIGERIA.
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from INFORMATION NIGERIA. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
KNOXVILLE, Tenn. — Tennessee coach Jeremy Pruitt says linebacker Darrin Kirkland Jr. has changed his mind and will be staying with the Volunteers.
Kirkland shared on social media last week that he was leaving Tennessee after graduating with two years of eligibility remaining.
But Pruitt told reporters Tuesday at the Southeastern Conference meetings in Destin, Florida, that he met Kirkland over the weekend with the linebacker now excited to stay at Tennessee.
Kirkland made 10 starts and had 66 tackles as a freshman in 2015, but injuries limited him in 2016 and prevented him from playing at all last year. He made six starts and had 45 tackles in 2016 but missed five games with a high ankle sprain. He sat out the entire 2017 season with a knee injury.
The Stratford High School Girls Summer Basketball League played five games at the Birdseye Recreation Center on Thursday.
Stratford defeated Oxford 56-38, Masuk defeated Seymour 32-23, St. Joseph defeated Ansonia 36-24, Harding defeated Shelton 34-31 and Kolbe defeated Greens Farms Academy 54-36.
Games are scheduled on the hour from 5 to 9 p.m every Thursday.
Admission is $3 for adults, $1 for seniors and children under 12.
Here's the schedule for week nine: Harding vs Seymour, Stratford vs Masuk, St Joseph vs Greens Farms Academy, Oxford vs Kolbe and Shelton vs Ansonia.
RUSSELL, Man. — The pilot of a crop duster is being treated in hospital for minor injuries after the plane crashed into a swamp in southwestern Manitoba.
RCMP says the small plane was trying to land at Russell Airport when it encountered strong winds.
The pilot lost control and the plane went off the runway, flipping upside down in a swampy area.
The 53-year-old man at the controls suffered minor injuries but remains in hospital.
He was the only person in the sprayer plane.
The Transportation Safety Board has been notified of the crash.
The 2019 model year marks the start of a new cycle for some of America's top trucks, led by redesigned pickups from Chevrolet and Ram. Ford's top-selling F-150 had updates in 2018, and more may be in the offing for 2019. Typically, Japanese truckmakers Nissan and Toyota aren't far behind with their own updates. Edmunds breaks down what you need to know about today's crop of full-size pickups.
2019 CHEVROLET SILVERADO
Arriving at dealers in the fall, the 2019 Chevrolet Silverado features a ground-up redesign that results in a longer, lighter pickup. Weight savings of around 450 pounds should pay dividends for fuel economy and acceleration.
The new Silverado offers a taller driving position and more room in crew-cab models. It also has the largest cargo box in its class and a power-lowering and -raising tailgate that's exclusive to the class.
The Silverado offers a variety of engines: a V6 (285 horsepower), a V8 (355 horsepower), a larger and stronger V8 (420 horsepower), and a turbocharged four-cylinder (310 horsepower). A six-cylinder diesel arrives in early 2019.
The Silverado's mechanical twin, the GMC Sierra, is also new and goes on sale in the fall. The 2019 Sierra will offer a more upscale interior than the Chevy, along with other exclusive features such as a carbon-fiber cargo box and enhanced technology. The MSRP for a 2019 Silverado crew cab ranges from $34,600 to $53,000.
2018 FORD F-150
Perennially the top-selling vehicle in America, the F-150 reigns supreme among full-size trucks. Multiple trims and configurations, four engine options, and remarkable capabilities make the F-150 a benchmark. Engines include a new base-level 3.3-liter V6 (290 horsepower), along with two turbo V6 options (325 horsepower or 375 horsepower), a V8 (395 horsepower) and a new diesel V6 (250 horsepower).
With towing capacity of up to 13,200 pounds and up to 25 mpg combined city/highway fuel economy, there's not much the F-150 can't do. There's even the bonkers 450-horsepower Raptor edition that can traverse broad swaths of off-road terrain without breaking a sweat. The MSRP for a 2018 F-150 crew cab ranges from $34,245 to $60,850. The 2019 F-150 is expected to be released later this summer.
2018 NISSAN TITAN
Built in Mississippi, the Titan is nearly as American as its domestic rivals despite its Japanese origins. The current Titan was redesigned for 2017 with a bold new look and a new XD model that splits the difference between the capabilities of regular half-ton and heavy-duty pickups. The Titan offers a single 390-horsepower V8 engine and can tow up to 9,740 pounds. The XD version comes with the same V8 or an optional diesel V8 that helps the truck tow up to 12,640 pounds.
The Titan's not our first choice among full-size pickups, but it's roomy and comfortable and it delivers legitimate capability at an attractive price. The MSRP for a 2018 Nissan Titan crew cab ranges from $35,930 to $56,800. The 2019 Nissan Titan arrives this fall.
2019 RAM 1500
Ram shook up the truck world a decade ago with a new rear suspension design that delivered sedan-like ride comfort without sacrificing capability. A refined, comfortable cabin and advanced tech features made its rivals look like archaic work trucks almost overnight. The rivals have since caught up, but the new Ram, thoroughly overhauled for 2019 and now on sale, continues to innovate.
A new frame and body design yield more room for rear passengers and reduce weight by about 200 pounds. The Ram's V8 engine (395 horsepower) returns with a revamped eight-speed transmission that makes more timely shifts. There's also a 3.6-liter V6 base engine that will be paired up with an electric-assist system for smoother power and acceleration and a maximum tow capacity of 12,750 pounds. Redesigned front seats, new technology features and an optional 12-inch infotainment display add to the Ram's winning streak of refinement. The MSRP for a 2019 Ram 1500 crew cab ranges from $34,495 to $56,495.
2018 TOYOTA TUNDRA
The Tundra has gone the longest of any in this group without a full redesign. It's still plenty capable, offering two V8 engines (310 horsepower and 381 horsepower), two body styles and three bed lengths. It can tow up to 10,200 pounds, carry a 1,730-pound payload and handle itself well off-road. The Tundra also is built in the U.S.
The aging Tundra could benefit from a diesel engine (increased towing strength), a smaller turbocharged V6 (better fuel economy) and a thorough technology update. Still, the Tundra has a charm for certain truck buyers. The MSRP for a 2018 Toyota Tundra crew cab ranges from $35,450 to $50,330. The 2019 model arrives in the fall.
EDMUNDS SAYS: With new designs from Chevrolet and Ram and further refinements to the venerable F-150, it's a great time for full-size truck shoppers. Most pickups offer similar capabilities, so look for such qualities as comfort and innovative technology to make a difference.
————
This story was provided to The Associated Press by the automotive website Edmunds. Dan Frio is a staff writer at Edmunds. Twitter: @danfrio; Instagram: danfrio
Related links:
— Video: 2019 Ram 1500 First Drive https://bit.ly/2N6jlxm
— Video: Diesel or Gas? Two F-150s Face Off https://bit.ly/2KteVid
— Video: 2019 Chevrolet Silverado Unveil https://bit.ly/2KgcIe0
— Truck Tech: A Look at the Coolest Newest Pickup Truck Technology https://edmu.in/2MtRupB
Smartwatch prototype uses laser projection to turn your arm into a touchscreen
Researchers at Carnegie Mellon have developed a prototype for a next-gen smartwatch that vastly increases its capacitive touch surface area by projecting a touchscreen onto a user's arm.
The post Smartwatch prototype uses laser projection to turn your arm into a touchscreen appeared first on Digital Trends.
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Digital Trends. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Russian Olympic Committee President Alexander Zhukov has praised the performances of the 19 athletes from his country who competed as neutrals at the International Association of Athletics Federations (IAAF) World Championships here.
Russians were forced to take part under the Authorised Neutral Athletes (ANA) banner because country has been banned from international competition by the IAAF since November 2015 following allegations of state-supported doping.
The team won a total of six medals to finish ninth in the overall medals table, finishing ahead of Germany, Australia and Jamaica.
Russian athletes actually won more medals competing as ANA than they did at the previous World Championships in Beijing two years ago when, under their own flag, they collected four.
Their medals total at London was made up of one gold and five silver.
The gold medal was won by Mariya Lasitskene in the high jump, successfully defending the title she won had won in Beijing in 2015 under her maiden name Kuchina.
"One gold and five silver medals," Zhukov told Russia's official state news agency TASS.
"Half of the team could count on medals."
Zhukov added: "Under such conditions, these are remarkable results."
"I believe that, if we take the overall psychological factor, the fact that we have not won medals at international competitions for a long time, that most of the athletes came without their coaches, and that does make an impact, they performed very well.
"I want to congratulate all our athletes."
Besides Lasitskene, other Russians to win medals at London included Danil Lysenko.
He won a silver medal during the final session last night in the men's high jump.
Other silver medals were won by Sergey Shubenkov in the 110 metres hurdles, Darya Klishina in the women's long jump, Valeriy Pronkin in the men's hammer throw and Sergei Shirokobokov in the men's 20 kilometres walk.
০ = 0, ১ = 1, ২ = 2, ৩ = 3, ৪ = 4, ৫ = 5, ৬ = 6, ৭ = 7, ৮ = 8, ৯ = 9
্ = See example (Hasant/Viram) ় = * (Nukta) ʼ = ' (Urdhacomma) ঽ = & (Avagrah) ৺ = ~ (Isshar) ৹ = a~ (Bengali ana sign) ৲ = Rs~ (Bengali Rupee sign) ৳ = T~ (Taka sign) । = | (Devanagari danda) ॥ = || (Devanagari double danda) ₹ = Rs (Indian Rupee sign) 卐 = +~ (Swastika sign) Zero Width Joiner = ^ Zero Width Non Joiner = ^^
These symbols will type Bengali characters first but if "~" will be followed, it will remove previously typed Bengali character and then type the symbol.
Symbols & ~ * : ^ | ' have special meaning. You can type this way & = &~ ~ = ~~ * = *~ : = :~ ^ = ^~ | = |~ ' = '~
The English symbols [ ] { } ( ) < > - + / = ; . , " ? ! % \ _ $ @ # translate into the same symbols.
Example নমস্কার can be written by typing "namaskaar"
As per Rule # 3, ligature will be rendered. ZWJ and ZWNJ characters are used to produce alternate rendering of ligature.
A consonant followed by ZWJ character will produce half-formed consonant character.
Example
প্রশ্ন = prashn
প্রশ্‍ন = prash^n
A consonant followed by ZWNJ character will produce dead consonant character.
Example
প্রশ্ন = prashn
প্রশ্‌ন = prash^^n
If two english characters are making one Bengali Vowel (i.e. ai, au), then
ZWJ character is used to separate them into two different vowels. It will not
add ZWJ character but only considered as the separator between two
vowels.
AUSTIN, Texas — The family of Texas basketball star Andrew Jones says he is making “positive strides” in his leukemia treatment.
The sophomore guard was diagnosed in January and is at the University of Texas MD Anderson Cancer Center in Houston.
The family says in a statement Saturday that Jones recently was able to get out of bed, a “huge difference” from when he was first diagnosed.
Jones considered going to NBA after his freshman season but returned to Texas. He was the team's leading scorer when sidelined for several games with a wrist fracture. He was diagnosed with leukemia after complaining of always feeling tired. His last game was Jan. 1 against Iowa State.
A fundraising website set up by the school to support Jones' family has raised more than $150,000.
A free-for-all involving hundreds of participants armed with pillows is set to take place this evening in San Francisco as part of an annual Valentine's Day tradition.The Great San Francisco Valentine's Day Pillow Fight will commence at 6 p.m. at Justin Herman Plaza, where crowds of strangers wukk playfully smack each other with pillows.Participants are expected to arrive at 5:50 p.m. at the plaza to take their positions.According to a flyer for the event, participants are being asked to only hit others armed with pillows, unless of course they ask to be hit.Organizers have also asked pillow-fighters to consider bringing synthetic pillows, since pillows containing feathers are less durable and create more of a mess.The San Francisco Department of Public Works, working with the city's Recreation and Park Department, is responsible for cleaning up the mess left by the unsanctioned event."Public works will have a crew to clean the feathery mess after the fight," DPW spokeswoman Rachel Gordon said.Crews will begin cleaning up at 9 p.m. and go into the overnight hours, if necessary. The crews will then return in the morning to check if more cleaning up is needed, according to Gordon.However, event goers are being encouraged to not ruffle any feathers and to try to clean up after themselves.Because it's Valentine's Day, "one thing we ask is for people to remember to love San Francisco and to not trash it," Gordon said.Cleanup costs for the event are normally as much as $5,000, according to Gordon.
NAPTIP advocates support for children in North-East
DIrecTor-GenerAl, National Agency for the Prohibition of Trafficking in Persons, NAPTIP, Julie Oka-Donli, has reiterated the need for Nigerians to speak out in support of children, especially those in the North-East who have suffered one form of deprivation or the other in the last few years. Oka-Donli, who disclosed this in Abuja at the 2017 […]
This post was syndicated from Nigerian Pilot: Nigerian Newspaper. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
It looks like a perfectly staged assassination, straight out of the pages of a spy novel: North Korean royalty Kim Jong Nam, the estranged, exiled half-brother of leader Kim Jong-un, falls ill at a Malaysian airport, complains of being sprayed with some sort of chemical, and drops dead.
But, as with many things about the alleged motives of cloistered North Korea, the unknowns currently far outweigh the certainties.
A look at what officials are trying to piece together as they work to reconstruct one of the most audacious, mysterious assassinations in recent Asian history:
———
WHY NOW?
This is the big one: Motive.
Kim Jong Nam, a jovial, overweight gambler and playboy, had embarrassed Pyongyang before — he tried to sneak into Tokyo Disney; he criticized his half-brother — but he's been generally seen more as an annoyance than an existential threat to North Korea's stability.
Why would Kim Jong-un go through the massive logistical trouble — and potential embarrassment — of staging the risky assassination of a blood relation on foreign soil?
Without elaborating, South Korea's spy service told lawmakers Wednesday that the North had been trying to kill Kim Jong Nam for five years. Spy officials offered a single, shaky motive for the death: Kim Jong-un's "paranoia" over his estranged brother.
But the South's National Intelligence Service has a long history of botching intelligence on North Korea and has long sought to portray the North's leadership as mentally unstable.
Some in Seoul wonder if Kim Jong-un might have become enraged when a South Korean newspaper reported last week that Kim Jong Nam tried to defect to the South in 2012. South Korea's spy service denied this, but it's still an open question: Could public speculation that a member of the exalted Kim dynasty wanted to flee to the hated South have pushed Kim Jong-un to order his brother's assassination?
———
WHY THE AIRPORT IN MALAYSIA?
There would seem to be easier, less public places to kill such a high-profile target.
A possible explanation might be found in another nugget provided by South Korea's spy agency: China had long protected Kim Jong Nam and his family in their home base of Macau. Analysts have seen Beijing as looking to Kim Jong Nam as a potential leader should North Korea's regime collapse.
With security, presumably overseen by China, tight in Macau, could there have been a security gap in Malaysia that offered North Korean assassins an opportunity they couldn't have gotten elsewhere?
———
WHO Is THE MYSTERY WOMEN?
The details of the attack itself are a tangled mess as of now.
Kim told medical workers that he'd been sprayed with a chemical, which brings to mind past attacks with poison-tipped pens linked to North Korean assassins.
South Korea's spy agency says two women believed to be North Korean agents attacked Kim. They then reportedly fled. Japanese media quoted the government in Tokyo as saying those women may now be dead. None of this has been confirmed yet.
Still, finding out who these women are and who hired them could go a long way to unlocking the mystery.
———
WHAT NEXT?
North Korea has said nothing officially about the death, but that's not unusual. The country's propaganda specialists are masters at reporting only details that lionize the Kim family as paragons of virtue. This clearly doesn't do that.
China may be angry at the killing of a close North Korean contact, so there could be some sort of reaction, possibly back-channel, from Beijing.
But a more concrete punishment could come from Washington.
Cheong Seong-Chang, a South Korean analyst, said the assassination might convince the U.S. Congress to relist North Korea as a state sponsor of terrorism, further isolating the already widely shunned country.
———
Associated Press writer Kim Tong-hyung in Seoul, South Korea, contributed to this report.
Slaughtneil begin Ulster defence 06 October 2017
Slaughtneil footballers and hurlers celebrate their Provincial wins Slaughtneil footballers and hurlers celebrate their Provincial wins
Having successfully defended their Derry senior hurling, football and camogie titles, Slaughtneil now turn their attention to the Ulster campaign starting with the club hurling championship.
Having defeated Banagher in the county final, Slaughtneil manager Mickey McShane now has the task of preparing his charges for an Ulster club SHC clash against Antrim champions Dunloy.
And McShane told the Derry Journal that the players are eager to keep their remarkable run going as they look to defend their provincial title on a number of fronts.
“The physical side is the easier bit. You can get guys to the ice bath and do recovery sessions in the pool. But these guys never go into a big game not looking forward to it,” said McShane.
“When it gets to this time of year, when these high profile games come and there's more at stake, these boys just love it. They seem to be able to get themselves up for games, there has never been a problem with that.”
'); StatBanner('btw', bl); } else { show_ntv_ads(wrapperElement, bl); } } } function mailru_ads(data, el) { if(data && data.length > 0) { var ban_location = $(el).attr("ntv-loc"); var bl = parseInt(ban_location); if(bl == 3 && typeof b240_callback !== 'undefined') { try { window[b240_callback](); } catch(e) {} } StatBanner('all', bl); } } if(_adsPreview == 1) { $(".mrg-tag").each(function(idx, value) { var el = $(this); var bl = parseInt(el.attr("ntv-loc")); //console.log("bl="+bl); var wrapperElement = this.parentNode; try{ wrapperElement.removeChild(this); } catch(e){} show_ntv_ads(wrapperElement, bl); }); } else { (MRGtag = window.MRGtag || []).push({ onNoAds:function(resp) { mailru_noAds(resp); }, onAdsLoaded: function(data, el){ mailru_ads(data, el); }, iframeMode: false }); } function StatBanner(type, place) { if (type == 'all') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_showed" }); } if (type == 'noAds') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_mailru_error" }); } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '1') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_top" }); try { reachGoal('banner_error_top'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '2') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_btm" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_error_btm'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '3') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_type3" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_error_type3'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '4') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_type4" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_error_type4'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'ntv') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_ntv_showed" }); } if (type == 'btw') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_btw_showed" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banners_btw_showed'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'nobtw') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_btw_error" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banners_btw_error'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '1') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_top" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_top'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '2') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_btm" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_btm'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '3') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type3" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_type3'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '4') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type4" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_type4'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '1') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_top_ntv" }); } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '2') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_btm_ntv" }); } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '3') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type3_ntv" }); } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '4') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type4_ntv" }); } } $(function() { var o = document.createElement('vid' + 'eo'); if(isFInst && (!o || !o.canPlayType || !o.canPlayType('video/mp4; codecs="avc1.640029, mp4a.40.2"'))) { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "html5_media_support" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('html5_media_support'); } catch (e) {} } }); // -->
American students lag behind many other industrialized countries in math and science. And now, some students are enrolling in after-school programs called “Russian math.”
It relies mainly on Russian teachers and methods to help American students from kindergarten to high school. It began in the Northeast, but is now spreading across the country — as far as San Diego, Seattle and San Jose. Carey Goldberg (@commonhealth) of Here & Now contributor WBUR reports.
BALTIMORE — Willie Rodriguez scored 22 points and Binghamton notched its sixth-straight win, beating Loyola (Maryland) 77-64 on Saturday afternoon.
Rodriguez was 9 of 13 from the floor for the Bearcats (7-4). J.C. Show added 17 points and Thomas Bruce led the team with nine rebounds in addition to his eight points.
Binghamton went ahead 12-10 on a Show 3-pointer early in the first half and never trailed after that on its way to a 36-21 advantage at intermission
A slow second-half start for the Bearcats allowed the Greyhounds (1-8) to close to 42-35 on an Isaiah Hart jumper with 15:25 to play. The Bearcats answered with 3-pointers by Rodriguez, Everson Davis and Fard Muhammad to help stretch it to 53-41 with 11:42 left and they led by double figures the rest of the way.
Chuck Champion scored 17 points with four assists to lead the Greyhounds, who have lost five straight and have yet to defeat a Division I team this season.
Warming-Driven Glacier Melt Leads to ‘River Piracy'
In the summer of 2016, the global warming-induced retreat of Kaskawulsh Glacier — one of the largest glaciers in Canada — altered the flow of its meltwater so substantially that it killed off one river and shunted its waters over to another, an abrupt geological act known as river piracy.
A stream flows through the toe of Kaskawulsh Glacier in Kluane National Park, Yukon. In 2016, this channel allowed the glacier's meltwater to drain in a different direction than normal, resulting in the Slims River water being rerouted to a different river system.
Click image to enlarge. Credit: Dan Shugar
A team of researchers is serendipitously on hand to document the upheaval, which likely marks a permanent change and could have substantial consequences for the ecology and surroundings of both waterways.
While river piracy, or stream capture, is known to have happened in the past because of swings in Earth's climate, most of those examples were from thousands of years ago. This instance is the first attributed to human-caused climate change.
“This is one of the first examples of this that I've actually read about that's been captured while it's been happening,” said Rachel Headley, a glacial geologist at the University of Wisconsin-Parkside, who wasn't involved with the work.
While much of the focus of studies on melting glaciers has been focused on their contributions to sea level rise, the new research, detailed Monday in the journal Nature Geoscience, shows that climate change can have unexpected impacts with potentially large consequences, the authors say.
‘Beheaded' River
Dan Shugar, a geomorphologist at the University of Washington Tacoma, and his colleagues set out last summer to continue research they had been doing in the delta of the northward-flowing Slims River, which is fed by meltwater from Kaskawulsh. But when they arrived in the remote area of the Yukon where the glacier is situated, they heard the river was unusually low.
The channel in the ice, with recently collapsed ice blocks, that now carries the vast majority of glacier-front water down the Kaskawulsh valley and into the Alsek River.
Click image to enlarge. Credit: Jim Best
Even with that warning, though, “we were pretty shocked to see just how low it was,” Shugar said. Driving by it, “you could see the water level dropping day by day.”
Since the team had already invested the time and money getting to the area, they decided to dig into the mystery and see “who flipped the switch, so to speak,” he said.
The team went to the toe of the glacier, where the ice ends, and used a drone and GPS equipment to map the topography of the area. Combining that with streamflow data and decades of satellite images, they were able to piece together “the story, the timeline of what happened here,” Shugar said.
That story begins about 300 years ago during the Little Ice Age, when colder global temperatures caused glaciers around the world to advance. Prior to that period, Kaskawulsh Glacier's meltwater had all flowed to the south, along what is now the Alsek River, because it was steeper and water will flow along the easiest path to the sea.
Images captured by the European Space Agency's Sentinel2 satellite in 2015 and 2016 show a dramatic drop in the Slims River's flow. The receding toe of Kaskawulsh Glacier is seen at the bottom. Kluane Lake can be seen at the top of the 2016 image. Water now flows east and then south via the Kaskawulsh River.
Click image to enlarge. Credit: European Space Agency
But as the glacier advanced, its tip “was like a giant foot that stood in the valley blocking that southerly route,” Shugar said, causing its meltwater to split into two flows. Some still flowed to the south and out to the Pacific Ocean, but a new northern route was created: now, the Slims River flowed into Kluane Lake and a river of the same name, which itself fed the Yukon River on its journey to the Bering Sea off the West Coast of Alaska.
Since the mid-1950s, though, Kaskawulsh has retreated some 2,150 feet and thinned considerably thanks to rising temperatures fueled by the increase of heat-trapping greenhouse gases in the Earth's atmosphere. That long-term retreat combined with unusually warm temperatures in the spring and summer of 2016 likely caused strong melting.
The resulting meltwater cut a channel in the ice that connected the headwaters of the northward-flowing Slims to the southerly drainage and gravity took over.
The formation of the channel “essentially beheaded the Slims River,” Shugar said.
Climate Change ‘Curve Balls'
With the Slims' flow greatly reduced, water levels in Kluane Lake dropped to 5.5 feet below their mid-summer average and 3 feet lower than they had ever been measured at that time of year.
The considerable drop in lake levels meant that access docks for cottages along the lake no longer reached the water, and the area's First Nations people reported impacts to their traditional fishing areas, Shugar said.
The change, which Shugar and his colleagues think is likely permanent — given the unlikeliness of the glacier re-advancing in a warming climate — could have considerable impacts on the ecology of Kluane Lake and the Slims and Alsek rivers.
The lake could eventually be drained to the point where it no longer empties out of its northern outlet and becomes a “closed basin,” changing its circulation and water chemistry and impacting its flora and fauna.
Sections of the newly exposed bed of Kluane Lake contain small pinnacles. Wind has eroded sediments with a harder layer on top that forms a protective cap as the wind erodes softer and sandier sediment below.
Click image to enlarge. Credit: Jim Best/University of Illinois
The Alsek River, meanwhile, will have to adjust to its larger flow. The river is a major whitewater rafting destination and guides reported that last summer “it was a really different river, much bigger than they'd seen,” Shugar said.
“It's just really interesting to see these types of impacts” driven by climate change, Headley said. They are ones that “I don't think are obvious to everyone” but could have major consequences, she said.
For now, Shugar and his colleagues are keeping an eye on the area and the changes that continue to build there.
It's possible that geologists could find other examples of current climate-driven river piracy, though Shugar thinks the situation is a fairly unique one. Headley, though, said there could potentially be other examples in this area of the Yukon and Alaska, as well as possibly in the Southern Alps of New Zealand or the Himalayas, where glacial melt is a key water source for millions of people.
Overall, though, the story of warming-caused river theft gives scientists another heads up “that climate change is happening and may throw some curveballs,” Shugar said.
You May Also Like:
New Posters Imagine National Parks in 2050; It's Not Pretty
March Was Second Hottest on Record Globally
NOAA Is Still Lacking an Administrator to Lead Agency
Early Heat Wave Bakes India, Sign of What's to Come
Benue Attack: Makurdi Catholic Diocese Confirms Killing Of Two Priests
The Catholic Diocese of Makurdi has confirmed the killing of two of its priests, Rev Fathers Joseph Gor and Felix Tyolaha, in an early hour attack on St Ignatius Quasi Parish, Ukpor, Mbalom in Gwer West Local Government Council of Benue. A statement by its Director of Communications, Rev Fr Moses Iorapuu, said that the […]
The post Benue Attack: Makurdi Catholic Diocese Confirms Killing Of Two Priests appeared first on The Herald Nigeria Newspaper.
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from The Herald Nigeria Newspaper. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Why Staff Promotion Exam Took Place In Abuja–DG
In reaction to the issues that trailed the conduct of the recent promotional exam for staff of the commission, Director General and Chief Executive Officer of the National Lottery Regulatory Commission (NLRC), Mr. Adulfus Joe Ekpe has said the commission was acting on a directive from the office of the Secretary to the Government of the Federation (SGF) that was given in December, nullifying its 2015 promotion exam on the basis of irregularities and ordered for conduct of a fresh one within the month.
This was as he said the management of the commission reserves the right to dictate the centre for the exercise.
Staff of the NLRC, especially those in the 15 state offices of the commission had raised the alarm over what they described as ill-treatment meted on them by the leadership of the commission in the last promotional exam that was held in Abuja on December 17, 2016.
Many of them who spoke with LEADERSHIP on condition of anonymity groaned over none payment of any form of allowance as transport or accommodation for the huge expenses made from their various states to Abuja to sit for the exam that was held between December 16 and 18 in spite of the fact that they have not been paid December salaries. The concern of some of the staff who said the exercise did not have human face twined around it is that apart from short notice, the exam ought to be held at regional levels to cut cost.
In an exclusive interview with LEADERSHIP, Mr. Ekpe said the management chose the option of bringing the over 1000 staffs from across the country to Abuja due to the exigency of time.
Asked why the management did not consider the option of mobilising the external supervisors numbering about nine to the various states to minimise expenses, Ekpe said it was much expensive to fund the cost of transporting the supervisors from office of the SGF, civil service commission and head of service to the various states.
This post was syndicated from Nigerian News from Leadership News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Photo
This article is part of the Opinion Today newsletter. You can sign up here to receive the newsletter each weekday.
Susan Collins, the Republican senator from Maine, hasn't had the greatest few days. She provided a crucial vote for the tax bill in exchange for some promises from her Republican colleagues that they now will likely not keep.
My column today looks at the mistake she made. Above all, I think she has defined centrism in relative terms rather than substantive terms. She is chasing President Trump and the Republican leadership in Congress even as they move far to the right.
The dilemma she faces is one that just about every centrist Republican will face at some point during the Trump era. I hope others learn from Collins's struggles. It's best to define centrism on substantive grounds, not merely political ones.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Sign Up for the Opinion Today Newsletter Every weekday, get thought-provoking commentary from Op-Ed columnists, the Times editorial board and contributing writers from around the world. Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
Here's my column.
Media critic in chief. Trump launched two new attacks on the media this weekend, specifically calling out CNN and a Washington Post reporter for errors. The best thing I read about these episodes was a series of tweets from David Frum, the Atlantic writer.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
And: “Never forget, though, that the media are not the protagonist in the drama. The protagonists are the officials engaged in the deception, headed by the president himself.”
PLAINVILLE, Mass. (AP) — Nearly 13,000 gamblers have signed up for a unique gambling addiction prevention effort being tested at Massachusetts' first casino.
According to a report submitted Wednesday to the Massachusetts Gaming Commission, the "Play My Way" program at Plainridge Park Casino has enrolled 12,670 players since its launch last June.
That's about 10 percent of eligible patrons at the Plainville slots parlor and harness racing track. Of those, 10,857 are still actively using the program, which allows players to voluntarily set a spending budget before they gamble.
The initiative is considered the first of its kind in the country. Similar systems have been tried in Australia, Canada, Norway, Sweden and elsewhere.
Harvard Medical School and Cambridge Health Alliance researchers are evaluating the program. They're expected to release their initial findings in August.
Standing in the dappled shade of a driveway hundreds of miles from Charlottesville, Va., Mark Heyer spoke of the violence that claimed his daughter's life — and, with voice occasionally quavering, called on people to answer hate with forgiveness.
"My daughter was a strong woman that had passionate opinions about the equality of everyone — and she tried to stand up for that," the Sharpes, Fla., resident told Florida Today in a videotaped interview. "With her, it wasn't lip service. It was real."
Just two days earlier, a driver rammed a car into a group of people protesting a white supremacist rally, killing Heyer's daughter Heather, 32, and wounding 19 other people. Federal authorities have opened a civil rights investigation into the attack, saying "such actions arise from racial bigotry and hatred."
The man allegedly behind the wheel, James Alex Fields Jr., had long harbored sympathies for Nazi ideas, according to a former teacher. Fields has been charged with one count of second-degree murder, three counts of malicious wounding and one count of hit-and-run.
But the hatred espoused by white supremacists and others in Charlottesville this weekend must not be met with a response that's "twisted into something negative" in its own right, Mark Heyer told the local newspaper.
"People need to stop hating, and they need to forgive each other. And I include myself in that, in forgiving the guy that did this," he said. "He doesn't know any better. You know, I just think of what the Lord said on the cross. Lord forgive him, they don't know what they're doing."
In this respect, he said he aspires to follow his daughter's example.
"You know, my daughter's life — she's ..." he paused, searching for words. "I'm proud of her for standing up. She had more courage than I did. She had more courage than I did. She had a stubborn backbone. She thought she was right. She would stand there and defy you.
"But if I understand her," he added, "she wanted to do it peacefully and with a fierceness of heart that comes with her conviction."
In interviews with multiple media outlets over the weekend, Heather's mother, Susan Bro, also praised the way her daughter balanced peaceful efforts with a "very strong sense of right and wrong."
"It was important to her to speak up for people that she felt were not being heard, to speak up when injustices were happening," Bro said, "and she saw in the lives of many of her African-American friends particularly and her gay friends that equal rights were not being given."
One day after the violent gathering that saw protesters and counterprotesters punching and kicking one another — and later saw Heather Heyer killed, along with two state troopers whose helicopter crashed — peaceful protests took shape in cities across the U.S. In Seattle and New York City, Atlanta and in Grand Rapids, Mich., demonstrators sought to respond to the message promulgated in Charlottesville and, in the words of one protester, "resist it fearlessly."
"I hope that her life and what has transpired changes people's hearts," Mark Heyer said. "You can fight all you want and fuss and cuss and do all that stuff, but when you take your last breath, it's over. It's done!
"You're going to take away what a person has and everything else they're going to have. There is no more — not here, you know," he added. "And that's — that's pretty much all I got, brother."
CFM International booked orders for 2,677 engines in 2016, a 25.4% increase over 2,135 engines ordered in 2015.
Total value for CFM's 2016 orders neared $36 billion at list prices, a 33.3% rise over 2015.
In 2016, CFM reported orders for 1,801 LEAP engines, including commitments and spares, up 28.7% from 1,399 orders of the engine type in 2015. Orders for CFM56 engines from commercial, military and spare parts customers totaled 876, up 19% from 2015.
“One of the most amazing things we saw [in 2016] was the continued strength of CFM56 orders.” CFM International president and CEO Gaël Méheust said. “We actually received 140 more CFM56 engine orders in 2016 than we had in 2015.”
The Ohio-based manufacturer said it produced 1,665 CFM56 engines and 77 LEAP engines in 2016, with the LEAP-1A making its entry into commercial service on an A320neo with Turkey's Pegasus Airlines in August 2016.
CFM's LEAP-1A is an engine option for Airbus A320neo family aircraft; the LEAP-1B is the sole engine behind Boeing's 737 MAX aircraft; and the LEAP-1C is the sole Western engine for the COMAC C919.
The company began transitioning to LEAP engine production in 2016, aiming for full transition by 2020 with an annual production rate of over 2,000 engines. CFM plans to continue building CFM56 spare engines to support the in-service fleet and will produce spare parts for the program until around 2045, the manufacturer said.
To date, CFM is reporting more than 12,200 LEAP engine orders and commitments (excluding options), valued at over $170 billion at list prices.
CFM's customers in 2016 included AirAsia, Spanish carrier Air Europa, Las Vegas-based Allegiant Airlines, Asiana Airlines, Irish lessor AWAS, China's CDB Leasing, China Aircraft Leasing Co. (CALC), US-based Delta Air Lines, Malaysia Airlines, China's Qingdao Airlines, Irish lessor SMBC Aviation Capital, Standard Chartered Bank, TAP Portugal, Indonesian lessor Transportation Partners, VietJet Air and Icelandic budget carrier WOW Air.
Mark Nensel mark.nensel@penton.com
JPMorgan spokesperson Mary Jane Rogers said the bank has decided to impose a restriction on crypto purchases, because it doesn't want to deal with the risks associated with it. In addition to the difficulties of keeping an eye on purchases -- something they're required to do -- associated with crypto-coins, there's also always the risk of somebody buying more than they can afford to pay. In addition, identity thieves could use stolen credit cards to buy cryptocurrency, and banks have little chance (if any) to get that money back.
These banks aren't the only financial institutions backing away from anything associated with crypto. Capital One Financial and Discover also don't allow cryptocurrency purchases with their credit cards. Discover chief David Nelms even described people using virtual coins as "crooks... trying to get money out of China or wherever." A Coinbase staff member has also revealed in a Reddit post that major credit card networks and providers recently changed the terms of digital currency purchases. The new terms allow them to treat those purchases as a cash advance, which carries additional charges and have higher interest rates.
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
In the lead up to the release of Blade Runner 2049 – which opens on Oct. 6 – we'll be counting down the days with our favourite bits of Blade Runner trivia.
Dark, smoky, rainy streets choked with noise, lit by electric billboard advertisements and populated by humans of every ethnicity and dress sense. Is it (A) 1982's Blade Runner or (B) Yonge/Dundas square in Toronto, during the rainy summer of 2017?
The world of Blade Runner as created by Ridley Scott 35 years ago has edged closer to design reality in many ways. But the film's most enduring legacy has been the way its look has spread into other movies.
Scott himself noticed similarities in rock music videos made not long after Blade Runner was released. The film was not a box-office success – it placed 27th in 1982, just ahead of Airplane II: The Sequel. This was also a year that featured better-performing science-fiction films E.T.: The Extra-Terrestrial, Star Trek II: The Wrath of Khan and Tron. But clearly someone had noticed that, at the very least, the film looked astounding.
In the years that followed, echoes of Blade Runner could be seen in The Terminator, Robocop, Brazil, 12 Monkeys, The Fifth Element, Dark City, The Matrix, Minority Report (like Blade Runner, based on a Philip K. Dick novel), Duncan Jones' upcoming Mute, and more. Many of these movies not only borrow from Blade Runner's dark and intricate design, but share its themes of free will and what it means to be human.
Christopher Nolan's Batman Begins owes it a debt of gratitude that the director was happy to acknowledge in a 2005 interview with Starlog magazine: “Blade Runner has influenced everything that I think about and do in the cinema,” he said. “That picture made a profound impression on me as a teenager, and it has stuck with me ever since.”
On a more amusing note, the police cars from Blade Runner (called Spinners) have a habit of turning up in other movies where flying cars are commonplace. They can be seen in 1998's Soldier; no surprise since it's a sort of “sidequel” to Blade Runner, existing in the same universe. But you can also find one parked on a side street in Back to the Future Part II, and another flying over Coruscant in Star Wars Episode I.
And you can bet that if we ever get flying cars in this universe – honestly, replicants seem more likely – some hobbyist will knock together a street-legal Spinner as the ultimate homage.
It's almost summertime but the living isn't necessarily easy, if you're a client of the London Food Bank, which helps support some 3,360 families every month.
So, as it has done for the past 21 years, the food bank is partnering with city hall for the London Cares Curb Hunger food drive.
“Demands stays high as the givings go down (in the warmer months),” said food bank co-executive director Glen Pearson.
The idea for the curbside drive — the first of its kind in the country — came from Jay Stanford, the city's director of environmental programs and solid waste.
“It was their idea and they were looking for a way they could help,” Pearson recalled. City staffers were going from house to house anyway, Stanford reasoned.
“We had an experiment, we were innovating,” Pearson said.
Besides being repeated every year for two decades in London, the curbside food collection has been copied in other municipalities.
“Between June 1 and 9, Londoners can donate non-perishable items while shopping at their neighbourhood grocery store, drop them off at their local fire station, or place them in a bag labelled ‘food bank' beside their blue box on their recycling day,” the city said in a statement.
The food bank no longer announces goals for drives. However, the city said in its statement, “Last year, 49,830 pounds (22,600 kilograms) of food donations were delivered to the London Food Bank from curbside collection, corporate donations, grocery store and fire-station donation bins.”
“That's how good this community has been,” Pearson said.
Pearson also announced Wednesday how the food bank is continuing its “food rescue” program, diverting food from nine grocery stores that would have gone into the garbage. “This stuff would have gone to the landfill,” Pearson said. More than 53,000 kg of food products have been salvaged this way.
If you are thinking of donating, Pearson's organization gets plenty of pasta, soups and canned vegetables. Baby formula and diapers would be especially appreciated, he says.
“Just think of what you would need as a family,” Pearson said.
Collection schedule:
Grocery stores and fire stations – any time during business hours June 1 – 9.
Curbside Collection:
Friday, June 1: Zone F
Monday, June 4: Zone A
Tuesday, June 5: Zone B
Wednesday, June 6: Zone C
Thursday, June 7: Zone D
Friday, June 8: Zone E
Saturday, June 9: Donations still accepted at fire stations and local grocery stores
danbrown@postmedia.com
Sleaford Town's battle for survival in United Counties League Premier is now out of their hands after falling to a narrow defeat on Saturday.
Town took an early lead at home to Desborough Town, but were unable to capitalise as the visitors nicked a 3-2 win.
Their second consecutive defeat, combined with Oadby's remarkable late-season run of five wins in seven, has left Town just two points above second-bottom Wellingborough Whitworth who have a game in hand.
Four teams are locked in a battle to avoid the second relegation spot, with bottom side Sileby Rangers already down.
Town manager Jamie Shaw said: “Oadby have just hit a reach run of form and are playing teams that have nothing to play for.
“It's now up to us to perform in the final two games.”
Jack Pemberton gave Town the perfect start, netting from a second-minute corner, but Desborough were level at the break after a mix-up at the back.
More poor defending allowed the visitors to move 3-1 in front, but Archie Moyses penalty with 15 minutes left gave the home side hope.
But their search for an equaliser proved fruitless, as Sleaford dropped below Oadby on goal difference, and stayed a point behind St Andrews.
Town have two matches to save their season, starting with a must-win home match against 16th-placed Northampton ON Chenecks on Saturday (kick-off 3pm).
They then face a derby at Boston Town in their penultimate match the following Saturday.
Got something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share Burundi Minister Shot Dead in Capital
Voice of America
Police in Burundi say the country's environment minister was shot dead in the capital early Sunday. Police spokesman Pierre Nkurikiye said in a tweet that Emmanuel Niyonkuru, who was 54, was killed in Bujumbura while on his way home. The shooting is …
and more »
Buhari needs to prove he is not dead – Former British lawmaker, Eric Joyce explodes again
Daily Post Nigeria
A British politician and former military officer, Eric Stuart Joyce, has again stirred up controversy over the health of President Muhammadu Buhari. Joyce, who insisted that Buhari is dead , has now challenged the Nigerian President to prove otherwise.
and more »
Odunlade Adekola refutes 5th death rumour
Popular Yoruba actor, Odunlade Adekola, who is renowned for his comic roles, has refuted a fifth death rumour currently being peddled in a new Instagram video. Obviously upset about the speculation which he described as malicious, the 38-year-old film star resorted to cursing those behind the rumour in a funny manner. He started the …
The post Odunlade Adekola refutes 5th death rumour appeared first on INFORMATION NIGERIA.
This post was syndicated from INFORMATION NIGERIA. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
FILE - In this Dec. 29, 2016, file photo, New York Rangers defenseman Dan Girardi (5) gets set during a faceoff in the first period of an NHL hockey game against the Arizona Coyotes in Glendale, Ariz. The Rangers will buy out the remaining three years of Girardis contract. Girardi was set to count $5.5 million against the salary cap through 2019-20 and with his no-movement clause would have had to be protected in the upcoming Vegas expansion draft. (AP Photo/Rick Scuteri, File(
NEW YORK (AP) -- The New York Rangers will buy out the remaining three years of defenseman Dan Girardi's contract.
General manager Jeff Gorton announced the buyout Wednesday after the team agreed to terms with forward Matt Puempel. Girardi was set to count $5.5 million against the salary cap through 2019-20 and with his no-movement clause would have had to be protected in the upcoming Vegas Golden Knights expansion draft.
By buying out the 33-year-old veteran, the Rangers save almost $2.9 million against the cap next season and almost $1.9 million the following two years.
Team President Glen Sather, who was the GM when New York signed Girardi as an undrafted free agent in 2006, called his contributions immeasurable and said, ''He has been a role model through his relentless determination, giving everything he had to this organization both on and off the ice.''
In a statement released through the team, Girardi said, ''I poured my heart and soul into this team for the past 11 seasons and I enjoyed every minute of it.''
Girardi becomes an unrestricted free agent and can sign with any team beginning July 1. He had four goals and 11 assists last season and in 788 career NHL games has 46 goals and 184 assists.
Agreeing to terms with Puempel was another move made with the expansion draft in mind. Getting a deal done with the 24-year-old helps New York satisfy the minimum expansion draft requirement of exposing at least two forwards under contract for 2017-18.
The Rangers claimed the 24-year-old Puempel off waivers from Ottawa in November. He had six goals and three assists in 40 games last season and has 10 goals and five assists in 79 career NHL games.
New York also named former player Jed Ortmeyer as director of player development, Steve Eminger as a professional scout and Ben Prentiss as strength and conditioning consultant.
---
More AP NHL: https://apnews.com/tag/NHLhockey
Business News of Friday, 6 October 2017
Source: citibusinessnews.com
2017-10-06
Emmanuel Kofi Nti, GRA Commissioner General
The Ministry of Finance has set up a Special Surveillance and Monitoring Unit in collaboration with the Ghana Revenue Authority(GRA) to impound uncustomed vehicles.
According to the Ministry, the move is aimed to blocking revenue leakages from unregistered vehicles that have entered the country through unapproved routes.
Speaking at Press Conference, the Commissioner General at the Ghana Revenue Authority, Emmanuel Kofi Nti stated that such vehicle owners have an opportunity to voluntarily pay their duty or be slapped with a penalty if the vehicle is impounded.
“I wish to remind the general public that in accordance with Section 55(1) of the Customs Act, 2016(Act 891), a person who imports vehicles into the country shall pay import duties and any other imposts. It follows from this that the owners of the uncustomed vehicles have violated the law,” he warned.
He disclosed that the work of the Special Surveillance and Monitoring Unit has confirmed that there are a number of uncustomed vehicles in the country.
“GRA is therefore calling on all owners of such vehicles to regularize the status of their vehicles with the Customs Division of the GRA,” he said.
Mr. Nti advised the public to be careful of vehicles they buy since some unscrupulous people may sell such cars to them.
“I also wish to advise the general public to verify the authenticity of the document of any vehicle they intend to purchase with the Customs Division of GRA to be sure of the tax and duty status of such vehicles before payment,”.
Matharoo sisters declared wanted by the police, surety imprisoned
According to Politics Nigeria,the Matharoo sisters are wanted in Nigeria as the case they have with Femi Otedola is still in court.
Kiran and Taranjot Matharoo alongside their Nigerian accomplice, Babatunde Oyebode a.k.a Baudex are facing charges of extortion, blackmail and cyberbullying before a magistrate court in Yaba.
Continue reading the report by Politics Nigeria after the cut…
Trouble started for the sisters and Oyebode after billionaire businessman, Femi Otedola wrote a petition to the Nigerian police on an attempt by the trio to blackmail and extort him. After their first appearance in court, the sisters absconded leaving only Oyebode who has been diligent in making court appearances. Politics Nigeria went digging and a visit to the prosecutor's office in Yaba revealed that the sisters obtained a temporary travel document that aided their escape.
Discoveries made during investigations
Politics Nigeria discovered that the petition against the trio was filed by three petitioners namely; Femi Otedola, Dapo Balogun and Omeregie Ivie (Lawyer). The sisters and Oyebode were tracked down to Eko hotel, Lagos and arrested by the Nigerian police force. They were arraigned before a magistrate court in Yaba and granted bail in the sum of N500,000 each and two sureties each. The police seized an apple laptop, a camera and 2 Canadian passports from the sisters.
Politics Nigeria was able to identify one of the sureties as one Alhaji Waheed Sobunlo. Mr. Sobunlo was a surety to the trio. He wrote an undertaking to provide the trio on every date of adjournment. The undertaking was written on 26/12/2016. At a second hearing into the case on in January 2017, the sisters did not appear in court and this prompted the presiding judge to issue a bench warrant for the sisters. The warrants were dated 25/1/2017. A bench warrant was issued for their surety, Mr. Sobunlo on 2/2/2017 after he failed to produce the sisters in court. It was later discovered Sobunlo and 2 other sureties had also absconded. Only one of the sureties was arrested and he is currently in prison custody. Unconfirmed reports reveal that Sobunlo escaped to the US. All the issued bench warrants are still in effect.
During the course of investigations, Politics Nigeria learned that Sobunlo attempted to reclaim the passports of the girls from the police but met stiff resistance. A reliable source stated that Sobunlo revealed that the girls obtained a temporary travel document from the Canadian high commission in Lagos. Although Politics Nigeria can not confirm the authenticity of this statement, it is believed that this document aided the sisters in their daring escape.
Canadian Global affairs responds
The Canadian global affairs office has responded to the matter through a statement made available to Politics Nigeria by CityNews Toronto, and it reads;
Consular services have been provided to the Canadian citizens who had been detained in Lagos, Nigeria. To protect the privacy of the individuals concerned, further details on this case cannot be released.
IRCC is best placed to answer questions about the process for issuing emergency travel documents.
The statement was signed by the Global affairs spokesperson, John Babcock.
The Nigerian police has since written to the Canadian high commission in Lagos over the matter and currently awaiting a response.
This post was syndicated from Nigerian: Breaking News In Nigeria | Laila's Blog. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
(KGTV)--A false report of gunfire prompted the lockdown of Travis Air Force Base Wednesday afternoon, officials said.
The Fairfield, Calif. base was temporarily placed on lockdown and the public was prevented from entering the base while the report was investigated.
Staff sergeant Nicole Leidholm previously said that the lockdown was a "real-world incident" and said that they were in the process of performing a scheduled drill when the incident occurred.
No shooter was located and the base was re-opened by 5:05 p.m.
This is a breaking news story. Stay with 10News for more information as it becomes available.
Sandy Coronilla is a KGTV digital producer. Follow her @10NewsSandy
A female stunt person has died while performing a motorcycle stunt on the set of "Deadpool 2," according to a statement from the Vancouver police.
The name of the victim has not been released.
WorkSafeBC and The Coroners Service of British Columbia are leading the investigation, police said.
"We are deeply saddened by the accident that occurred on the set of 'Deadpool 2' this morning," 20th Century Fox, the studio behind "Deadpool 2," said in a statement. "Our hearts and prayers are with the family, friends and colleagues of our crew member during this difficult time."
"Deadpool 2" is the follow-up to the 2016 film starring Ryan Reynolds that grossed over $363 million domestically.
Hours after the death, Reynolds released his own statement on social media, saying: "Today, we tragically lost a member of our crew while filming Deadpool. We're heartbroken, shocked and devastated... but recognize nothing can come close to the grief and inexplicable pain her family and loved ones must feel in this moment."
He added: "My heart pours out to them -- along with each and every person she touched in this world."
Production on the sequel began in late June. At the time, Reynolds marked the occasion with a photo posted to social media captioned, "Feels good to be back."
Since then, Reynolds, a Vancouver native, has shared numerous behind the scenes sneak peeks.
Last week, he posted a photo with local police, thanking them for their help coordinating a scene that caused road closures and traffic delays downtown. (In his post, he jokingly referred to the film as "Spider-Man.")
"Deadpool 2" has a 2018 release date.
The death is the second such occurrence of a fatal on-set accident in recent weeks.
John Bernecker, a stunt performer for AMC's "The Walking Dead," died in July after performing a fall on the show's Georgia set.
The death was deemed an accident caused by blunt force trauma to the head, according a coroner's report.
IT AIN'T EASY …
A senior Western Australian Greens figure has publicly called for Senator Richard Di Natale to resign as parliamentary leader, citing “untold cultural damage” and a silencing of dissent within the party since Di Natale won leadership in 2015.
As The Australian reports, former Greens WA co-convenor Grahame Bowland published a scathing Facebook post in the wake of the Greens' surprise Batman byelection loss over the weekend. Bowland has hit out at Di Natale's “explicitly centrist” policies and his attack on dissenters within the party, notably an announced “purge” of members responsible for leaking against Batman candidate Alex Bhathal.
Transcript for How well is President Trump handling foreign policy?
This transcript has been automatically generated and may not be 100% accurate.
When you lose sight you lose touch with the world, but when you lose hearing – sense you lose touch with the people
– Helen Keller, US Advisor on Hearing and Sight issues.
By TERENCE MUSUKU
COMPLETENESS of human personality, viewed anatomically, is anchored on five valiant human senses: Sight, Hearing, Smell, Taste and Touch.
In essence and effect, when one of these five senses is dysfunctional or impaired, the affected person becomes physically handicapped, unable to lead a normal life.
A physically handicapped person, old or young, belongs to the vulnerable lot in society writhing in self-pity and groping in harrowing uncertainty!
Of course, health ministries in both developed and developing countries do exist for the function of providing preventive and curative medical services for containing and treating ailments impairing the five human senses.
In Zambia, specifically, the Ministry of Health is ticking with head-way, by clear-cut leaps and jumps, in this regard thus stands equal to the designated function of the ministry.
But in curbing and treating the hearing impairment, the Health Ministry has portrayed irresolute disposition. Yet, the manly all- round perfection includes, and is consummated, by ability of hearing.
For those born with hearing inability, the same as others with hearing impairment, their fate is hardest to fathom. It is far better, in point of fact, not to have been born with hearing inability.
This year, 2017, marks a century and six years since Zambia attained nation-hood in 1911, then under the rule of British South Africa Company headed by industrialist, John Cecil Rhodes.
He bequeathed the government reign to British Colonial Power in 1924. Thereafter, Zambia was granted self-rule in 1964 over half a century now.
What is so startling upon mulling over the successive Zambian governments, before and after attaining independence – between 1911 until 2016 when the incumbent President Edgar Lungu assumed the Presidency – nothing worthwhile has been undertaken to integrate audiology as a corollary in the preventive and curative measures of tackling hearing ailment.
Expressed implicitly, audiology deals in the provision of health-care entailing evaluation, diagnosis, treatment and management of hearing loss, tinnitus as well as balancing disorders in new–born, children and adults.
Audiology is equated, in a measure, to optometry – a medical practice dealing in measuring vision and prescribing corrective lenses to compensate for visual defects.
Another related medical branch is, and involves, a doctor specialising in otorhinolaryngology commonly known as ENT. It is a three-in-one speciality in ear, nose and throat treatment.
In the field of Audiology, as Zambia stands today, Alfred Mwamba, aged 38, is a phenomenal revelation with striking faculty he is endowed with incisively.
Firstly, as recorded in the annals of Zambian medical practitioners, he is, still is, the only audiologist holding this qualification in Zambia, neither among both Zambian indigenes and foreigners.
Secondly, he has galvanised world recognition audio logically underlined by his appointment as executive director, Starkey Hearing Foundation, Sub-Sahara region based in his mother-land, Zambia.
Thirdly, with this deserving appointment consequently, Zambia has been designated the continental head-quarters of Starkey Hearing Foundation responsible for offering training and capacity-development needed in running Audiology part of the Zambian Health Service.
Fourthly, Starkey Hearing Foundation holding global out-reach in no less than 100 countries, cogently decided to set up Starkey Hearing Institute in Zambia, the first ever in the world, purposefully for offering tutorship in Audiology in trainees drawn from Sub-Sahara Africa countries.
The first intake of 12 who had successfully completed one-year training, covering specialisation in the application of hearing instruments, diagnosis of hearing impairment as well as hearing treatment, graduated in December 2015.
Current intake features 10 trainees, commencing this year, who will graduate next year.
Administratively, Starkey Hearing Institute is a praise-worth establishment manned by a seven-man training staff headed by Alfred Mwamba … to achieve the sureness of the intended success.
But to run the institute par excellence, on sound foundation and dead certainty, the management counts on zestful training support offered by US Associate Professors on-line.
Who, posing a rhetorical question, is Alfred Mwamba, still a striking revelation in the Zambian Audiology field? A rare bird flying on earth!
Reciting the poetic words of William Shakespeare “Some are born great; some achieve greatness; and some have greatness thrust upon them.”
Audiologist Afred Mwamba portrays himself, in black and white, well- fitted in the classification of those born endowed with greatness.
Recollectively, the Zambian media published his profile revealingly in 2005 upon his home– returning from US after attaining MSc in Audiology, the study of Hearing Science.
His arrival in Zambia was, to the contrary, so poignant: dishonuored by his mother-land, Zambia. He was shunned to get employed by the Health Ministry, in spite of his MSC attainment in Audiology, the first and only one in Zambia.
The Government Department of Occupational Health and Safety, based in Kitwe frowned upon his employment application. This is the only alternative institution in Zambia to offer him employment.
When Mwamba hit the dead-end, in quest of getting employed, he reckoned to try one more possibility: to become a special medical advisor of President Levy Mwanawasa (late) dead – certain to placate his apparent stammering.
The Presidential medical advisors, for reasons undisclosed, treated Mwamba`s request as a non-starter. Then, thereafter, he made his mind to migrate either to South Africa or US where the possibility of getting employed was far beyond question.
The Ministry of Health, however after second –thoughts, decided to offer him employment. He quit after a short spell because, in his own words, “I found myself getting paid for doing nothing. I was working with hardly Audiology facilities made available.”
In a dramatic happening, hard to believe, Australian audiologist, Anita Dewet, who had read Mwamba`s profile published in the Zambian media – which outlined the trying rejections he had faced in pursuit of employment in Zambia – flew from Australia to Zambia with soothing news.
She presented Mwamba freely Audiology equipment – audiometry and tympanometry – worth US$10,000. This donation served as stimulus for Mwamba to set up his own Audiology clinic ever in Zambia.
So promptly, he started running his hearing clinic with hunched attitude, initially at Mandevu Catholic Church Clinic building in Lusaka. Thereafter, he was enticed by Beit Cure Hospital Management to run the Audiology Clinic there under agreed upon memorandum of understanding.
Mwamba`s journey in the audiological field, seemingly, keeps spanning infinitely. From Beit Cure Hospital, a privately run entity, he willed setting up a paragon of Audiology Clinic in Zambia – Trinity Hearing Centre.
While achieving elevation remarkably, higher and higher in rapid succession, he has ultimately merited his appointment by Starkey Hearing Foundation, as the Executive Director for Sub-Sahara Africa region.
World Health Organisation (WHO) estimates people afflicted with hearing impairment in the range of 360 million. Sub-Sahara Africa accounts for 44 million while Zambia is now closing to a million.
The causes of deafness in Zambia as elsewhere in the world include: obstruction of the middle ear induced by inflammation caused by infection fever in childhood; throat infection, growth of spongy bone around the inner- ear; damage to the cochlea; auditory nerve and brain arising from shock and very loud noise.
Diseases-caused impairment arise from: concussion, fracture of the skull, haemorrhage; tumours or drugs, abscesses; damage to the cochlea induced by meningitis; mumps, typhoid fever and syphilis, tonsils and TB, HIV, physical trauma; ototoxicity from the use of quinine in malaria treatment.
In the management ethics and modus operandi applicable, Starkey Hearing Foundation chief executive –cum- founder, William F. Austin exercises his settled conviction of offering due employment appointment to meritorious professionals in the likes of Afred Mwamba.
Our winsome Zambian First Lady, Esther Lungu, has equally stunned Starkey Hearing Foundation helmsman, Austin and his wife, Tani. She has gone the whole hog, applying the muscle of her own Esther Lungu Foundation, entwined with Alfred Mwamba in tandem.
What expectation is derivable from Alfred Mwamba-Esther Lungu combination: absorbing, engaging partnership – nothing less and nothing more.
The Zambian First Lady, as nodded by Starkey Hearing Foundation, has emerged “the first high level partner in Africa” to recognise the importance of hearing health being an esteemed advocate for disabilities – afflicted people.
It is as note-worthy as it goes without saying, that through her commitment, it turned out propitious for the Zambian Government to facilitate the establishment of the Starkey Hearing Foundation in Zambia.
Her own foundation, distinctively, plays a vital role in the mobilisation of hearing impaired patients across Zambia through:
Raising awareness along with other First Ladies around the world.
Provision of hearing aids to Zambians with hearing impairment;
She features at every fitting held by Starkey Hearing Institute to sensitive the people on the hearing-impairment scourge.
Ultimately, for all her contributions noted in fostering Audiology in Zambia, Starkey Hearing Foundation, the largest NGO in hearing health in the world, deservingly honoured the first lady with a special award at a memorable ceremony held in the US on July 16 this year.
Alfred Mwamba , in his position as the executive director of Starkey Hearing Foundation, Sub-Sahara Africa region, new hobnobs with chief executive, William Austin, and the likes of former US Presidents (Bill Clinton and George Bush, Jr.), Jessie Jackson and Andrew Young at international fora.
Providentially, Mwamba was born to serve Zambia and the world at large in the only field, God willed – Audiology. Self-affirmed, self-evidenced!
Former Mexican Foreign Minister threatens US Mexican officials threaten US if deportations persist by allowing drugs into country. Contact Editor Arutz Sheva Staff,
Mark Neyman/GPO/Flash 90 Mexicos President Enrique Pena Nieto with former President Shimon Peres
JERUSALEM (AP) — In an embarrassment to the Israeli government, only five of 11 NFL players have arrived on a sponsored trip aimed at improving the country's image.
The ministry for strategic affairs and public diplomacy issued an press release after the Super Bowl boasting that the visit would bring “influencers” who would serve as “goodwill ambassadors” when they returned home.
The announcement led Seattle Seahawks defense lineman Michael Bennett to pull out. He accused the government of trying to use him for PR purposes and cited sympathy for the Palestinians. Several others players followed suit.
Rambam hospital spokesman David Ratner says Wednesday that only five players arrived for a planned visit to the hospital. The ministry declined to comment.
HALIFAX — Private and non-profit child care operators in Nova Scotia say it remains to be seen how they will ultimately be affected by the ongoing rollout of universal pre-primary for four-year-olds across the province.
Lisa Davies, of the Non-Profit Directors Association, says the biggest challenge across the sector remains recruiting and retaining enough trained early childhood educators.
Davies says it's been an ongoing problem in Nova Scotia that is now more acute with the introduction of pre-primary.
Pam Streeter, of the Private Licensed Administrators Association, says pre-primary has been introduced in under serviced and rural areas and the real test for private operators will come when the program is rolled out fully in larger urban areas.
Education Department officials say 110 early childhood educators were hired to work in 54 classes in 45 schools when the program was launched last September.
The department says an additional 700 will be needed by the time pre-primary is fully implemented in 2020.
All Times EDT EASTERN CONFERENCE Atlantic Division GP W L OT Pts GF GA Tampa Bay 72 49 19 4 102 260 202 Boston 71 45 17 9 99 239 184 Toronto 72 43 22 7 93 243 204 Florida 70 36 27 7 79 212 216 Montreal 73 26 35 12 64 182 232 Ottawa 71 26 34 11 63 197 244 Detroit 72 26 35 11 63 184 224 Buffalo 72 23 37 12 58 172 236 Metropolitan Division GP W L OT Pts GF GA Washington 72 41 24 7 89 225 214 Pittsburgh 72 41 26 5 87 237 218 Columbus 73 40 28 5 85 205 203 Philadelphia 73 37 25 11 85 218 215 New Jersey 72 37 27 8 82 217 215 Carolina 72 31 30 11 73 194 225 N.Y. Rangers 72 32 32 8 72 208 231 N.Y. Islanders 72 30 32 10 70 231 262 WESTERN CONFERENCE Central Division GP W L OT Pts GF GA Nashville 72 48 14 10 106 236 178 Winnipeg 72 43 19 10 96 240 189 Minnesota 73 41 24 8 90 227 210 Colorado 72 39 25 8 86 231 209 Dallas 73 38 27 8 84 209 197 St. Louis 72 39 28 5 83 201 193 Chicago 73 30 34 9 69 208 223 Pacific Division GP W L OT Pts GF GA Vegas 72 46 21 5 97 244 199 San Jose 72 40 23 9 89 219 199 Los Angeles 73 40 27 6 86 211 184 Anaheim 73 37 24 12 86 206 197 Calgary 73 35 28 10 80 202 217 Edmonton 72 31 36 5 67 201 231 Vancouver 72 25 38 9 59 186 236 Arizona 71 23 37 11 57 170 228
NOTE: Two points for a win, one point for overtime loss. Top three teams in each division and two wild cards per conference advance to playoffs.
Sunday's Games
Colorado 5, Detroit 1
Vegas 4, Calgary 0
Tampa Bay 3, Edmonton 1
Carolina 4, N.Y. Islanders 3
Philadelphia 6, Washington 3
Winnipeg 4, Dallas 2
St. Louis 5, Chicago 4, OT
Anaheim 4, New Jersey 2
Monday's Games
Columbus 5, Boston 4, OT
Nashville 4, Buffalo 0
Florida 2, Montreal 0
Los Angeles 4, Minnesota 3, OT
Calgary at Arizona, 10 p.m.
Tuesday's Games
Columbus at N.Y. Rangers, 7 p.m.
Dallas at Washington, 7 p.m.
Pittsburgh at N.Y. Islanders, 7 p.m.
Edmonton at Carolina, 7 p.m.
Florida at Ottawa, 7:30 p.m.
Philadelphia at Detroit, 7:30 p.m.
Toronto at Tampa Bay, 7:30 p.m.
Los Angeles at Winnipeg, 8 p.m.
Colorado at Chicago, 8:30 p.m.
Vancouver at Vegas, 10 p.m.
New Jersey at San Jose, 10:30 p.m.
Wednesday's Games
Montreal at Pittsburgh, 7 p.m.
Arizona at Buffalo, 7 p.m.
Boston at St. Louis, 8 p.m.
Anaheim at Calgary, 9:30 p.m.
Thursday's Games
N.Y. Rangers at Philadelphia, 7 p.m.
Arizona at Carolina, 7 p.m.
Florida at Columbus, 7 p.m.
Tampa Bay at N.Y. Islanders, 7 p.m.
Washington at Detroit, 7:30 p.m.
Edmonton at Ottawa, 7:30 p.m.
Toronto at Nashville, 8 p.m.
Vancouver at Chicago, 8:30 p.m.
Los Angeles at Colorado, 9 p.m.
Vegas at San Jose, 10 p.m.
Customs intercept contraband valued at N334m
Lagos – The Federal Operations Unit (FOU) of the Nigeria Customs Service (NCS), Ikeja says it intercepted contraband with a Duty Paid Value (DPV) of N334 million between April 1 and June 12.
The command said it also recovered N273.6 million from duty payments and demand notices on goods that tried to beat the system in the period under review.
The Controller of the unit, Mr Mohammed Garba, disclosed this at a news conference in Lagos on Wednesday.
Garba said that 10 suspects were arrested in connection with the seizures.
He said in the period under review, 152 different seizures were recorded comprising vegetable oil, foreign parboiled rice, frozen poultry products, smuggled vehicles, India hemp, used tyres and general merchandise.
“You will agree with me that smuggling is a global phenomenon which cannot be curbed entirely but can be brought to its barest minimum.
“I have to praise the commitment and diligence of the officers and men of the unit for thwarting the antics of some dare-devil smugglers, who used different methods for concealment.
“Recently, above all was the interception of 384 parcels of Indian hemp concealed inside six bales of second-hand clothing from Ghana along Iyana-Ipaja road.
“In the spirit of inter-agency relationship, the suspects and the contents will be handed over to the National Drug Law Enforcement Agency for prosecution in a court of competent jurisdiction.
“Based on information and after physical examination, we have seized five containers that contravened Customs law over false declaration and breach of import prohibition list by trade,'' he said.
Garba said that two of the containers were laden with 4,982 pieces of used tyres, while others were laden with 1,292 pieces of vehicle batteries and piston ring compressors.
The controller thanked the management of the service under the leadership of Col. Hammed Ali for his efforts in recognising hard work and diligence.
The post Customs intercept contraband valued at N334m appeared first on Vanguard News.
This post was syndicated from Vanguard News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Mayor Catherine Pugh kicked off Baltimore's Black History Month celebrations on Feb. 1 with a City Hall ceremony honoring abolitionist Frederick Douglass on his 200th birthday.
Taking part in the event were Pugh, Baltimore City Council President Bernard C. “Jack” Young, the Dunbar High School Jazz Band, Crossroads School students and James Piper Bond, president and CEO of the Living Classrooms Foundation.
Pugh's duties continued later that night, when she officially opened the Black History Art Exhibition at City Hall. The exhibition features the work of Nathaniel K. Gibbs and Laurence Hurst, graduates of Frederick Douglass High School; the opening included performances by the City College Knights of Jazz and Combo & Morton Street Dance Company.
The exhibit will be open daily between 9 a.m. and 4 p.m. in the City Hall Rotunda and Courtyard Galleries through Feb. 28.
This article was originally published on The Conversation, an independent and nonprofit source of news, analysis and commentary from academic experts. Disclosure information is available on the original site.
——
Author: Tony Robert Walker, Assistant Professor, Dalhousie University
Twenty five years ago, I spent a summer removing plastic packing bands and plastic nets from 135 entangled Antarctic fur seals on Bird Island, South Georgia in the sub-Antarctic. Plastic marine waste discarded by the fishing industry were the primary source of entanglements.
A quarter of a century later, plastic is still a huge problem. In the past month alone, we have seen dead whales wash ashore with their stomachs full of plastic bags.
This ought to be a strong enough signal to trigger collective action to clean up and improve governance of the plastics that have become this century's Tragedy of the Commons.
Governments and individuals all need to reconsider how we use and dispose of our single-use plastics (SUPs). Within just two generations we have produced and discarded so much plastic that we are now literally drowning in it.
Individual action
Recently, a former colleague in Newfoundland was so fed up at staring at a pile of garbage dumped on nearby public property that she took it upon herself to clean it up. The result was almost a truckload of trash comprising five full garbage bags and other miscellaneous pieces, most of it SUPs.
We all use SUPs, not just those countries with the largest populations, and so we are all are culpable in contributing to global plastic pollution.
Until recently, China was the world's largest importer of recyclable materials (including plastics) from developed countries, such as Canada, the United States and European countries. But these imports have since been banned.
This has left many developed countries scrambling to figure out how to recycle or dispose of their SUPs, with many jurisdictions (from municipalities to entire countries) considering bans or fees on SUP bags.
Recently, Prince Edward Island took the big step to announce new legislation to make it the first province to ban SUP shopping bags. Seattle is the first major U.S. city to ban the use of plastic drinking straws.
Government support
Canada is planning to adopt a zero-waste strategy, and we recently heard more about these details in the non-binding G7 Ocean Plastics Charter, which was agreed to by five of the seven participating nations and the European Union (EU). However, neither the United States nor Japan signed the voluntary agreement.
National and international organizations have also made recent announcements about how to reduce and improve recycling, but all have committed to widely varying timelines to achieve these goals.
For example, the United Nations Environment Programme (with support from 42 governments), declared a fight against plastics, announcing their global Clean Seas campaign in 2017 to eliminate major sources of marine debris by 2022.
The following year, the European Commission (EC) adopted the first Europe-wide strategy on plastics, aiming for all plastic packaging in the EU to be reusable or recyclable — but not until 2030.
Lagging behind the international community, the United Kingdom announced it will eliminate “avoidable” plastic waste by 2042 — almost a generation away!
Meanwhile, Canada has also been soliciting comments and ideas on ways to reduce plastic pollution and improve recycling.
Corporations lead the way
With governments setting unambitious targets, it seems that large corporations are now showing leadership by listening to consumers who are demanding less SUPs in their packing and food containers.
Recently, McDonald's announced that it would replace plastic straws with paper ones in all of its U.K. and Ireland restaurants, as of September 2018. This strategy may soon be rolled out in other jurisdictions. IKEA has also committed to eliminating all SUP products from its home furnishing range by 2020, including plastic straws, plates, cups, freezer bags, garbage bags and plastic-coated paper plates and cups.
Why has it taken so long to tackle this wicked problem?
Sure, the plastics industry has something to lose, and maybe governments also lack the will and technology to make the transition sooner?
But time is running out.
I'm just glad that the Romans invented viaducts and straight roads instead of SUPs, as we likely wouldn't be here today if they had. Giving up a plastic straw, stirrer or bag might not be so bad after all.
If I have to choose between “Planet or Plastic”, I know which I'll pick. What about you?
——
This article was originally published on The Conversation. Disclosure information is available on the original site. Read the original article:
https://theconversation.com/how-to-clean-up-our-universal-plastic-tr https://the
TORONTO — “Gilmore Girls” creator Amy Sherman-Palladino has had a complicated relationship with standup comedy.
As a kid, she was fascinated by stories her comedian father and his friends would tell about the good ol' days of touring Las Vegas and performing for next-to-nothing in Greenwich Village and the Catskill Mountains of New York.
“It made that time in New York seem very fascinating and energetic and exciting,” the Emmy Award-nominated writer-director-producer said in a recent phone interview.
But as an adult, she saw a darker side of the business while selling tickets and other items at the Comedy Store in Los Angeles.
“I sold cigarettes to Andrew Dice Clay. He was very polite. He always said ‘Thank you' and ‘Please.' He's a very delightful man,” she said.
“But it was interesting to watch, because a lot of comedians are not light, sunny, happy people off camera. It's a darker kind of thing, and that's often why they're funny, because there's a darkness to them…. There was a lot of darkness and depression and too many drinks.
“I think of all the arts, standup is the toughest thing, because when you get up onstage you have nobody to blame but yourself.”
Sherman-Palladino explores both those sides of the industry in her critically lauded new dramedy series “The Marvelous Mrs. Maisel,” now available on Amazon Prime Video in over 200 regions, including Canada.
Rachel Brosnahan of “House of Cards” fame stars as Miriam (Midge) Maisel, a 1958 Jewish housewife and mother who has a seemingly perfect life in New York City's posh Upper West Side neighbourhood. When her wannabe-standup-comedian husband (played by Michael Zegen) leaves her, she finds an outlet in an open-mic night at the very same comedy club in which he performed.
Sherman-Palladino created, wrote and directed the series. The executive producer is Daniel Palladino, her husband, who also worked on “Gilmore Girls” and “Family Guy.”
“It wasn't just about the standup,” Palladino said of the series. “It was also the time and what happens to a woman back in that era.”
Like many characters in the Sherman-Palladino universe, Midge is a sharp-witted fast talker and has drawn comparisons to Joan Rivers. Sherman-Palladino conceded there are some parallels between the two (“I guess the fact that Joan was brave … and out there and still dressed cute,” she said) but added she didn't model the character after the late comedy star.
“Her story was very different, her comedy was very different,” said Sherman-Palladino.
“Joan wanted to be an actress. She wanted to be a very serious actress and comedy, to her, was the day job, the thing that paid the bills…. Whereas Midge, comedy is everything. It's a brand new exciting outlet.”
It's also an outlet that can be rough for many and “Midge is going to face every circumstance, every obstacle that comes in the path of every standup,” said Sherman-Palladino.
Finding the right actress to nail Midge's lightning-fast dialogue and exaggerated mannerisms onstage “was hellacious,” said Sherman-Palladino.
After an exhausting audition process, they found Brosnahan through an L.A. casting director. She had mostly done drama up to that point but had a certain spark.
“I'm the queen of uncastable characters,” Sherman-Palladino said with a laugh.
Early in the first episode, audiences see Midge and her husband working together to craft his comedy act, which brings to mind the personal and professional relationship of the series creators.
The two said while they also “bounce a lot off each other all the time,” they are careful to write and direct separately as well.
“People ask us, ‘How do you spend all day together?' We don't spend all day together,” said Palladino. “If we have a really, really late-night dinner that we can squeeze in, it's often like, ‘So, what was your day like today? What did you do?'
“When we're working on the same project … that's how we made it work…. We have this thing that we share that's also healthily separate.”
Does Turkey consciously wage an economic war against Israel? This possibility was raised in a Knesset debate on the relations between Turkey and Israel, during which this reasoning was voiced by MK Mickey Levy (Yesh Atid). He explained his position to Arutz Sheva.
According to him, the current reality is that a number of Israeli factories were about to fire workers as a result of the cheap imports from Turkey flooding the Israeli market. He brought as an example the “Phoenicia” glass factory in Haifa, where 240 workers were to be fired in the face of imported glass from Turkey. The same was true of the “Hartuv” cement factory in Beit Shemesh. "If the Turks flood the market with cheap cement, this plant will collapse."
“We succeeded in stopping some of the imports from Turkey and transferring the money to local production.”
Is this a Turkish trend focused on Israel or is it Turkey's economic policy towards all the countries of the world? The Knesset member has no intelligence, as he puts it, but he wants to examine the precedents in the world, such as Italy, where the export of cheap Turkish glass led to the collapse of the Italian factory, after which the Turkish factory acquired the Italian one and then raised the price of the glass - which until then had been low.
“This can happen to us, too. Maybe we will get cheap merchandise now, but in the future the plant will close and the prices will rise because it is impossible to stay in this price range over time. "
"Beyond that, can we make do with purely external products strategically? And this is the problem, that one day we will be without factories and production capacity, thus also agriculture and other markets will shut down for political reasons."
And what about imports from China or Korea and other countries, which are also cheaper and could seriously hurt the Israeli market? "When we import from China and Korea, these are things that are lacking in the local market, but from Turkey they bring materials that flood the local market because of the short distance, it collapses Israeli industry."
In his remarks, MK Levy praised the activity of Minister of Economy Eli Cohen (Kulanu), who "rose to the occasion and limited the imports from Turkey in one form or another, by imposing anti-dumping duties, but that is not enough. That can solve the problem of several factories, but there are new factories,” he said.
DETROIT - The father of two who charged at convicted sexual abuser Larry Nassar in court on Friday has spoken out about his action in the courtroom.
Randall Margraves apologized for his actions during a press conference Friday afternoon, saying he was embarrassed by his actions.
"I'm not advocating that everyone should do that, I feel very remorseful, very apologetic. I was embarrassed," Margraves said.
Margraves added that he's "no hero" and that the heroes are "Nassar's victims."
"I believe in Heaven and Hell and I can only hope that, when the day comes, that Larry Nassar has ended his days on this Earth, that he will be escorted to one of the deepest, darkest, hottest pits in Hell there is – for him and people like him," Margraves said in closing. "I hope there's a lot of pain attached to it, because he's certainly left a lot of pain here on this Earth."
Read Margraves full statement below:
This morning I got up with full intention to go to work. I was going to stop by the courthouse for support, I knew my daughters were going to make an impact statement, I did not know the content in the impact statement. We went to the podium, Sherry, their mother and myself, in support of the two daughters. When I had to hear what was said in those statements and I have to look over at Larry Nassar shaking his head, that's when I lost control.
I'm not advocating that everyone should do that, I feel very remorseful, very apologetic. I was embarrassed. I thank Judge Cunningham and all the court system for their leniency on me. This is to not be a lawless society, I know that, I lost control, but I regained control later – in a holding cell.
When my children were little, they were taught to respect and obey and trust authority. That means the police, and their parents, and their, teachers and their coaches, and their doctors. They were taught to respect and obey and trust adults, because adults would teach them the proper way to live their lives. And we see what happened there.
When the girls were little, Sherry and myself worked hard to provide extra opportunities for our children, and they found these opportunities on the athletic fields. They all participated in sports camps and traveling teams and they all played basketball, softball, volleyball and they ran track, cross-country and gymnastics. And then the injuries started showing up.
Almost immediately, this family's getting professional advice to see one of the top doctors in his field, Larry Nassar. And I should have felt privileged for getting the invoices, because, after all, he's taking care of Michigan State University athletes, as well as Olympians.
I allowed myself to take this advice, I fell for the Michigan State hype, I was blinded to the fancy degrees hanging on an office wall and I delivered, unintentionally, my three daughters to a demon, who had his own twisted and sick agenda for his own demented desires.
Now I have to live with the fact that I failed to protect my daughters. This is a strong family, we will get through it.
Sometimes the relationships between me and my daughters have been strained, stressed, distant. I was always trying to figure that out. I was always frustrated and puzzled. I always tried to work as hard as I could to be a good father and now I know what one of the reasons were, the main reason. The reason was Larry Nassar.
Now I have to worry that my daughters can ever trust another man for the rest of their life. The survivors and the victims are most important now, and my daughters are a part of that. If it wasn't for all the brave girls and women that have come forward before now, I don't know if my family could've came forward now, so I appreciate and thank all the victims and survivors for what they've done.
I do not doubt for a minute all the people who have come forward, there's was probably even more victims out there that have yet to come forward. And to them I say I wish you well and I hope you can find the inner strength to go down the path of recovery.
Like I said, the victims and survivors are the most important, but I represent the parents and the grandparents and the family members and the friends and the community members and the coaches and the teachers, all who have cared and taught and loved these kids, not just my kids, but all these kids, the right way. I thank all of those for their support.
I want to wrap this up. I will tell you that I believe in God almighty, I believe in Heaven and Hell and I can only hope that, when the day comes, that Larry Nassar has ended his days on this Earth, that he will be escorted to one of the deepest, darkest, hottest pits in Hell there is – for him and people like him. I hope there's a lot of pain attached to it, because he's certainly left a lot of pain here on this Earth.
What NFF told Rohr during Tuesday's meeting after South Africa defeat
Chairman of the Nigeria Football Federation (NFF) technical committee, Chris Green, has revealed that Super Eagles coach Gernot Rohr, will face strict scrutiny over the invitation of players, following a 2-0 defeat to South Africa in a 2019 Africa Cup of Nations qualifier last Saturday. The German tactician was summoned by the technical committee to […]
What NFF told Rohr during Tuesday's meeting after South Africa defeat
This post was syndicated from Daily Post Nigeria. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
MCLEAN, Va.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--May 30, 2018--Curio Collection by Hilton and Tapestry Collection by Hilton, two of Hilton 's 14 market-leading brands, continue to grow their portfolios with seven unique hotels featuring exceptional accommodations in cities across the country. Whether travelers are looking for a relaxing weekend getaway in the countryside or a week-long vacation exploring some beautiful destinations across America, Hilton's collection brands boast distinctive properties supported by the strength and reliability of Hilton and its award-winning Hilton Honors program.
This press release features multimedia. View the full release here: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180530006132/en/
Black Fox Lodge Pigeon Forge, Tapestry Collection by Hilton (Photo: Business Wire)
The Curio Collection portfolio, which sits between the upscale and luxury hotel space, comprises of more than 50 one-of-a-kind hotels and resorts around the world, with the most recent opening where small town charm and city experiences meet – in Lynchburg, Virginia. Travelers seeking an authentic and memorable experience will soon also be able to stay at Curio Collection hotels in Seattle, Cincinnati and Pittsburgh.
"From Pittsburgh's great food scene and sports venues, to the influential Pacific Northwest hub of Seattle, these one-of-a-kind properties truly embody the independent spirit of our collection," said Mark Nogal, global head, Curio Collection by Hilton. "Each of these hotels accelerates our efforts to expand our collection in markets that reach travelers and surprise locals seeking unexpected and authentic experiences, and they arrive just in time for what's expected to be the busiest summer in the history of U.S. air travel with more than 2.6 million passengers per day 1."
Properties recently added and soon joining the Curio Collection by Hilton portfolio include:
(Opened May 2018): A centerpiece of downtown Lynchburg since 1913, this magnificent hotel has been thoughtfully restored to its historic grandeur and refreshed with modern amenities. Guests can enjoy views of Lynchburg and the James River from a new vantage on the only rooftop restaurant and bar downtown or host an event in the 1900s-style ballroom showcasing the grandeur of the era with gorgeous ceilings, columns and moldings. (Opening June 2018): Historic-meets-modern and posh-meets-minimalism for a one-of-a-kind stay downtown at the Distrikt Hotel Pittsburgh. Formerly the Salvation Army headquarters, this boutique hotel offers contemporary amenities while honoring the building's original architecture, charm and stature on the National Register of Historic Places. Enjoy meals in the hotel's two restaurants, or, The Whale, a seafood and chophouse showcasing French specialties and local ingredients, or Evangeline, a chic cocktail and oyster bar that's perfect for craft cocktails or entertaining colleagues. (Opening July 2018): Just steps from downtown Seattle, including Pike Place Market, the Space Needle and endless dining and bar options, this chic hotel offers guests sleekly designed rooms with warm wood finishes, elegant décor and opulent bedding for maximum comfort after long days of exploring. Enjoy delicious on-site meals at Patagōn, a modernly rustic restaurant with Argentine-inspired cuisine focused on fresh, locally-sourced ingredients, or at the Fog Room rooftop lounge on the 16th floor, which brings the outdoors inside with retractable windows that boast water and skyline views. (Opening by August 2018): A gem of downtown since 1882, The Cincinnatian Hotel blends rich history with today's modern amenities for a unique stay in Cincinnati. Vintage elements, such as artwork, a grand marble staircase and soaring atrium, showcase the hotel's past. Have breakfast made-to-order at the hotel's restaurant or enjoy a local favorite at the American gastropub after exploring the bustling city.
Tapestry Collection was introduced as Hilton's 14 th brand and second collection brand in January 2017. Since its launch, it has added six hotels to its portfolio, with three additional properties opening this summer. This month, the upscale collection brand offering travelers refreshingly uncommon hotels, celebrates its one-year anniversary since welcoming its first property into the collection in Syracuse, New York.
“Each of the Tapestry Collection by Hilton properties maintains its own individuality and provides guests with a vibrant hotel experience,” said Jenna Hackett, global head, Tapestry Collection by Hilton. “From a rooftop restaurant in Wilmington, North Carolina to a relaxing mountain getaway in Pigeon Forge, Tennessee, our newest hotels provide travelers even more opportunities to experience inviting properties that combine their own style and personality with the familiarity and reassurance of Hilton.”
Properties recently added and soon joining the Tapestry Collection by Hilton portfolio:
(Opened April 2018): Located in historic downtown Wilmington, North Carolina, Hotel Ballast Wilmington boasts design and décor heavily inspired by the local nautical history and natural elements of Cape Fear River. Overlooking the Cape Fear River, Board & Barrel Coastal Kitchen offers locally sourced ingredients with Southern flair, craft cocktails and live weekend entertainment. (Opening June 2018): Nestled in the heart of Pigeon Forge, Tennessee with scenic mountain or river views, Black Fox Lodge offers an outdoor, heated pool and fire pit, ideal for relaxation after a day of exploring nearby attractions including Dollywood, Great Smoky National Park and LeConte Center. (Opening June 2018): A one-of-a-kind hotel in the Gratz Park garden district, The Sire embodies Lexington's uncompromising love for rarified yet rustic living. This completely renovated historic property is filled with world-class amenities to offer a unique, upscale experience for the modern traveler and its central location makes for an easy walk to popular attractions in the Horse Capital of the World.
All hotels within the Curio Collection and Tapestry Collection portfolios are a part of Hilton Honors, the award-winning guest-loyalty program for Hilton's 14 distinct hotel brands. Members who book directly have access to instant benefits, including a flexible payment slider that allows members to choose nearly any combination of Points and money to book a stay, an exclusive member discount, free standard Wi-Fi and access to the Hilton Honors mobile app.
For more news on hotel openings and signings, visit news.curiocollection.com and news.tapestrycollection.com.
1USA Today and Condé Nast Traveler
About Curio Collection by Hilton
Curio Collection by Hilton is an upper upscale, global portfolio of more than 50 one-of-a-kind hotels and resorts handpicked for their unique character. Curio Collection properties appeal to travelers seeking unexpected and authentic experiences, and the benefits of Hilton's award-winning guest loyalty program, Hilton Honors. Read the latest brand and property stories at news.curiocollection.com; discover Curio Collection destinations through the eyes of locals with 48-hour itineraries at citiesbycurio.com; and connect with Curio Collection on Facebook, Instagram and Twitter.
About Tapestry Collection by Hilton
Tapestry Collection by Hilton, which launched in 2017, is a portfolio of original, upscale hotels that caters to guests seeking value in their independent hotel choices. Every Tapestry Collection property is unique, while each stay is backed by the reassurance of the Hilton name and award-winning Hilton Honors program. Learn more about Hilton's newest brand at news.tapestrycollection.com and connect with Tapestry Collection by Hilton on Facebook, Instagram and Twitter.
About Hilton
Hilton (NYSE: HLT) is a leading global hospitality company, with a portfolio of 14 world-class brands comprising more than 5,300 properties with more than 863,000 rooms, in 106 countries and territories. Hilton is dedicated to fulfilling its mission to be the world's most hospitable company by delivering exceptional experiences – every hotel, every guest, every time. The company's portfolio includes Hilton Hotels & Resorts, Waldorf Astoria Hotels & Resorts, Conrad Hotels & Resorts, Canopy by Hilton, Curio Collection by Hilton, DoubleTree by Hilton, Tapestry Collection by Hilton, Embassy Suites by Hilton, Hilton Garden Inn, Hampton by Hilton, Tru by Hilton, Homewood Suites by Hilton, Home2 Suites by Hilton and Hilton Grand Vacations. The company also manages an award-winning customer loyalty program, Hilton Honors. Hilton Honors members who book directly through preferred Hilton channels have access to instant benefits, including a flexible payment slider that allows members to choose exactly how many Points to combine with money, an exclusive member discount that can't be found anywhere else, and free standard Wi-Fi. Visit newsroom.hilton.com for more information, and connect with Hilton on Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, Instagram and YouTube.
View source version on businesswire.com:https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180530006132/en/
CONTACT: Emily Montgomery
Hilton
+1 703-883-5257
Emily.Montgomery@Hilton.com
KEYWORD: UNITED STATES NORTH AMERICA VIRGINIA
INDUSTRY KEYWORD: TRAVEL DESTINATIONS VACATION LODGING CONSTRUCTION & PROPERTY COMMERCIAL BUILDING & REAL ESTATE
SOURCE: Curio Collection by Hilton and Tapestry Collection by Hilton
Copyright Business Wire 2018.
PUB: 05/30/2018 01:15 PM/DISC: 05/30/2018 01:15 PM
http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180530006132/en
A. I actually think it was less about Weinstein and more about the women who chose to speak out. This was one of the few, perhaps only, cases in recent history where the victims were vastly more famous than the abuser — and I think that was one of the many factors that contributed to the explosion. Social media played a part in the ripple effect, continuing to spread the message and to shift the conversation away from those famous women to the rest of us. And the rest of us are key to this. The #MeToo movement has sustained because sexual assault and harassment is a universal experience.
While debating sexual harassment legislation in Parliament this week, some of the legislators expressed concern that the #MeToo movement might flame out as rapidly as it rose up. What will it take to affect sustained changes?
I think we've already seen that that's not the case. As journalists, we so often wait for when reader fatigue sets in, when our audience tires of a particular story line or the next scoop comes along. That truly hasn't happened in this case. The stories keep coming, the complicity continues to be uncovered, and the major shift I've seen is the focus from pure accusations to what's next. In what ways have policy not kept up with the times? If we know that most sexual harassment training doesn't work — which we do — how will institutions work to eradicate the behavior? I don't think this conversation is going away, but I do think it will shift from problem to solution.
Are Americans paying any attention to the debates in Canada and elsewhere in the world?
I think that social media has helped keep the conversation global. In France it was #BalanceTonPorc, in Spain and Latin America #YoTambien, in Italy #QuellaVoltaChe, in Israel #גםאנחנו—#MeToo has stretched from Canada to China.
Ms. Bennett will be coming to Toronto on Feb. 21, along with Jodi Kantor and Emily Steel, The Times journalists who broke the Harvey Weinstein and Bill O'Reilly stories, for a discussion about the current social reckoning. It will be moderated by Catherine Porter, the Toronto bureau chief, and held at the Rotman School of Management at the University of Toronto. You can order tickets here, and there is a special price for Times subscribers.
Through the Reader Center, Ms. Kantor is also asking readers for examples of changes they've seen or experienced on how sexual harassment is being dealt with and would welcome your contributions.
Read: In Canada, a ‘Perfect Storm' for a #MeToo Reckoning
Attend: Journalism and the #MeToo Moment
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Contribute: What Changes Do You See in Tackling Sexual Harassment?
Sign Up: The #MeeToo Moment
Audio Times
Photo
One of The Times's most successful recent ventures is “The Daily,” the podcast hosted by Michael Barbaro. It marked its first anniversary this week. (There was cake in New York and Washington but none of it made its way up here.) During the past year “The Daily” been downloaded an astonishing 200 million times and it was the most popular new podcast in 2017 in Apple Podcasts.
The guests for its birthday week included Dan Bilefsky, my colleague who is based in Montreal and who spoke about asylum seekers entering Canada from the United States.
Listen: ‘The Daily:' Testing Canada's Welcome
Subscribe (free): “The Daily”
House Hunting
Photo
Interest rate increases by the Bank of Canada and new tests to make sure that mortgage holders can withstand them prompted predictions that Canada's housing market might cool down. So far, however, that has not happened.
Within that context the On The Market feature of our Real Estate section headed out to take a look at two condos in Toronto.
Read: Homes for Sale in Toronto
Second Chance
When Toronto celebrated being among the 20 finalists in Amazon's hunt to build its second head office, about a dozen other Canadians cities registered disappointment. But their bids may not be a lost cause. Nick Wingfield reported that Amazon may use the losing bids to plan future investments in warehouses and satellite offices. Someone familiar with the process told Mr. Wingfield that Montreal stood out because of “its thinking about attracting foreign talent to the region.”
Read: How Amazon Benefits From Losing Cities' HQ2 Bids
You Speak Out on Nafta
Photo
A large number of Canada Letter readers replied to my request for your thoughts about Canada and the North American Free Trade Agreement. Kelly Virella has put together a selection of your considered and informative replies for the Reader Center.
Below are a couple of highlights.
From Tom Roach, Waterloo, Ontario:
“The real issue is not Nafta. Our politicians and pundits have been explaining for years that the old manufacturing jobs are gone for good: Canada needs to look in other directions if it is to grow.”
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
From Dale Coles, Harrison Hot Springs, British Columbia:
“I will always buy Canadian first whenever possible. However as the current U.S. administration becomes more belligerent toward Canada, I tend to look beyond the U.S. more often for my needs, even when the products are equal.”
Read: ‘It's Time for Canada to Grow Up': As Nafta Talks Close, Canadians Take Stock
Read: Signs of Progress in Nafta Talks but Countries Remain Deeply Divided
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
More Second Chances
The Canadian government won't reveal its plans for dealing with past criminal convictions related to marijuana until after legalized sales start, something currently scheduled for late June. And, for now, the police continue to make arrests related to marijuana purchases.
But several places in the United States have taken steps to wipe out previous convictions and others are openly debating the issue.
Read: San Francisco Will Clear Thousands of Marijuana Convictions
Mascots That Offend
In 2016, Douglas Cardinal, the prominent architect and Indigenous activist of Métis, Blackfoot and Algonquin background, unsuccessfully sought a court order blocking the Cleveland Indians from using their name and their Chief Wahoo logo at a playoff game in Toronto. This week, after years of protests, the team announced this week that it will abandon Chief Wahoo, an over the top cartoon stereotype that was widely seen as racist.
But that may not be the end of the cartoonish caricature. The University of Illinois dumped its mascot, Chief Illiniwek, in 2007. But Mitch Smith found that the mascot, and the debate surrounding it, have not gone away.
Read: Cleveland Indians Will Abandon Chief Wahoo Logo Next Year
Watch: Chief Wahoo Is Out. These Logos Remain.
Read: Good Riddance to Chief Wahoo
Read: An Indian ‘Chief' Mascot Was Dropped. A Decade Later, He's Still Lurking.
February Netflix
The beginning of another month means a fresh round of recommendations of Netflix Canada's offerings from Watching, the Times's guide to television and movies. “‘The Final Year,” a documentary about the Obama administration's last foreign policy moves, looks particularly compelling.
Read: Watching, The Best Movies and TV Shows New to Netflix Canada in February
Centre Ice
—Many National Hockey League stars are bittersweet about not participating at the upcoming Olympics.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
—But keeping the N.H.L. stars at home has opened the door to the possibility of exciting underdog stories from the Olympics.
Trans Canada
—The last wish of a member of Parliament before his death means that after decades of failed attempts, the English version of “O Canada” will soon be gender neutral.
—Thomson Reuters, which is controlled by Canada's wealthiest family, has reached a $20 billion deal to sell control of its business information and data service to a group that includes Blackstone, the Canada Pension Plan Investment Board and a sovereign wealth fund set up by Singapore's government. The Thomson family will keep its hold on the venerable Reuters news service, however.
—The police now say that Bruce McArthur, who was originally charged with two murders, may have killed at least five people and used planters to hide human remains.
Bitcoin Price Watch; Here's What Happened Today And What's Next
Another day done in the bitcoin price, and this one's been pretty dull. Price action throughout the session hasn't been particularly inspiring, and not only that, it's not really told us anything about what we can expect throughout the remainder of the evening. We did manage to get into a quick short position, and this … Continue reading Bitcoin Price Watch; Here's What Happened Today And What's Next
The post Bitcoin Price Watch; Here's What Happened Today And What's Next appeared first on NEWSBTC.
This post was syndicated from NEWSBTC. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Getty Image
Pleasing fans is a tough job, maybe even one of the toughest in the world. For entertainers, it's easy to feel unappreciated at work, especially when your de facto boss is your fanbase, who, yes, can be supportive, but can also be hypercritical, fickle, determinedly cynical, and worst of all, jaded. I know from experience that it can be so frustrating to look at a stalled career as a performer and determine that if only people were a little more fair and forgiving, you'd be further along. Or, at the very least, you'd have an album out.
So, I can see where Tinashe is coming from with some of her comments from an interview with The Guardian that found its way into social media's crosshairs yesterday. However, the truth of the matter is that in the case of Tinashe, it's not her fans who have dropped the ball. As a fan, I can say with confidence that her management team just hasn't done that great of a job marketing and promoting her as an artist.
I was not talking about colorism in the industry. This is taken out of context. — TINASHE (@Tinashe) June 13, 2017
Now, while she says her comments were taken out of context — she definitely wasn't blaming colorism for her career status — Tinashe certainly makes some good points about the music industry, its practices, and the way we consume media now. The way the pop music world currently works, there's only so much attention span to go around, and the bigger brand artists with higher name recognition tend to suck the air out the room, both in terms of bandwidth listeners are willing to dedicate to streaming new releases, and how much major label marketing departments are going to budget to increasing social awareness of a project's existence. Even online publications that cover music are beholden to committing more print space to artists that generate more interest — you know, like Beyonce and Rihanna — and keep the lights on, so to speak.
Where her complaint breaks down — and here's where the employee has to take a little accountability for not doing her job — is that Rihanna and Beyonce are legacies of a pre-social world, when the only artists who could get airplay or significant market share had major label machinery behind them. Tinashe is solidly a product of the internet mixtape era, just like contemporaries Jhene Aiko, SZA, and FKA Twigs, who have helped her to jam pack the whisper-singing, ethereal, Tumblr-introvert-favorite, hippie, black girl lane practically to bursting. All of them had self-released mixtapes as well, and most released them right around the same time. They are also all decidedly further along career-wise than Tinashe is at the moment.
The Philadelphia Eagles will not have tight ended Zach Ertz, scratched against the Los Angeles Rams as he remains in the NFL's concussion protocol.
Ertz took a big hit in the Eagles' loss at Seattle last weekend. The California native had hoped to play, and he's also the Eagles' leading receiver with 57 catches for 663 yards and seven touchdowns.
The Jacksonville Jaguars will be without speedy linebacker Telvin Smith because of a concussion. It could be a significant loss against scrambling Seattle quarterback Russell Wilson.
Smith will miss his second straight game and remains in the league's concussion program. Smith had been listed as questionable to play.
The Seahawks will be without defensive end Dion Jordan (neck), who also had been questionable. Seattle running back Eddie Lacy was a healthy scratch.
Broncos nose tackle Domata Peko is missing his second straight game after starting 123 straight. He's been bothered by a knee injury.
——
PHILADELPHIA-LOS ANGELES RAMS
Eagles: OT Will Beatty, TE Zach Ertz, WR Marcus Johnson, DT Elijah Qualls, RB Wendell Smallwood, QB Nate Sudfeld, LB Joe Walker.
Rams: QB Brandon Allen, WR Robert Woods, RB Lance Dunbar, RB Justin Davis, OLB Carlos Thompson, T Cornelius Lucas, OLB Connor Barwin.
——
SEATTLE-JACKSONVILLE
Seahawks: SS Kam Chancellor, DE Dion Jordan, RB Eddie Lacy, C Joey Hunt, G Oday Aboushi, WR David Moore, DT Nazair Jones.
Jaguars: LB Telvin Smith, WR Allen Hurns, CB Jalen Myrick, DL Eli Ankou, G Chris Reed, OT Josh Walker, OT William Poehls.
——
TENNESSEE-ARIZONA
Titans: QB Brandon Weeden, CB Kalan Reed, DB Curtis Riley, OL Corey Levin, WR Harry Douglas, TE Luke Stocker, LB Derrick Morgan.
Cardinals: QB Matt Barkley, WR John Brown, WR Carlton Agudosi, RB Adrian Peterson, RB Bronson Hill, C Max Tuerk, DL Corey Peters.
——
NEW YORK JETS-DENVER
Jets: QB Christian Hackenberg, CB Derrick Jones, LB Freddie Bishop, LB Bruce Carter, OT Ben Ijalana, OL Jonotthan Harrison, CB Jeremy Clark.
Broncos: QB Paxton Lynch, CB Brendan Langley, RB De'Angelo Henderson, G Ron Leary, T Cyrus Kouandjio, NT Domata Peko, KR/WR Isaiah McKenzie.
——
WASHINGTON-LOS ANGELES CHARGERS
Redskins: WR Maurice Harris, WR Robert Davis, S Montae Nicholson, OG Kyle Kalis, C Chase Roullier, TE Jordan Reed, DL Terrell McClain
Chargers: QB Cardale Jones, WR Geremy Davis, RB Branden Oliver, LB James Onwualu, OT Michael Ola, TE Sean Culkin, DE Jerry Attaochu.
——
DALLAS-NEW YORK GIANTS
Cowboys: DL David Irving, CB Orlando Scandrick, LB Justin Durant, WR Brice Butler, RB Trey Williams, DT Daniel Ross, TE Blake Jarwin.
Giants: OT Justin Pugh, LB B.J Goodson, WR Travis Rudolph, CB Eli Apple, WR Tavarres King, QB Davis Webb, DT Khyri Thornton.
——
INDIANAPOLIS-BUFFALO
Colts: WR Donte Moncrief, TE Darrell Daniels, C Ryan Kelly, CB Rashaan Melvin, RB Matt Jones, OT Tyreek Burwell, DT Hassan Ridgeway.
Bills: QB Tyrod Taylor, CB Leonard Johnson, OLs Cordy Glenn, Seantrel Henderson and John Miller, TE Khari Lee and WR Brandon Reilly.
——
OAKLAND-KANSAS CITY
Raiders: OL Jon Feliciano, LB Cory James, DL Jihad Ware, CB David Amerson, WR Isaac Whitney, RT Jylan Ware, QB Connor Cook.
Chiefs: CB Marcus Peters, C Mitch Morse, RG Parker Ehinger, QB Tyler Bray, SS Eric Murray, DT Justin Hamilton.
——
MINNESOTA-CAROLINA
Vikings: QB Kyle Sloter, WR Stacy Coley, C Pat Elflein, OT Mike Remmers, TE David Morgan, DE Tashawn Bower, DT Jaleel Johnson.
Panthers: LB Shaq Thompson, C Tyler Larsen, QB Garrett Gilbert, CB LaDarius Gunter, FB Alex Armah, OT Amini Silatolu, DE Zach Moore.
——
SAN FRANCISCO-HOUSTON
49ers: RB Jeremy McNichols, DB Antone Exum, Jr., LB Pita Taumoepenu, OL Trent Brown, DL Leger Douzable, DL D.J. Jones, DL Ronald Blair III.
Texans: WR Braxton Miller (concussion), WR Cobi Hamilton, RB Alfred Blue, LB Jelani Jenkins, OT Julien Davenport, OLB Ufomba Kamalu, NT Chunky Clements.
——
GREEN BAY-CLEVELAND
Packers: RB Devante Mays, CB Demetri Goodson, LB Nick Perry, T Ulrick John, G/T Adam Pankey, WR Michael Clark, LB Chris Odom.
Browns: QB Cody Kessler, WR Bryce Treggs, CB Briean Boddy-Calhoun, S Jabrill Peppers, DL Danny Shelton, OL Marcus Martin and TE Matt Lengel.
——
DETROIT-TAMPA BAY
Lions: WR Bradley Marquez, RB Ameer Abdullah, RB Dwayne Washington, CB Jamal Agnew, LB Nick Bellone, T Rick Wagner, T Emmett Cleary.
Buccaneers: QB Ryan Griffin, DB Josh Robinson, CB Vernon Hargreaves III, S T.J. Ward, OL Mike Liedtke, WR Bobo Wilson, DT Clinton McDonald.
——
CHICAGO-CINCINNATI
Bears: QB Mark Sanchez, DB Adrian Amos, DL Eddie Goldman, DB DeAndre Houston-Carson, OL Cameron Lee, LB Pernell McPhee, RB Taquan Mizzell.
Bengals: CB Dre Kirkpatrick, RB Joe Mixon, S Shawn Williams, LB Vontaze Burfict, LB Nick Vigil, G Christian Westerman, DT Josh Tupou.
——
For more NFL coverage: http://www.pro32.ap.org and http://www.twitter.com/AP–NFL .
Feb. 2, 2018 — The University of Wyoming lists eight students from Uinta County on the 2017 fall semester President's Honor Roll.
The President's Honor Roll consists of regularly enrolled undergraduates who earned a 4.0 (“A”) grade-point average for the semester. To be eligible, students must have been enrolled for a minimum of 12 credit hours taken for letter grades.
For more information about the University of Wyoming, view the web page at: www.uwyo.edu/.
Students are:
Evanston
Tyler J. Barker
Austin Scott Berg
Carson Marie Hutchinson
Parker Bret LaFond
Sarah Frakes Stinnett
Corey Vetos
Lyman
Hazen S. Dickerson
Mountain View
Aubrey N. Newton
The complete list of students on the honor roll can be found on the web at www.uwyo.edu/uw/news/index.html and scroll to “Students in the News.”
So, we have some suggestion on how you can support your loved ones or a friend who have diabetes to fast with confidence.
Nestle Health Science collaborated with the National Heart Institute (IJN) to create a special educational guide to support diabetics to fast safely and to also take charge of their blood sugar level. Here are some tips on making sure you're fasting with care!
SALISBURY, N.C. — Food Lion celebrated the remodeling of 93 stores in the Greensboro, N.C., market on August 2 with ribbon-cutting ceremonies and gift card giveaways. Officials at the Ahold Delhaize banner said the remodels are part of a $178 million investment in the Greensboro market that includes lower prices and the hiring of hundreds of associates.
Greensboro is the fifth market to get store upgrades as part of a strategy called “Easy, Fresh and Affordable … You Can Count on Food Lion Every Day!” The strategy entails storewide enhancements from the expansion of product assortments to customer-centric training for associates and investments in lower prices. The initiative, which ultimately will involve the rebranding of the chain's more than 1,000 stores in 10 states in the Southeast and Mid-Atlantic regions, was launched in 2014 in North Carolina in the Greater Wilmington and Greenville markets. It continued the next year with upgrades in and around Raleigh. Last year, the chain's stores in Charlotte were remodeled.
“Food Lion has been a proud neighbor in the Greater Greensboro community since 1968, and we're excited to bring these improvements to our 93 stores in the area,” Food Lion president Meg Ham said in a statement. “We've spent the past several months making significant investments in our stores, customers, associates and communities to create a new grocery shopping experience. Now customers can easily find fresh, quality products at affordable prices to nourish their families, delivered with caring, friendly service every time they shop.
“As Food Lion celebrates our 60th anniversary this year, we invite everyone to come out and experience the fresh, new changes we've made in order to deliver the products and services our customers expect.”
Shoppers at the remodeled stores will be able to get in and out more quickly and will find a more varied assortment in the stores, including a broadened selection of local products, healthy snacks and natural and organic food.
Pennsylvania State Police are looking for a driver they say struck a man early Sunday and then fled.
Troopers were called a little before 2 a.m. for a man found on Holbens Valley Road, near Hillside Court, in Weisenberg Township who had been struck by a car.
Troopers said the victim is a 24-year-old New Tripoli man; they did not provide details on the victim's injuries or if he was hospitalized.
MORE: Cops: Machete-wielding man inside car slashes owner's neck
The car was described as a light-colored Mercedes-Benz hatchback with damage to the vehicle. It was last seen traveling westbound on Holbens Valley Road, troopers said.
Anyone with information is asked to call Trooper Kyle Bernardinucci at the Fogelsville barracks at 610-395-1438.
A message left for the trooper asking about the victim was not immediately returned.
Sarah Cassi may be reached at scassi@lehighvalleylive.com. Follow her on Twitter @SarahCassi. Find lehighvalleylive.com on Facebook.
Tuesday - Thundery showers mainly over northern and eastern Singapore in the afternoon.
Wednesday - Late morning and early afternoon thundery showers.
Cologne's police chief says he regrets his force's use of the term "Nafris" to describe North Africans in a New Year's Eve tweet, but dismissed suggestions it engaged in racial profiling.
Officers stopped hundreds of North African men heading into downtown Cologne on Saturday to prevent a repeat of sexual assaults that marred New Year's celebrations a year earlier.
The department wrote on Twitter: "Hundreds of Nafris screened at main railway station."
Critics accused police of stopping people on their appearance alone. Opposition Green party co-leader Simone Peter told the Rheinische Post the term "Nafris" was "completely unacceptable."
Police Chief Juergen Matthies said Monday the department has used the term internally since 2013 to describe young North Africans regarded as particularly violent or criminal. He says it wasn't meant for public use.
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
(AP Photo/Matt Rourke, File). FILE - In this May 16, 2012, file photo, the Facebook logo is displayed on an iPad in Philadelphia. Facebook suspended Cambridge Analytica, a data-analysis firm that worked for President Donald Trump's 2016 campaign, over...
NEW YORK (AP) - The Latest on Cambridge Analytica's use of Facebook data (all times local):
4:10 p.m.
Data from the Federal Election Commission show that Cambridge Analytica, the firm under fire for inappropriately obtaining Facebook data, earned $5.9 million in 2016 from the campaign to elect Donald Trump for president.
Cambridge also earned $5.8 million from Sen. Ted Cruz's failed presidential campaign.
Cambridge is under increasing scrutiny after newspapers reported the firm obtained data on 50 million Facebook users without their knowledge to subject them to political messages. The company is funded in part by Trump supporter and billionaire financier Robert Mercer.
Facebook suspended the company from using its services Friday, hours before the reports came out.
In total, Cambridge Analytica earned more than $16 million from 2014 to 2016 from nearly 20 Republican candidates and political committees.
___
3:55 p.m.
A newspaper editor says Facebook had threatened to sue The Observer and its sibling The Guardian over its investigation of a Trump-affiliated data-mining firm, Cambridge Analytica.
Stories in The Guardian and The New York Times detail how Cambridge Analytica used an app to obtain user data on some 50 million people without their knowledge in order to subject them to political propaganda. John Mulholland, The Observer's outgoing editor, discloses the lawsuit threat in a Friday tweet .
A Facebook spokesman says the company sent a letter to the Observer to make the case "that this did not represent a data breach." He didn't respond to questions about whether Facebook threatened legal action.
___
3:40 p.m.
Facebook makes it easy for advertisers to target users based on nuanced information about them. But experts say it's difficult to conclude whether data collection by a Trump-affiliated political firm, Cambridge Analytica, influenced the election.
Jonathan Albright of Columbia University says for this to change Facebook would have to reveal the questions on the psychological profile quiz - or quizzes - that its users took. Then researchers could begin to determine how this data was used to target people.
McKenzie Funk, an Open Society fellow and journalist, has outlined how Cambridge Analytica could have used such psychosocial profiling. In a November 2016 op-ed in The New York Times, he writes that President Donald Trump's digital team used hyper-targeted posts to serve different ads to different potential voters, "aiming to push the exact right buttons" at the right time.
___
3:15 p.m.
Facebook says it has hired an outside firm to audit Cambridge Analytica regarding the reported data scraping of as many as 50 million user accounts.
Facebook said on Monday that Cambridge has agreed to give the digital forensics firm Stroz Friedberg "complete access to their servers and systems."
The audit, Facebook says, is to determine if the Facebook data the Cambridge collected still exists or if it's been destroyed.
Facebook has also approached two other individuals - former Cambridge employee-turned-whistleblower Christopher Wylie, and University of Cambridge professor Aleksandr Kogan, who did the scraping - to submit to audits as well.
Cambridge denies keeping data from Kogan's work. Facebook said it would be a "grave violation" of its policies if the data still exists.
___
1:15 p.m.
Experts are saying that Cambridge Analytica, the political firm under fire for inappropriately obtaining data from Facebook, isn't alone in its data-mining capability.
Robert Ricci, a marketing director at Blue Fountain Media, says what makes this case more insidious is its connection with possible elections meddling, something Facebook has been under scrutiny for.
Ricci says marketers are already using similar profiling techniques to sell products and services. What's different here is the use of data to try to influence who you are voting for - or whether you are voting at all.
Cambridge Analytica, whose clients have included Donald Trump's presidential campaign, reportedly used the data of 50 million Facebook customers without permission to build psychological profiles so voters could be targeted with ads and stories.
___
1 p.m.
The head of the European Union's parliament says the bloc will investigate Facebook over the use of its data by a Trump-affiliated data-mining firm.
Cambridge Analytica, whose clients have included Donald Trump's presidential campaign, reportedly used the data of 50 million Facebook customers without permission to build psychological profiles so voters could be targeted with ads and stories.
Antonio Tajani tweeted on Monday: "Allegations of misuse of Facebook user data is an unacceptable violation of our citizens' privacy rights. The European Parliament will investigate fully, calling digital platforms to account." Tajani, who is president of the EU parliament, hasn't provided details.
U.K. lawmakers have already called on Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg to testify before a parliamentary committee about this case.
___
12:35 p.m.
Facebook is having its worst trading day since 2012 as details emerge about how a data mining company working for the Trump campaign improperly obtained and kept data on tens of millions of users during the 2016 election.
A former employee of Cambridge Analytica said Monday on NBC's "Today" that the group identified voters who might be swayed and "injected content" that may or may not be true. Late Friday, Facebook said it would ban Cambridge Analytica, saying the company improperly obtained information from 270,000 people who downloaded a purported research app described as a personality test. Facebook first learned of the breach more than two years ago, but hasn't disclosed it until now.
Facebook shares sank $13.43 in midday trading, putting the stock on pace for its biggest one-day fall since August 2012 and dragging down the rest of the technology sector, with fears rising of increased government regulation.
Alphabet, Google's parent company, lost almost 3 percent and Microsoft fell almost 2 percent.
_______
11:30 a.m.
A former employee of a Trump-affiliated data-mining firm says it used algorithms that "took fake news to the next level" using data inappropriately obtained from Facebook.
Chris Wylie says the firm, Cambridge Analytica, secured personal data in order to learn about individuals and then used it to create an information cocoon to change their perceptions.
He says the firm used "informational dominance" to capture every channel of information around a person to surround them with curated information, changing their perception of what's actually happening.
In an interview Monday on NBC's "Today," Wylie said Cambridge Analytica aimed to "explore mental vulnerabilities of people.
While Wylie said he doesn't know to what extent Trump's campaign used the techniques, he said Trump's former campaign manager Corey Lewandowski was meeting with Cambridge Analytica in 2015, before Trump even announced his run for office.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Chief Accounting Officer (CAO) at XpatFunds – Akwa Ibom
XpatFunds, is recruiting to fill the position of: Chief Accounting Officer (CAO). The position is located in Uyo, Akwa Ibom State. Interested candidates should possess a first degree/HND in any of the Social Sciences, with at least 3 years work experience.
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Hotnigerianjobs.com. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
The Roomba of the tennis court? Ball-retreiving Tennibot launches on Kickstarter
Newly launched on Kickstarter, the Tennibot is a new robot that can be used on the tennis court to automatically retrieve tennis balls, saving time and effort by players, coaches, and tennis pros who usually have to do this tedious work.
The post The Roomba of the tennis court? Ball-retreiving Tennibot launches on Kickstarter appeared first on Digital Trends.
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Digital Trends. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
SWITCHING FOCUS to the Ladbrokes Challenge Cup might be what Leeds Rhinos need to refresh their season, full-back Jack Walker believes.
They take on Championship side Leigh Centurions in a quarter-final tie, to be played at Featherstone Rovers' LD Nutrition Stadium, tomorrow.
Jack Walker.
Two more wins would send Leeds, who are on a three-game losing run in Betfred Super League, to Wembley for the first time since 2015.
With the defending champions sitting sixth in the league, the Cup may be their best hope of silverware and Walker described the knockout competition as “massive for us”.
He said: “We're not doing too well in the league, we have got a few things to work on and it's a chance for us to get a bit of momentum and confidence to build into some of the games in the league. We will be looking to do that.”
Relegated last year, Leigh are sixth in the Championship, but have lost only once – to leaders Toronto Wolfpack last week – in 12 games.
Any team can beat you so we have got to be on our game and be at our best. Jack Walker
They beat Super League Salford Red Devils in the sixth round and Walker insisted nobody in the Rhinos camp is taking tomorrow's game for granted.
“It is a mental challenge,” he warned.
“Any team can beat you so we have got to be on our game and be at our best.”
Walker, 18, made his Leeds debut in a Challenge Cup fourth-round tie against Doncaster last year.
He was a member of Rhinos' 2017 Grand Final-winning squad and playing in a team struggling to find form is a new experience.
He said: “I am always learning.
“It is a tough period, but the main thing is we all stick together.
“We will go through it together and come out on top at some point.
“Until then we've just got to keep plugging away and keep going.”
Rhinos are playing well in patches and Walker added: “We've just got to maintain it.
“Against Catalans we came out and didn't really do much and they dominated for a good 20 minutes.
“We left too big a gap to get back into the game.
“We went through a patch when we were playing really well, but it was too much to catch back up.
“It is important we get a good start this week, especially because it's at a different ground.”
With Emerald Headingley unavailable due to Test cricket being staged there, Rhinos opted to move the tie to their dual-registration partner club.
Walker described the loss of home advantage as “another mental challenge”, but predicted: “I think we will do all right.”
The youngster defied a knee injury to play the full 80 minutes of last Saturday's 33-20 defeat at Catalans Dragons, but said he expects to be available tomorrow.
“My knee was quite sore after the game, but it has settled down,” he said.
“I should be all right for this week.”
(AP) – AOL announced Friday that it is discontinuing its pioneering Instant Messenger chat platform after 20 years of service.
An article on AOL's website posted Friday says AOL Instant Messenger will be discontinued on Dec. 15. In a blog post , a spokesman for AOL's parent company explained the platform's demise as the casualty of the evolving way people communicate.
“AIM tapped into new digital technologies and ignited a cultural shift, but the way in which we communicate with each other has profoundly changed,” wrote Michael Albers, vice president of communications at Oath.
The program will still function until Dec. 15 After that date, users won't be able to sign in and all data will be deleted. AOL says people with an aim.com email address will still be able to use it.
Launched in 1997, AOL Instant Messenger was at the forefront of what was called at the time the biggest trend in online communication since email.
The platform, which provided instant access to friends and contacts on a user's “buddy list,” was wildly popular for the first few years after its launch. It claimed more than 100 million registered users in 2001.
AOL was fiercely protective of its dominance in the instant messaging market. It fended off rivals, including Microsoft, by blocking their messaging platforms from communicating with AOL users. Its actions prompted a coalition of rivals to complain to the federal government ahead of AOL's ill-fated merger with Time Warner that was completed in 2001.
Its popularity as a communication tool waned amid the rise of text messaging, Google Chat and social networking sites.
Despite the decline in usage, the announcement Friday made the platform a trending topic online and revealed an outpouring of nostalgia. Some users posted images of the AIM's famous “running man” logo outfitted with wings and a halo. Others reminisced.
In his post, Albers noted the strong affinity many feel for the messaging platform and its place in the evolution of communication.
“In the late 1990s, the world had never seen anything like it,” he wrote.
Unmetered 45KVA electricity users can ignore estimation, not residential – ANED
Daily Trust
The Association of Nigerian Electricity Distributors (ANED) said the directive that unmetered customers should stop paying estimated bills applies only to large power users from 45KVA, and not for residential customers. In a statement on Wednesday …
and more »
Air New Zealand grounded two of its Boeing 787-9s April 21 for what could be an extended period after some of the 787 fleet's engines failed inspections directed by safety regulators.
Four of the carrier's Rolls-Royce Trent 1000 engines have had to be sent to a Rolls facility in Singapore for repairs, an airline spokesperson told ATW's sister publication Aviation Daily. After swapping some of the Trent 1000s within the fleet, two of the carrier's 11 787-9s will be left without engines.
The latest inspections were carried out after the FAA and European Aviation Safety Agency (EASA), in collaboration with the manufacturer, identified new concerns with intermediate pressure compressor blade fatigue and cracking. The issue requires more urgent attention than had previously been advised, the regulators said.
Operating restrictions and additional inspections were ordered by the FAA and EASA, and other national aviation authorities, including New Zealand's, have endorsed these actions. The new measures apply to the Package C series of Trent 1000s with more than 300 cycles. Air New Zealand had nine engines in this category, and all have now been inspected.
The airline noted that because of the large number of engines affected globally, there is “very high demand on Rolls-Royce's maintenance facility meaning it may take a number of months before Air New Zealand's engine repair work can be completed.” Rolls-Royce has said that the newest inspection requirements apply to 380 engines.
Air New Zealand has already been reshuffling its fleet and making changes to its schedule to accommodate the inspections and operating restrictions, which reduced the limits for flights using extended-range twin-engine operations performance standards (ETOPS). Many flights have had to be rescheduled, and some canceled. More schedule changes will be announced in coming days.
The carrier is also planning to bring in extra aircraft, and will once again lease aircraft from European operator Hi Fly next month. Air New Zealand wet-leased two widebodies from Hi Fly recently to cover for previous 787 engine issues, although these have now been returned. Aviation Daily understands the airline is considering dry-leasing some 777s in the longer-term, although the source of these aircraft is unknown.
Air New Zealand “remains fully compliant with the directives” from the FAA, EASA and Rolls-Royce, said David Morgan, the carrier's chief operational integrity and standards officer. “Like Air New Zealand, aviation regulators prioritize safety over everything else and EASA and FAA have taken a very conservative approach in the checks and restrictions they've put in place around these engines,” Morgan said.
Adrian Schofield, avweekscho@gmail.com
UBA Shareholders Approve 2017 Final Dividend – The Tide
BusinessDay UBA Shareholders Approve 2017 Final Dividend
The Tide
United Bank for Africa (UBA), has endorsed the payment of N22.23 billion final dividends declared by the board for the financial year ended December 31, 2017. The Tide source reports that the shareholders gave the approval at the bank's 56th Annual …
UBA Rewards Staff THISDAY Newspapers
all 3 news articles »
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Business - Google News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Eric Abidal excited to be re-signing for Barcelona
Tribal Football
Former Barça player Abidal was at the club between 2007 and 2013 and told the Barça TV "it's a joy to return to officially form part of the club. We had been talking for a while and now today it's gone through." Abidal added that "as ambassador I am …
and more »
If Carter Phillips' basketball career continues on the same upward path it has taken in the last year, then opponents of Catawba College are in trouble.
Phillips began his senior season at North Surry as a returning All-Conference performer on a team expected to defend its Western Piedmont Athletic Conference title. Then he gunned in 41 points, along with nine rebounds and five assists, in a win over Westchester Country Day on the day after Thanksgiving. The win came in a showcase in front of dozens of talent scouts and college recruiters, and marked the 6'3” guard as a man to watch in the upcoming season.
And there was plenty to watch.
Phillips displayed an all-around game better than he ever had before. During the course of the season, he had six more games of 30 or more points, averaged 22.9 points and 7.9 rebounds for the season, and won WPAC Player of the Year honors even though his only real rival for the honor was a teammate. He was nominated to the AP All-State team, and ultimately led the Greyhounds all the way to the 2A state championship game.
The only thing that Phillips might want to change about his senior season was the ending, when North Surry lost in the finals to Northside-Jacksonville. Still, it was a 27-5 season that featured more success than any Greyhound team had enjoyed since the 1980s.
“Going to the state championship game my senior year was the highlight of my time here,” Phillips said. “We had a really good year. It would have been great to win the state championship, but we still had a good year.”
It was the final chapter of a journey that began when Phillips and his partner in the North Surry backcourt, Mason Hawks, first teamed up on a youth basketball team. The two, along with fellow senior Kendal Tucker, spent all of the next several years as teammates. All three of them made the North Surry varsity as freshmen. The Hounds won just 10 games that season, but vaulted to 21-5 in their sophomore season, which saw Phillips as the third-leading scorer on the team at 10 points per game. The 2015-16 season saw another 21 wins and another conference title, with Phillips pumping in 15.6 points and leading the team in rebounding at 6.7. He would have been a Player of the Year candidate, except that Hawks got it that season.
Going into his final season at North Surry, the dream of playing at the next level was there for Phillips, and he worked hard to make it a reality.
“It was just a lot of hard work, a lot of hours in the gym,” he said. “I started playing better at the start of the year and my confidence just went up. It all came down to hard work and confidence, really.”
North Surry won its first seven games of this season before losing on the road to 4A powerhouse Northwest Guilford. Sandwiched around that game were two wins over arch-rival and 1A West Regional runner-up Mount Airy. The Hounds beat other 4A teams in the South Data and Frank Spencer Holiday Classics. They had one hiccup after the New Year, when West Stokes upset them in the conference opener at the Ron King Gym.
A 16-game winning streak followed, which saw North Surry sweep the rest of its conference games and the WPAC Tournament. In the state playoffs, the Hounds won five games by double-digit margins before losing in the championship game at Reynolds Coliseum. But don't blame Phillips — he led North Surry with 26 points and eight rebounds.
On Jan. 25, Phillips, who had strongly considered Lees-McRae, announced he would instead sign with Catawba, a member of the South Atlantic Conference in the NCAA Division II ranks. In addition to the Indians and Lees-McRae, Phillips said he was pursued by Guilford, and had interest from several other schools but not a firm offer.
In the end, he said it was an easy choice for him to make.
“Catawba acted like they really wanted me,” he said. “It was a great family feel and I liked their coaches a lot.”
He'll be stepping into a program in solid shape. The Indians went 18-11 last year, their first winning season since 2008-09, and two of their three top scorers will be back for their senior seasons in the fall. Catawba plays a guard-oriented offense, and Phillips hopes to get into the mix early on.
“I just have to get there and earn it,” he said. “I'll be playing at the shooting guard position for them, some point guard if they need me to.”
Based on what he accomplished in high school, count on him earning quite a lot.
“I'll miss North Surry, but it's time for me to take the next step,” Phillips said.
North Surry guard Carter Phillips signed with Catawba College on Wednesday afternoon, following an outstanding senior season in which he won conference Player of the Year honors, led his team to the state championship game, and was nominated for All-State. Phillips is shown with his parents and coaches. http://mtairynews.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/04/web1_DSC_0002.jpg North Surry guard Carter Phillips signed with Catawba College on Wednesday afternoon, following an outstanding senior season in which he won conference Player of the Year honors, led his team to the state championship game, and was nominated for All-State. Phillips is shown with his parents and coaches. John Cate | The News Carter Phillips led the Greyhounds in scoring and rebounding as a senior. Here, he drives toward the basket in an early-season game against Reagan. http://mtairynews.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/04/web1_DSC_0938.jpg Carter Phillips led the Greyhounds in scoring and rebounding as a senior. Here, he drives toward the basket in an early-season game against Reagan. John Cate | The News Several Forest Hills defenders were too late to keep Carter Phillips from adding two more points to the North Surry side of the scoreboard in the West Regional final. http://mtairynews.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/04/web1_unnamed.jpg Several Forest Hills defenders were too late to keep Carter Phillips from adding two more points to the North Surry side of the scoreboard in the West Regional final. Jason Overby | Special to The News
North Surry guard will play college ball at Catawba
By John Cate [email protected]
Reach John via Twitter at @johncate73.
Reach John via Twitter at @johncate73.
YESTERDAY the Easter holidays came to an end in the most tragic way imaginable.
Two people lost their lives in a crash near Tiaro.
Those people should have been heading home, hopefully after a weekend of fun and family.
My heart goes out to their families and friends.
There is nothing worse than losing someone you love and words honestly mean nothing in this situation.
But I hope their loved ones get the support they need in the coming days and weeks.
Every Easter and Christmas, the police remind us of the fatal five and to take care on our roads.
But crashes still happen, tearing families apart and leaving people devastated.
It's a sobering reminder to all of us how easily a day on our roads can turn to horror.
There are things we can all do to avoid a crash, including avoiding distraction and inattention and keeping our eyes on the road, making sure we never drive under the influence, by wearing seatbelts and sticking to the speed limit.
Personally my great vulnerability on the road is fatigue.
When travelling long distances, especially on special occasions like Easter and Christmas, make sure you stop regularly and take break as often as necessary.
BA is, unsurprisingly, behind schedule with the roll out. Last April, it said customers in all cabins would "shortly" have access to WiFi on long-haul flights. Onboard connectivity would then be added to short-haul flights later that year, the company promised. (The latter will now commence "later this year," a BA spokesperson told Engadget today.) Admittedly, this is Europe's "first ever 4G high-speed inflight network," which presumably comes with some technical challenges. It's hard not to feel frustrated, though, when so many of BA's competitors offer WiFi around the world.
BA will offer two WiFi tiers: Browse and Stream. Browse starts at £4.99 and limits your usage to basic webpages, messaging apps and social media. Stream, as the name implies, is suitable for Netflix and other video streaming services, and will start at £7.99. Both services will be available 10 minutes after take-off, once the aircraft has reached a height of roughly 10,000 feet. The first hour is free but after that you'll need to sign up for one of the aforementioned packages. Browse nets you a minimum speed of 250Kbps, while Stream offers "no less than approximately 1Mbps."
What stands out about this year's model is that it has dual cameras -- an unusual feature at this price. A slew of $200 phones unveiled at CES all featured the same iPhone 7 Plus–like setup, but the Blade ZMax is the first to offer it for less than $150. With the pair of sensors on the back, you can take pictures with artificially blurred backgrounds to highlight your subject. The Blade ZMax's 16-megapixel RGB sensor captures color information, while its 2-megapixel monochrome counterpart takes care of details. During my brief time with the new handset, this system worked, blurring out chairs and desks in the background while keeping the man in the foreground crisp.
The Blade ZMax's images fall short of those taken with iPhone 7 Plus, though. Apple's software delivers cleaner, sharper pictures with better-defined edges between the subject and the background. Upon closer inspection, I also noticed a halo effect around the subject in shots taken with the Blade ZMax. It could be because I was using a defective unit, although ZTE hasn't responded to my question as to whether this was the case. Still, the artifact was minor enough to overlook, and I'm not going to nitpick about a device that costs less than a night out with friends.
There's really not much else to say about the Blade ZMax. Its rear is covered with a grippier dotted texture than its predecessor's matte cover, while its battery is now 4,080mAh, up from 3,400mAh on last year's model. Impressively, the phone is ever so slightly (0.03 inch) slimmer than its predecessor, despite that larger cell inside. But I still prefer the older handset's aesthetic, which featured a blue rear with rose gold accents. The new rubbery cover feels comfortable, but it looks dull.
ZTE also opted for Japanese company Asahi's Dragontail glass on its display instead of Corning's Gorilla Glass. We'd seen this material on the Neo Reloaded as well, but Dragontail hasn't shown up in other phones yet. From my time with the Blade ZMax, the different glass had no noticeable impact on the screen's quality; colors and text on the 6-inch full HD display looked about as rich and sharp as on competing devices I've tested.
Ballon d'Or organizers want Iniesta to win ahead of Messi, Ronaldo – Daily Post Nigeria
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Sports - Google News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Adapting to Disaster
An eerie suspense hangs over this Post-Puerto Rico moment. Seas rising, spirits falling. Awareness dawning, self-destruction by carbon, full-steaming ahead. This week, we're staring down climate dystopias with a motley crew of imaginative thinkers.
The “cli-fi” novelist Kim Stanley Robinson strikes a keynote this hour: that the future—and maybe a point of no return—have arrived way ahead of schedule. He has scripted that future in vivid detail in a cult novel called New York 2140—Manhattan, half-drowned but re-gentrifying again, people surfing the waves between Herald Square and Central Park. In the novel Stan Robinson dated his picture more than a century out. By now, it's a plausible dystopia just a decade or two away.
Greg Lindsay is another sort of futurist: urban engineer, writer, born enthusiast. Greg tells us, the future is still populated with cities, but cities transformed. As part of the 4C: Foreseeing the Region of the Future design competition, he's dreamt up his own plausibly terrifying vision of the near future in a coastal region known as “The Bight.” Lindsay outlines the hypothetical future of the region on his blog:
The near-destruction of Lower Manhattan by Hurricane Hermine in October 2022; the resulting Crash of '23 as real estate values plunged along the East Coast; the subsequent creation of the Bureau of Coastal Management to create ironclad zoning and development guidelines; the dissolution of the Port Authority by mutual agreement of Governors Cuomo and Bon Jovi; the election of President Mark Zuckerberg in 2024, who soon instituted universal basic income (“Zuckerbucks”) and housing (“Zuckerhuts”), while pushing a clean energy agenda that led to the merger of ExxonMonsanto.
Naomi Oreskes is a historian of science and policy skeptic. She's known for her book Merchants of Doubt: about the corporate science that hid the truth about tobacco and global warming. But she's also a “cli-fi” writer herself: her recent book The Collapse of Western Civilization, co-authored with Erik M. Conway, postulates another post-apocalyptic climate future:
The year is 2393, and the world is almost unrecognizable. Clear warnings of climate catastrophe went ignored for decades, leading to soaring temperatures, rising sea levels, widespread drought and—finally—the disaster now known as the Great Collapse of 2093, when the disintegration of the West Antarctica Ice Sheet led to mass migration and a complete reshuffling of the global order. Writing from the Second People's Republic of China on the 300th anniversary of the Great Collapse, a senior scholar presents a gripping and deeply disturbing account of how the children of the Enlightenment—the political and economic elites of the so-called advanced industrial societies—failed to act, and so brought about the collapse of Western civilization.
Outside the world of speculative fiction, we also spoke with experts about the ways the world is already adapting to the prospect of catastrophe. The Canadian journalist Chris Turner, author of Geography of Hope, introduced us this week to a Danish island in the Baltic where artists have always been drawn to the sunlight and technologists have now gone to capture it.
And the MIT architect Rafi Segal reminds us that what we're missing is a narrative of adaptation, including the memory of radical adaptations that originally made the American landscape. Segal himself is new to Boston, but he starts with a point we often forget: that our city was defined by the leveling of hills to fill in natural bays and swamps that could easily revert to water as sea levels rise. He goes on to say that in Holland that sort of transition in the imagination from water to land and back is part of the national myth.
Last night, Angel Olsen stopped by Conan to play “Give It Up,” one of the standout tracks from 2016's excellent My Woman. Watch that performance below and check out a clip of Olsen performing the same song solo in a New York City church here.
_____
Photo
• President Vladimir Putin of Russia took a whirlwind diplomatic tour of Egypt, Syria and Turkey, amid regional and international anger over President Trump's unilateral decision to recognize Jerusalem as Israel's capital.
In Brussels, E.U. leaders rejected Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu's request for the same endorsement.
_____
• Like Russia, China has come under scrutiny for infiltrating other countries' social media.
German intelligence services said that 10,000 citizens were approached by via LinkedIn by Chinese spies posing as think-tank leaders and headhunters, but the quest was actually for insights and secrets from the government's business and foreign policy arms.
A Chinese official angrily denounced the findings as “complete hearsay and groundless.”
_____
Photo
• When the Islamic State seized territory in Iraq and Syria in 2014, it had the time and space to manufacture weapons on an industrial scale.
Records and documents viewed by The Times show a system of arms production that combined research and development, mass production and organized distribution to amplify the terrorist group's power, endurance and cruelty.
Mosul, a city left in ruins when the Islamic State was finally driven out in July, is beginning to rebuild.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
_____
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Sign Up for the Morning Briefing What you need to know to start your day in Australia, delivered to your inbox. Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
Business
• HSBC said its deferred prosecution deal with the U.S. Justice Department had been successful and that it expected charges related to lapses on money laundering controls to be dropped. The bank paid a $1.9 billion settlement for the deal five years ago.
• Beijing's campaign to drive out rural laborers has also hurt a different kind of migrant: educated and ambitious white-collar workers.
• European telecom providers have already pushed the boundaries of internet protections, offering a glimpse at what U.S. consumers may face once net neutrality is repealed this week.
• The Federal Reserve is expected to raise interest rates this week. Investors want to know what's next.
• In the latest tech newsletter, our columnists debate how sustainable the Bitcoin boom is. (Bitcoin futures hit $17,540 this morning, from an opening of $15,000.)
• Singapore begins its electric car-sharing program today.
• U.S. stocks were higher. Here's a snapshot of global markets.
Market Snapshot View Full Overview
In the News
Photo
• Mario Batali, the celebrity chef, apologized and stepped away from his food empire and ABC's “The Chew” after four unnamed women accused him of sexual harassment. [The New York Times]
• In Venezuela, the party of President Nicólas Maduro dominated municipal elections, aided by an opposition boycott. [The New York Times]
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
• India's opposition Congress Party named Rahul Gandhi as its president, setting up a challenge to Prime Minister Narendra Modi in 2019 polls. [NDTV]
• The Philippines ignored experts' warnings before rolling out a dengue immunization program to 830,000 children that was suspended when the vaccine was found to actually increase risk in some cases. [Reuters]
• South Korea's president, Moon Jae-in, starts a four-day visit to China this week aimed at “recovering mutual trust.” [The Straits Times]
• Saudi Arabia will allow commercial movie theaters to open for the first time in more than 35 years, the latest transformative move by the crown prince, Mohammed bin Salman. [The New York Times]
• A Chinese biologist proved — after a 14-year quest — that a catfish he discovered in remote Myanmar was a new species. [South China Morning Post]
Smarter Living
Tips, both new and old, for a more fulfilling life.
Photo
• Even in touch-averse cultures, men need platonic physical contact.
• Holiday messes got you stressed? Clean 'em up.
platonic physical contact.
• Recipe of the day: Hot sauce livens up noodle kugel.
Noteworthy
• The Golden Globes nominations are out, led by Guillermo del Toro's fantasy “The Shape of Water,” with seven. Here are the top nominees and a look at the surprises and snubs.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
• Three minutes at minus 230 degrees? Our columnist dons ear warmers, a surgical mask and giant wool mittens and gets into a cryotherapy chamber.
• The Times editorial board highlights the danger extremist Hindu politicians now pose to India's national treasure, the Taj Mahal.
• And one of our most viewed stories at the moment: Amid the racial tensions of the 1970s, an American family decided to return a black girl they had adopted. A few months later they adopted a white girl. This is what happened decades later, when the two met.
Backstory
Photo
Long before there were meatless Mondays, there were meatless Tuesdays, wheatless Wednesdays and porkless Saturdays.
One hundred years ago, during World War I, the U.S. government made an appeal for the country to sacrifice more to help its allies in Europe avoid starvation.
Americans were already encouraged to give up meat (red meat, preserved meat and lard) on Tuesdays and wheat on Wednesdays. The new instructions also excluded pork on Saturday and recommended one meal without meat or wheat each day.
“In this emergency, only the simplest of living is patriotic,” said Herbert Hoover, food administrator and a future president.
In that crucial winter, he said, “lies the period when there will be tested in this great free country of ours the question as to whether or not our people are capable of voluntary individual self-sacrifice to save the world.”
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
The guidelines were later tightened again, and declared a success.
Another plea to help those struggling in Europe came after World War II. President Harry Truman, in the first televised address from the White House, asked Americans to give up meat on Tuesdays and poultry and eggs on Thursdays.
“We must not fail them,” he said.
Sarah Anderson contributed reporting.
_____
Your Morning Briefing is published weekday mornings and updated online. Browse past briefings here.
We have briefings timed for the Australian, Asian, European and American mornings. And our Australia bureau chief offers a weekly letter adding analysis and conversations with readers. You can sign up for these and other Times newsletters here.
What would you like to see here? Contact us at asiabriefing@nytimes.com.
Local fourth graders ride in a horse-drawn carriage through downtown Point Pleasant, as part of the Battle Days celebration.
No tablets here. These students learn about colonial games at Tu-Endie-Wei State Park on Friday.
The dulcimer group teaches students about their musical heritage at Tu-Endie-Wei State Park.
Students take in Native American dancing at Tu-Endie-Wei State Park.
2017 Heritage Queen Linda Smith accepts her crown and bouquet as Battle Days royalty on Friday. Mayor Brian Billings, also pictured, was the contest's emcee.
Mayor Brian Billings interviews Cookie Gardner, who left him speechless, at the Heritage Queen Contest on Friday at the Gene Salem Senior Center.
Students learn the art of musketry.
“Chief Cornstalk” talks with students at Tu-Endie-Wei State Park.
Pictured, front row, from left, former Heritage Queens Charlotte Knaul, Sharon Nibert, 2017 Heritage Queen Linda Smith, former Heritage Queens Sharon Ranck, Pat Sallaz. Second row, former Heritage Queen Sheila Elkins, Little Mister Battle Days First Runner-up Bentley Gardner, Young Miss Battle Days Kira Henderson, Junior Miss Battle Days Reghan Cossin, Miss Battle Days Kate Henderson. Third row, from left, Mayor Brian Billings, Ronnie Spencer from the Mason County Sheriff's Department and Delegate Jim Butler. Spencer and Butler escorted contestants to the stage and Billings was the emcee for the Heritage Queen Contest.
Activists and protesters who attended a rally Monday night to coax officials to remove a Confederate statue that's been moored in front of Durham, North Carolina's old courthouse since 1924 decided to do it themselves.
The toppled statue depicts a Confederate soldier wielding a muzzle rifle and lugging a canteen and bedroll. It is dedicated "in memory of the boys who wore gray."
As Monday evening's demonstration went on, protesters surrounded the base of the erected soldier.
Video circulating online showcased the swelling protesters, many in chorus shouting: "We, we are the revolution!" followed by "You can't stop the revolution."
Some demonstrators held up handwritten, charged screeds on cardboard that read "Stop Calling the Cops" and "Fight your Local Nazis," and one bluntly: "F--- yo statue” as they closed in on the the cast metallic Confederate monument.
Some protesters rested a ladder and looped a rope around the statue before yanking the soldier from its concrete perch.
While dragged it to the ground, the angry demonstrators began stomping on the statue repeatedly, as seen on video footage captured by a reporter with ABC affiliate WTVD.
The Durham Police Department released a statement late Monday night regarding the incident.
"The Durham Police Department (DPD) is aware that a Confederate monument was toppled at the old Durham County courthouse. Because this incident occurred on county property, where county law enforcement officials were staffed, no arrests were made by DPD officers," the statement reads.
Gov. Roy Cooper quickly came out against the statue takedown on Monday night, tweeting: "The racism and deadly violence in Charlottesville is unacceptable but there is a better way to remove these monuments #durham - RC"
The racism and deadly violence in Charlottesville is unacceptable but there is a better way to remove these monuments #durham - RC — Governor Roy Cooper (@NC_Governor) August 15, 2017
The desecration of the Confederate soldier comes two days after a gathering of white nationalists in Charlottesville, Virginia turned into a melee that culminated in 20-year-old James Alex Fields allegedly plowing his car into a crowd of counter-protesters, killing one and injuring at least 19.
Protests in New York
Spencer Platt/Getty Images
Amr Alfiky/Reuters
In New York Monday night, around 1,000 protesters descended on Trump Tower in midtown Manhattan to make a statement on the night the president arrived back in his hometown for a short stint. Some of the protesters formed a human wall, and others shouted messages like "No hate" or "Impeach."
Notably, an inflatable caricature of a Trump in the form of a rat was plotted nearby at The Plaza hotel.
Trump came under fire over the weekend over his statement regarding the violence in Charlottesville. In remarks on the rally and subsequent clashes from his golf club in New Jersey on Saturday, he condemned the "egregious display of hatred, bigotry and violence on many sides." Two days later, he condemned hate groups, including white supremacists, in remarks from the White House.
The president's return to his New York penthouse comes during his "working vacation," where he's been staying at his club in Bedminster, New Jersey. It's the first time the president has returned to Trump Tower since his inauguration.
Who is the White House advisor popping up all over cable news to defend Donald Trump's most controversial actions?
The Symphony of the Hills has its first concert of the new year this Saturday night. If you don't know them, the Symphony of the Hills is situated in Kerrville, but people come from all around to hear symphonic music they won't otherwise hear. Gene Dowdy is its conductor.
"We're very proud that people come from all over: Junction, Hunt, Harper, Fredericksburg, Comfort, Boerne. People drive from San Antonio; I've got friends who come up, watch the shows."
As the Symphony normally does, this first concert of the year is thematic. Its theme: The Best of Broadway.
"We're going to kick off the night with Phantom of the Opera, so those big, thundering chords...bum-bum-bum! But we're also going to do both new and old, so A Chorus Line, Marvin Hamlisch's great book. Fiddler on the Roof. We're doing a beautiful orchestral setting, and this is really cool, arranged by the great film composer John Williams."
Dowdy continued with his rundown.
"And then My Fair Lady--Lerner and Lowe, just a wonderful duo--I Could've Danced All Night. Second half we're going to kick off with something newer--the music from Wicked. Very wonderful Steven Schwartz music. Cabaret--Fabulous musical. And it is interesting how these musicals tend to jump to Hollywood. Here's one that went the other way: The Lion King. Started as this wonderful animated special. Music by Elton John, Hans Zimmer, great collaborators, but then jumped to Broadway. And then we're going to end the concert with Oklahoma...Rodgers and Hammerstein, the great orchestrator, Robert Russell Bennett. Oh What a Beautiful Morning."
For those thinking of going it all happens 7:30 this Saturday at Kerrville's Kathleen Cailloux Theater.
"This music is timeless. We're looking forward to welcoming everybody for a new year and a new season."
Find more on the Symphony of the Hills here.
The White House responded to the outrage over Roseanne Barr's racist tweet Wednesday by saying that "no one is defending what she said" but at the same time attacking "hypocrisy in the media," citing "the most horrible things" said "about this president and nobody addresses it."
Interested in Roseanne? Add Roseanne as an interest to stay up to date on the latest Roseanne news, video, and analysis from ABC News. Add Interest
Reading from a prepared statement at a White House briefing, press secretary Sarah Sanders asked, as the president did in a tweet earlier in the day, why Disney Chairman and CEO Bob Iger had called former Obama adviser Valerie Jarrett to apologize for Barr's tweet and hadn't called him to do the same for comments made about him on Disney-owned ABC's "The View" and another Disney network, ESPN.
"Where was Bob Iger's apology to the White House staff for Jamele Hill calling the President, and anyone associated with him, a white supremacist? To Christians around the world for Joy Behar calling Christianity a mental illness? Where was the apology for Kathy Griffin going on a profane rant against the President on The View after a photo showed her holding President Trump's decapitated head? And where was the apology from Bog Iger for ESPN hiring Keith Olbermann after his numerous expletive-laced tweets attacking the President as a Nazi and even expanding Olbermann's role after that attack against the President's family."
"This is a double-standard that the President is speaking about, nobody is defending her comments, they're inappropriate but that's what the point that he was making," Sanders said.
Neither Iger nor Disney immediately responded to requests from ABC News for comment.
Griffin, who was fired from CNN's New Year's Eve program, apologized for her actions but later took back her apology on "The View." She reportedly used an expletive referring to Trump and said, “This president is different and I have been through the mill and so now I'm back on the road."
Behar apologized for referring to comments made about Pence by former Trump White House aide Omorasa Maginault Newman on the CBS program "Celebrity Big Brother" warning against Pence ever becoming president. “He's extreme,” Newman said. “I'm Christian, I love Jesus, but he thinks Jesus tells him to say things.”
“It's one thing to talk to Jesus," Behar said. "It's another thing when Jesus talks to you. That's called mental illness, if I'm not correct, hearing voices," Behar reportedly said on "The View."
Iger was later quoted as saying Behar's comment was "wrong" and that her apology was appropriate.
After Hill tweeted comments about Trump, the network put out a statement saying they “do not represent the position of ESPN. We have addressed this with Jemele and she recognizes her actions were inappropriate.”
Later, as reported in Vanity Fair in October, Iger explained that the decision not to fire Hill was made with context in mind, referring to Trump's comments last August about the white nationalist and counter-protests in Charlottesville that there were "some very fine people on both sides."
“There are a lot of people out there who were outraged,” Iger said. The promise that was given to them in the Constitution, that they fought for in the Civil War and civil rights movement, he said, is “the opposite” of what Americans have seen in the last few months, Vanity Fair quoted him as saying.
“It's hard for me to understand what it feels like to experience racism,” he added in the interview. “I felt we needed to take into account what other people ESPN were feeling at this time and that resulted in us not taking action."
ESPN has taken conservative fire for recently rehiring Olbermann who has blasted Trump as a "Nazi" in tweets.
Sanders comments Wednesday came after she was asked whether the president has spoken to Barr and why he chose to address the ABC apology instead of the underlying issue of concerns about the racist comment she tweeted out. Sanders did not say whether the president specifically condemned Barr's tweet.
Earlier Wednesday, the day after ABC canceled the hit reboot of “Roseanne," Trump — a fan of the show — weighed in on Twitter and didn't repudiate the racist remarks Barr made but instead called for an apology from Iger.
Bob Iger of ABC called Valerie Jarrett to let her know that “ABC does not tolerate comments like those” made by Roseanne Barr. Gee, he never called President Donald J. Trump to apologize for the HORRIBLE statements made and said about me on ABC. Maybe I just didn't get the call? — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) May 30, 2018
The apology from Iger Trump referred to came Tuesday, before ABC publicly announced the show was canceled in a statement from Channing Dungey, president of ABC Entertainment. "Roseanne's Twitter statement is abhorrent, repugnant and inconsistent with our values, and we have decided to cancel her show," she said in the statement. Iger later added his own comment to the statement on Twitter. "There was only one thing to do here, and that was the right thing," Iger tweeted. ABC Television Group and ABC News are both owned by Disney, though the entertainment company is separate from the news division.
At an MSNBC town hall on racism Tuesday night, Jarrett thanked Iger for calling her. "I want to mention Bob Iger, who is the CEO of Disney called me before the announcement, he apologized, he said he had zero tolerance for that sort of racist, bigoted comment and he wanted me to know before he made it public that he was cancelling his show and so I appreciate that they did that so swiftly," she said, adding that she thought it was the right move.
Barr's post early Tuesday morning, which has since been deleted, said that Jarrett, who is African-American, looked like "muslim brotherhood & planet of the apes had a baby ..." She has since apologized.
There is a long history in the U.S., dating back to the days of slavery, of African Americans being depicted and referred to as apes or monkeys as a way to dehumanize and justify discrimination.
Twitter
Wednesday's tweet was the first comment on the firestorm from the president, though he called the show and its success “great” when it aired back in March. Trump didn't mention the controversy at a rally in Nashville on Tuesday night.
In Ohio in March, he told the crowd he called Barr after the show aired to congratulate her.
Andrew Harnik/AP
“Even look at Roseanne. I called her yesterday. Look at her ratings, look at her ratings,” the president said, adding that the show was doing well because it resonated with his base. “And it was about us. They haven't figured it out, the fake news hasn't quite figured it out yet,” he said.
On “Good Morning America” earlier that day, Barr called the call “exciting” and said she's known the president for a long time.
"I've known him for many years and he's done a lot of nice things for me over the years, and so it was just a friendly conversation about working and television and ratings," Barr told “Good Morning America” anchor George Stephanopoulos over the phone.
She also reflected on a need for more “civilized” conversation in the country.
"That's what we need to do as a country is figure out what we don't like, talk to each other and discuss how we're going to get it changed or fixed," Barr said. "I really hope that it opens up civil conversation between people instead of just of mud-slinging. I really do because I think we need to be more civilized in that," she said.
Carew: Sligo deserve more credit 15 February 2017
Sligo manager Niall Carew.
©INPHO/James Crombie. Sligo manager Niall Carew.©INPHO/James Crombie.
Niall Carew points out that Sligo are not getting much credit for their superb start in Division Three of the NFL.
Having snatched a draw against Armagh in their opener, the Yeats County earned a magnificent victory in Tipperary last weekend to put themselves in a terrific position to fight for promotion.
"I think we're still not getting the credit we really deserve," Carew states in The Sligo Champion. "People are saying about the Tipperary comeback at the end and then that we shouldn't have had a penalty against Armagh. But, look, that suits us.
"We just have to make sure that we drive on. For me, it's just one game at a time and we're not looking any further than Antrim in a couple of weeks."
Equity market loses N18bn – Blueprint newspapers Limited (blog)
Blueprint newspapers Limited (blog) Equity market loses N18bn
Blueprint newspapers Limited (blog)
Trading activities on the floor of Nigerian Stock Exchange yesterday opened week in a negative trend shedding N18 billion Market capitalisation of listed equities declined to N14.724 trillion from N14.742 reported on Friday. The Nigerian NSE All Share …
and more »
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Business - Google News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
When Oregon lawmakers created the state's legal marijuana program, they had one goal in mind above all else: to convince illicit pot growers to leave the black market.
That meant low barriers to entry that also targeted long-standing medical marijuana growers, whose product is not taxed. As a result, weed production boomed — with a bitter consequence.
Now, marijuana prices here are in freefall, and the craft cannabis farmers who put Oregon on the map decades before broad legalization say they are in peril of losing their now-legal businesses as the market adjusts.
Oregon regulators on Wednesday announced they will stop processing new applications for marijuana licenses in two weeks to address a severe backlog and ask state lawmakers to take up the issue next year.
Experts say the dizzying evolution of Oregon's marijuana industry may well be a cautionary tale for California, where a similar regulatory structure could mean an oversupply on a much larger scale.
"For the way the program is set up, the state just wants to get as many people in as possible, and they make no bones about it," Hilary Bricken, a Los Angeles-based attorney specializing in marijuana business law, said of California. "Most of these companies will fail as a result of oversaturation."
Oregon has nearly 1 million pounds (453,600 kilograms) of marijuana flower — commonly called bud — in its inventory, a staggering amount for a state with about 4 million people. Producers told The Associated Press wholesale prices fell more than 50 percent in the past year; a study by the state's Office of Economic Analysis found the retail cost of a gram of marijuana fell from $14 in 2015 to $7 in 2017.
The oversupply can be traced largely to state lawmakers' and regulators' earliest decisions to shape the industry.
They were acutely aware of Oregon's entrenched history of providing top-drawer pot to the black market nationwide, as well as a concentration of small farmers who had years of cultivation experience in the legal, but largely unregulated, medical pot program.
Getting those growers into the system was critical if a legitimate industry was to flourish, said Sen. Ginny Burdick, a Portland Democrat who co-chaired a committee created to implement the voter-approved legalization measure.
Lawmakers decided not to cap licenses; to allow businesses to apply for multiple licenses; and to implement relatively inexpensive licensing fees.
The Oregon Liquor Control Commission, which issues licenses, announced Wednesday it will put aside applications for new licenses received after June 15 until a backlog of pending applications is cleared out. The decision comes after U.S. Attorney Billy Williams challenged state officials to address Oregon's oversupply problem.
"In my view, and frankly in the view of those in the industry that I've heard from, it's a failing of the state for not stepping back and taking a look at where this industry is at following legalization," Williams told the AP in a phone interview.
But those in the industry supported the initial decisions that led to the oversupply, Burdick said.
"We really tried to focus on policies that would rein in the medical industry and snuff out the black market as much as possible," Burdick said.
Lawmakers also quickly backtracked on a rule requiring marijuana businesses have a majority of ownership by someone with Oregon residency after entrepreneurs complained it was hard to secure startup money. That change opened the door to out-of-state companies with deep pockets that could begin consolidating the industry.
The state has granted 1,001 producer licenses and has another 950 in process as of last week. State officials worry if they cut off licensing entirely or turn away those already in the application process, they'll get sued or encourage illegal trade.
Some of the same parameters are taking shape in California, equally known for black-market pot from its Emerald Triangle region.
The rules now in effect there place caps only on certain, medium-sized growing licenses. In some cases, companies have acquired dozens of growing licenses, which can be operated on the same or adjoining parcels. The growers association is suing to block those rules, fearing they will open the way for vast farms that will drive out smaller cultivators.
Beau Whitney, senior economist at national cannabis analytics firm New Frontier Data, said he's seeing California prices fall.
In contrast, Washington knew oversupply could draw federal attention and was more conservative about licensing. As the market matured, its regulators eased growing limits, but the state never experienced an oversupply crisis.
Colorado has no caps on licenses, but strict rules designed to limit oversupply allow the state to curtail a growers' farm size based on past crop yields, existing inventory, sales deals and other factors.
In Oregon, cannabis retail chains are emerging to take advantage of the shake-up.
A company called Nectar has 13 stores around the state — with three more on tap — and says on its website it is buying up for-sale dispensaries too. Canada-based Golden Leaf Holdings bought the successful Oregon startup Chalice and has six stores around Portland, with another slated to open.
William Simpson, Chalice's founder and Golden Leaf Holdings CEO, is expanding into Northern California, Nevada and Canada. Simpson welcomes criticism that he's dumbing down cannabis the same way Starbucks brought coffee to a mass market.
"If you take Chalice like Starbucks, it's a known quantity, it's a brand that people know and trust," he said.
Amy Margolis, executive director of the Oregon Cannabis Association, says that capping licenses would only spur even more consolidation in the long-term. The state is currently working on a study that should provide data and more insight into what lies ahead.
"I don't think that everything in this state is motivated by struggle and failure," she said. "I'm very interested to see ... how this market settles itself and (in) being able to do that from a little less of a reactionary place."
For now, Oregon's smaller marijuana businesses are trying to stay afloat.
A newly formed group will launch an ad campaign this fall to tell Oregonians why they should pay more for mom-and-pop cannabis. Adam Smith, who founded the Oregon Craft Cannabis Alliance, believes 70 percent of Oregon's small growers and retailers will go out of business if consumers don't respond.
"We could turn around in three to four years and realize that 10 to 12 major companies own a majority of the Oregon industry and that none of it is really based here anymore," he said. "The Oregon brand is really all about authenticity. It's about people with their hands in the dirt, making something they love as well as they can. How do we save that?"
———
Associated Press writers Gene Johnson in Seattle, Michael R. Blood in Los Angeles and Kathleen Foody in Denver contributed to this report.
———
Flaccus is a member of the AP's marijuana beat team. Follow her on Twitter at https://twitter.com/gflaccus. Follow complete AP marijuana coverage: https://apnews.com/tag/LegalMarijuana
U.S. stock indexes edged higher in morning trading Monday as gains in technology and energy companies outweighed losses among banks and makers of packaged foods and other consumer goods. Bitcoin futures began trading. Oil prices rose.
KEEPING SCORE: The Standard & Poor's 500 index rose 2 points, or 0.1 percent, to 2,654 as of 11:17 a.m. Eastern time. The Dow Jones industrial average gained 21 points, or 0.1 percent, to 24,350. The Nasdaq composite added 14 points, or 0.2 percent, to 6,855. The Russell 2000 index of smaller-company stocks picked up less than 1 point to 1,521.
CENTRAL BANK WATCH: Investors have their eye this week on the Federal Reserve, which is scheduled to issue an interest rate policy update on Wednesday. The Fed is expected to lift rates by 0.25 percent. That would be the third interest rate hike by the central bank this year.
TECH SWELL: Gains among technology companies helped lift the market. Symantec rose 80 cents, or 2.9 percent, to $28.78, while Apple picked up $2.58, or 1.5 percent, to $171.95.
BITCOIN: Trading in Bitcoin futures began Sunday. They fell slightly in early trading Monday from their overnight high on the Chicago Board Options Exchange. The contract that expires in January was trading at $18,200. The price of an actual bitcoin has soared since it began the year below $1,000 and on Friday was at $16,530 on the private exchange Coindesk. Overstock.com, which accepts Bitcoin, surged $7.47, or 16.6 percent, to $52.54.
ENCOURAGING RESULTS: Drugmaker bluebird bio surged 18.2 percent after it reported results from an early study of a cancer treatment that the company is developing with Celgene. Shares in bluebird gained $31.10 to $202.25. Celgene added $2.02, or 1.9 percent, to $108.11.
UNAPPETIZING: Several packaged food and beverage stocks were trading lower. Hormel Foods slid 55 cents, or 1.5 percent, to $36.69.
FINANCIALS SLIDE: Shares in banks and other financial companies declined. Charles Schwab shed 45 cents, or 0.9 percent, to $50.94.
ICAHN DO IT: Xerox shares slipped on news that Carl Icahn will nominate four directors to the company's board. One Xerox director linked to Icahn resigned as the activist investor called off a standstill agreement with Xerox that started in June 2016. Xerox was down 2 cents to $29.57.
BONDS: Bond prices rose. The yield on the 10-year Treasury note fell to 2.36 percent from 2.38 percent late Friday.
ENERGY: The price of oil edged up, with benchmark U.S. crude gaining 33 cents to $57.69 per barrel on the New York Mercantile Exchange. Brent crude, the international standard, rose $1.06, or 1.7 percent, to $64.47 per barrel in London.
The pickup in oil prices helped boost energy sector stocks. Chesapeake Energy added 19 cents, or 5.2 percent, to $3.87, while Range Resources climbed 71 cents, or 4.4 percent, to $16.79.
CURRENCIES: The dollar weakened to 113.33 yen from 113.51 yen late Friday. The euro rose to $1.1806 from $1.1768.
MARKETS OVERSEAS: In Europe, Germany's DAX slipped 0.2 percent, while the CAC 40 in France fell 0.2 percent. Britain's added 0.8 percent. Earlier in Asia, Japan's Nikkei 225 stock index climbed 0.6 percent, while Hong Kong's Hang Seng index gained 1.0 percent. The S&P ASX 200 in Australia edged 0.1 percent higher. South Korea's Kospi picked up 0.3 percent. India's Sensex rose 0.2 percent. Shares in Southeast Asia also rose.
Ile-Ife crisis: Trial of suspects begins in court
Weeks after the Clash in Ile-Ife, Osun State, the trial of Oba Ademola Ademiluyi; Pastor Taiwo Fakowajo and four other suspects arrested in connection with the March 8 clash between some Hausa persons and Yoruba began before Justice Kudirat Akano of Osun State High Court on Wednesday. The suspects, who were brought to the court …
The post Ile-Ife crisis: Trial of suspects begins in court appeared first on INFORMATION NIGERIA.
This post was syndicated from INFORMATION NIGERIA. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
360Recommends: Naomi Wachira – Beautifully Human
Naomi Wachira is an artist of formidable talent and heart. Her music & songwriting brings together harmonies that speak across continents and cultures. Northwest Music Scene
“I am an African girl, well I know where I'm coming from, and I know who I want to be…” is the defiant soul-anthem that jumpstarted Afro-Folk Singer/Songwriter Naomi Wachira onto a whole new path and calling. The words from the title track, African Girl, on her first EP release (2012) paved the way for this Kenyan-born, Seattle-based artist, who is determined make a contribution in the world by offering music that is poignant, hopeful and life-giving. Five years later, with a critically acclaimed self-titled album (2014), an acoustic EP “ I am Because You Are (2015), comes her sophomore album Song of Lament, which she says, ‘was born out the many tragic losses we've witnessed globally – ranging from cases of police brutality to the refugee crisis – that made me grieve about who we've become, but also burned a desire in me to create art that would serve society at large and hopefully lessen the chaos around us.'
Song of Lament, which was recorded at historic London Bridge Studio (Seattle, WA) with producer Eric Lilavois (Saint Motel, Atlas Genius, My Chemical Romance), is a testament to Wachira fully embracing her creative power and its ability spread goodness to the world. As the world churns with chaos and self-inflicted woes born out of fear and mistrust of the ‘other', she hopes the album will be a balm, a beacon of hope, a reminder of both our darkness and light, but also the belief that mindfulness and empathy can serve humanity in much better ways. The album delves into issues of violence funneled through political ideologies by weaving real life events with thoughtfulness and compassion, while asking questions about how human beings arrive at this place of utter darkness (Heart of a Man). She highlights issues of human equality, especially when it undermines the divine sacredness of those who are different (Beautifully Human) and longs for a society that truly takes care of each other (I am Because You Are). With an uprise in chaos all over the world, she acknowledges how easy it is to despair on the status of a world that is hell bent on destroying itself (Up in Flames). She sings a mournful dirge for the countless lives lost at sea while escaping war torn homelands in search of peace and dignity (Farewell) and questions those who perpetuate violence in the name of faithful religious expression (Where is God?). And with an existential yearning, she wonders why Africa, one of the most resourceful continents in the world, has struggled to find her footing (Song of Lament). But not all the songs are heavy. Her first and last tracks (Our Days Are Numbered, Think Twice) are a reminder that while the sun does not discriminate between the good and the bad, fulfillment is found when we spend our days practicing kindness and wisdom and taking account that our actions really do matter, when all's said and done. She joyously blesses her mother and father, with whom she credits for the woman she is today (Mûrathimwo) and encourages all of us who've hit rock bottom in life and feel disillusioned, to never give up or look back (Run, Run, Run).
There is no doubt Wachira is determined to create a niche in the world with her uplifting and sombering music and perhaps inch us closer to one another as we remember our shared humanity. And like the two predecessors she has long admired, Tracy Chapman and Miriam Makeba, she hopes that she can truly make the world a better place. Asked about what she really hopes to accomplish with this album she says, “if there's one thing I learned from my parents, it is to try and leave a place better than I found it. My hope is that this album will do just that. I know we are certainly living in dark times, but I hope that we will all find the courage to be light in whatever way we've been gifted… that we will seek to understand those who are different from us and find ways to both acknowledge and celebrate our differences and similarities.
The post 360Recommends: Naomi Wachira – Beautifully Human appeared first on 360Nobs.com.
This post was syndicated from 360Nobs.com. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
SAN FRANCISCO — The assassination of Robert F. Kennedy Jr. 50 years ago this June fractured the nation just two months after the assassination of Martin Luther King, Jr. and five years after his brother John F. Kennedy was killed.
But RFK's funeral, particularly the train that took his body from a memorial service in New York City to his resting place at Arlington National Cemetery in Virginia, brought the country together in a new, unprecedented way: An estimated 2 million ordinary Americans spontaneously gathered beside railroad tracks to honour him as the train passed by.
An exhibit at the San Francisco Museum of Modern Art, “The Train: RFK's Last Journey,” displays 21 of the 1,000 unique colour slides made by photographer Paul Fusco on June 8, 1968. The images captured America's grief in a way that was unusual in photography, by seeing the events through the eyes of ordinary people.
The photos show Americans of all colours and classes. Catholic schoolgirls, field hands, firemen, blue-collar workers and housewives in their bonnets create a tableau of those who came to say farewell to the man many knew simply as “Bobby.”
Some climbed fence posts to get a better view. Some saluted. Others stood rock-ribbed straight. Some waved American flags or handmade posters: “So Long Bobby.” Others turned from work to see what all the fuss was about as the maroon train car holding his coffin rolled by.
Fusco, at the time a staffer for Look magazine, made the images from his unique position aboard the funeral train en route to Arlington. He said he was astonished when the train emerged from a New York City tunnel to see hundreds of people gathering beside the tracks. At times he used a panning motion to isolate certain people and scenes, creating a blur around the edges of the images.
The exhibit also shows the importance of the day for those who were there, through a collection of personal images sought out by Dutch artist Rein Jelle Terpstra, who became fascinated with Fusco's photos and launched a research project in 2014 to collect pictures and films from the observers who watched the funeral procession go by. Among the most striking is a carefully labeled photo album collage decorated with red, white and blue construction paper.
The moving exhibit also includes a 70 mm film reconstruction of the day by French artist Philippe Parreno, complete with the haunting sound of a train clacking through fields and cities.
So many people came to say goodbye to Bobby Kennedy on June 8, 1968, that the train slowed and the journey took nearly twice as long as usual, nearly eight hours to travel a typically four-hour route.
Kennedy, a U.S. senator from New York, was running for president and had just won the California primary when he was shot at the Ambassador Hotel in Los Angeles by Sirhan Sirhan. Kennedy died June 6, 1968.
“RFK's Last Journey” is on display at the museum through June 10.
Political interests may mar proposed 2018 Census – Dogara warns
Speaker of the House of Representatives, Yakubu Dogara, has called on the people clamouring for conduct of population census in 2018 to exercise patience till after 2019 elections, when there will be no political pressure to manipulate its outcome.
Conducting population census in an election year may generate unrealistic results, Dogara said, and therefore advised that the next administration should conduct the census at the beginning of its tenure when there was nothing at stake.
Dogara stated this in a statement issued by his special adviser on media and public affairs, Turaki Hassan, in Abuja.
The speaker said, if he was to offer a selfless advice, “I won't advise anyone to conduct national census in 2018. I said it before that if we are not going to achieve it in 2017, then we should just forget it until after 2019.
“If you conduct census at the niche of elections, there will be so much pressure, crisis and the lure for people to manipulate the figures for political reasons, such that the agency cannot even cope with. So, it is better for a fresh administration to conduct this exercise from the beginning of that administration when we do not have any pressure of elections in sight.
“Then we may have something that resembles reality, but I can bet you if the census is conducted in 2018, the outcome will be doubtable. Seriously speaking, because I know who we are and I know the kind of litigations, backlashes, the pressure and we don't need that now to be candid.
“We have so many challenges, let's empower the agencies to keep building on the blocks that they will leverage on in the future, in order to do the exercise but doing it in 2018, honestly it is nothing I would advocate,” the speaker stated.
The post Political interests may mar proposed 2018 Census – Dogara warns appeared first on BusinessDay : News you can trust.
This post was syndicated from BusinessDay : News you can trust. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Kerry Washington, Kim Kardashian West at the 2017 Forbes Women's Summit in NYC
The 2017 Forbes Women's Summit held recently on Tuesday afternoon (June 13) in New York City and the event was attended by several leading ladies including actress Kerry Washington, TV star Kim Kardashian West, show host Tamron Hall and more. During the event, Kerry Washington opened up about her work with the Allstate Foundation's Purple Purse program […]
The post Kerry Washington, Kim Kardashian West at the 2017 Forbes Women's Summit in NYC appeared first on BellaNaija.
This post was syndicated from BellaNaija. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
There's an experiment underway at a few top universities around the world to make some master's degrees out there more affordable.
The Massachusetts Institute of Technology, for example, says the class of 2018 can get a master's degree in supply chain management for more than $20,000 off from the university's normal price, which runs upwards of $67,000 for the current year academic year.
But it's not as simple as sending in a coupon with your tuition bill.
It's called a "MicroMasters." MIT, Columbia University, the University of Michigan and the Rochester Institute of Technology are among a dozen or so universities globally that are giving this online program a shot.
It's not a full degree, but a sort of certificate, and can be a step toward a degree.
There are things in it for students, and for the school.
What's in it for students: cost
Let's take Danaka Porter as an example. She's a 31-year-old business consultant from Vancouver, British Columbia, and says a master's degree was exactly what she needed to boost her career.
"I found that people were a little bit more respected, I guess, once they had their master's because it was like they had taken that next step to go a little bit further," she says.
But she couldn't afford to stop working and become a full-time student again. She owns a house, she says, and "I have bills, and all of that stuff that doesn't stop because I wanted to go to school."
When a friend told that MIT was piloting its first partially online master's degree in supply chain management, she signed up.
The tuition for a year in the master's of supply chain management costs $67,938. Her MicroMasters certification, though, is just $1,350.
It's called a MicroMasters because it isn't a full degree, just a step toward one, though Porter says the coursework is just as rigorous as if she were on MIT's campus in Cambridge.
"It requires a lot of effort and if you don't have a background in math, engineering or supply chain it's not a breeze. Like, we do have people that fail," she says.
Even if she passes the certification, Porter will still need to complete a semester "in residence" at full cost if she wants to finish her graduate degree. It's part of what MIT calls the "blended" program — online and on-campus.
Getting accepted is no easy task. MIT says it expects to admit 40 students a year into the blended program.
Some top schools from around the world are on board with MIT.
There's user experience research and design from the University of Michigan; entrepreneurship from the Indian Institute of Management Bangalore; and artificial intelligence from Columbia University, among others.
Even if students don't go for a full master's, the online course work can make them more appealing to employers.
Industry leaders who say they can't find enough qualified candidates are looking for very specific skills like the ones being taught. GE, Walmart, IBM and Volvo have recognized MicroMasters and are encouraging their employees and job applicants to take these courses.
Some students who are enrolled in MIT's on-campus program wish these online courses had been available to them before spending big on their degrees.
"If this was an option, I think I would have considered it," says Veronica Stolear, a graduate student at MIT from Caracas, Venezuela. She quit her job in the oil industry to earn her master's in supply chain management. Ultimately, though, she thinks her on-campus experience will pay off.
"The in-campus program is more expensive, but you're getting also the experience of living in Boston, interacting with people from MIT that might not be in supply chain but might be in like the business school and like other types of departments," she says.
What's in it for schools: getting the best applicants
You might be wondering what MIT gets out this arrangement.
Admission officers here say they'll weigh applicants' performance in these online courses.
Anant Agarwal, an MIT professor and CEO of the online-learning platform edX that makes these online courses possible, sees it all as a way to filter the applicant pool.
"When you get applications from people all over the world, it's often a crap-shoot," he says. "You don't know the veracity of the recommendation letters or the grades. And so you're taking a bet very often."
And Agarwal says that should give MIT and other institutions a better sense of how students will perform — if they're lucky enough to get in.
STANFORD, Calif. — Dorian Pickens thought only of being aggressive and let the chips fall. He was nearly perfect.
Pickens scored 25 points, making five 3-pointers, and Stanford handed Oregon its worst loss of the Dana Altman era, beating the Ducks 96-61 Saturday.
KZ Okpala added 20 points for the Cardinal (13-11, 7-4 Pac-12), who won their second straight and seventh in 10 games. Reid Travis added 17 points.
“We all wanted to come out and be aggressive right from the jump,” Pickens said. “One of our themes for this game was to attack at both ends right from the tip-off. We did that and it paid off.”
Troy Brown scored 15 points for Oregon (15-8, 5-5), who had a three-game winning streak snapped. Victor Bailey, Jr. added 13 points and Elijah Brown and Paul White scored 10 each.
The game seemed to turn on a blown call. Oregon threw the ball out of bounds but was awarded the ball. Payton Pritchard hit a 3-pointer moment later to bring the Ducks within 19-16.
Daejon Davis hit a 3-pointer on the other end that sparked a 13-0 run and Stanford was in control the rest of way. Davis flirted with a triple-double, scoring nine points, grabbing seven rebounds and dishing out eight assists.
“It was an awesome step forward,” Stanford coach Jarod Haase said. “Personally I want to enjoy the heck out of it. I'm hoping it's an important step, a great win against a great coach. We have to take in stride with the intent of growing.”
Pickens was 9-of-11 shooting from the floor including 5 of 6 from 3-point range. Okpala hit a layup in the final minute of the first half and the Cardinal took a 50-34 lead into halftime.
“We need him to be aggressive in all ways,” Haase said. “Dorian won't brag about himself but I will happily brag about him.”
Oregon hadn't lost by more than 12 all year. The Ducks also gave up a season-high in points. Stanford scored 107 points in an overtime victory over UCLA on Jan. 4.
“It's kind of hard to take,” Altman said. “You get outrebounded by 13, they shoot 62 per cent, Pickens got easy looks — we just didn't do a good job. Their freshmen (Davis and Okpala) played well, Daejon really moved the ball well. They got to the basket on us.”
It's also Stanford's largest victory over Oregon ever.
“We couldn't stop them,” Altman said.
DISAPPOINTING
Oregon lost by more than 35 points for just the second time in eight years under Dana Altman. “I don't know if effort was the problem,” Altman said. “Our energy level wasn't good; we sure didn't get any stops. Defensively we weren't communicating well. We didn't talk much; we gave up a lot of easy looks. Offensively, 15 turnovers, 10 assists — that's obviously not what we want.”
BIG PICTURE
Oregon: Since Dana Altman has been at the helm, the Ducks own the second-best record during the second half of Pac-12 play at 46-18. … Oregon leads the Pac-12 and ranks seventh nationally in free throw percentage (.781). Elijah Brown is shooting .963 from the foul line and has made 39 straight. He hasn't missed a free throw since Nov. 26 in a home game against Oklahoma.
Stanford: Dorian Pickens' first basket made him the 46th Stanford men's basketball player to reach 1,000 career points. … Stanford has won the rebounding battle in 19 of its games this year. … Daejon Davis is averaging six assists a game over his last 10.
UP NEXT
Oregon: Hosts Washington on Thursday.
Stanford: Travels to Utah on Thursday.
AUBURN, Ala. — Auburn's leading rebounder is a 6-foot-3 transfer from Presbyterian College. The best shot blocker and tallest starter is a 6-foot-7 guy whose other college options included MIT and Yale.
The 11th-ranked Tigers are having their best season in decades and have built a two-game lead in the Southeastern Conference despite being undersized and short-handed. They're holding their own just fine around the basket, too.
That's largely thanks to the outsized play of cerebral shot blocker Anfernee McLemore and 6-3, 225-pound power forward Desean Murray, a former All-Big South Conference performer who sat out last season after transferring from Presbyterian.
“I'm sure they would think it's a big disadvantage with me being 6-3 and playing the 4” position, Murray said. “I mean, I guess I've got to come every night and play hard so that's not the case.”
That strategy is working well for Auburn (20-2, 8-1 SEC), which hosts Vanderbilt (8-14, 2-7) Saturday night. The Tigers haven't been ranked this high since 2000 and are chasing just the program's third SEC title and first since 1999.
They've done it all without centre Austin Wiley and 6-7 forward Danjel Purifoy, neither of whom have played this season amid an internal review of the program following the arrest of associate head coach Chuck Person on federal bribery, conspiracy and fraud charges.
It has left a scrappy team that often faces significant size mismatches but can also run, shoot and score with anybody in the league.
The Tigers lead the SEC in scoring at 85.7 points per game, which would make them the league's highest scoring team since Kentucky averaged 91.4 points in 1996. They're are also tops in offensive rebounding while making and attempting more 3-pointers than any other league team.
Auburn's size and style of play can create some matchup challenges for opposing teams, including in Tuesday night's 79-70 win over Mississippi .
It's reminiscent of the up tempo teams that coach Bruce Pearl had making NCAA Tournaments regularly at Tennessee, with Bryce Brown as the sharp shooter instead of Chris Lofton.
“I think they are just playing at a different speed then others at this point,” Rebels coach Andy Kennedy said after the game. “They just look faster to me.”
The 6-7 Anfernee McLemore is leading the league in blocked shots and is the only starter who tops 6-5. Before he was putting up big block numbers, McLemore scored 1670 on the SAT and was accepted to MIT.
“Anfernee's really quick off the ground and he's got a really good sense of judgment when that ball is going to go and when it's going to come off somebody's hands,” Murray said. “He's just really good at doing what he does, so I couldn't even really tell you how but it's crazy to see him doing that.”
Horace Spencer is an inch taller and plays significant minutes off the bench.
“I mean, it's just huge what both Anfernee and Horace are able to do holding down the inside,” Pearl said.
Murray, meanwhile, is still collecting rebounds at about the same rate he did at Presbyterian. His 7.1 rebounds per game ranks tied for sixth in the SEC, and Murray is also pulling down three offensive boards a game.
“He knows how to use his body,” Pearl said. “So he'll check you out every time the ball gets shot because for his entire life he's had to check-out when the ball got shot. Otherwise he couldn't rebound. And the best position rebounders are the small guys.”
Right now, the “small guys” at Auburn are getting big results.
——
More AP college basketball: https://collegebasketball.ap.org and https://twitter.com/AP–Top25
LOS ANGELES (AP) — An appeals court says Los Angeles police violated the rights of a man arrested inside Sandra Bullock's home when they obtained his consent to search his home and recovered illegal automatic firearms.
The 2nd District Court of Appeal ruled Tuesday that police detectives violated Joshua James Corbett's rights to remain silent during a police interrogation, and his right against an unlawful search of his home. Corbett was arrested in June 2014 inside Bullock's home, and he has been charged with felony stalking.
Corbett was unarmed at the Oscar winner's home, but police later found several automatic weapons and illegal tracer ammunition in his home.
A Los Angeles Superior Court judge threw out evidence supporting the weapons charges last year after determining Corbett didn't give officers permission to search his home.
BEIJING (AP) — Asian stocks were mixed Wednesday after Wall Street recorded its biggest decline since August.
KEEPING SCORE: The Shanghai Composite Index fell 0.6 percent to 3,465.82 and Tokyo's Nikkei 225 lost 0.8 percent to 23,098.29. Hong Kong's Hang Seng edged 0.1 percent lower to 32,589.83 and Sydney's S&P-ASX 200 added 0.3 percent to 6,037.70. Seoul's Kospi picked up 0.1 percent to 2,570.46 and India's Sensex shed 0.3 percent to 35,923.63. Benchmarks in New Zealand, Taiwan and Bangkok gained while Singapore and Manila declined.
WALL STREET: Hefty losses in health care and technology companies led U.S. stocks sharply lower. The slide erased some of the gains the market had racked up since the beginning of the year, though the market was still on track to close out January with a gain. The Standard & Poor's 500 index fell 1.1 percent to 2,822.43 — its steepest one-day drop since Aug. 17. The Dow Jones industrial average had its biggest decline since May, losing 1.4 percent to 26,076.89. The Nasdaq slumped 0.9 percent to 7,402.48.
ANALYST'S TAKE: "Asian markets look set to continue in decline as global equity markets extend the correction phase," said Jingyi Pan of IG in a report. "Given the mountain of key items ahead, investors may have found the current period opportune for profit taking, though focused also on what these incoming leads may mean for markets."
CHINESE MANUFACTURING: A monthly survey showed January factory activity was lower than expected. The purchasing managers' index of the official China Federation of Logistics & Purchasing declined to 51.3 from December's 51.6 on a 100-point scale on which numbers above 50 show activity expanding.
JAPANESE MANUFACTURING: Official data showed factory output rose to a nine-year high in December, suggesting economic growth stayed strong. Industrial output rose 2.7 percent over November — the third consecutive gain.
ENERGY: Benchmark U.S. crude fell 56 cents to $63.94 per barrel in electronic trading on the New York Mercantile Exchange. The contract plunged $1.06 on Tuesday to $64.50. Brent crude, used to price international oils, declined 53 cents to $67.99 in London. It lost 68 cents in the previous session to $68.52.
CURRENCY: The dollar slipped 108.70 from 108.78 yen. The euro was unchanged at $1.2403.
Islamic State claims responsibility for Istanbul attack: statement
Islamic State claimed responsibility for a gun attack on an Istanbul nightclub which killed 39 people on Sunday, the group said in a statement on Monday. “In continuation of the blessed operations that Islamic State is conducting against the protector of the cross, Turkey, a heroic soldier of the caliphate struck one of the most…
This content is for Standard Digital Monthly Subscription, Premium Digital Monthly Subscription, Standard Digital Yearly Subscription, Premium Digital Yearly Subscription, WSJ 5 DAY TRIAL and 30-Day Corporate Subscription members only. Visit the site and log in/register to read.
The post Islamic State claims responsibility for Istanbul attack: statement appeared first on BusinessDay : News you can trust.
This post was syndicated from BusinessDay : News you can trust. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Mixed news for Laois hurlers 14 June 2017
Laois midfielder Patrick Purcell shows his concern for teammates Aaron Dunphy and Willie Dunphy after the pair collided during the Leinster SHC clash with Meath at Pairc Tailteann. Laois midfielder Patrick Purcell shows his concern for teammates Aaron Dunphy and Willie Dunphy after the pair collided during the Leinster SHC clash with Meath at Pairc Tailteann.
The Laois senior hurlers have received mixed news on the injury front ahead of the All-Ireland SHC preliminary round qualifier against Carlow.
Definitely out of the clash at O'Moore Park on Sunday, June 25th is Willie Dunphy who ruptured ligaments in his hand.
Dunphy joins the likes of John Lennon, Ciaran Collier and Mark Kavanagh on the treatment table, but hopes to return should Laois overcome Carlow.
However, they must plan for the rest of the year without Eanna Lyons, Paddy Whelan, Ben Conroy and Conor Phelan.
Better news for the O'Moore men is that captain Ross King has been given the all clear after he was injured in a club league match.
There were fears that King had done serious damage to his hand, but he has since returned to training and will take his place against the Barrowsiders.
We are not part of Biafra – Igala group
The Igala Socio-Cultural Group has denounced Biafra, the group describes the inclusion of Igala land as part of Biafra as an insult to the people of Ighala and anyone who is sensible. Igala land is in the eastern part of Kogi State, sharing a border with Anambra State. The group, at a press briefing in …
The post We are not part of Biafra – Igala group appeared first on INFORMATION NIGERIA.
This post was syndicated from INFORMATION NIGERIA. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Politics of Friday, 6 October 2017
Source: mynewsgh.com
2017-10-06
Solomon Nkansah
The cause of the National Democratic Congress' (NDC) defeat at the 2016 polls must be blamed on ‘con groups' whose primary interest was to prosecute a personal agenda at variance with the overall objective of the party, Communications Officer Solomon Nkansah has said.
According to him, his office cannot absolve itself of the blame because the party lacked good communicators to match up to the then opposition New Patriotic Party and to also propagate its message to the electorate in the run up to the 2016 polls.
“I cannot challenge the fact my administration as Communications Officer was a disaster but the various groups with members who were not even members of the party in the pursuit of parochial interests are also part of the problem. We had Mahama for this Mahama for that and the rest. Their members were just conmen, whiners and diners who were following their own interest”, he revealed on Adom FM.
Mr Nkansah said the media is only trying to force the party to divulge details of what actually caused its defeat as unraveled by the Kwesi Botchway Committee indicating that various factors played roles.
“If someone comes to accuse me of causing the party's defeat I will accept because we did not win power, did we”, he quizzed rhetorically.
He described the abysmal performance of the party at the polls as a fatal political accident considering the vote difference between them and the New Patriotic Party (NPP).
“We were defeated fatally. It was a fatal accident for the NDC party. You can't lose by close to a million votes gap in an election….that is why I think our loss was massive,” he stated.
He warned that until members put the past behind them and change their ways in accordance with prescriptions in the Kwesi Botchwey report, the party's chances of returning to power in 2020 are bleak.
“In every governance, performance is part of communication so if there aren't good messengers to sell the product the people won't buy. The [Kwesi Botchwey] report brought recommendations and has indicated we take the grassroots participation serious. With this, I urge my party members to be circumspect and follow due process,” he stressed.
This paper explores the intimate performances in “personal attention” ASMR YouTube videos. ASMR — which stands for Autonomous Sensory Meridian Response — is a term coined by the community of Internet users who experience a particular tingling sensation in response to certain auditory, visual, or haptic stimuli. The sensation often originates in the scalp and travels down the spine and is reported to be immensely pleasurable, as well as relaxing. “ASMRtists” now flood YouTube with a steady stream of high definition videos designed to trigger this sensation for viewer-listeners, often through role-play scenarios that incorporate genre-specific techniques to simulate a personalized, intimate, and sensual encounter with the ASMRtist. This essay draws on affect and performance studies to conduct an analysis of these YouTube videos — using specific examples from the ASMRtist Olivia Kissper as case studies — in order to explore how media infrastructures produce the incarnation of sexuality through the process of mediated intimacy. Ultimately, it works towards a radical redefinition of sexuality that is more centered on affect than on bodily gestures, and suggests that through this lens the consumption of ASMR videos can be seen as a sexual practice and the configuration of ASMRtist, viewer-listener, and digital technology can be seen as a sexual relation.
Florida authorities say an inmate who killed his cellmate last month while awaiting trial for killing another cellmate in 2015 is now in sol…
Bronx, NY – On Friday night at Yankee Stadium, the Yankees overcame a 3-0 deficit as they rallied to defeat the Boston Red Sox by a final score of 5-4. Unfortunately for the Yanks, they weren't able to replicate Friday night's magic as their archrivals from Boston crushed them 10-5 on Saturday afternoon. Tonight at the Stadium, it's winner take all…
Before the first pitch is thrown, enjoy Daniel Budasoff's photos from Friday…
The Wichita Falls Police Department has seen an increase in the use of counterfeit bills. (Source: RNN Texoma)
The Wichita Falls Police Department has seen an increase in the use of counterfeit bills.
They say the majority of the counterfeit bills are 100's and they have few leads on any suspects.
Officials say a way to help avoid becoming a victim is to know about what security features are in each bill. You can do that here.
There is also a free online training course that will teach you more about the money you handle. You can find that course here.
Police are asking anyone with information on these crimes to please call the WFPD at 940-761-7792. You can also call Crime Stoppers at 322-9888.
Copyright 2018 RNN Texoma All Rights Reserved
(AP Photo/Richard Drew, File). FILE- This April 5, 2018, file photo shows the facade of the New York Stock Exchange. The U.S. stock market opens at 9:30 a.m. EDT on Tuesday, April 25.
By MARLEY JAY
AP Markets Writer
NEW YORK (AP) - Major U.S. stock indexes gave up an early gain Tuesday, but smaller and more domestically-focused companies are rising. Investors are applauding strong first-quarter results from companies including heavy machinery maker Caterpillar and appliance maker Whirlpool. Bond yields continue to rise and the 10-year Treasury note reached 3 percent for the first time in more than four years. Alphabet, Google's parent company, slid after it reported greater revenue but also an increase in spending.
KEEPING SCORE: The S&P 500 index lost 4 points, or 0.2 percent, to 2,667 as of 11:25 a.m. Eastern time. The Dow Jones industrial average fell 36 points, or 0.2 percent, to 24,412. The Nasdaq composite dropped 49 points, or 0.7 percent, to 7,079.
The Russell 2000 index of smaller-company stocks rose 6 points, or 0.4 percent, to 1,568. American consumers got more confident in the economy in April, according to a survey by the Conference Board. Its consumer confidence index is near 18-year highs. Meanwhile the Commerce Department said sales of new home jumped in March.
Among smaller banks, Simmons First National rose 3.8 percent to $30.05 and Banner gained 4.4 percent to $58.26. In the technology industry, electronics manufacturer Sanmina-ICU jumped 20.2 percent to $33.30.
MACHINE POWER: Caterpillar said the strong global economy helped its sales of construction and energy industry machinery and it raised its forecasts for the year. It also said prices rose and its stock jumped 2.5 percent to $157.87. Appliance maker Whirlpool also surpassed expectations and rose 5.9 percent to $159.17. Aircraft maker United Technologies rallied 1.1 percent to $124.82 after its report and competitor Boeing gained 0.4 percent to $340.32. Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies picked up 3 percent to $90.64.
MISPRINT: Alphabet slid 4.6 percent to $1,024.89 after the company said ad revenue climbed, but expenses also rose. Google's parent company benefited from strong digital ad sales as well as an accounting change.
Scientific equipment maker Waters said sales to industrial customers decreased, and analysts were also disappointed with its sales to the pharmaceutical industry. The stock plunged 8.3 percent to $192.27. 3M, which makes Post-it notes and industrial coatings and ceramics, shed 6.9 percent to $201 after it cut its annual forecast.
BONDS: Bond prices kept slipping. The yield on the 10-year Treasury note rose to 2.99 percent and peaked at 3 percent. It finished at 2.98 percent on Monday and stood at 2.43 percent at the beginning of the year.
The yield on the 10-year note is a benchmark for many kinds of interest rates including mortgages, and it's been climbing because investors expect greater economic growth and faster inflation. It hadn't reached 3 percent since early January of 2014.
Since the global financial crisis in 2008-09, a combination of low inflation expectations and a bond-buying program by the Federal Reserve have helped keep bond yields low, but they have climbed this year as inflation has picked up.
SHIRE'S WILD RIDE: Drugmaker Shire rallied again as the company said it is considering a new offer from Japanese rival Takeda. Bloomberg News reported that the companies are close to a deal and the shares rose 2.9 percent to $164.69.
Shire has rallied in the wake of Takeda's earlier offers, which Shire said weren't good enough. Shire briefly made big gains last week after Botox maker Allergan said it was considering making its own bid, but the stock dipped again after Allergan decided not to make an offer.
CURRENCIES: The dollar rose to 109.14 yen from 108.65 yen. The euro rose to $1.2216 from $1.2205.
ENERGY: Benchmark U.S. crude oil gained 3 cents to $68.67 a barrel in New York. Brent crude, used to price international oils, gained 0 cents to $74.91 per barrel in London.
OVERSEAS: Germany's DAX lost 0.4 percent while the French CAC 40 dipped 0.3 percent. Britain's FTSE 100 rose 0.2 percent. Japan's benchmark Nikkei 225 rose 0.9 percent, helped by the weaker yen. The Kospi in South Korea lost 0.4 percent and Hong Kong's Hang Seng added 1.4 percent.
____
AP Markets Writer Marley Jay can be reached at http://twitter.com/MarleyJayAP . His work can be found at https://apnews.com/search/marley%20jay
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
On television, he was known for his role as the mob boss Don Keshav Kalsi in the 1990s series “Junoon” (“Obsession”), which, he told the newspaper The Hindu in 2005, was “by far my best role in front of the camera.” In 2008 he was given the Padma Shri, one of India's highest civilian honors, for his contribution to the arts. And in 2016 he gave himself the role he always wanted — a native Indian — when he performed a solo play in Urdu called “Maulana Azad,” in which he portrayed the Indian freedom fighter of that name.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Thomas Beach Alter was born on June 22, 1950, in Mussoorie, Uttar Pradesh (now Uttarakhand), in northern India. He and his older brother and sister were the third generation of Alters to live in India; his grandparents were Presbyterian missionaries who had moved from Ohio. His parents, James Payne Alter and the former Barbara Beach, were also missionaries.
Mr. Alter graduated from the Woodstock School, an international boarding school near the Himalayas, in 1968. He then attended Yale, but dropped out after a year and a half to move back to India.
Photo
He taught at a school in Jagadhri, a city in the northern India state of Haryana, and spent his evenings at the cinema with friends watching Hindi movies. It was Rajesh Khanna‘s performance in the 1969 drama “Aradhna” (“Worship”), about a woman who is forced to give up her son at birth, that inspired him to become an actor. (Mr. Khanna played the boy's father and later the boy himself as an adult.)
“I knew instantly that this was, above all, what I wanted to do,” he told The Times. “I wanted to act and act in Hindi movies.”
He attended the Film and Television Institute of India in Pune, which had just opened, and graduated in 1974. His first major role was as a customs officer trying to break up an Indian drug ring in Ramanand Sagar's “Charas” (1976).
In 1978 he married Carol Evans, who survives him. Besides her and their daughter, he is survived by their son, Jamie; his brother, John; his sister, Marty Chen; and a grandson.
In addition to acting, Mr. Alter wrote for several newspapers and published three books.
After he finished acting school, he decided to renounce his American passport to prove he was serious about his career in India.
“You have to be truly committed to this country,” he told The Times. “Otherwise you don't get respect or acceptability.”
But he still faced questions about his heritage, and he publicly lamented having to answer them.
In 2013, at a news media event for the mini-series “Samvidhaan: The Making of the Constitution of India,” in which he portrayed Maulana Azad, a journalist asked him how he was able to speak Hindi so well.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
“Friend, for 40 years I've been answering this question,” he replied angrily. “For 40 years I've told everyone that I was born here.”
By Blessings Mashaya and Mugove Tafirenyika
Teachers have said the new curriculum cannot be practically implemented, with schools around the country struggling to introduce it, six weeks into the first term.
Zimbabwe Teachers Association (Zimta) said there is need to revise the controversial curriculum.
“As Zimta, we have requested a meeting with government so that they can get feedback from the teachers on what is possible and what is not possible in the implementation of the new curriculum,” Zimta CEO Sifiso Ndlovu said.
Progressive Teachers Union (PTUZ) said the curriculum change must involve widespread consultation of all stakeholders, re-skilling of teachers, piloting the project and validating the process.
“The current thrust of the new curriculum is far from what the 1999 Nziramasanga Commission sought to achieve.
“We have been reduced to clerks. There is no time for lesson delivery. Classes are too big considering the prescribed teacher-per-pupil-ratio of the new curriculum and the assessment of the practical components is not feasible.
“ICT not practical in rural schools and even some urban schools, mismatch of teachers and subjects which will result in forced transfers and timetables are completely overcrowded.”
According to PTUZ, the new curriculum excludes and shuts the door for repeaters.
Government policy of teacher recruitment freeze is also working against the successful implementation of the new curriculum, the union said.
“Schools with hot sitting can't function, teaching cycles are affecting sequence of school syllabus from five to six-day cycles. Physical Education (PE) as a compulsory subject has no resource, text books, no precedent, no equipment, no facilities and no reference texts.”
“The PTUZ believes consultation, dialogue and transparency are critical if this is to succeed.
“President Robert Mugabe must be reminded that his wonderful legacy on education is seriously under threat. There is no harm in going back to the drawing board. The earlier we do so the better,” PTUZ said.
Teachers say there is no literature on the new curriculum, so they are using old curriculum text books.
Education minister Lazarus Dokora in January this year introduced a new curriculum in the primary and secondary education system introducing the writing of dissertations by Form Four students and mandating them to go for industrial attachment.
It also did away with subjects such as geography, while bringing in mass displays. Daily News
Aregbesola, Dickson, call for hard work, patience in 2017
Governor Rauf Aregbesola yesterday called on Nigerians to embrace hard work to earn money and create wealth, as dependency on oil revenue was no longer visible.
He made the call in his 2017 New Year broadcast to the people of the state in Osogbo.
He said “it is clear to us all that there is no free money again; no one should be under any illusion about this.
“Oil price doesn't look like it will pike up very soon as we had in the past; even if it will, we may never find ourselves in a position of dependency again.
“If oil windfall should come, it should go into special projects and savings for the future. The way to go therefore is that we should work hard and earn our own money.
“We should develop the capacity to create wealth from which we provide jobs and generate revenue to take care of ourselves.''
The governor, according to the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN), said “2016 came with huge trials, travails and tests for the state.
In Bayelsa, Governor Seriake Dickson applauded the people of the state for their support and encouragement to his administration.
The governor in his New Year message, attributed his administration's achievements to divine grace of God and love of the people.
He also expressed appreciation to the state's workforce “for their extreme show of understanding, especially with dwindling resources.''
Dickson encouraged the organised labour and the entire people of the state to continue to work with the government in the New Year.
This post was syndicated from The Guardian NigeriaThe Guardian Nigeria. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Theme parks are a wildly expensive business, but that hasn't stopped the biggest ones from building brand-new areas based on blockbuster entertainment franchises. The highly anticipated Star Wars zones set to open at Disneyland California and Disneyworld Orlando in 2019 are examples, and there are the Harry Potter Worlds in Japan, Hollywood and Florida.
The Blizzard World stage is the studio's own interpretation of an entertainment theme park, bustling with rides, shops and restaurants inspired by Blizzard games. In fact, players can only run around a portion of it, as a good two-thirds of its "planned" area is limited to the background or not rendered at all -- existing only in the in-game map. To imagine what a real-life version of Blizzard World would take to build, then, we need to do a bit of speculating.
Per the in-game map, painted in the muted watercolor style of Disneyland's original 60s-era attraction posters, there are about 40 named attractions. Some are "E-Ticket" thrill rides like the Hellscream and Blackrock Mountain roller coasters, the Darkmoon Ferris Wheel and (assumedly) the drop tower Tyrael's Fall. Others are restaurants, like the Hearthstone Tavern, or shopping areas like the Caldeum Market and Darkmoon Faire. Players walking in from the "front" of the map are greeted by the looming, massive Stormwind Keep from Warcraft -- much like the princess castles at the center of Disney's parks.
It turns out that amusements parks and multiplayer shooter stages have similar design philosophies, Overwatch's assistant game director Aaron Keller told Engadget over email.
"Theme parks, especially local parks in Southern California, inspired Blizzard World as well as all of Overwatch's maps to a certain extent. I've spent a lot of time at various local parks and I've always been fascinated at how well the parks lead visitors from one area to another," said Keller. "Theme parks contain so many lessons for a level designer. Wherever you're in a park there is always something interesting to see right next to you as well as something pulling you around the next corner, ultimately arriving at some incredible destination that was always visible on the horizon, encouraging you to continue traveling."
As for how big the IRL version of Blizzard World might be, Overwatch's lead writer Michael Chu could only guess.
"At least 100 acres, I think? It's hard to say, as Blizzard World's always growing. It'll be done when it's done," Chu told Engadget over email.
The best food in the park "We had a great time coming up with menu items and snacks for the refreshment stands around Blizzard World. In my opinion, the best food in the park is at Shen's Delights. I did a quick check on the current seasonal menu at Snaxxramas and am happy to share it with you here," Chu said. Anub'Rekh-omelette
Noth's Special Stew
Loatheb's Creamy Fungal Bisque
Kel'Thuzad's Plague Biscuits and Gravy
Zombie Chow
Spore Ribs "Head chef Patchwerk puts a lot of importance into working with local farms and ingredients on its menu, and so I'm proud to say that everything served is harvested by Gothik," Chu said.
The original Disneyland was reportedly built on 160 acres of orange groves bought by Walt Disney. But a comparable real-world park might not be Disneyland, according to John Gerner, managing director for amusement-park-consulting company Leisure Business Advisors.
"Although this imaginary theme park has Disney-like theming, it appears to have conventional rides and activities (such as an arcade)," Gerner told Engadget over email. "Cost would, therefore, be based on scale, capacity and country. A role model could be a Legoland theme park."
Legoland's parent company Merlin Entertainment builds its parks, which today require an investment of over 30 billion yen (or around $275 million), according to the Nikkei Asian Review. That's possibly what it cost to construct the latest Legoland in Japan, which opened in April 2017. That park targeted 2 million visitors during its first fiscal year, and according to a 2011 research paper by University of Central Florida's Kelly T. Kaak, the industry rule of "invest $100 per customer you expect to serve in the first year" is actually more like $109.61 per anticipated guest.
So, if Blizzard World were to anticipate 2 million visitors in its first year, Blizzard could reasonably spend a low estimate of $219 million building the park. That's a more manageable goal than trying to compete with the original Disneyland off the bat, which welcomed 17.9 million visitors in 2016, according to the Themed Entertainment Association's annual report. But there's no denying that it's more expensive to secure land in prime locations for a theme park these days.
When Disneyland first opened its doors in 1955, it only cost $17 million to construct (or about $156 million today, adjusted for inflation). The price to erect Shanghai Disneyland, which opened in mid-2016, was $5.5 billion. Even the upcoming Legoland located a few hours north of New York City is expected to cost $500 million to build.
A Blizzard World built today would face fierce competition. A March 2017 report from The Park Database pointed out that less than 10 percent of amusement parks worldwide take in over 80 percent of all the industry's revenue. Disney's and Universal Studios' locations in Southern California, Florida and Japan are the only ones taking in over $1 billion in revenue annually each, while the average for a Legoland park is $114.7 million. In other words, don't expect to build a new park and reach Disney's level of success.
But Blizzard has something that other small parks don't: A roster of popular entertainment franchises with serious recognizability in certain global communities. This is a big advantage for Disney and Universal at the top of the theme-park food chain:
"For both Disney and Universal, their theme parks are a location-based delivery system for the rest of their media business," The Park Database report stated. "Both brands of parks are owned by media and entertainment conglomerates with television, movie and other media properties that allow cross-pollinating ... business models between their theme parks and the rest of their assets."
Blizzard doesn't have characters as internationally famous as Mickey Mouse, Luke Skywalker or Harry Potter. But it does have four successful flagship franchises, all with very recognizable characters that resonate with fans: Overwatch's popular female hero, D.Va, became a symbol for a feminist group in South Korea, whose members brandished her logo at last year's Women's March. That game's team has released a dozen short animations that have racked up between 9 million and 22 million views apiece, which are of such high quality that they look like dry runs for a Pixar-level feature-length film. And while the Warcraft movie underperformed domestically when it opened in mid-2016, it had the largest foreign-language debut in Chinese cinema history, taking over $150 million during its first weekend. Blizzard's non-gaming content is popular all over the world.
Would fans come to Blizzard World? Since 2005, tens of thousands have made the trek to the annual Blizzcon weekend in Anaheim, California; last year's brought a record 35,000 fans to the city's convention center, which is a block over from Disneyland. They come to get hands-on access to unreleased game content, watch pro-level tournaments and see Blizzard execs and team leads tease announcements for the next year. But they mainly come to join thousands of other equally hyped fans in an environment packed with statues, tapestries and swag from Blizzard's lineup of games.
Blizzard World, of course, is a love letter to those fans, a fantasy zone filled with the locations, props and references only veterans of Blizzard's oeuvre will understand. Who knows if any executive seriously considered the Overwatch stage as a blueprint for a real theme park. That said, the company did hold a fan art contest for a "Blizzard World" back in 2009, while the studio's concept artist Peter Lee had reportedly sketched out his own version of it while developing the abandoned MMO Titan.
How much are Blizzard World's daily operating expenses? "Luckily, in the world of Overwatch, there's ready access to clean power (similar to the power supplied by LumériCo), which means that in some areas Blizzard World is quite efficiently operated," Overwatch lead writer Chu told Engadget. "I don't have the exact figures in front of me, but I did a quick tally on the cost of the attractions in the StarCraft expansion to the park, which came out to 1,800 minerals and 275 vespene gas. You'd have to check with accounting, but that seems like a bargain to me."
A real park wouldn't be Blizzard's first permanent location built to entertain fans, either: The studio has two esports arenas; the first opened in Taipei in March 2017 and the second in Los Angeles. Those locations help spread the Blizzard brand and sell merchandise, which are both things that theme parks do well.
Blizzard has spent a lot of money willing the Overwatch League into existence and building arenas to promote its games as viable esports contenders. Given parent company Activision Blizzard's large revenue ($1.8 billion in Q3 2017 alone) and range of creative properties, it's not a stretch that something like a theme park could be viable.
But if they do, they might want to hurry up before a rumored knockoff park in China beats them to the punch. Or, for a little money up front, Overwatch's associate game director Keller could get started now.
"One of the really fun parts of working on Blizzard World was the amount of ideas that the team and the rest of Blizzard contributed to the map," Keller said. "If you would be so kind and offer me a small personal loan of several billion dollars I'll start working on a really solid design for the actual park straight away. I'll put everything into it that we've imagined. It would be so awesome!"
00:45 Reported News Briefs Shvat 19, 5777 , 15/02/17 Shvat 19, 5777 , 15/02/17 Jeep stolen from IDF base in the Negev A Sufa type jeep was stolen on Tuesday evening from a military base in the Negev. IDF forces are searching the area in an attempt to locate the vehicle. The military police launched an investigation in cooperation with the Israel Police.
► ◄ Last Briefs
(Steven Hirsch/New York Post via AP, Pool). In this May 25, 2018 file photo, Harvey Weinstein listens during a court proceeding in New York.
By JENNIFER PELTZ
Associated Press
NEW YORK (AP) - Harvey Weinstein was indicted on rape and criminal sex act charges, furthering the first criminal case to arise from a slate of sexual misconduct allegations against the former movie mogul.
Manhattan District Attorney Cyrus R. Vance Jr. said Wednesday's indictment brings Weinstein "another step closer to accountability" for alleged attacks on two women in New York.
Weinstein's lawyer, Benjamin Brafman, said he would "vigorously defend" against the indictment and ask a court to dismiss it. He called the allegations "unsupported" and reiterated that Weinstein strongly denies them.
The indictment came hours after Weinstein's lawyer said the film producer would decline to testify before the grand jury because there wasn't enough time to prepare him and "political pressure" made an indictment unavoidable.
"Regardless of how compelling Mr. Weinstein's personal testimony might be, an indictment was inevitable due to the unfair political pressure being placed on Cy Vance to secure a conviction of Mr. Weinstein," the statement said.
Weinstein, 66, learned of the specific charges and the accusers' identities only after turning himself on Friday, according to his lawyers. Brafman said that with a deadline set for Wednesday afternoon for Weinstein to testify or not, prosecutors denied his request for more time.
Vance said the Weinstein camp's "recent assault on the integrity of the survivors and the legal process is predictable."
"We are confident that when the jury hears the evidence, it will reject these attacks out of hand," Vance said in a statement.
Weinstein was charged Friday with raping one woman and committing a criminal sex act by compelling oral sex from another. A grand jury continued hearing evidence in the case, as it had been doing for weeks.
Defendants have the right to testify in a grand jury's secret proceedings but often don't, for various reasons.
Freed on $1 million bail and electronic monitoring, he is due back in court July 30, though that date may now be moved up in light of the indictment.
Beyond the two women involved in the case, dozens more women have accused Weinstein of sexual misconduct ranging from harassment to assault in various locales.
He has denied all allegations of nonconsensual sex, and Brafman said Tuesday that Weinstein was "confident he's going to clear his name" in the New York prosecution.
Brafman called the rape allegation "absurd," saying that the accuser and Weinstein had a decade-long, consensual sexual relationship that began before and continued after the alleged 2013 attack.
The woman, who hasn't been identified publicly, told investigators that Weinstein confined her in a hotel room and raped her.
The other accuser in the case, former actress Lucia Evans, has gone public with her account of Weinstein forcing her to perform oral sex at his office in 2004. The Associated Press does not identify alleged victims of sexual assaults unless they come forward publicly.
Vance, a Democrat, came under public pressure from women's groups to prosecute Weinstein after declining to do so in 2015, when an Italian model went to police to say Weinstein had groped her during a meeting.
Police set up a sting in which the woman recorded herself confronting Weinstein and him apologizing for his conduct. But Vance decided there wasn't enough evidence to bring charges.
Gov. Andrew Cuomo, also a Democrat, ordered the state attorney general to investigate how Vance handled that matter.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Unsettled To Start The New Week
by Ben Lang
Coverage of rain and storms is very low this afternoon, with only a few downpours ongoing in Pike county as of 4:45PM. A broken line of rain and storms is pushing westward through Mississippi, and if it holds together could impact west Alabama later on tonight. However, these storms will also likely be weakening after sunset, so the chance for rain remains low tonight. Get ready for another warm and muggy night, temperatures only fall into the mid 70s under a partly cloudy sky.
More widespread storms return Monday. Looks dry for the morning commute, but storms start firing from the late morning hours onward through the early evening. Monday night still looks dry overall, and you can expect a return to a partly cloudy sky. Lows will be in the middle 70s. Higher-than-normal rain chances continue for Tuesday and Wednesday. Although severe storms are unlikely, they will still be capable of heavy rainfall and at times intense lightning. Rain chances drop a little to end the week, as an upper level subtropical ridge builds over top of the southeast. High temperatures may be closer to the mid 90s Thursday and Friday as well.
Afternoon storms continue through the weekend, but neither day looks like a total washout. As of right now next Monday, which is August 21st and the solar eclipse, looks like it could be dry for south Alabama. Much too early to tell, but that would bode well for viewing Monday afternoon.
SANAA, Yemen (AP) — The Latest on the situation in Yemen (all times local):
12:10 p.m.
Yemeni tribesmen say suspected Islamic militants have attacked a checkpoint in southern Yemen, killing at least 12 soldiers.
The tribesmen say Tuesday's attack started with a mortar round fired at the checkpoint, followed by heavy gunfire that killed most of its guards. The checkpoint is near the southern city of Ataq, the provincial capital of Shabwa.
They tribesmen spoke on condition of anonymity because they weren't authorized to speak to the media.
The troops guarding the checkpoint are part of a unit called the Elite Shabwa Force that was trained by the United Arab Emirates and deployed last year to the region. It declared victory over al-Qaida's branch in Yemen, which used Shabwa as a safe haven. The UAE is part of a Saudi-led coalition battling Yemen's Shiite rebels who control the country's north.
Meanwhile, UAE-trained forces in the city of Aden — some 400 kilometers, or 250 miles, from Shabwa— have battled Yemeni government forces there and seized control of a district where the presidential palace is located.
—Ahmed Al-Haj in Sanaa, Yemen;
___
10 a.m.
Yemeni security officials say the prime minister is preparing to flee the country for Saudi Arabia after separatists seized the area around the presidential palace in the southern port city of Aden in fierce battles overnight.
The officials say fighters loyal to the so-called Southern Transitional Council fought all way to the gates of the Palace of Maashiq in the district of Crater in Aden, forcing President Abed Rabbo Mansour Hadi's troops to abandon their positions.
They said Hadi's prime minister and several Cabinet members would leave imminently to Riyadh.
The palace is the seat of Yemen's internationally backed government. The separatist forces did not enter the palace itself and were stopped by Saudi Arabian troops who have been guarding the palace for the past months.
Our Father, who art in heaven, hallowed be thy Name. Thy kingdom come. THY WILL BE DONE, on earth as it is in heaven. Give us this day our daily bread. And forgive us our trespasses, as we forgive those who trespass against us. And lead us not into temptation, but DELIVER US FROM EVIL.
For Thine is the kingdom and the power and the glory, forever and ever. Amen †
RALEIGH, N.C. (AP) — Bank of America settled a decades-old case that accused its predecessor company of systematically discriminating against black applicants for entry-level jobs in Charlotte, the U.S. Labor Department said Monday.
The largest U.S. consumer bank settled the 1993 case against its Charlotte-based predecessor NationsBank by agreeing that 1,027 people who applied for clerical, teller and administrative positions a generation ago would share $1 million in back wages and interest, the department said.
Bank of America's penalty roughly corresponds to what a Labor Department review board last year determined it should pay, according to court documents. The bank challenged the decision in federal court before reaching the settlement. A district court judge delayed that case until Bank of America fully complies with the settlement.
"Although much time and effort has gone into this case by all parties, the department is pleased that the matter has been resolved," Thomas Dowd, the agency's acting director for federal contract compliance programs, said in a statement.
NationsBank merged with San Francisco-based Bank of America in 1998.
Bank of America did not respond to emailed questions about why it fought the case for so long or why it settled now. The bank said in a statement: "We remain committed to fair hiring practices. While we continue to disagree with the Department of Labor's analyses, we are pleased to have resolved this nearly-25-year-old matter."
The dispute began during the first year of former President Bill Clinton's administration, when the department decided to check whether NationsBank was living up to its legal requirement for doing business with the federal government to not discriminate in employment because of race, color, religion or other conditions.
Labor Department inspectors found a disparity in the percentage of minority applicants compared with white applicants.
The Labor Department filed an administrative complaint against NationsBank in 1997 seeking to cancel all federal contracts until the bank complied with federal law.
NationsBank countered that the agency violated its constitutional rights by repeatedly targeting the company for audits and said it believed it was illegal to demand race-based quotas in the company's hiring practices.
The Labor Department said it is looking for some of the affected applicants and is urging black jobseekers who were not hired in 1993 to find more information at its website .
___
Emery Dalesio can be reached at http://twitter.com/emerydalesio
“The clamor to identify ‘an author' is indicative of an alarming trend by opponents of our investigation,” Mr. Nelson said, “which is to promote spurious allegations against committee embers and staff. They will not impact the committee's focus and commitment to continue this investigation.”
But he praised Mr. Patel, saying, “We value Kash's dedication and his contributions to the committee's oversight efforts.”
Mr. Patel, who did not respond to a request for comment for this article, grew up in Garden City, N.Y., and graduated from the University of Richmond in 2002. He earned a certificate in international law from the University College London Faculty of Laws, according to his Facebook page, and graduated from Pace University's law school in 2005.
Photo
He spent part of his career in the Miami area as a federal public defender in Florida before surprising his co-workers there by taking a job at the Justice Department in 2014, according to his Facebook profile.
In early 2016, during a court appearance in Houston, Mr. Patel found himself in the cross hairs of Judge Lynn N. Hughes of Federal District Court, who became incensed that Mr. Patel had used the internet credentials of another lawyer to give notice that he would be involved in a terrorism case, and then did not like how he was dressed.
“The last thing I need here, Mr. Patel,” the judge said, according to a transcript of the hearing, “is a bureaucrat who flies down here at great expense and causes trouble rather than actually is a productive member of the team.”
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
After working on counterterrorism cases at the Justice Department, Mr. Patel joined the Intelligence Committee last spring as a senior staff member, and has been at the forefront of Mr. Nunes's inquiry into whether the F.B.I. and the Justice Department abused the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act.
Over the summer, Mr. Nunes dispatched Mr. Patel and another member of the committee's Republican staff to London, where they showed up unannounced at the offices of Mr. Steele, a former British intelligence official.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Told Mr. Steele was not there, Mr. Patel and Douglas E. Presley, a professional staff member, managed to track him down at the offices of his lawyers. There, they said they were seeking only to establish contact with Mr. Steele, but were rebuffed and left without meeting him, according to two people with knowledge of the encounter.
A senior official for the Republican majority on the Intelligence Committee, who spoke on the condition of anonymity because he was not authorized to speak about the matter, said the purpose of the visit had been to make contact with Mr. Steele's lawyers, not Mr. Steele. Still, the visit was highly unusual and appeared to violate protocol, because they were trying to meet with Mr. Steele outside official channels.
Ordinarily, such a visit would be coordinated through lawyers, conducted with knowledge of the House Democrats, who were not informed and the American Embassy.
In the months since, Mr. Patel has apparently forged connections at the White House. In November, he posted a series of photos to Facebook of him and several friends wearing matching shirts at the White House bowling alley. “The Dons hit the lanes at 1600 Pennsylvania,” Mr. Patel wrote under the photos.
Reps call on COAS, IGP to check herdsmen attacks
…decry lack of humanitarian intervention
Kauthar Anumba-Khaleel
The House of Representatives has urged the Inspector General of Police, Ibrahim Idris and Chief of Army Staff, Gen. Tukur Buratai to set up a joint task force to deal decisively address the activities of suspected Herdsmen in Etsako Federal constituency of Edo state.
This is as it also urged the Department of State Service (DSS) to be proactive in monitoring the area to forestall future attacks on the people.
The resolutions sequels a motion on the need to arrest and prosecute suspected “Boko Haram” members parading as herdemen in Etsako Federal constituency moved yesterday Hon. Johnson Oghuma.
Oghuma in his debate noted the growing state of insecurity in the federal constituency which has led to incidences of rape, killings and kidnapping by purported herdsmen adding that these happenings are more rampant around Auchi-Warake area; Fugar-Ekperi and Okpella-Uluoke axis.
According to him, on 9 june, a couple, Mr. And Mrs. Wilson of Elele community while heading to the farm, were accosted by suspected herdsmen who killed the pregnant woman and left the man with deep machete cuts.
The lawmaker who said that these criminal activities have instilled fear in the people and adversely affected their socio-economic lives as they are no longer able to go about their lawful engagement, stressed the need for government to live up to its responsibilities as provided for in section 14(2)(b).
The House consequently mandated its committees Army, Police Affairs and National Security and Intelligence to ensure compliance.
Similarly, the House yesterday expressed concern over the continuing and brazen attacks by herdsmen on communities in Benue and other states.
To this effect, it resolved to set up an ad hoc committee to interface with relevant ministries and agencies of the federal government, affected state government, international development partners, donor agencies, Non-governmental organizations as well as the affected communities on the attacks and also carry out a fact finding mission to the affected communities.
The resolution is contained in a motion on the need for intervention in the incessant killing, destruction of property and displacement of communities by rampaging herdsmen.
Sponsor of the motion, Hon Mark Gbillah expressed worry that despite the fact that herdsmen have globally been labelled terrorists and ranked as the fourth most dangerous terrorist groups in the world after boko haram, ISIS and Al-Qaeda, the federal government along with its development partners, as not displayed “a fraction of the same effort to enhance the security and wellbeing of the states affected by those attacks as has been displayed in other regions of the country.
Gbillah noted that the federal government had set up several agencies such NDDC, Victim Support Fund, Presidential Committee on the North-East Initiative and the proposed Northeast development commission, to address the causes and consequences of restiveness and terrorists activities in the country lamented that no such intervention has been put in place to cater for Nigerians affected by terrorist actions of herdsmen.
“Comcerned that the federal government has not set up any agency or initiated any campaign to obtain the much-needed resources to redress the consequences herdsmen attacks in the affected communities compared to its efforts in other regions of the country and seemingly left state government to grapple with those overwhelming challenges”.
“Also concerned that international development partners and other donor agencies, perhaps borrowing a leaf from the federal government's lack luster attitude, have themselves ignored the prevailing herdsmen attacks, despite the intervention urgently required in the affected communities”, he stated.
The post Reps call on COAS, IGP to check herdsmen attacks appeared first on leadership.ng.
This post was syndicated from leadership.ng. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Blue Ivy, the world's most famous six-year-old, made her discerning tastes known this past weekend at the Wearable Art Gala in Los Angeles. The pint-sized celebrity bid on art pieces on behalf of parents Bey and Jay during the gala's auction, hosted by Star Jones. Blue bid a cool $17,000 on Tiffanie Anderson's “Young Sidney,” an acrylic painting of actor Sidney Poitier. Tyler Perry upped the ante by offering $18,000, and as Blue was about to up her bid to $19,000, Jay-Z playfully attempted to wrestle the bidding paddle out of her hands. Tyler Perry went home with the painting for $20,000, as Vanity Fair reports, but no need to fret for lil' Blue. She went home with the very next item: a piece of art composed of “deconstructed law books from Indiana and medical books from California” by artist Samuel Levi Jones. Blue won the piece with a bid of $10,000. Watch Blue in action below.
Blue Ivy out here bidding $19,000 for art. *cries in poorness* pic.twitter.com/SBoYL57Upq — Proto (@The__Prototype) March 18, 2018
Have your say
Health chiefs and care professionals have described the care home ‘crisis' in Harrogate as ‘a perfect storm'.
The claims by the Chair of the Scrutiny of Health Commission for North Yorkshire, Councillor Jim Clark, follow “shocking” new insolvency figures.
TORONTO — The morning after the Toronto Raptors' late-game meltdown against the Washington Wizards, DeMar DeRozan was still taking the blame.
DeRozan scored 35 points but was kicking himself for the shots he forced down the stretch, as the Raptors gave up a late eight-point lead in their 106-98 loss to Washington. The Raptors host the Wizards in Game 5 on Wednesday with the series tied at two games apiece.
“I just try to go out there and be aggressive,” DeRozan said. “It's just one of those nights where you find yourself sometimes you come off great, sometimes you could find yourself looking back and wishing you could take a few shots back that could have been, that you probably felt was forced. (Sunday) night was that.”
Coach Dwane Casey defended DeRozan, saying the loss was “on all of us.”
“It's no one person,” Casey said.
The Raptors will head back to Washington's Capital One Arena for Game 6 on Friday, and Game 7, if necessary, would be Sunday in Toronto.
Having earned their first No. 1 seed in franchise history, the Raptors have home court for the duration of the Eastern Conference playoffs. They have to hope they play as well at the Air Canada Centre as they did during the regular season, when they lost only seven games at home.
“The series is 2-2. That's why you play the entire season to get home-court advantage,” Casey said. “Now it's a three-game series and we've got two at our house. That's the way we've gotta look at it. You have a lot of series around the league, you've got Cleveland, you've got Boston in the situation. That's why you play as hard as you do during the regular season to get home-court advantage.”
Both the Boston versus Milwaukee and Cleveland versus Indiana series are tied at two games apiece.
The Raptors have some history on their side. Since the NBA expanded to 16 teams in 1984, only five No. 8 seeds have upset top seeds in the opening round of the playoffs. But in three of the past four years, the eighth seed has pushed the opening round series to six games. Washington versus Toronto is the fourth.
As Casey has pointed out since the series tipped off, however, Washington isn't a typical No. 8 seed. All-star guard John Wall missed half the season with a knee injury, returning a couple of weeks before the playoffs began — and he looks like he never left.
“To come and think this was gonna be an easy series, I said it before it even started: it's gonna be a nip-and-tuck dogfight for seven games, like a lot of other series around the Eastern Conference,” Casey said. “The Eastern Conference is a very balanced conference, a lot of even teams. You put John Wall on this team for 82 games and I guarantee they wouldn't be eighth.”
Still, Casey said there are numerous facets of their game the Raptors must clean up, particularly unforced and uncharacteristic turnovers. They had 18 on Sunday that led to 19 points for the Wizards.
“We had 10 turnovers (that were) just bad passes,” Casey said. “It's things we can control — making the obvious right pass, right decisions with the ball, and then once you catch it, be decisive.”
After finishing last in the league in assists last season, the Raptors climbed to sixth this season.
Casey said players turned down wide-open shots, particularly late in the game, which contributed to DeRozan forcing shots.
“Let 'em fly. C.J. Miles, Delon Wright, they've got to let those shots fly,” Casey said. “I don't care if you miss six or seven of them, if they're in the shot spectrum, they're your shots, you've got to shoot those shots. Because, you turn down that shot … We turned down one corner three and it turned into a layup for them because of a bad pass.”
Wright, who shot 37 per cent from three-point range in the regular-season, said he was one of the worst culprits.
“Yeah, two. Two for sure. Probably could be more, I don't know,” Wright said. “But yeah, for sure two threes that I passed up that I should've taken, and I already knew I should've.”
If there was a plus side to the Raptors' Game 4 loss, Casey said he liked the edge his team played with for most of the game. The Raptors raced out to an early double-digit lead, and didn't relinquish it until the third quarter.
“I did like the fight,” Casey said. “I thought we came out with the right intensity, right mindset of playing hard, physical.”
Mushure had an outstanding season with the Glamour Boys, skippering a relatively inexperienced side to second place finish in the Castle Lager Premier League.
With his cultured left foot, Mushure, blossomed especially in the second half of the season when he was pushed to a more advanced position in midfield.
The 32-year-old chipped in with a number of crucial goals especially for the Glamour Boys as well as creating a number of assists for his teammates from dead-ball situations.
But despite all his exploits it was FC Platinum's Rodwell Chinyengetere who was crowned the 2017 Soccer Star of the Year while his teammate Kevin Moyo was voted the first runner-up.
However, Mushure felt his exploits this season warranted more than just the second runner-up medal he won.
“I am not really happy because I was expecting to be crowned the winner considering how I performed this season,” a dejected Mushure said.
“I thought I had an outstanding season for both the club and country. I have been scoring goals as well as providing assists but such is life. I don't know what people looked at when they were voting. I have since made peace with it and I am looking forward to next season.”
Mushure's wife Audrey, who accompanied her husband to the ceremony, was, however, quick to console her husband saying it should motivate him to work harder next season.
“We just have to accept the results. We were expecting more but in football you just need to accept as it is,” said Audrey.
“You win some, and lose some. What I can tell him is that his spirit must not be dampened by this. He must come back stronger next season.”
Meanwhile, Dynamos striker Christian Ntouba was also happy to have made it on the Soccer Stars calendar in his first season in the country.
Ntouba illuminated the local Premiership with his goal scoring prowess especially in the first half of the season.
The Cameroonian, who signed a two-year contract with the Harare giants at the start of the 2016 season, shone throughout the first half of the season but somehow went off the radar when rumours of a switch to South African Premiership side Ajax Cape Town made headlines.
He eventually finished the season with 12 goals five behind Golden Boot winner Dominic Chungwa of CAPS United who netted 17 goals.
The highly rated marksman has reportedly attracted interest from South Africa's Absa Premiership sides.
“I am happy to be part of the best players in Zimbabwe. It feels good knowing that I contributed something but it could have been better if we had won the championship,” Ntouba said.
“But congratulations to the winners. I wish them well in the Champions League. I think the future of Zimbabwean football looks very bright. There are quite a number of good players in Zimbabwe with a lot of potential.” DailyNews
Transcript for Victims of van 'attack' predominantly women: Police
We turn next here to the deadly van attack in Toronto. The driver appearing to intentionally strike victims on the sidewalks and the streets there. The crime scene nearly a mile and a half long. And tonight, what investigators are now learning about the driver's possible motive. ABC's chief national correspondent Tom llamas in Toronto again tonight. Reporter: The chilling new video, a van turned killing machine, barrelling down the Toronto sidewalk, plowing into pedestrians. And tonight, as investigators scour the scene, a troubling portrait emerging of the man behind the wheel -- 25-year-old alek Minassian. The accused is alleged to have posted a cryptic message on Facebook, minutes before he began driving the rented van. Reporter: That message including these words -- "All hail supreme gentleman Elliott Rodger!" Rodger killed six people in a 2014 rampage near Santa Barbara. He recorded selfie videos lashing out at women. Can you at least say if the suspect was frustrated with his relationships with women? Again, because that's part of the evidence that's going to be part of our investigation. Reporter: Police say the injured victims were predominantly women, ranging from their 20s to their 80s. Vasiola biboli almost became one of them herself. You were walking on the street, and your friend literally had to pull you out of the way of the van? I just remember being pulled away into the direction and then he accelerated and hit the lady and all I can envision is that vivid image of the lady being on top of his hood and then being thrown to the ground. And then he ran over her as he plowed to the crowd. Reporter: Minassian now charged with ten counts of murder and 13 counts of attempted murder. Outside court, his father, emotional. He didn't say much, but the look on his face said it all. You were crying in court, sir. Can you tell us what you're feeling right now, please? I'm sorry. Reporter: And tonight, we're learning more about the traffic officer who stopped the rampage, constable Kenny lam. During that standoff, Minassian saying he had a gun, making threatening gestures. I have a gun in my pocket. I don't care. Get down. I have a gun in my pocket. Reporter: But constable lam, a 12-year veteran of the police force, managed to bring Minassian down and cuff him without firing a single shot. And Tom llamas with us again tonight from Toronto. You were in court today when the suspect was charged, and you're learning he did a short stint in the Canadian military? Reporter: That's right, David. We've just learned tonight that Minassian was in the Canadian military last year for only six days during troop recruitment training, but then he quit. Today, we did see him in court. He walked in with a white jail jumpsuit, sat there stonefaced. The only emotion in that courtroom came from his father. I saw him wiping away tears as his son was led away. David? Tom llamas with us again tonight. Thank you, Tom.
This transcript has been automatically generated and may not be 100% accurate.
SALT LAKE CITY (AP) - In a story Feb. 2 about Jon Huntsman Sr., The Associated Press erroneously reported the amount of money Huntsman gave to a super PAC supporting his son's presidential campaign. He gave more than $1.8 million, not $1.8 billion.
A corrected version of the story is below:
Jon Huntsman Sr., Utah billionaire and philanthropist, dies
Utah billionaire and philanthropist Jon Huntsman Sr. has died at the age of 80.
By MICHELLE L. PRICE and LINDSAY WHITEHURST
Associated Press
SALT LAKE CITY (AP) - Utah billionaire and philanthropist Jon Huntsman Sr., who overcame poverty to become one of the state's most successful and powerful people, died Friday at age 80.
Huntsman's longtime assistant Pam Bailey said he died in Salt Lake City but she declined to name a cause of death. The Huntsman Corp., which he founded, said in a statement that Huntsman died at his home, surrounded by family.
Huntsman was the founder and longtime executive chairman of the $11 billion company that refines raw materials that go into thousands of products. He was also the father of Jon Huntsman Jr., the U.S. ambassador to Russia and former Utah governor, presidential candidate and ambassador to China and Singapore.
The elder Huntsman and his family have given away more than $1.4 billion, including donations to a Salt Lake City cancer institute that bears his name.
"Cancer is hideous and deplorable and must be conquered, and it will be, as any evil eventually is defeated," Huntsman wrote in his 2014 autobiography. He said he would see to it that the institute continues its mission "if it takes my last dollar--and I expect that will be the case."
In 1970, Huntsman founded the Huntsman Container Corp., which focused on food packaging and pioneered the clamshell container used for McDonald's Corp.'s Big Mac hamburger. He formed Huntsman Chemical Corp. in 1982 and more than a decade later, consolidated his companies as Huntsman Corp., producing materials used in a wide range of products, from textiles and paints to plastics and aviation components.
Huntsman stepped down from his role in December and his son Peter Huntsman took over as the company's leader. His father continued to serve on the company's board of director and was named chairman emeritus.
"He leaves behind a great company, but even more so, a legacy of optimism, ethical behavior and philanthropy that will serve as his greatest accomplishments," Peter Huntsman said in a statement.
After amassing his fortune, Jon Huntsman gave more than $100 million in the mid-1990s to establish a research center at the University of Utah dedicated to finding a cure for cancer through human genetics. Huntsman, who lost both his parents to cancer and fought his own battle with the disease, eventually gave more than $400 million to the Huntsman Cancer Institute and its foundation.
He also wielded his power as a billionaire benefactor to the center. After the cancer institute's director and CEO was fired in April 2017, Huntsman mounted a public campaign criticizing leaders of the university and took out full-age newspaper advertisements calling the officials "inept and uncaring." The director and CEO was reinstated a week after her firing and the school's health care leader and president stepped down.
The billionaire and his family also gave generously to Utah's homeless shelters as well as more than $50 million to the Armenian people after a 1988 earthquake in that country left thousands homeless.
He also played key roles in state and national politics.
Huntsman was a special assistant to President Richard Nixon and briefly ran his own 1988 campaign for Utah's governor.
Huntsman later served as a finance chairman for Mitt Romney's 2008 presidential bid and in 2012, worked for his son's presidential bid, giving more than $1.8 million to a super PAC supporting the younger Huntsman.
Following his son's short-lived race for the Republican nomination, Huntsman kept a toehold in Utah current affairs, occasionally offering political commentary to Utah newspapers and even expressing an interest in purchasing The Salt Lake Tribune.
His son Paul Huntsman purchased the newspaper in 2016 and named his father chairman emeritus.
In the 1980s, Huntsman explored purchasing the Tribune's competitor, the Mormon-church owned Deseret News. He met with high-level leaders with The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints but faith leaders did not want to pursue the offer, Huntsman wrote in his autobiography.
A committed member of the Mormon church, Huntsman served in several high-level leadership positions with the faith and had close friendships with the past five church presidents.
The First Presidency of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints said in a statement that his "legacy of faithful leadership, generosity and goodness" would be a beacon for many around the world.
Huntsman said the family was exposed to the dark side of wealth and fame in 1987, when his then-16-year-old son James Huntsman was kidnapped at knifepoint from his driveway. The teenager was forced to call his father to arrange payment of $1 million ransom. He was later rescued by FBI agents.
Huntsman was born in 1937 in Blackfoot, Idaho and later moved to California, where he met his wife Karen while in junior high there.
The couple later moved to Salt Lake City in the 1970s where they raised nine children, many of whom became involved in the family business.
Huntsman is survived by his wife and eight children. One daughter, Kathleen Ann Huntsman, died in 2010 at age 44 after struggling for years with an eating disorder.
Bailey had no immediate details on funeral plans Friday.
___
This story has been updated to correct the current value of the Huntsman Corp. It is $11 billion, not $13 billion.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Posted on Dec 7, 2017 in Boardgames, Front Page Features
The Russians strike West and the clock tolls for Hindenburg's Hour! Game Review
Hindenburg's Hour: The Tannenberg Campaign, 1914 Game Review Publisher: Dr. Richter Konflictsimulationen \ Gesellschaft für historische simulationen (Society for historical simulations), Designer: Benjamin Richter Price $29.95
Ray Garbee
Passed Inspection: Solitaire game. Compact game with die cut counters. Small table footprint that is perfect for small spaces or as a travel companion. Fast playing game that models the high-level decision making by the German Eighth Army in the Tannenberg campaign. Nice map that captures the feel of the period while still overlaid with a hex grid for movement.
Failed Basic: Could have used a spare small plastic bag in which to store the counters, once punched out.
Good things do come in small packages! Dr. Benjamin Richter has produced a compact, elegant game that covers the Russian invasion of East Prussia in 1914. While the main armies of Germany, Britain and France clashed in the West, a single German army fended off an invasion by two numerically superior, though less capable Russian armies. The German plan is to protect Konigsberg and buy time for the western armies to win and march east. To do so, The German Eight Army under Hindenburg and Luddendorf would wage a campaign of mobile warfare that would become the model for how a small force could defeat a more numerous invader.
At first glance, Hindenburg's Hour reminds you of the classic microgames from the early days of Steve Jackson Games. Slightly larger than the classic microgames, Hindenburg's Hour is printed on an A4 sheet folded in half. A small single counter sheet containing 25 pre-cut multi-color counters is included depicting the units of the combatants and a handful of status markers. The staple bound rule book runs a total of 11 pages.
The game has straight forward mechanics. Each of the Russian armies move and attack sequentially, then the Germans react by moving and attacking with their four (4) corps. This is an interesting approach as the ponderous Russian bear lumbers forward swatting at all in it's way, while the nimble German corps dance around and conduct pin-point attacks designed to disrupt and delay the Russian advance.
The Russian ‘bot' sticks to pre-defined movement options for each Army. The amount of movement is controlled by a die roll but that die roll is modified by the number of impaired units in each army. A spoiling attack can delay the Russian advance by a day or two. It does a nice job of modeling the chaos and confusion that accompanied the Russian invasion.
Combat by the Russians is a general offensive that includes all German units in the path of each Russian Army. Units will generally retreat away from the enemy but if all retreat options are cut off, the unit is eliminated. Combat is short and sweet with the outcome being heavily influenced by the ratio of corps involved between the Russians and Germans. The Germans appear to have an advantage as they can target their offensive with scalpel-sharp focus while the Russians will fight all German forces in their path.
With determining the winner and loser handled by a quick die roll, the real activity is in determining how disrupted each side becomes as a result of the battle. You may ‘lose' the battle and fall back, but ‘win' the disruption dice rolls and stop and offensive in its tracks. All of this fighting is great, but it rarely kills units. To do that you'll need to march your troops into position and cut the Russian supply lines. Do this effectively and the starving Russian armies will surrender en masse emulating the historical Battle of Tannenberg.
The game has a simple strategy to envision, but it is a challenging tactical puzzle to execute. While the stated objective is to successfully protect and defend Konigsberg from the advancing Russians, you can't win without dismembering those invading Russian armies. By which, you have to eliminate substantially more Russian Corps than German Corps you lose. The good news is that it's relatively hard to lose a German Corps.
But how to win? Defending Konigsberg is easy enough, but that alone won't win you the game. You'll be tempted to wage a delaying action on the frontiers. You can do so easily – however, you can't win unless you eliminate Russian units. The Germans need to ‘cut out' Russian Corps so they hopefully are isolated from their supply lines and surrender to the Germans, thereby being removed from play.
Isolating a Russian Corp requires a pincer attack to drive holes in the Russian line. It's harder than it sounds as adjacent units tend to pull back and cover each other's flanks. You have to create the conditions that push units into positions that either cause them to fold due to an inability to retreat or lack of supply. You'll need to concentrate your forces to disrupt, surround and isolate the Russian units.
So how does it play? In a word – quick! Once you understand the rules, the game can be played to a conclusion in about an hour. Russian movement must follow structured boundaries which makes for a ponderous advance on a broad front. The Russian turn segments go by quickly thanks to the AI engine. You'll spend more of your time each turn on the German movement and combats.
The Germans (i.e. YOU) must combine using subtle shifts of corps with the occasional forced march dash to target their attacks against specific Russian corps. This is where the ability to shift units by rail within Prussia is a key operational advantage. Once in position, you have to hit the disrupted Corps hard and force them back. Doing this breaks up the Russian line, slowing the advance and hopefully creating gaps between Russian corps which the Germans can use to surround the Russians and force them into out of supply scenario.
While the rulebook is thin, you need to read it carefully as you must learn the unique requirements and restrictions regarding movement and combat of both the Germans and the Russians. There is much similarity in the mechanics, but each side has characteristics the reflection both their operational abilities and handicaps that make the campaign unique.
The game provides a fairly historical result. While the Russians are attempting a grand envelopment from the East and the South, the Germans are simultaneously reaching for an envelopment within the envelopment as they try to defeat each Russian army in detail before either reaches Konigsberg.
It sounds like a formidable task, but the Germans have much going for them – superior tactical skills, operational intelligence, better supply and the advantages of interior lines. For such a small game, it gives a feel for a very small German army facing envelopment by two large forces. You'll have to allow for the rash actions of one of your subordinate commanders. Historically, the German 1st Corp was prone to ignoring its orders and striking out in ways that complicated the broader attacks of the army.
The game puts the player into the position of the German army commander on the Russian Front in August 1914. Your immediate goal is to delay the Russian advance on Konigsberg. But your ultimate goal is to eliminate as many Russian units as possible. You'll have to carefully plan your attacks so that you can place he is Russian units in positions that first slow their advance and then eliminate them. With only your four (4) army corps to implement your counteroffensive, you'll have to plan carefully and act quickly.
The geography of the Masurian Lakes is well represented through the map. The terrain shapes the decision making by the player that emulates his historical counterparts. For example, the Germans can cut out some First Armies units, but it's tough. Getting around the First Army's flanks is not easy matter, especially whiles fighting on the frontier beyond the well-developed supply network within Prussia.
The Russian Second Army is an easier target as most of the fighting happens with Prussia without some of the maneuver restrictions imposed by the game on operating on the Russian frontier. These constraints drive a historical result as fighting within Prussia leads to the conditions for effective cutting out of the Russian Corps. The second playthrough of the game saw a large envelopment happen right at Tannenberg, doing a good job of simulating a historical result.
Hindenburg's Hour is an excellent choice to present as a solitaire game. The factors conspiring against the Russians – poor supply, broken radio codes and superior German aerial reconnaissance lend themselves to the solitaire game format.
Unlike some solitaire games, Hindenburg's Hour does require that you exercise thought and make decisions as to where to commit your troops. The game will certainly provide replay value for several games. The unpredictable nature of the German 1st Corp and Russian armies will provide a degree of uncertainty that should help keep each game experience fresh.
A fear with many games is that it is possible that once you can crack the mechanism that knocks out the Russian units you'll wonder if you are really ‘thinking' through the exercise or are you just solving a puzzle with the same key each game? If that's the case the game might become stale with repeated playing. Happily, I can say that this was not my experience.
Dr. Richter has crafted a compact game that will provide insights into the opening days of World War I on Prussian frontier. If you have little to no experience with this period, you'll learn a fair bit about the geography and military campaigns of this historic military campaign.
Armchair General Rating: 94%
Solitaire Rating: 5 (1 = low solitaire, 5 = perfect for solo play)
Ray Garbee has been a gamer for the past four decades, Ray's interests include the Anglo-Sikh Wars through the conflicts of the 20th Century and beyond but his passion remains ACW naval gaming. Currently, Ray works as a business analyst in the IT field while continuing to design tabletop games. His past works include Iron Thunder, Anaconda, Anaconda: Capital Navies and articles in a number of defunct hobby magazines. When not busy gaming, Ray enjoys working on his model railroad, hiking and sport shooting at the local range.
Stuck in the 1970s, weakly humorous and generally giving off a sense of Britain falling apart at the seams: there's little difference between the grayscale, brown-jacketed world of Jeremy Corbyn and that portrayed on almost certainly his teatime TV favourite On The Buses. Both Corbyn and his sitcom equivalent engender this sense of England: a place framed by frayed clothes, weak and watery tea, warm beer, inedible sandwiches, awful puns, garish interior fabrics and constant rain. Jeremy Corbyn deals in the politics of socialist nostalgia, the attic of his mind is a retirement home for the broken ideas and shattered ideals of the old left. Favoured among this kunstkammer of intellectual junk are outmoded and technologically superseded modes of transport. For Corbyn, the bus represents the collective society. It's knackered, grim and useless. But that's all just fine to him, because everyone's stuck in it together…
As Corbyn drove on with his bus-centric PMQs, a note in his voice gave the game away. For the Labour leader it's not so much about prices, or transport to rural areas. The demographic at issue is age, not class: it's all about turning back the clock to when the bus was the only option. There's no space in Jezza's worldview for that gas-guzzlingly glorious glimpse of individual freedom – the dream of the long and open road – represented by the motor car. Jezza's anorak-like affection for broken down heaps of junk extends instead only to trains. As well as a bus botherer, he is a trainspotter, a lifelong reader of Rail magazine, a proponent of a ‘people's railway'. The fantasy is to return to when nothing worked, but predictably so. When Britain was reliably crap, for everyone, all of the time…
If the Tories had guts, they'd challenge Corbyn on his luddite, anti-technological philosophy. His antiquated worldview actually contrasts with the full-automation mindset of his younger supporters – that's an interesting weakness. His fans are often innovators, albeit in a socialist mold. Instead, Theresa May entered a PMQs time-loop of her own. In what seemed a less assured performance than those of the previous few weeks, she stuttered into a gaffe which set the House roaring:
“”When we leave the UK…”
The Prime Minister looked down the tabs that adorn her folder – alas, none were marked ‘bus'. She was left without facts with which to parry away Corbyn's rather specific questions. Instead she fell back on a now often-deployed mantra: a list of various achievements which do not even pretend to be related to the matter at issue. Record employment is always in there. Usually there is a (debatable) factoid about waiting times. One expects to hear “Brexit means Brexit”. Put together in so general a manner that is deployable in any circumstances, this litany is now the PM's answer of last resort..
Presented with two leaders who so often fail to sparkle, Wednesday lunchtimes have become a dour and awkward sitcom in their own right. One MP texted after PMQs: “I can't wait to get on the bus to recess…”
In a brilliant case of synchronicity, Leonardo DiCaprio is set to play Leonardo da Vinci in a new movie.
The Paramount studio has just won a bidding war for the rights to the forthcoming book ‘Leonardo da Vinci' by the eminent biographer and journalist Walter Isaacson, known for his books on Albert Einstein and Steve Jobs.
Though the book isn't due out until October, Paramount is said to have paid a seven-figure sum to secure the option to make it into a movie.
Deadline reports that DiCaprio will star in the movie, and produce it through his Appian Way company.
(Credit: Deadline) More
But the best part is, obviously, that DiCaprio will star as his namesake, the Renaissance polymath known for his genius in the fields of art and science.
So goes the story that DiCaprio's mother felt her unborn child kick for the very first time while she was looking at a painting by da Vinci at the Uffizi Gallery in Florence in 1974.
And so Leonardo's name was chosen.
It'll not be the first time that Isaacson's books have reached the screen – his book ‘Steve Jobs' was the basis for Danny Boyle's biopic starring Michael Fassbender in 2015.
Read more
Tom Cruise injured on Mission: Impossible set
Cameron explains why all T-800 Terminators look like Arnie
Sharon Stone posts amazing video of her Basic Instinct audition
NEW YORK (CBSNewYork) — The NYPD is asking for the public's help identifying a pair of individuals involved in a home invasion and attempted robbery at a residence in Queens.
Police said the incident happened at approximately 1 a.m. on April 15 at the corner of 108th Street and 38th Avenue. A 40-year-old male was leaving his apartment for work when he noticed a package on his doorstep. When he reached down to pick up the package two individuals exited the hallway stairwell and pushed him into his apartment. Once inside, the assailants detained the victim, shoved and restrained him, and then hit him in the chest with a stun gun, police said.
The victim's wife came out of a bedroom and screamed, startled the two attackers, who then took off on foot.
The victim sustained an abrasion, bruising and small lacerations, police said.
The suspects were said to be around 6 foot and each were last seen wearing dark clothing and a multicolored motorcycle helmet.
Anyone with information is asked to call the NYPD's Crime Stoppers Hotline at 1-800-577-TIPS (8477) or for Spanish, 1-888-57-PISTA (74782). The public can also submit their tips by logging onto the Crime stoppers website at WWW.NYPDCRIMESTOPPERS.COM or by texting their tips to 274637 (CRIMES) then enter TIP577.
A Sunderland woman threatened her ex-partner's new girlfriend that she would ‘melt her face off' with a mixture of bleach, boiling water and sugar in an avalanche of sickening facebook messages, a court heard.
Courtney Brown, 23, told the victim she would disfigure her so that no man would look at her again, South Tyneside magistrates heard.
I will melt your face off that bad that nobody will ever look at you again Courtney Brown
The terrifying threats were made over social media between September 19 and November 7, by Brown.
Prosecutor Justin Gibson said the victim and Brown's ex, with whom she has a three-year-old child, had been communicating on Facebook since August.
The court heard there was then an alleged incident in which Brown smashed up her former partner's flat, on September 17.
Them on November 3, his new girlfriend started receiving messages via facebook.
One message read: “I'm coming down to bray you,” Mr Gibson said.
The court heard the victim contacted her niece in an effort to stop the defendant acting out the threats.
However, the messages only got worse.
One read: “I'm coming for you, simple as that.
“I won't stop until bleach, boiling water and sugar hits your face.
“Watch out for this love. I will melt your face off that bad that nobody will ever look at you again.
“I will personally murder you with my bare hands.
“I know where you live. I'm going to smash your windows and blow your house up.”
Brown, of Sevenoaks Drive, Hastings Hill, pleaded guilty to harassment, putting her victim in fear of violence.
A victim personal statement was read out in court.
It said: “I am petrified. I haven't been able to sleep or eat properly.
“I'm worried to leave the house as I feel that she will kill me if I leave the house.
“This has caused me a great deal of distress over the past few weeks.”
Susan Gray, defending, said: “This is her first time in court and although the offence is serious and the messages are particularly unpleasant, there is no suggestion in her background or her actions that she was going to carry out these threats.
“She had been with her ex-partner for six years and they have a three-year-old child.
“They split up earlier in the year and she was devastated by that, although it was not a happy relationship.
“She has mental health problems. She has mood swings that go from anger to elation and she is medicated.
“Shortly after that break-up, she found out that her ex was in a relationship with this lady.
“It seems to have gone quiet after September. Then between November 3 and 7 it started again.
“Miss Brown found out that he was seeing her and she couldn't cope with that and she took to social media.
“She expressed herself in a way that is completely unacceptable.
“The threats weren't carried out and there was no chance of them being carried out. It would be completely against her whole ethos.
“There has been no contact since the arrest was made.”
The bench asked for a pre-sentence report to be prepared by the Probation Service and Brown will be sentenced at a later date.
She was bailed on the conditions that she does not contact prosecution witnesses, attend Gala Bingo in The Galleries, Washington, or enter Penshaw Village.
BANGOR, Maine — A Maine man who killed his ex-girlfriend before leading police on the longest manhunt in state history is due to be sentenced this week.
The sentencing hearing for Robert Burton is scheduled for Friday.
He was convicted in October.
Burton spent weeks in the woods after fatally shooting 37-year-old Stephanie “Ginn” Gebo in her Parkman home in June 2015. He was on the lam for 68 days before turning himself in.
Police say Gebo feared Burton and slept with a gun under her pillow after they broke up.
Defence attorneys say Burton acted in self-defence after Gebo shot him in the shoulder. A medical examiner has said Gebo was shot in the back.
The New York Times has learned that an employee of the organization was paid $25,000 in 2015 as part of an agreement that concealed her allegations that Mr. Martin had groped and propositioned her in his apartment during what was supposed to be a work meeting.
In an interview, she said the August 2015 incident changed her life.
“I joined JLUSA to empower people and instead had all the power taken away from me,” the woman, 32, said. “I was rendered powerless and silenced while he was empowered with an even bigger microphone.”
The encounter took place when the organization was still forming a board. The review of the employee's allegations and the confidential agreement made with her were handled by Arabella Advisors, a philanthropy services firm that manages the New Venture Fund, one of the early nonprofit supporters of JustLeadershipUSA.
As part of the agreement, which The Times have reviewed, the woman had promised not to discuss the allegations or money she received. She said she agreed to termination and $25,000 in compensation after declining an offer to remain with the nonprofit but to work from home.
When she learned of Mr. Martin's resignation, she suspected that there were other instances of misconduct. After she was contacted by The Times, she said she had decided to breach the nondisclosure pact because she wanted to support other women who had talked to The Times about their experiences with Mr. Martin.
Two of those women, both of whom work for criminal justice nonprofits, said in interviews that they were subjected to lewd acts by Mr. Martin — incidents that occurred after the confidential agreement with the former employee. In separate incidents, in 2016 and 2017, the women said, Mr. Martin masturbated in front of each of them.
Like the former employee, the two other women said they wanted to preserve their privacy, and they agreed to be interviewed on the condition that their names not be published.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Mr. Martin, 47, through an attorney, denied any inappropriate conduct with the former employee or with the other two women.
Photo
“Glenn vehemently denies any of the allegations that are the subject of this article. These allegations are simply not true,” Keith White, his lawyer, said in a statement.
Vivian D. Nixon, chairwoman of the JLUSA board, said the employee never approached her about her concerns and that the “investigation and settlement were not shared with the founding JLUSA board of directors.”
At that time, JLUSA was still seeking tax-exempt status, so the New Venture Fund, a nonprofit based in Washington, D. C., acted as the group's fiscal sponsor and handled personnel matters.
“We were not made aware of any concerns by our fiscal sponsor about moving forward with the formation of JLUSA under Glenn Martin's leadership,” Ms. Nixon said in a statement.
Lee Bodner, president of the New Venture Fund, said in an emailed response to questions, “I talked to our lawyer, and everything here is covered by confidentiality and nondisclosure obligations and we cannot discuss them.”
On Tuesday, Ms. Nixon and the organization condemned abuse and harassment while also saying space needed to be made for both victims and offenders to heal.
JLUSA now has about two dozen employees and has secured millions of dollars from big-name charities, including the Ford Foundation, Google.org and the Chan Zuckerberg Initiative, the foundation started by Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg and his wife, Priscilla Chan. In 2016, Mr. Martin was appointed to a commission to look into Rikers. Last year, he starred in a commercial urging Mayor Bill de Blasio to close Rikers.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
But in its early days, the organization was based in Mr. Martin's Harlem apartment and had a small staff. The employee who later made her accusations said she was inspired to work for the group because many of her relatives had been incarcerated and, in her view, unfairly punished by the justice system.
On a Monday in August 2015, the woman and another employee stuffed envelopes for a fund-raiser at Mr. Martin's apartment from around 4 p.m. until 7 p.m. The woman said it was the first time she had been in Mr. Martin's home.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
After the woman and the other employee left, she glanced down at her phone at around 7:30 p.m. and saw that Mr. Martin had texted her at 7:09 p.m. “Was going to ask u to get a drink with me and discuss JLUSA 2016 planning.”
She returned to his building for the meeting. For about two hours, they talked about work over a bottle of wine. But at around 10:15 p.m., Mr. Martin shifted the tone of the conversation and told her he was attracted to her, she said.
The woman detailed her account of the night's events in an email two days later to human resources at Arabella Advisors.
Mr. Martin “comes toward me and kisses me. He touches my face, shoulder, waist, breasts. I shake my head. I say no and look down at the ground for a while and his hands are all over me. He tells me he fantasizes about me all the time. He says I need to let him get this out of his system. That phrase is said at least three times until I leave.”
His advances, including requests to join him in his bedroom, continued. “He repeatedly said he's not going to sleep with me but that I should come into the bedroom with him,” she wrote in the email, which The New York Times has reviewed.
Photo
The woman finally left, receiving a text from Mr. Martin at 10:48 p.m. “Let me know when you're safe.”
She responded at 10:54 p.m., “Home now.”
Shaken, the woman told her husband what happened that night. In the following days, she said she also told Arabella and David Mensah, a consultant who still works with JLUSA. Mr. Mensah did not respond to messages for comment. Arabella referred questions to the New Venture Fund.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
On Thursday, a few days after the incident, Arabella's senior director of human resources responded, “Just wanted to quickly let you know that I have received this email and will be circling back with you very soon. I also wanted to say that I'm very sorry to hear this happened to you.”
The next month, the woman officially left and agreed to accept the payment. In an email on Sept. 10, 2015, the senior human resources director said Mr. Martin would be informed that she was leaving and would inform other staff. “As discussed previously the communication will be neutral and absent any of the details about what happened or the terms of this agreement,” the director wrote.
About four months later in January or February of 2016, another woman, 35, said she met Mr. Martin at a panel discussion, and then he pursued her through direct messages on Facebook. Interested in talking to him about justice reform, she said she accompanied Mr. Martin to his apartment one evening.
She said she found him attractive, but a chat over wine took a lewd and unexpected turn after Mr. Martin went to his bedroom. She said he was lying on the bed and asked her to join him, which she said she declined to do. “The best way to describe it was a whining ‘Why don't you want me?'” she recalled.
He then pulled out his penis and masturbated, she said. “I felt paralyzed. I couldn't move or walk away. I couldn't. I was stuck there,” she said, later adding, “I remember thinking, ‘He's not embarrassed?'”
She said she saw him once more, seeking an apology that she did not receive. She also tearfully told her new boss what had happened, because she feared Mr. Martin had spread a different story within the justice reform community.
“People would be drooling to hear him talk,” the woman said. “You look at this man and there's a trail of women who have been harmed. You're hurting the women that are doing the work.”
In February 2017, another woman, a 29-year-old social worker, met Mr. Martin when he visited her organization to talk about justice reform. He later encouraged her to apply for a job at JLUSA but almost immediately began to make unwanted advances, she said.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
The advances, which the woman said she now views as harassment, contributed to her decision to withdraw her application, she said. Mr. Martin continued to contact her, and in March, she went to confront him at the office in Harlem, she said. “He tried to kiss me. He grabbed my neck. He tried to pull my pants down,” she said, noting that they were alone in the office.
She said she fended him off, but then he masturbated in front of her. She said she “froze.” “I was completely demoralized,” she said.
She spoke to two friends who confirmed to The Times that the woman told them what happened. One of the friends provided text messages that the woman sent her showing her concern about the earlier advances.
After Mr. Martin resigned, the woman approached The Times. She said she had been reluctant to speak out about Mr. Martin, who had become the face of criminal justice reform in the city.
“I thought I was going to harm quote, unquote the movement.”
Can you ever love someone too much?
Callie Farrow's love for her twin sister Tilda is so powerful that it borders on the obsessional… so are her suspicions that Tilda's husband is a violent, domestic abuser just a figment of her overactive imagination, or is her life truly in danger?
Prepare to have your mind teased, tormented and twisted by the stunning debut novel from former TV and newspaper journalist Jane Robins in her first foray into fiction writing after penning several true-crime books including The Curious Habits of Dr Adams and The Magnificent Spilsbury.
A deep, dark and disturbing chiller-thriller, White Bodies is a labyrinthine, psychological page-turner, a story bristling with tension, mind games and shocking revelations that will make your skin crawl, set your brain spinning and send shivers up your spine.
In a plot that is as clever as it is compelling, we enter the complex lives of Callie and Tilda, and are thrust into the heart of a sinister sibling relationship that exposes both the menacing side of love and the unbreakable ties that bind twin sisters together.
Felix Nordberg and his wife Tilda Farrow seem like the perfect couple. Young and in love, Felix is a wealthy London financier and Tilda is a beautiful, up-and-coming actress. But behind their flawless façade, not everything is as it seems.
Callie, Tilda's shy and unassuming twin, has watched her sister start to visibly shrink under Felix's domineering love. She can't work out if Felix is ‘a truly amazing person' who adores Tilda, or ‘deeply dangerous.'
But now Tilda has stopped working, nearly stopped eating, and turned into a neat freak, with mugs wrapped in cling film and suspicious syringes hidden in the bathroom bin. She knows about Felix's uncontrollable rages, and has seen the small bruises on her sister's arms but Tilda is starting to resent Callie's interference in her life.
Callie too has something to hide… since the age of seven, she has been monitoring her twin, ‘observing her, checking she's okay' and keeping a ‘dossier' on Tilda's life.
Worried about the psychological hold that Felix seems to have over Tilda, Callie joins an internet support group for victims of abuse and their friends. However, things spiral out of control and she starts to doubt her own judgment when one of her new web acquaintances is killed by an abusive man.
Callie becomes determined to save Tilda, but the cost of her rescue mission could destroy them all…
White Bodies is an intriguing and mesmerising story, exploring themes of obsession, manipulation, and sibling rivalry with originality, jaw-dropping shock tactics and an addictive blend of domestic noir and psycho thriller.
The bizarre and unsettling bond between Callie and Tilda is the driving force behind all the drama and darkness, their past and present lives slowly unfolding and at the same time exposing the fault lines in their relationship.
Robins has created a truly fascinating and gripping novel, fizzing with menace and suspense, and with a suitably gobsmacking twist in the tail. To miss it is to miss out on a treat!
(HQ, paperback, £7.99)
N13 billion Lagos apartment money: Amaechi threatens to sue Fani-Kayode, Fayose's aide
The minister also demanded N1.25 billion from the two politicians.
The post N13 billion Lagos apartment money: Amaechi threatens to sue Fani-Kayode, Fayose's aide appeared first on Premium Times Nigeria.
This post was syndicated from Premium Times Nigeria. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
A 26-year-old man lashed out in Monroe County Court after his bail was revoked, injuring a sheriff's deputy and threatening to hurt the judge, authorities said.
Darrin A. Sanderson admitted to smoking crystal methamphetamine prior to the appearance in court Sept. 28, and he now faces assault and related charges, according to the Monroe County District Attorney's Office.
Sanderson is described in a news release as being from Bangor, and court records also list a Stroudsburg area address for him.
Sanderson was in court for drunken driving and related charges stemming from an incident April 16 in Hamilton Township, records say.
At his sentencing, county common pleas court Judge Arthur Zulick revoked Sanderson's bail, causing him to become irate, authorities said.
He allegedly began to shout obscenities at Zulick and resist two deputies attempting to place him in handcuffs.
Sanderson continued to be combative in a holding area outside the courtroom, causing a sheriff's deputy to fall backward into a retractable barricade that broke and cut the deputy's arm, authorities said.
He allegedly then continued making threats against deputies, the judge and the "population" in Monroe County prison.
"After making these statements Sanderson struck the wall of the holding with his head and exclaimed he did this because he likes pain," district attorney's office Detective Mario Orlando wrote in court records.
Killer fired 2 handguns at pair in family dispute, cops says
Damage to the court facilities were repaired by county custodial staff and totaled about $94, court records say.
Sanderson faces charges in the alleged outburst of aggravated assault, terroristic threats, simple assault, resisting arrest, institutional vandalism, disorderly conduct and criminal mischief.
He will appear before District Judge Kristina Anzini for a preliminary hearing on a later date.
Kurt Bresswein may be reached at kbresswein@lehighvalleylive.com. Follow him on Twitter @KurtBresswein. Find lehighvalleylive.com on Facebook.
TOP SCORER Chris Wood returns to the starting line up for Leeds United as head coach Garry Monk makes three changes for today's Championship clash with Rotherham United at Elland Road.
After coming through two appearances off the bench after recovering from a hamstring injury, Wood takes the place of Stuart Dallas, with Souleymane Doukara set to revert to playing out wide.
Kyle Bartley also returns from a knee injury to partner Pontus Jansson at centre back, taking the place of Liam Cooper who drops to the bench.
As part of what looks likely to be a change in formation and a very attacking line up, no 10 playmaker Pablo Hernandez also comes in for Kalvin Phillips who drops to the bench.
There is no place among the substitutes for Charlie Taylor who has been carrying an Achilles injury while Eunan O'Kane is also still out with his groin injury.
Leeds team to face Rotherham: Green Ayling, Jansson, Bartley, Berardi, Bridcutt, Hernandez, Sacko, Roofe, Doukara, Wood. Subs: Silvestri, Denton, Cooper, Phillips, Vieira, Dallas, Antonsson.
President Buhari meets APC Governors in Aso Rock
President Muhammadu Buhari on Tuesday met behind closed door with governors elected on the platform of the ruling All Progressive Congress(APC) at the Presidential villa, Abuja. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reliably gathered that the meeting would discuss national issues including the forthcoming APC's national convention slated for May 14 in Abuja. Already the leadership of the party has written the Independent National Electoral Commission to intimate it of plans to hold congresses and convention across the country.
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from The NEWS. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Everything is steadily going according to plan for the extremely talented R&B singer 6LACK.
After a very well-received debut project last year, he has since then ridden the momentum straight into this summer and beyond. His single “PRBLMS” went platinum and his buzz just keeps getting stronger and stronger. Now, as expected, he just announced he is hitting the road this Fall for a 28-stop tour all around America, with a few stops in Australia. The tour will kick off on October 7th and end on November 29th. He will be accompanied by the beautiful, sultry soul singer, Sabrina Claudio, who will be opening up for him on the tour.
6LACK has been grinding for years now, and his hard work is definitely paying off. He has delivered some very notable performances at various music festivals, including Panorama in NYC. He has also recently made his TV debut, killing his performance on Stephen Colbert's The Late Show. The crooner has proven to be a terrific live performer, so this tour is really about to be something special. Make sure you get your tickets! Check out the official flyer below.
(WFLA) – From Lakeland to Land O' Lakes and all the way to Avon Park, many people heard a loud “boom” this weekend.
Now, military officials are confirming what caused it.
Marsha May heard the noise at her home in Frostproof.
“It sounded like a very loud explosion. First of it scared me, it frightened me, my dogs went under their covers, everything got really quiet. I went outside to look around to see if I could see smoke anywhere,” said May.
John Cavanaugh also heard the sound at his home near the Avon Park Bomb Range.
“Well the sound was similar to a sonic boom,” said Cavanaugh.
The sound was so loud, it moved a door at his home.
“It moved the door at my home about a quarter inch. I have a glass door,” said Cavanaugh.
He grew up on military bases, served in the Air Force and lives near the bomb range, so he is accustomed to the sounds of military aircraft, but to him, this noise was different.
The Highlands County Sheriff's Office says they've been receiving an increased number of calls related to activity at the Avon Park Bomb Range.
“A few weeks ago when there was a big exercise at the bombing range, they didn't really tell us about [it] and there were a lot of low flying helicopters and planes. Some of them didn't have lights and our dispatch got somewhere around 100 calls in an hour,” said Scott Dressel with the sheriff's office.
The commander of the Avon Park facility says the sound people heard didn't come from his facility.
“No, none of those sounds were associated with the range,” said Lt. Col Daniel Edgar with the United States Air Force.
However, Edgar did hear the noise while outside at his son's soccer game this weekend.
“We heard the sonic booms, which is pretty disturbing, and then the aircraft,” said Edgar.
A spokesman for NORAD confirmed what the Lt. Colonel witnessed.
Two F-15's went supersonic this weekend and broke the sound barrier.
NORAD posted this on their Twitter account: “The loud noise reported Saturday afternoon in the vicinity of Tampa was likely the result of a sonic boom caused when 2xF-15s from the 159FW, operating under the direction of #NORAD, went supersonic to meet mission requirements. An investigation of the event is currently underway.”
NORAD is not confirming what the mission of the F-15's was, but a spokesperson says it was not in response to any threat.
Actress, Omoni Oboli Feeds 1,200 Kids To Celebrate Her 40th Birthday In Lagos
Omoni Oboli turned 40 few days ago and she was at Makoko i lagos with some friends to feed over 1200 children in celebration of her special age….
”My 40th birthday was AMAZING!
Yesterday we launched a soup kitchen in honour of my late mom. It's a feeding outreach program which is an initiative of The Omoni Oboli Foundation. We fed over 1200 children yesterday in Makoko and it was incredibly mind blowing. This is a weekly outreach program and we've only just began. Thank you Lord for the gift of seeing this vision come to life. Thanks my friend and family that made it and special thanks to @knorrnigeria and @nunumilkpz
I finally did this mom, I know I have made you proud. I wish you were here. I will always miss you #OmoniAtForty #SisterLizzysKitchen #OmoniOboliFoundation #TheStarsAreAgeless #TheFirstLady #AfricanButter #ChildOfGrace,” Omoni wrote.
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Nigerian Pilot News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
N-Power Final List Of 2017 Successful Applicants Released. See Details!!!
N-Power Final List Of 2017 Successful Applicants Released. See Details!!! The N-Power Final List Of 2017 Successful Applicants has been Released. All 2017 applicants are hereby informed. The federal government's employment scheme for youths, N-Power, has finally released the names of successful 2017 applicants. All candidates who made it to the pre-selection stage can now confirm …
The post N-Power Final List Of 2017 Successful Applicants Released. See Details!!! appeared first on Students Nigeria.
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Students Nigeria. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Dangote Foundation Donates N120m Secondary School Complex in Lagos
‎Business magnate and Africa's richest man, Alhaji Aliko Dangote, through his foundation, has donated an equipped secondary school valued at N120 million in Lagos to Nawair-Ud-Deen Comprehensive College, Mushin. The newly built school is equipped with laboratories and conducive for learning.
Speaking at the inauguration and handing over of the building, Dangote said the foundation started in 1993 with the principle of “to whom much is given, much is expected” and looking at the less privileged ones have compelled it to provide some relief.
He said the four major goals of the Aliko Dangote Foundation are education, health and nutrition, economic empowerment and disaster relief, adding that the mission in education is targeted at reducing the number of out of school children, supporting talented and underprivileged young children to achieve their full potential, as well as educating girls and
women on health-related issues.
Dangote said apart from donating the school building, the foundation will be sponsoring 250 students who are unable to afford the school fees yearly; provide 3.5KVA soundproof
generator to ensure constant electricity and furniture for the teachers and students.
“I have already authorised my foundation to come up with a strategic plan to implement a scholarship programme for desiring less privileged children in this community.”
He pointed out that over the past five years, the foundation has spent over N4 billion in building of classrooms, scholarship programme, upgrading infrastructure across
various universities, behavioral change communication programme targeted at girls and women, among others.
“We have just recently inaugurated the Dangote Business School in Kano, the only business school in Nigeria that is well equipped. We will also be inaugurating similar projects in the University of Ibadan, we have done quite a lot in the education system and we are looking to do more.
“Investing in young people to us means we are all working together to build a better Nigeria. In equipping Nigerian youths and preparing them for the 21st century challenges,
we established the Dangote Academy in Kogi State, which provides specialised training and management skills for the youths particularly considering the large manpower needed in
the manufacturing industries.”
He promised to continue to support the Nigerian government in its quest of providing quality education to the population, “this is the only way we can secure and guarantee the future of the country.
In his remarks, the Chairman of Nawair-Ud-Deen Society of Nigeria, Lagos, Alhaji Ola Yussuff, commended Dangote for the donation, saying that Dangote single handedly opted to undertake the construction of the college building. Yussuff called on other Nigerians to emulate Dangote in donating towards educational and health programmes of the society, in order to contribute their quota to the realisation of the sustainable development goals in Nigeria.
The post Dangote Foundation Donates N120m Secondary School Complex in Lagos appeared first on THISDAYLIVE.
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from THISDAYLIVE. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
'); StatBanner('btw', bl); } else { show_ntv_ads(wrapperElement, bl); } } } function mailru_ads(data, el) { if(data && data.length > 0) { var ban_location = $(el).attr("ntv-loc"); var bl = parseInt(ban_location); if(bl == 3 && typeof b240_callback !== 'undefined') { try { window[b240_callback](); } catch(e) {} } StatBanner('all', bl); } } (MRGtag = window.MRGtag || []).push({ onNoAds:function(resp) { mailru_noAds(resp); }, onAdsLoaded: function(data, el){ mailru_ads(data, el); }, iframeMode: false }); function StatBanner(type, place) { if (type == 'all') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_showed" }); } if (type == 'noAds') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_mailru_error" }); } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '1') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_top" }); try { reachGoal('banner_error_top'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '2') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_btm" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_error_btm'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '3') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_type3" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_error_type3'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '4') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_type4" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_error_type4'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'ntv') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_ntv_showed" }); } if (type == 'btw') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_btw_showed" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banners_btw_showed'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'nobtw') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_btw_error" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banners_btw_error'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '1') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_top" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_top'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '2') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_btm" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_btm'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '3') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type3" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_type3'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '4') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type4" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_type4'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '1') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_top_ntv" }); } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '2') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_btm_ntv" }); } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '3') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type3_ntv" }); } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '4') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type4_ntv" }); } } $(function() { var o = document.createElement('vid' + 'eo'); if(isFInst && (!o || !o.canPlayType || !o.canPlayType('video/mp4; codecs="avc1.640029, mp4a.40.2"'))) { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "html5_media_support" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('html5_media_support'); } catch (e) {} } }); // -->
Sam Querrey fought from a set down to defeat Laslo Djere and John Isner won a fifth-set tiebreaker over Dusan LaJovic to give the United States a 2-0 lead over Serbia in the first round of the Davis Cup World Group on Friday.
Querrey had 20 aces in a 6-7 (4), 6-2, 7-5, 6-4 win in the opening singles, and Isner followed with 24 aces in his 6-4, 6-7 (6), 6-3, 3-6, 7-6 (4) victory.
Host Serbia is playing without Novak Djokovic and Viktor Troicki. It won the last two ties against the U.S., including in 2010 when it went on to win the title.
The U.S. can clinch the victory in the series in Saturday's doubles, when Ryan Harrison and Steve Johnson face Nikola Milojevic and Miljan Zekic.
Defending champion France got off to a slow start at home against the Netherlands as Adrian Mannarino was upset by Thiemo de Bakker, a player more than 300 places below him in the rankings, 7-6 (4), 6-3, 6-3. Richard Gasquet levelled the score by defeating Robin Haase 6-4, 7-6 (3), 3-6, 7-5.
Last year's runner-up Belgium opened a 2-0 lead over visiting Hungary as Ruben Bemelmans defeated Marton Fucsovics 6-4, 4-6, 7-6 (5), 6-3 and David Goffin beat Attila Balazs 6-4, 6-4, 6-0.
Spain, without Rafael Nadal, moved ahead of Great Britain when Albert Ramos-Vinolas defeated Liam Broady 6-3, 6-4, 7-6 (6), but 114th-ranked Norrie Cameron evened the series by rallying from two sets down to upset Roberto Bautista-Agut 4-6, 3-6, 6-3, 6-2, 6-2. Spain is playing its first tie at home since 2013.
Croatia, runner-up to Argentina two years ago, opened a 1-0 lead over Canada at home with Borna Coric's 3-6, 6-2, 6-3, 6-2 victory over Vasek Pospisil, but Denis Shapovalov tied the series by defeating Viktor Galovic 6-4, 6-4, 6-2.
Germany led host Australia after Alexander Zverev defeated Alex de Minaur 7-5, 4-6, 4-6, 6-3, 7-6 (4), but Nick Kyrgios levelled the score with a comfortable 6-4, 6-4, 6-4 win over Jan-Lennard Struff.
Fabio Fognini defeated Taro Daniel 6-4, 3-6, 4-6, 6-3, 6-2 to give Italy the lead over Japan, but the hosts evened the series with Yuichi Sugita beating Andreas Seppi 4-6, 6-2, 6-4, 4-6, 7-6 (1).
Switzerland, without Roger Federer and Stan Wawrinka, was losing 2-0 at Kazakhstan. Dmitry Popko defeated Henri Laaksonen 6-2, 7-6 (7), 3-6, 7-5 and Mikhail Kukushkin beat Adrian Bodmer 3-6, 6-3, 6-2, 6-3.
A celebration of life for Ralph Martell will be on Saturday, Feb. 10 at 9:30 a.m. at Abundant Life Assembly of God, 1010 E. Franklin St., Kenton, OH 43326 with Pastor James Goldsmith officiating.
In lieu of flowers, memorials may be made in his memory to the Royal Rangers Program at Abundant Life Assembly of God.
Online condolences may be expressed at pricefh.net
The Price McElroy Funeral Home in Kenton, Ohio is assisting the family with arrangements.
He passed away peacefully in his home on Thursday, February 1, 2018.
Login Login
Password
Signup Here
Lost Password
Subscribe to the Kenton Times to read the full story...
Get your Hardin County news in print AND online!
OR Try a 1-Day Access Pass for Only 99¢!
Are you a current subscriber to the Kenton Times?
NO PURCHASE NECESSARY!
If you currently subscribe the Kenton Times in print, then your access to the online content is INCLUDED in your subscription! Just verify your subscription to get started!
Transcript for Flynn forced to resign after what the Trump administration calls an erosion of trust
Good evening, and it's great to have you with us here on a Tuesday night, and we begin with a major shakeup inside the trump white house. National security adviser Michael Flynn forced to resign after what the administration is calling an erosion of trust. That issue, Flynn's call with the Russian ambassador on the same day president Obama was improposing new sanctions on Russia because of their meddling in the U.S. Election. At first, Flynn denied talking about sanctions, and Mike pence went on national TV to back him up, but FBI agents listened to the calls and heard differently, and the U.S. Justice department all righted the White House the 17 days ago. We begin with Jonathan Karl. Reporter: A surprising revelation from the White House today -- the president has known for nearly three weeks that national security advisor Michael Flynn deceived the vice president and the public about his conversations with the Russian ambassador to the U.S. Yet it wasn't until last night that the president fired him. A level of trust between the president and general Flynn had eroded to the point where he felt he had to make a change. Reporter: The story begins on December 29th, when president Obama sanctioned Russia for meddling in the election. That same day, less than two hours after sanctions were imposed, Flynn spoke with the Russian ambassador. But Flynn insisted to pence and others he did not discuss sanctions, a claim pence then repeated on national TV. Those conversations that happened to occur around the time that the United States took action to expel diplomats had nothing whatsoever to do with those sanctions. Reporter: But on January 26th, the justice department told white house counsel don mcgahn, who immediately told the president that Flynn wasn't telling the truth. Intelligence agents had been listening in on the ambassador's calls and had discovered that sanctions were discussed. Justice officials believed Russia could blackmail Flynn by threatening to expose his lie. Why would the president, if he was notified 17 days ago that Flynn has misled the vice president, other officials here, and that he was a potential threat to blackmail by the Russians -- why would he be kept on for almost three weeks? Well that's not -- that's -- assumes a lot of things that are not true. The president was informed of this, he asked the White House counsel to review the situation. The first part of it was clearly to understand the legal aspect of this. And that was simply concluded, there was no legal aspect. And then what happened, the president evaluated the trust aspect. Reporter: Flynn was not fired right away. In fact, two days after learning of his deception, the president had Flynn by his side for a phone call with Russian president Vladimir Putin. It wasn't until Friday after "The Washington post" broke the story Flynn had discussed sanctions that Flynn changed his story, and apologized to the vice president for misleading him. On air force one that night, the president was pressed by reporters. What do you think of reports about talking to the Russians about sanctions mean? I don't know about the reports. I haven't seen it. What story was that? Reporter: As the story escalated, radio silence from the president, who ignored questions about Flynn. Finally this late yet. General Flynn does enjoy the full confidence of the president. Reporter: About six hours later, Flynn was out. But today, more mixed messages. This morning, Conway said Flynn resigned. This afternoon press secretary Sean spicer said he was fired. The evolving and eroding level of trust as a result of this situation and a series of other questionable instances is what led the president to ask for general Flynn's resignation. Reporter: Flynn, a retired three-star general, was one of candidate Donald Trump's most influential and fervent advisers, firing up the Republican convention with his blistering attacks on Hillary Clinton. Lock her up! Lock her up! Lock her up. That's right. Yep. That's right. Lock her up. Reporter: He's been criticized for his close ties to Russia. This 2015 picture showing him sitting alongside Putin. Still, President Trump has explicitly denied that anyone on his team was in touch with the Russians during the campaign. Can you still say that nobody in the Trump campaign, not even general Flynn, had any contact with the Russians before the election? My understanding is that what general Flynn has now expressed is that during the transition period -- well, we were very clear that during the transition period, he did speak with the ambassador -- Reporter: I'm talking about during the campaign. I don't have any -- there's nothing that would conclude me that anything different has changed with respect to that time period. Reporter: For months, the president has raised eyebrows with his effusive praise of Vladimir Putin. Put season a killer. A lot of killers, you got a lot of killers. You think our country is so innocent? Reporter: But today, the press secretary said this -- The irony of this entire situation is that the president has been incredibly tough on Jon Karl with us there. You reported there knew for 17 days that sanctions came up with that conversation between Michael Flynn and the Russian ambassador. We saw vice president pence defend Flynn on national TV, but when did the vice president find out? Reporter: David, tonight, we have learned that nobody at the White House, not the White House counsel, not the president told vice president pence about that until the story broke late last week in "The Washington post," and he read it in the newspaper. He read it himself in the paper. Jon Karl, leading us off. Thank you.
This transcript has been automatically generated and may not be 100% accurate.
The southern U.S. has become ground zero for climate change
Hurricane Harvey hit Houston hard! Several days of excessive rain and wind flooded the city with four feet of rain in places where residents never before worried.
City fathers admitted the storm surge didn't lead to heavy flooding, but instead an obsolete stormwater drainage system with lack of green space for drainage, too much concrete, and too little stormwater regulation.
It's a lesson flood-prone Chattanooga should heed. Despite climate change guaranteeing more frequent, intense and wetter storms, the Homebuilders Association of Greater Chattanooga has asked Chattanooga City Council to reduce South Chickamauga Creek stormwater regulations. That's a senseless and threatening step backwards.
This is the statement in the ordinance the Homebuilders Association wishes to eliminate: for new developments greater than one (1) acre of disturbance or part of a larger plan of common development that will exceed one (1) acre of disturbance in the South Chickamauga Creek Watershed (as delineated by the City), the first one and six-tenths (1.6) inches of SOV is the required minimum design standard used to manage (infiltrate, evapotranspire, harvest and/or use) stormwater.
So, you ask, what is SOV? That stands for stay-on-volume meaning that during any rainfall, the homebuilder must have arranged property in order to hold a certain designated amount of rainwater with no runoff.
For South Chickamauga Creek Watershed, it's 1.6 inches. Now 1.6” SOV is above state requirements, but South Chickamauga Creek has two endangered species, is on the state threatened and impaired streams list, is polluted primarily due to sediment and habitat alteration, and is highly floodable. It's also part of sewer consent decree work.
For these reasons, city water quality people determined that homebuilders in the South Chickamauga Creek watershed should adhere to this higher standard to protect water quality, wetlands, wildlife, plants and the environment. And by the way, a large percentage of Chattanooga's drinking water comes from South Chickamauga Creek.
Why is this 1.6” SOV requirement critical? With increasing rainfall during catastrophic storms, property where homebuilders have put in green water-holding infrastructure (e.g. bioswales, rain gardens, green roofs, and natural landscaping) prevents excessive flooding and sediment runoff into neighbors' yards. It keeps the creek and tributaries from carrying sediment to the Tennessee River or covering creek bottom dwellers.
Further, taxpayers won't absorb higher stormwater fees just to pay for city repair and restoration caused by property runoff that doesn't meet the requirement. Adjacent homeowners are spared the expense of repairing damage too.
When Chattanooga's stormwater regulations came up for review in 2014, the Stormwater Regulations Board held a public meeting. Representatives from South Chickamauga Creek Greenway Alliance (SCCGA) and homebuilders participated in discussions as regulations came to final form.
Since then, unbeknownst to citizen watershed advocacy group SCCGA, the Homebuilders Association leaders held behind-the-scenes meetings with state and local decision makers insisting on relaxing regulations. The Stormwater Regulations Board has recommended acceptance of all the newly proposed regulations except the 1.6” SOV requirement for South Chickamauga Creek. That section goes to the City Council with no recommendation.
Now it is up to citizens to raise voices supporting strong regulations. The Council will likely consider approval this month. Despite Homebuilders Association's wringing of hands over how much higher costs are going to be and how there won't be affordable housing, data shows that is not the case. In fact, some member homebuilders say they have not yet been asked their opinions.
Bill Payne, Chattanooga City Engineer, told the Stormwater Regulations Board that when he was hired, he was asked if he favored fish or jobs. An answer is not simple. Jobs and fish depend on a healthy ecosystem. We are interdependent on that complex natural system.
We all, including homebuilders, bear the burden and responsibility of doing our part and not passing the risk and cost to others in these changing times.
It's fall. Invite a homebuilder to walk on the South Chickamauga Creek Greenway. See the colorful beauty as well as the sediment and banks eroded from runoff and floods. Surely homebuilders can figure out how to build affordable homes and be water-smart too.
Sandra Kurtz is an environmental community activist, chair of the South Chickamauga Creek Greenway Alliance, and is presently working through the Urban Century Institute. You can visit her website to learn more at enviroedu.net
New York (AP) — Sugar futures trading on the IntercontinentalExchange (ICE) Wednesday:
(112,000 lbs.; cents per lb.)
Last year, Google announced that it was working on bringing AR to its Expeditions platform and since then, it has been testing AR expeditions with around one million students. Today, the company has made those AR tours available to everyone, adding around 100 of them to the Expeditions app. Now anyone can check out the planets of our solar system, Leonardo Da Vinci's inventions, the skeletal system, art and a number of other AR tours with their phone. "AR takes the abstract and makes it concrete to the students," California teacher Darin Nakakihara said in a statement. "We wouldn't be able to see a heart right on the desk, what it looks like when beating and the blood circulating."
General News of Saturday, 7 October 2017
Source: ultimatefmonline.com
2017-10-07
Maame Afia Akoto, Deputy Executive Secretary of the Microfinance and Small Loans Centre (MASLOC)
The Microfinance and Small Loans Centre (MASLOC) has issued a stern warning that it will go all out to collect its monies from Members of Parliament (MPs), actors and actresses who defaulted in the loan payment.
According to MASLOC, the defaulters have refused to pay their vehicle loans collected from the facility.
The defaulters have been given a month ultimatum to pay back or risk being publicly embarrassed saying it will soon publish names of the debtors.
“We are not looking at the status of people. We have written to the MPs involved and will publish their names in the dailies… We are going to put out the names depending on their loan portfolios, the sizes.
‘The fact that you are a Member of Parliament doesn't mean that if you pick MASLOC loan, we can't come after you. We are going all out and we are not looking at party colors, we are not looking at anything”, Deputy CEO of MASLOC Maame Afia Akoto said.
MASLOC's debtors include members of the ruling New Patriotic Party (NPP) and opposition National Democratic Congress (NDC).
MASLOC has a debt portfolio of over GH¢100 million hanging on its neck. It has already impounded about 350 vehicles for non-payment of loans.
Data Entry Officer at Widows and Orphans Empowerment Organization (WEWE) – Akwa-Ibom
Widows and Orphans Empowerment Organization (WEWE), is recruiting to fill the position of: Data Entry Officer. The position is located in Akwa-Ibom State. Interested candidates should possess a University degree or HND in Statistics, Mathematics, Engineering or Physics or Pure Sciences or any related field of study.
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Hotnigerianjobs.com. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Mr Joseph Kofi Adda, the Minister of Sanitation and Water Resources has reaffirmed government's commitment to supporting prudent initiatives aimed at increasing public access to safe water and improved sanitation.
The Minister was addressing a group of African Water, construction and building experts at this year's three-day Water Africa and West Africa Building and Construction Trade seminar and exhibition.
The event organised by ACE event management, a UK-based organisation was on the theme: “Ghana's Urban and Rural Water and Sanitation Challenge in the 21st Century.”
The event was aimed at creating a two-way flow of information for the visitors and participants to help them analyse their sector needs and take steps for expansion and improvement.
Mr Adda explained that the quest for increased access to safe water formed part of the government's vision to improve health outcomes for economic growth and development.
Mr Adda said Ghana had chalked out very encouraging improvements over the years in the water sector.
“The Joint Monitoring Platform (JMP) by WHO and UNICEF stated that Ghana and the world at large has managed to reduce by half the number of people using unimproved sources of drinking water.
“Indeed the 2015 JMP updated report states that 89 per cent of Ghana's population has access to improved water source,” he said.
However, he said, the country had suffered delays in achieving the Millennium Development Goals (MDGs) in the area of sanitation, which was quite worrying.
“Whereas water sector achieved its target, basic sanitation lagged far behind with a coverage rate of 15 per cent as against an MDG target of 54 per cent (Joint Monitoring Platform Updates, 2015),” he said.
The report also indicated that there is currently a deficit of 4,000,000 toilets, which according to the Minister, is likely to increase as the country's population is growing.
“As at 2015, 19 per cent of Ghana's of Ghana's population still practices open defecation, as sad reality,” he noted.
Meanwhile, the USAID WASH for Health Annual Report 2015 published in 2016 puts Ghana as the 5th cholera-endemic country in the world.
He blamed these problems on the public mismanagement of solid waste and the menace of illegal mining and said the country could only achieve its water and sanitation sector target if it combated poor sanitation practices among the people and clamped down on illegal mining.
–
Source: GNA
HAMPTON BAYS, N.Y. (CBSNewYork) — Two Long Island oyster divers and a dog were rescued after they were marooned in Moriches Bay during Monday night's violent wind storm.
It was pitch dark and bitter cold, but all in a night's work for the first responders.
Stuck on a sandbar, Jimmy Launonen began to lose consciousness with his fishing buddy Noah Gorman and dog Reba by his side, CBS2's Jennifer McLogan reported.
“We were trying to push the boat out for about a half hour, but after that we realized that wasn't happening,” Launonen recalled.
Half submerged, they finally called 911 as their boat drifted toward Pikes Beach.
“Pinpointed their location in the bay through our GPS system, the phone system, and was able to direct responders to where they were,” South Hampton Police Lt. Susan Ralph said.
“We were strobing, and they were able to see us from the shoreline,” Launonen said.
At the Eastport dock, restaurant patrons stopped eating.
“We were all inside Trumpets praying. Now we find out it's a boat with people in it and a dog, our hearts were pounding,” owner Helen Fehr said.
“Noah said, ‘mom, I rubbed Jimmy's feet. That's how bad, that's how worried I was about him that I rubbed his feet. Worried about hypothermia and frostbite,'” Gorman's mother Eileen Mackey said.
Suddenly, Eastport Fire Rescue, the Coast Guard, Southampton police, Westhampton ambulance, East and Center Moriches fire and the Suffolk County Marine Bureau converged on the scene.
“More than 30, there were lights everywhere, the whole bay was lit up with lights. It was an amazing scene actually,” Launonen said.
“They're all heroes,” Ralph added.
The two rescued men first told responders they were humiliated they had to call for help. The bay constable said if they waited any longer, it may not have been a happy ending.
Both the oyster divers and the dog Reba, a German short-haired pointer, were treated for hypothermia.
MK Ahmed Tibi to speak at Palestine House in Toronto on Land Day.
MK Ahmed Tibi (Joint List) will be among those in attendance at a ceremony marking Land Day at Palestine House in Toronto on April 15.
Land Day commemorates the initial government takeovers of land in the Negev and Galilee which were first announced in 1976. During ensuing riots and clashes with Israeli security forces, a number of Arabs were killed.
Israeli Arabs and Palestinian Arabs call these takeovers land "expropriations," though Israel notes that these lands were taken over by authorities for security purposes, and were never actually legally owned by the Arab claimants.
Last year, MK Ayman Odeh, who heads the Joint List, was the guest of honor at the Land Day event in Palestine House.
At that event, Odeh lauded archterrorist Marwan Barghouti, a Fatah terrorist leader responsible for a series of suicide bombings during the Second Intifada. Barghouti is currently serving multiple life sentences in Israel for murder and attempted murder.
Odeh blasted Israel as an “apartheid state”, calling the Jewish state a “pretend democracy” and also praised Barghouti as both a “fighter” and a symbol for the cause.
Palestine House has been criticized in the past for its pro-terrorist leanings. The organization denies Israel's right to exist and has praised murderous terror attacks against Israelis.
In 2012 the Canadian government defunded the Palestine House, citing a “pattern of support for extremism.”
In 2013 a former leader of Palestine House called for a genocide against Israeli Jews at a public rally.
Most recently, Palestine House held ceremonies in memory of Archbishop Hilarion Capucci, who was caught in 1974 using his diplomatic protection to smuggle guns for the Palestine Liberation Organization (PLO) and sentenced to 12 years in prison, and former Cuban leader Fidel Castro, who was close to former Palestinian Authority (PA) chairman Yasser Arafat and who signed a manifesto "supporting Palestine" and demanding Israel withdraw from Judea, Samaria, Gaza, and eastern Jerusalem.
By JAMIE STENGLE
Associated Press
DALLAS (AP) - Texas Gov. Greg Abbott on Wednesday recommended dozens of strategies to make schools safer in the wake of the deadly shooting at a Houston-area high school, including increasing the presence of law enforcement officers at schools.
The Republican and staunch gun-rights supporter released a 43-page report that also included suggesting more mental health screening for students. A handful of the recommendations involved gun safety in Texas, a state that embraces its gun-friendly reputation and has more than 1.2 million people licensed to carry handguns.
Abbott said funding for some of the recommendations will be aided by federal grants, though others require state lawmakers to weigh in.
"We all share a common bond: And that is we want action to prevent another shooting like what happened at Santa Fe High School," Abbott, who is campaigning for re-election, said during a news conference at Dallas school district headquarters.
The report comes a day after students returned to Santa Fe High School for the first time since the May 18 shooting that killed eight students and two substitute teachers, and critically wounded a police officer.
The recommendations were made following three days of mostly closed-door meetings that Abbott quickly organized last week with school districts, shooting survivors and groups on both sides of the gun-control debate, among others.
So far, the governor has ignored calls from a handful of lawmakers from both parties to call the Legislature into special session to address gun laws - a sharp contrast to the response in Florida following the February high school shooting there that killed 17 people. Florida lawmakers, who were already in session, passed a gun-control package three weeks later, thanks in part to a lobbying campaign led by student survivors of the attack.
Texas lawmakers aren't scheduled to meet until January 2019. And unlike the students in Florida, several students at Santa Fe High School have been vocal opponents of increased gun control, including some who were invited to meet with Abbott last week.
Students who had classes in the area of the shooting were the first allowed back into the school Tuesday, followed by the rest about two hours later. All students then gathered for a two-hour assembly honoring the victims, and counselors were available.
Abbott visited the campus Tuesday, privately speaking with students, parents, teachers and staff, and presented first responders with an award for their actions.
Authorities have charged a 17-year-old student, Dimitrios Pagourtzis, with capital murder in the attack. He's accused of using a shotgun and pistol that belonged to his father. He's jailed without bond.
The family of one of the students killed in the attack has filed a lawsuit against Pagourtzis' parents.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Nicki Minaj to Premiere Two New Songs From Album on ‘SNL'
Nicki Minaj to Premiere Two New Songs From Album on ‘SNL'
Nicki Minaj is set to perform for the season finale of Saturday Night Live.
Nicki has been moving real strategically ever since the block got hot at the end of last year. Between her feud with damn near every mainstream femcee and her social media hiatus, the Barbz have been at the edge of their seats waiting to see what's next.
A fan asked the “Chun-Li” rapper to spill the tea on her upcoming SNL performance and she revealed that she will be performing her favorite, never-before-heard record from the album.
I'll perform a song you never heard b4. My fave on the album. 👅🦄 plus my second song. You can prob guess what that's gonna be. https://t.co/SABvJNfa27 — NICKI MINAJ (@NICKIMINAJ) April 22, 2018
Unfortunately, a few Barbz may have been disappointed to learn that Nicki will no longer be performing at the BBMAs. However, she promises that the SNL performance will be “VERY” worth it.
HALIFAX — The developers of Canada's only commercial spaceport are shooting for as many as a dozen rockets to blast off per year from a proposed site near a small community on Nova Scotia's eastern shore.
Proponents of the project gathered in a Halifax boardroom on Monday to plan the next steps, which will rely first on the province approving an environmental assessment plan early next year.
Stephen Matier, president of Maritime Launch Services Ltd., was in an upbeat mood following the meeting, saying the group is expecting to be building in May 2018.
“With a launch date of 2020, and 18 months of construction and six months of commissioning, you can see where we've got to get to groundbreaking. So this is an important and key time for us,” said the executive, who represents a consortium of three U.S.-based space firms.
He presented rocket designers and executives from Ukrainian-based Yuzhnoye Design with a case of Rocket Lager craft beer — recently created in Guysborough County by a craft brewer and featuring an astronaut on its label.
The project doesn't plan to put humans into space, but is rather squarely aimed at attracting consortiums of firms that want to put satellites into orbit for commercial purposes such as near-Earth imaging and global Internet broadband services.
“Why are we doing this? There's a huge market out there for satellites to get put into space and there's a real lack of launch capability to be able to do that,” said Matier.
He said the first round of satellite launches his firm is aiming for begins in 2021 and 2022, and the initial goal for the company would be one to three launches a year, with a near-term goal of eight launches annually.
Maksym Degtiarov, a rocket design executive with Yuzhnoye State Design Office, was on hand for the news conference to say the Ukrainian firm is prepared to ramp up its production of Cyclone-4M medium-lift rockets to supply the site.
“We expect it to happen up to 12 times a year. From six to 12 times a year,” he said. Matier added the firm is capable of producing about one of the rockets every 29 days.
Degtiarov said each launch would take up to two minutes and from three kilometres away would sound no louder than a commercial aircraft.
It's estimated the rocket will move over 20,000 metres through the sky within 105 seconds, with the public able to view the spectacle from vantage points at Little Dover, N.S., about eight kilometres south of Canso, said Matier.
Yuzhnoye State Design Office is the rocket design company that works under the State Space Agency of Ukraine but operates commercially. A second firm, Yuzhmash, is a manufacturing company and operates the same way and builds what Yuzhnoye designs.
Overall, the project is a private-sector venture, but will require the province's environmental approvals and further regulatory approvals for launching procedures.
Matier said his firm will want satellite launch customers to begin putting forward downpayments by the beginning of next year for the preparation of their rockets and the launching costs.
“There's an 18-month schedule ahead of the launch date where they need to start making some of these downpayments and that will accrue in an escrow (account) as we're moving forward,” explained.
“Financing continues. It's that kind of project. You're always building your financial structure,” he said.
Follow @mtuttoncporg on Twitter.
Delta Air Lines will launch up to 5X-weekly New York JFK-Lisbon, Portugal Boeing 757 service from Oct. 27; 3X-weekly Los Angeles (LAX)-Paris Charles de Gaulle (CDG) Airbus A330 service and 4X-weekly LAX-Amsterdam A330 service from Oct. 27; and 3-4X-weekly Indianapolis-Paris CDG Boeing 767-300ER service from May 24.
Adria Airways launched 4X-weekly Hamburg-Ljubljana service.
Russia's S7 Airlines will begin 3X-weekly Novosibirsk-Tomsk Embraer E-170 service June 3.
Ural Airlines will launch 2X-weekly Moscow Domodedovo-Qarshi (Uzbekistan) Airbus A320 family service May 2.
Turkish Airlines will increase Istanbul-Sochi (Russia) Boeing 737-800 frequency from 5X-weekly to daily June 4.
Russia's Yakutia Airline will resume weekly Ulan-Ude-Seoul seasonal Sukhoi Superjet 100 service May 29 through Sept. 28.
New York-based JetBlue Airways will begin daily Fort Lauderdale-Grand Cayman service from Oct. 25.
Hong Kong Airlines will begin daily Hong Hong-Manila Airbus A320 service from June 1.
India's Jet Airways and Aeromexico are codesharing on flights between India's Delhi and Mumbai and Mexico City via London Heathrow Airport. Jet Airways will put its 9W code on flights operated by AeroMexico from London to Mexico's capital city. In turn, Aeromexico will put its AM code on the direct flights offered by Jet Airways from London to cities in India.
JetBlue and JetSuiteX announced a first-of-its-kind partnership making JetSuiteX-operated flights available on JetBlue.com with a new codeshare agreement. For travel starting May 1, 2018, JetBlue will place its B6 airline code on JetSuiteX Air-operated flights between West Coast destinations, offering new point-to-point routes for JetBlue customers. This includes flights between Burbank, Calif. (BUR); Concord, Calif. (CCR); Oakland, Calif. (OAK); and Las Vegas (LAS), and marks the first codeshare between a semi-private public charter operator (JetSuiteX) and a major national carrier.
Macron in Morocco to discuss Libya, Qatar
Rabat, Morocco | AFP | French President Emmanuel Macron was in Morocco Wednesday on a 24-hour visit for talks on battling terrorism as well as the Libyan conflict and Qatar's dispute with its Gulf neighbours.
As he stepped off the plane for his first visit to Morocco since his election in May, the French president, his wife Brigitte at his side, was welcomed on the tarmac by King Mohammed VI.
The king's wife, Princess Lala Salma, and Crown Prince Moulay Hassan, 14, were also present at the airport to greet the French first couple, who were then driven to the royal palace for talks.
Ahead of the visit, the French presidency said Macron would discuss with Mohammed VI the dispute between Qatar and several countries, as both Paris and Rabat are keen on mediating a solution to the crisis.
The French presidency said after Macron landed in Rabat that the French president would meet separately in Paris with the emir of Qatar, Sheikh Tamim bin Hamad al-Thani, and the crown prince of the UAE, Sheikh Mohammad bin Zayed al-Nahyan.
The meetings are due to take place in the last week of June and are aimed at trying to defuse the dispute between Qatar and its neighbours.
The United Arab Emirates severed diplomatic ties with Qatar on June 5, along with Saudi Arabia, Bahrain, Egypt and other countries, accusing the gas-rich Gulf nation of supporting Islamist extremism.
The crisis is the worst to grip the Gulf in years.
“President Macron has spoken with all the heads of state of the region and called for appeasement. These efforts could converge with the mediation that Morocco wants to attempt,” the Elysee Palace said ahead of the visit.
A French diplomatic source said “the priority is to help resolve the crisis”.
Also on Macron's agenda was the conflict in Libya, where the UN-backed government is struggling to impose its legitimacy.
The fight against radicalisation and terrorism would also be at the centre of the talks between the two leaders, and Paris would like to “intensify” cooperation in that field, the source said.
Moroccans, or people of Moroccan origin, are believed to be behind several attacks that have been carried out in Europe in the past two years.
Macron and his wife are to attend an iftar meal, to break the fast of Ramadan, at the king's personal resident, and the French president will spend the night in Rabat before flying back home Thursday.
Première rencontre avec le Roi Mohammed VI chez lui, à Rabat. Une confiance réaffirmée et approfondie entre nos deux pays. pic.twitter.com/IfqYLywACp — Emmanuel Macron (@EmmanuelMacron) June 14, 2017
The post Macron in Morocco to discuss Libya, Qatar appeared first on The Independent Uganda:.
This post was syndicated from The Independent Uganda:. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Follow Us: by
Gladewater Mirror App is now live,
current and back issues as well as information and more.
Get the app now at: gladewater360.com
Entertainment of Friday, 6 October 2017
Source: Zionfelix.net
2017-10-06
Vivian Jill
Multiple award-winning Ghanaian actress Vivian Jill Lawrence has two boys but the journey to conceive the second boy was not easy.
Before getting pregnant to Alfie Nana Amponsah Okobeng, her second son, Vivian had been trying to get pregnant for seven years but things were not going as expected.
Jill Lawrence during the period had four miscarriages and two ectopics all in a bid to get a new child.
The actress on Celebrity Ride With Zionfelix show shared how a man she nearly married left her due to the pregnancy issues. She disclosed that family of her then husband-to-be after critically analyzing the age of her first son, Clinton Oppong Agyemang concluded that she would have problems giving birth, so she should focus on her next child instead of marriage.
The screen goddess continued that mother of the man promised to allow the son marry her after she has delivered for him. The 34-year-old actress further told Zionfelix on the show that “all I heard was she had married for her son, so I had to wait for the right person”
Watch Vivian Jill Lawrence on Celebrity Ride With Zionfelix show below
A reckless motorist on pain killers has been caught speeding at 128mph in a 50mph zone in a high-powered BMW X5 on the M1 motorway in Derbyshire.
Derby magistrates' court heard how Amir Nazari, 39, was captured on a camera speeding between Junctions 28a to 35a, of the M1, at Duckmanton.
Derby magistrates' court.
Prosecuting solicitor Jo Hargreaves said: “A BMW sport estate was captured on camera on the M1 northbound carriageway at Duckmanton driving at 128mph in excess of the 50mph limit.”
Police identified the car as a Scott Group Ltd leased vehicle and, according to Ms Hargeaves, Nazari initially provided officers with another man's name as the driver before Nazari later claimed he had made a mistake and that he had committed the offence.
He told the court: “I feel guilty. I am so sorry for what's happened. About a few days before the incident I was discharged from hospital. I was on pain killers.”
Nazari added: “I cannot remember speeding. I cannot remember what's been happening. I think I have got a clean licence. At the time of the incident I was in very bad pain. I was on pain killers.”
Businessman Nazari, who owns an Italian restaurant, claimed he was collecting specific equipment so it had not been possible to get one of his employees to make the journey.
He added that he has an open bladder and he has to catheterise himself and he suffers with infections.
Nazari said: “Without a driving licence my life is destroyed.”
Len Miller, chairman of the magistrates' bench, revealed that the bench was disappointed that legally the offence was not an imprisonable one because of their concerns about the speed.
Mr Miller told Nazari: “Despite the serious concerns my colleagues and I have, and the risk you posed to others and yourself, we are restricted to a financial penalty and a disqualification.
“Had it been different circumstances and there had been an accident or someone had been injured you would be in a much more serious position.”
Nazari said: “I feel guilty and I am very sad but please do not destroy my life because I have worked hard with this disability.”
But Mr Miller also stressed to Nazari he should not have been driving with medication in his system.
Nazari, of Larksfield Grove, Enfield, pleaded guilty to exceeding the speed limit after the incident on May 24.
Magistrates fined the defendant £513 and ordered him to pay £85 costs and a £51 victim surcharge.
Nazari was also disqualified from driving for 12 months.
The bench agreed the matter will be referred to the DVLA for them to establish whether the defendant should be driving in the future given his medical circumstances.
Following the hearing, Derbyshire police Sergeant Nick Beeston, said: “Gantries with a 50mph speed limit were in place because there was workforce in the road.
“Mr Nazari was driving at 128mph when he went through that speed camera and his speed involved him driving a mile in 36 seconds.
“So our concern was road safety and the high risk posed to other road-users in Derbyshire.
“He would have been on top of any hazard before he could have reacted to anything. If something had happened there would have been serious fatalities at that speed.”
Sgt Beeston, of Derbyshire Constabulary's Casualty, Redemption and Enforcement Support Team, warned police will track down any offenders who fail to take responsibility for their actions or pose a risk to road-users.
Stakeholders Call for Review of Tax Policies in Real Estate Sector
Emma Okonji
Worried that the effects of the high rate of taxes is taking a toll on the real estate sector, its stakeholders on Tuesday, called on the federal and state governments to review their tax policies and provide incentives where necessary.
The stakeholders who spoke at the first Construction and Real Estate Group Seminar, with the theme: Navigating Tax Issues In Real Estate Transactions, organised by the Nigerian-British Chamber of Commerce (NBCC) in Lagos, said there was need for people to pay taxes, but insisted that taxes must not be imposed in such a way that will force taxpayers out of business.
There expressed worries the that government pays less attention to the survival of any business, as long as it (government) collect taxes at all cost. The stakeholders who were particularly concerned about Company Income Tax and Value Added Tax, called on the federal and state governments to come up with clear terms for the payment of such taxes, which they said, were contradictory and confusing, while calling for total review of the tax policies in the country.
The forum called for review of tax policy at the federal and state government levels. Tax payers in Lagos are of the view that the Lagos State government is unduly imposing taxes on them with the motive to run them out of business
Deputy President of NBCC, Mr. Akin Olawore, who spoke to THISDAY shortly after the seminar, said the Chamber created idea focus group, and charged them with the responsibility of discovering societal challenges, in order to create solution to address issues.
“The essence of the seminar is to address tax issues in the real estate sector. The Federal Government and the Lagos State Government are keen about the ease of doing business and the forum seeks to address tax issues in real estate transaction as it relates to ease of doing business,” Olawore said.
“What was observed was that taxes are no longer used by government as a measurable tool, but as a revenue generating tool. It is not being used to direct development, but being used to generate money for government at the detriment of tax payers.
Government needs to loosen taxes in order to develop the economy. Government can increase taxation when it wants to reduce consumption, especially when government feels three is too much money in circulation and people are consuming too much, with large appetite for importation. Such tax could reduce consumption of foreign goods and services. But when government discovers that the economy is shrinking and things are becoming tight, government should be able to loosen taxes and give the people some breathing space,” Olawore said.
According to him, when the US had financial crises in the past, they relaxed tax and that is how it is done globally and Nigeria should be able to learn from other countries of the world. He said government must ensure enough cashflow in the hands of the people so that manufacturers will be able to produce and and people will be able to do good businesses, and jobs will be created.
Representative of the Chairman, Board of Internal Revenue Service in Lagos, Mr. Tunji Oshekun, who defended government position in the area of tax collection, said the money collected by the Lagos State Government on taxation is being used to develop the state by providing essential amenities like roads, electricity and water for citizens of the state.
But stakeholders were of the view that government should reduce the rate of taxes levied on citizens.
If taxes are reduced, more people will pay their taxes and government will make more money. Today not everybody is paying tax and we have a lot of tax evaders because they cannot afford to pay high taxes, so they have refused to register their properties. But when taxes are reduced, more people will register their businesses and properties, more people will go to bank to borrow money and government will make more money from the increased volume of transactions, the stakeholders said.
Olawore warned that should the challenges of tax persist, the nation will not develop and it will affect job creation. It will scare foreign investors and the few local investors will continue to struggle to make ends meet, and corruption will increase because people will begin to look for short corners. He was however optimistic that government would listen to the people and reduce the financial burdens of the citizens as they relate to tax collection.
This post was syndicated from THISDAYLIVE. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
THE Facey Group's annual Spring Field Day was held on Wednesday, September 13, at Wickepin.
The day showcased some of the group's 2017 trials, as well as several other industry presentations.
The event featured morning and afternoon field walks and presentations covering many local farming priorities.
Stephen Davies presented the claying of non-wetting soils demonstration site, with three strips including clayed and spaded, spaded only and control treatments.
He also touched on the other research that has been done to date around the State.
Trent Butcher from ConsultAg discussed the use of Trifluralin on oats and the recommendations around applications and the implications of incorrect usage.
He also updated the group about the new permits in place.
Trent's advice was to know your system, consider the sowing conditions, get your sowing depth and speed right and use the correct rate of Trifluralin.
The impacts of timing and rate of nitrogen applications during canola flowering was presented by Summit Fertilizers.
The trial looks at incorporating nitrogen applications at different rates and at different times in a canola crop to record and observe the impacts on the length of flowering occurrence in the season and the effects on yield and oil production.
During the morning tea break, Facey Group president Shaun Wittwer led an informal discussion with growers around grain bag loaders and unloaders, with many growers sharing their experiences about what they like and dislike about each model.
After morning tea, the groups rotated between three sessions with Clinton Mullan, Tincurrin Rural Services, presenting the wheat new variety trials and Melissa Welsh, Living Farm, presenting the barley new variety trials – with breeders in attendance to answer any grower questions.
Ben White from the Kondinin Group also gave a demonstration of how to test your silos and had a discussion around the importance of on-farm grain storage hygiene and maintenance.
There is a special air quality statement in effect for Lloydminster and area for the second time this summer.
The statement comes as smoke from the forest fires in British Columbia sweeps across the region causing poor air quality and reduced visibility. Environment Canada says the smoke is expected to clear out as a cold front moves in.
People may experience increased coughing, throat irritation, headaches or shortness of breath. Those most at risk include children, seniors, and those with cardiovascular or lung disease, such as asthma.
Environment Canada says wearing a mask is not the best way to protect your health during a smoke event and it may actually create a false sense of security, meaning increased exposure to smoke, plus masks can make breathing more difficult.
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Canada's publicly traded oil and gas producers saw a major turnaround in their fortunes in 2017 as higher prices and lower costs resulted in a combined $12.4 billion in net income, compared to a combined loss of around $1.8 billion in 2016.
Revenues were up 33 per cent in 2017 from the previous year, reaching $140.1 billion. Cash from operations climbed to $38.6 billion, up 70 per cent from 2016.
But the recovery was uneven, with the top five largest and integrated operators capturing 92 per cent of total net income, and almost 80 per cent of total revenues.
“At current oil prices many companies can make money — not a lot of money — but they can make money,” says Michael McKerracher, National Industry Leader, Energy, KPMG, which is the sponsor of this year's Oilweek Top 100 report. “But the truly integrated companies can be quite profitable. They have a better system of pipelines in place so market access issues are somewhat minimized and they have the benefit of downstream revenue.”
Downloads
To download the Oilweek Top 100 report, sponsored by KPMG, click here.
To download the raw data in Excel spreadsheets, click here.
Have you ever used public transportation in Egypt? Horrible, isn't it? But that shouldn't mean you won't have fun if you had to ride a microbus or CTA to get somewhere. Here's a list of different people you are definitely going to brush against in Egyptian public transportation; tell us which one of those you have already met!
1- The Bad Boy
He's speaking to different girls on the phone since the bus started moving. His calls are so cheesy and disgusting but to be honest, it's ironically funny to watch and listen to a person who is lying to the girls he is talking to. Don't panic if you heard “Enty labsa eih delwa2ty?” because he's very curious indeed.
2. The Hot Chicks
You are most probably going to sit next to two girls who are wearing horrible make up because they are going on a double date. You'll listen in to their conversation about the guys they are going to meet and also get informed about their favorite shopping places. They might be playing Hamaki songs out loud and singing along; ignore them because they are genuinely happy.
3. Angry Man
There is always that angry person who is fighting over something silly with someone over the phone. He is probably talking to his fiancée about her male friends on Facebook or blaming her because she went somewhere WITH HER FAMILY without telling him. No matter how regretfully she apologizes, he'd keep raising his voice to prove to strangers that he has control over someone.
4. Mawlana
That religious person who reads Quran with a loud voice even if he doesn't manage to stand or sit comfortably. He usually helps elderly people who need to sit. The only thing he just needs to do is lower his voice.
5. The Drama Queen
There is also a lady who complains about everything whether it's the fare, traffic or even the weather. Even if no one is taking her side or encouraging her, she'd keep murmuring on her own because she just likes to be a drama queen and can't help it.
6. Multitasking Mom
That overweight lady who has 13 noisy children sitting on her lap. She waits until she gets on the bus to take the food –which is koshary- out of her bag and feed them one by one. If you're going to ride any bus, try to detect that woman before taking your seat and stay as far away from her as you possibly can.
7. The Soldier
You will also notice the soldier who is on his way to his military unit or his home. He probably doesn't know the right way to his destination and will keep asking you for directions.
8. The Harasser
There is always that harasser who stares at your mobile screen or other girls on the same vehicle mysteriously. If he's the one sitting next to you, lower your screen brightness immediately because by the time you get off, you will find a friend request from him.
9. Coma Person
This person is asleep during the entire ride. He's been taking the same route from work to home since 1997 so he knows exactly how long he can sleep without needing to open his eyes. Nothing will ever wake him up even if it's a fight, Sha3bi music or his own ringing mobile.
The more crowded public transportation is, the more fun you have!
Now we know the explosions could strike anyone.
The latest bombing in the Texas capital was detonated by a tripwire along a residential street, police say.
The Sunday night blast was the fourth explosion in less than a month to terrify the nearly 1 million residents of Austin.
Here's what we know about the Austin bombings, and the questions that remain unanswered:
What we know
Two people have been killed: The first blast killed 39-year-old Anthony Stephan House on March 2.
The second blast came more than a week later, on the morning of March 12, killing 17-year-old Draylen Mason.
The third blast happened several hours later and critically injured a 75-year-old woman.
Those three blasts all happened after someone left explosives-laden packages on the victims' doorsteps.
Then, on Sunday night, the fourth bomb blew up and injured two men walking in a residential neighborhood.
The packages on doorsteps weren't mailed: Instead, they were hand-delivered and left on people's doorsteps, likely during overnight hours.
Those cardboard boxes looked mundane: The explosives came in "average-sized delivery boxes, not exceptionally large," Austin police Chief Brian Manley said.
What we don't know
What types of explosives were used: Police have not detailed what the explosive devices were made from, or what they looked like. Small bomb fragments strewn across wide areas have made the investigations challenging.
What triggered the first three devices: Some of the packages left on people's doorsteps exploded at different times after they were discovered.
In the second explosion, a package was brought into the kitchen and opened before it exploded and killed Draylen.
But in the third explosion, the device exploded immediately after the elderly woman picked up the package.
What the motive is: The two slain victims were both African-American, and the woman wounded in the third attack is Hispanic. Police have not determined if those attacks are hate crimes, but said it's a possibility because of the victims' ethnicities.
But Sunday evening's explosion took place in predominantly white neighborhood and injured two white men, police said. The fact that a tripwire set it off meant anyone walking by could have been maimed.
While the demographics of victims run the gamut, "We are clearly dealing with what we expect to be a serial bomber at this point," Manley said.
Who's behind the attacks: So far, no arrests have been made. Manley asked any neighbors with security camera footage to call police.
But the latest bomb using a tripwire could give clues about the assailant, the global think tank Stratfor Threat Lens said.
"The device's success, despite significantly different design, further suggests that the bomb maker behind these attacks is an accomplished one, and has likely to have received some training, perhaps as a military or police explosive ordnance disposal technician," Stratfor said.
Attorney General Jeff Sessions on Friday issued broad “religious freedom” guidance which appears intended to undermine LGBT rights. The memo comes a day after Sessions rescinded a policy protecting transgender people from discrimination under Title VII of the Civil Rights Act.
Buzzfeed News reports:
The guidance says the government cannot unduly burden people or certain businesses from practicing their faith, noting, “The free exercise of religion includes the right to act or abstain from action in accordance with one's religious beliefs.”
The policy does not create new law, but rather interprets how the government should construe the Constitution and existing federal law. It comes on the heels of the Justice Department weighing in on a religious liberty case, in which lawyers under Sessions argued in a brief to the US Supreme Court that a Christian baker had a First Amendment right to deny a gay couple a cake for their wedding.
The guidance memo, which avoided mentioning pending cases by name but did refer to the ongoing controversy over contraception coverage in Obamacare, directs federal agencies to observe 20 “principles of religious liberty.” Among them, it says that religious employers are entitled to hire only workers whose beliefs and conduct are “consistent with the employer's' religious beliefs” — a directive adopted under former President George W. Bush — and that some of the legal principles extend “not just to individuals, but also to organizations, associations, and at least some for-profit corporations.”
The US Department of Health and Human Services on Friday announced new rules that will allow employers with a “moral” or “religious” objection to stop covering contraception for employees.
Writes The Washington Blade:
“Our freedom as citizens has always been inextricably linked with our religious freedom as a people,” Sessions said. “It has protected both the freedom to worship and the freedom not to believe. Every American has a right to believe, worship, and exercise their faith. The protections for this right, enshrined in our Constitution and laws, serve to declare and protect this important part of our heritage.”
A background memo accompanying the new guidance insists the move “does not authorize anyone to discriminate on the basis of race, ethnicity, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, or gender identity in violation of federal law or change existing federal and state protections.”
But key portions of the memos should be troubling to proponents of LGBT rights. The memo to agencies allows individuals to act or abstain from action according to their religious beliefs and prohibits the government from targeting religious individuals and organizations for acting on their beliefs.
The memo asserts 1993 Religious Freedom Restoration Act applies not just to people, but organizations and some for-profit companies. Further, the guidance says RFRA doesn't permit the federal government to second-guess a religious belief and asserts the strict scrutiny standard under the law is “exceptionally demanding.”
Read the memos, to administrative agencies and Justice Department attorneys.
PHNOM PENH, Cambodia (AP) — The U.S government has provided more than $55,000 to Cambodia for the preserving of personal items belonging to prisoners at a Khmer Rouge prison and torture center in the 1970s.
The project agreement was signed Monday by U.S. Ambassador to Cambodia William Heidt and Cambodian Secretary of State for Ministry of Culture and Fine Art Chuch Phoeurn. The funding aims to preserve and maintain 3,000 to 5,000 items of clothing, shoes, hats and belts belonging to prisoners who were detained at the Khmer Rouge's main Tuol Sleng prison facility.
Under the 1975-79 Khmer Rouge regime, an estimated 17,000 Cambodians were tortured at the center, known as S-21 prison, and then killed. An estimated 1.7 million Cambodians died from execution, starvation and inadequate medical care under the rule of the ultra-communist group.
Heidt said the timing of the project is critical since the items are slowly deteriorating. The prisoners' belongings tell the extremely personal and heartbreaking stories of the victims of the Khmer Rouge and include clothing, hats and other items from both adults and children.
"If you look closely, you even can see that some items still show blood and sweat stains," Heidt said. "The conservation work will carefully preserve the textiles without removing this historical evidence. Each piece carries its own history and we recognize how important it is to preserve this story for future generations."
Chuch Phoeurn welcomed the U.S. funding and said the preservation of the belongings is important because they can help educate young Cambodians. He said some of the items will be displayed at the Tuol Sleng Genocide Museum.
SEOUL, South Korea (AP) — A top lieutenant of North Korean leader Kim Jong-un is in the United States conducting one of three sets of parallel talks aimed at salvaging a summit between Kim and President Donald Trump.
Kim Yong Chol is meeting with Secretary of State Mike Pompeo in New York to finalize plans for the summit, while lower-level officials have been meeting at the inter-Korean border and in Singapore for other pre-summit negotiations.
A look at what is at stake in the three sets of talks:
___
U.S. TALKS
Kim Yong Chol is likely to convey to Pompeo that Kim Jong-un is serious about the summit and also to discuss the contents of a joint statement to be issued at its end.
Some experts say major thorny issues are still unsettled between the two countries, and that is why a senior official like Kim Yong Chol has traveled to the United States to narrow the gap.
Trump abruptly canceled the summit last Thursday before quickly reversing course and announcing the meeting could happen. His decision came amid widespread doubt in the United States that North Korea would be willing to actually scrap a nuclear program it has struggled for decades to build.
Meanwhile, South Korean President Moon Jae-in, who met Kim Jong-un last Saturday, said the North Korean leader is uncertain whether he can trust Trump's promise to provide a security guarantee if North Korea abandons its nuclear weapons.
Given these basic concerns, Kim Yong Chol's talks with Pompeo are likely to focus on a possible compromise between Washington's push for a speedy nuclear disarmament and North Korea's preference for more gradual steps matched by corresponding benefits from the U.S.
Kim Yong Chol, 72, is the most senior North Korean official to visit the United States since 2000. His official title is vice chairman of the ruling Workers' Party. He previously headed North Korea's military intelligence agency and was believed to be behind two attacks in 2010 that killed 50 South Koreans and a 2014 cyberattack on Sony Pictures.
___
DMZ TALKS
U.S. and North Korean officials started talks on the North's side of a Korean border village on Sunday to set the agenda for the summit. The village is inside the mine-strewn 4-kilometer (2.5-mile) -wide Demilitarized Zone, a buffer created at the end of the 1950-53 Korean War.
The U.S. delegation is headed by Sung Kim, the U.S. ambassador to the Philippines who served as America's top negotiator to now-stalled six-nation talks on North Korean nuclear disarmament, and as its ambassador to Seoul. In 2008, he witnessed North Korea's destruction of the cooling tower at its main nuclear complex in a show of good faith with the United States. In recent years, however, satellite photos have indicated that North Korea has restarted its plutonium reactor at the complex.
His North Korean counterpart is Vice Foreign Minister Choe Son Hui, the North's highest-ranking female diplomat. A recent statement by Choe threatening to scuttle the summit and warning Washington of a nuclear showdown led Trump to temporarily cancel the summit, citing "open hostility" from the North.
The two sides are believed to have exchanged their countries' views on North Korea's denuclearization, America's security assurances and other issues. South Korean media said they wrapped up their talks on Wednesday after Kim Yong Chol's departure for New York.
Choe served as an English-language interpreter during the six-party talks, while Sung Kim, a Korean American, is fluent in Korean. Analysts say that is likely to have smoothed their talks because they could understand each other even when they were speaking their own languages at the negotiating table.
___
SINGAPORE TALKS
This meeting is to plan protocol, security and other logistical issues and might also include determining when and where in Singapore the summit would be held.
The two countries originally planned to hold the summit in Singapore on June 12. After putting the summit back on track, Trump tweeted Friday that it "will likely remain in Singapore on the same date, June 12th, and, if necessary, will be extended beyond that date."
A delegation led by another of Kim Jong-un's trusted aides, Kim Chang Son, flew to Singapore on Monday night. South Korean media reported that he began talks with Joe Hagin, the White House deputy chief of staff for operations, who is in Singapore with other U.S. officials.
No details have emerged about the talks. Possible venues for the summit include Singapore's presidential palace, the Shangri-La hotel and the Marina Bay Sands hotel.
Kim Chang Son served as Kim Jong-un's chief of staff after the 34-year-old leader took power in late 2011. His current official title is a departmental director at the State Affairs Commission, which is headed by Kim Jong-un.
TV presenter Keith Chegwin has died at the age of 60 following a long illness, his family has said.
The star, best known for hosting children's game show Cheggers Play Pop, died at home after battling a progressive lung condition.
Keith Chegwin
A statement from his family said: "We are heartbroken to share the news that Keith Chegwin sadly passed away following a long-term battle with a progressive lung condition, idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis, which rapidly worsened towards the end of this year.
"Keith died peacefully at home shortly after midnight on the 11th of December. His wife Maria, his daughter Rose and his son Ted were by his side.
"We would like to take this opportunity to thank Severn Hospice for the kindness, support and care they have shown us all over the last few weeks.
"Keith was a loving husband, father, son, brother, uncle and friend. We would respectfully ask to be left to mourn his passing in private."
CANBERRA, Australia — An Australian official says China uses a different tone in private talks than it used in a recent public statement that demanded Australia take off its “tinted glasses” and take “concrete actions” to improve bilateral ties.
Department of Foreign Affairs and Trade Secretary Frances Adamson was being questioned by a Senate committee on Thursday on the vastly different accounts that the Australian and China foreign ministers gave of their bilateral meeting on the sidelines of a Group of 20 ministers conference in Argentina last week.
Australian Foreign Minister Julie Bishop described her meeting with her Chinese counterpart Wang Yi as “very warm and candid and constructive.” Wang issued a statement in terse terms.
Australia has been talking down media reports of diplomatic disruptions over Chinese anger at Australian policies.
A federal judge scolded former Trump campaign chairman Paul Manafort Monday for his alleged role in the crafting of a recently-published opinion piece in a Ukrainian newspaper designed to burnish his image.
Judge Amy Berman Jackson warned Manafort that her prior gag order “applies to you and not just your lawyer," but took no further action on the matter.
After thanking the judge, Manafort's lawyer Kevin Downing took the opportunity — in a courtroom full of reporters — to take issue with “a torrent of negative press” against his client that “keeps rolling out again and again,” asking Jackson, “What is it we do” to counter that?
Jackson refused to give “advice,” on the situation, noting that "negative press" was also spreading about the prosecution, which was not raising complaints about it.
She further essentially accepted the defense's previously-filed argument that any potential jury pool would be drawn from Washington, D.C. and not Eastern Europe, so no jury pool would be tainted — one of the underlying reasons for the Nov. 8 gag order. But the judge noted that the op-ed is “out there” on the internet and therefore widely available and easily shared on “Facebook, Twitter, or a blog.”
The judge warned all parties against any further efforts “to circumvent and evade” the gag order.
Mark Wilson/Getty Images
The prosecution, which accused Manafort of heavily editing the article, had previously argued that the collaboration was with an individual “assessed to have ties” to Russian intelligence, but there was no mention of that relationship at the hour-long status hearing on Monday at U.S. District Court for the District of Columbia.
Manafort, 68, and his long-time associate Rick Gates, 45, have both pleaded not guilty to charges filed Oct. 30.
Both Manafort and Gates have, through their attorneys, argued to be released from house arrest with GPS monitoring, but Jackson was still trying to evaluate Monday the properties and other sureties that each defendant is offering to back their individual bonds — $10 million for Manafort and $5 million for Gates.
An exasperated Downing said, “We just want this thing to get done,” adding that with such strict conditions on his confinement, “It's been real difficult for Mr. Manafort to make a living.”
Brendan Smialowski/AFP/Getty Images
Downing then took another opportunity to defend his client, in broader terms, saying, with arms outstretched, “Some of the charges in this case, we just don't get it. We just see it as failing to file some paperwork.”
Jackson, with an amused expression on her face, was unfazed as she asked questions about Manafort's future plans for residency. No decisions were made on Monday regarding home confinement.
The judge made it clear both defendants would have to report their future whereabouts under any modified release terms, “even when the FBI is following you everywhere you go.”
Despite the seriousness of the proceedings, the judge injected a bit of levity saying of Gates, who has yet to prove the value of his assets backing his bond, the court wants “to get out of the business of monitoring soccer practice.”
Gates is the father of young children and has recently taken on coaching duties for one of his children's teams. Without his bond being verified as secure, each time he wishes to leave his home, he must obtain permission from the judge.
The next status hearing is scheduled for Jan. 16.
Comedy king Krushna has blamed wife Kashmera Shah for the broken ties with maternal uncle Govinda and Sunita Ahuja. Last month, Sunita was noted saying that Govinda's family has broken all ties with Krushna's family. In fact, she has not seen their kids till date because of the misbehaviour of their parents.
Govinda and his wife Sunita is upset with Krushna and his wife Kashmera Shah due to her post on social media in which the television actor who referred the legendary star as people who dance for money after they were seen an episode of Krushna's comedy show The Drama Company. When Krushna was asked about the entire issue, he simply blamed wife Kashmera and said that she is at fault and should apologise for her behaviour. He further said that the post was tweeted for his sister Aarti, not Govinda's family.
ALSO READ: Ayesha Takia's husband Farhan Azmi reveals his wife is being stalked, seeks police help
The actor was noted saying to SpotboyE that Kashmera took to her Twitter account and wrote all that for his sister no Sunita mami. Due to the wrong timing of the tweet, mami got irked. This was Kashmera's mistake, she shouldn't have written anything about anybody on Twitter. She should have avoided doing so. Kashmera should apologise to mami as mami has been taking care of his whole family. He further said that mama can slap me twice and abuse him and he' ll okay about it. He will listen quietly to whatever he will say. The comedian thinks that things will get resolved.
ALSO READ: Krushna Abhishek apologises to Govinda
Last month, Govinda's wife was noted saying that the family had broken all ties with Krushna's family. Govinda and his family members were missing at the grand birthday bash of Krushna and Kashmera's twins birthday party. Sunita told Bombay Times that they were not invited to the party and even if they were, she wouldn't have gone. She has not even seen the kids because of their parent's behaviour towards them.
ALSO READ: MS Dhoni: The Untold Story sequel to star Sushant Singh Rajput?
For all the latest Entertainment News, download NewsX App
Read More
Donate blood, live longer, save lives!
Experts outline benefits of blood donation
By Job Osazuwa
Have you ever donated blood, at least, to save a soul? If yes, when last did you engage in such a voluntary mission and how often do you? You might never know how important donating blood is until you or someone dear to you falls ill and be in dire need of blood.
Without doubt, blood transfusion is an essential component of health care and contributes to saving millions of lives annually, in routine and emergency situations. Apart from saving lives, studies have shown that people who voluntarily donate blood have the likelihood of living longer. So, you may need to have a rethink if you are among those who disgusts donating blood.
As the world marked Blood Donor Day yesterday, the clarion call was re-echoed on the need for committed, year-round blood donation, in order to maintain adequate supplies and achieve national self-sufficiency. The theme is: “What can you do? Give blood. Give now. Give often.”
Many people, who donate blood regularly, for the sake of helping people, are indirectly or unknowingly helping themselves. Health benefits of regular blood donation are numerous, according to experts. Usually, donating blood at least five times a year is said to be medically safe.
Interestingly, lives have been saved as a result of blood donated by only five per cent voluntary donors in the country. Others have also died because they could not have access to blood when it is highly needed.
William, a sickle cell anaemia patient and a Higher National Diploma (HND) two level student of the Federal Polytechnic, Auchi, Edo State, died owing to the scarcity of blood, at the time he needed it most. Each time, he was admitted, his parents went through hell looking for money and getting matching blood for William. But when he needed blood most, everything worked against him. There was no donor and his matching blood was not found. And the young man died.
Mrs. Lovely Ebughe was expecting her first child, but ended up not seeing it. She was delivered of baby boy quite all right. However, there was complication, which cause loss of blood. She needed an urgent blood transfusion. While her husband was running around to get blood that will match his wife's, since his didn't match, the woman died.
Underlining the benefit of blood donation, a public health consultant, Adegbite Ogundele, who practises in Lagos, told Daily Sun that regular blood donation is of immense benefit to the donor in several ways. According to him, blood donation paves the way for a reduction in the iron level in the body, which helps to lower cancer risk.
He said it could also help in reducing risk of heart and liver ailments caused by iron overload in the body.
Reduce risks of heart attacks
Ogundele said blood donation can reduce the risk of heart attacks to 1/3 times, especially in men, explaining that red blood cells, which contain hemoglobin, serves to bind oxygen.
He said: “The non-heme iron, that is difficult to be absorbed, is actually beneficial because iron is too easily absorbed when consumed even in excess, such as heme iron that comes from meat. If it accumulates in the body it increases the risk of coronary heart disease.
“Iron that accumulates will increase free radicals in the body and can oxidise cholesterol.
however, by donating blood regularly, blood regeneration will take place more quickly; the oxidation of cholesterol becomes slower. In addition, blood flow more smoothly and also can prevent the accumulation of fat and cholesterol oxidation in the coronary arteries walls. This can reduce the risk of coronary heart disease.”
Prevents liver damage
Ogundele said the liver, which helps the metabolism process of vitamins, minerals, protein, fats, and carbohydrates, also converts glucose into glycogen and helps in the blood purification and detoxification process. He said: “With donating blood regularly, it means we have to prevent liver damage caused by excess iron in the body. Intake of foods rich in iron can increase iron levels in the body, because iron is only in limited use, the excess iron to be absorbed and stored in the liver and pancreas. This could increase the risk of cirrhosis, liver failure, damage to the pancreas, and heart abnormalities.”
The consultant said after donating blood, the body works to replenish it, thereby, helping to stimulate the production of new blood cells. This, he said, makes the donor to stay healthy and work more efficiently.
He said there were generally no side effects attached to blood donation, apart from the normal decrease in heart rate and blood pressure drop.
Lowers risk of cancer
Cancer is known to be a deadly and dreaded disease. The risk of contracting cancer is often associated with high levels of iron in the blood. The higher iron content, the greater the potential for developing cancer.
The good news for regular blood donors is that the content of iron in the blood can be controlled by means of a blood donation. That is, the risk of cancer of the liver, intestines, lungs, throat and forth, is getting reducing.
Reduces cholesterol
By donating blood, Ogundele said donors do not only help others, but also reduce the risk of their cholesterol disease.
“Blood contains iron; if the iron in blood is overload, cholesterol can be oxidised. This means that there will be a blockage in blood vessels. Therefore, it takes a blood donation to reduce the amount of iron in the blood.
He said if the amount of iron was not removed through blood donation, there would be fat deposition on the walls of blood vessels. This, he said, could lead to other diseases, such as heart disease and stroke.”
Acceleration of wound healing/weight reduction
Your body will adjust to the reduction in red blood cells when you donate blood. Adjustment of the body also happens when your body wounds are healed.
Doctors said each blood donation could burn fat up to 650 calories, but quickly warn that blood donation cannot be regarded as perfect antidote to losing weight.
Prevention of premature aging
Ogundele said donating blood makes your mind run smoothly. He identified stress as one of the triggers of premature aging by keeping the skin ever fresh.
In fact, voluntary blood donation is said to be a healthy habit that most Nigerians can engage in, as a means of relieving the shortage of blood supply in the country and also improving their heart health and reducing excess iron in the body that predisposes individuals to cardiovascular diseases, CVDs.
According to other experts, men can donate up to five times a year, while this is limited to three times a year for women.
Statistics show that not less than eight million units of blood are needed in Nigeria, but only about 1.6 million units are collected presently. This is far below the recommendation of the World Health Organisation (WHO) that 10 per cent of a given population should donate once a year to meet requirements.
Public hospitals in Lagos State and some other states have made it mandatory for pregnant women's husbands to donate blood at the point of registering their wives for antenatal. However, voluntary blood donation is still less than five per cent in Nigeria. The people who donate are either forced to do it, either because a family member needs it or for economic reasons. But experts maintain that the safest blood donors are voluntary, non-remunerated blood donors from low-risk populations.
Unfortunately, about 15 per cent of child mortality in Africa is traceable to lack of adequate supply of safe blood for transfusion. Also, statistics from WHO on blood transfusion safety, which assesses blood donation trends, safety and priorities, shows that less than one per cent of the population of developing countries, including Nigeria, donates blood, compared with over 65 per cent in developed countries.
A General Practitioner with Lifegate Medicure, Ipaja, Lagos, said blood donation itself was a form of exercise, because if one pint of blood is collected, one will be losing about 650 calories.
He said: “It is certain that with regular donation, you stand not to develop diseases associated with heart problems because you have made your heart work at a pace that is proportional to your body mass. Whether a person donates blood or not, every 120 days, the red blood cells are naturally replaced; so it is advisable to give blood to save lives.
“People with chronic disorders, cancer of the blood, accident victims, pregnant women, and fire outbreak victims can benefit from the pint of blood you are donating. It improves life expectancy and quality of life of patients with a variety of acute and chronic conditions.”
Any side effect
Ogundele said the side effects that require medical treatment are very rare, amounting to less than one in 3,500 cases.
“If you experience dizziness and hovered for a few days, it could be a side effect of blood donation, but it does no harm. Try to take a rest, avoid heavy works, and consume enough water, at least two litres per day, and consume nutritious food, such as chicken, eggs, meat, green vegetables and fruits to restore your power. If the dizziness and the drift continue, you should see a doctor to know your blood pressure and whether there are other infections suffered,” he said.
Where to donate blood
Ogundele: “There are different places where you can easily walk in to and donate blood in a matter of minutes. First, you need to fill a form to ensure the well-being of the donor. Then, your blood pressure and hemoglobin level are measured to make sure that it is safe for you to donate.
Government and government approved hospitals and other public blood recruiting centres best serve the purpose. Defeating procrastination and creating time out of your tight schedule could save a life by donating a pint of your blood today.”
This post was syndicated from The Sun News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Until recently, the bail process for low-level arrestees in Harris County functioned with the efficiency of an assembly line, sending poor defendants back to jail, sometimes for days or weeks, until they could resolve their cases. Last year, civil rights groups sued the county on behalf of those arrestees. In April, Lee Rosenthal, the chief federal judge for the Southern District of Texas, declared the county's practice of using cash bail as de facto detention orders, regardless of someone's ability to pay, an unconstitutional violation of poor people's right to due process and equal protection.
Citing hearings like Goodson's, Rosenthal found that Harris County's attempts to reform the system haven't gone far enough and this summer ordered that the jail release almost all misdemeanor arrestees on personal bonds after 24 hours if they can't make bail. On Tuesday, lawyers for the county went to the U.S. Fifth Circuit Court of Appeals in New Orleans to argue there's no constitutional right to “affordable bail” and that Rosenthal's ruling risks throwing pretrial systems across the country into disarray. The case could change the landscape of American bail practices in ways that reverberate throughout the criminal justice system. Some even say Rosenthal's ruling could be the beginning of the end of cash bail in America as we know it.
“Wealth-based pretrial detention is a key driver of mass incarceration,” said Elizabeth Rossi, an attorney for Civil Rights Corps, one of the groups that filed the lawsuit. “Ending the practice of keeping people in jail due to their poverty would make it more difficult for prosecutors to coerce guilty pleas and would help ensure that, whether rich or poor, arrestees can exercise their right to a fair trial and the presumption of innocence.”
In her exhaustive 193-page opinion, Rosenthal found that Harris County jailed hundreds of legally innocent people because they were too poor to pay a bondsman. Rosenthal concluded that the practice “exacerbates the racial disparities” that already exist in the criminal justice system. She cited research showing that defendants who fight their cases from behind bars are much more likely to plead guilty, be sentenced to jail and face longer jail sentences than people who can afford to pay for their pretrial release. Rosenthal labeled it “sentence first, conviction after.”
“Other judges are basically saying that a person is potentially violent or unsafe to the community if they're unable to come up with that $500 to pay on a $5,000 bond”
In Harris County, there's ample evidence of those perverse incentives. For instance, starting in 2013, local prosecutors began notifying hundreds of defendants who took plea deals on drug possession charges that lab tests conducted months and even years after their convictions proved negative for drugs. In her ruling, Rosenthal found that Harris County prosecutors even sometimes threatened to seek harsher sentences if defendants wouldn't take a guilty plea.
It's obvious why someone would want to get out of jail as fast as possible, even if that means eating a criminal conviction that could cost them their job, public housing or scholarships. Consider the case of Patrick Joseph Brown, the 46-year-old man beaten to death in the Harris County Jail two days after he was booked for allegedly stealing a guitar. As the Houston Press reported, Brown got stuck in jail because he couldn't pay the $300 premium on his $3,000 bond and, like 90 percent of the county's misdemeanor defendants, wasn't given a personal bond.
Against this backdrop, Harris County has made reforms in recent years that Rosenthal called laudable, such as giving bail hearing officers a more objective risk-assessment tool and providing public defenders at bail hearings. However, Rosenthal also called those reforms insufficient. It's ultimately still up to individual hearing officers to decide whether poor people get personal bonds. Hearing officers and county judges regularly give people charged with crimes that indicate poverty — begging, trespassing or sleeping under a bridge — bond amounts that are clearly beyond their reach. Rosenthal said courts had an “unwritten custom” to deny all homeless people personal bonds, even for the pettiest of charges.
Even some local judges are fed up. Judge Darrell Jordan of Harris County Criminal Court 16 says that too many courts automatically equate poverty with risk and set unattainable bonds that keep poor people in jail. Jordan, who was elected to his seat last year after the bail lawsuit was already filed, testified on behalf of the plaintiffs that the county cannot fix the problem on its own. Since taking the bench in November, Jordan says he's granted personal bonds to almost every defendant who appeared before him and couldn't afford bail.
“Other judges are basically saying that a person is potentially violent or unsafe to the community if they're unable to come up with that $500 to pay on a $5,000 bond,” Jordan told the Observer. “Somehow, that's what all of a sudden makes them too unsafe to release. So I guess around income tax time, when everybody has a little bit of extra money, everyone becomes safe then, huh?”
https://www.flickr.com/photos/dopey/
At the Fifth Circuit appeals court Tuesday, lawyers for Harris County argued that Rosenthal's order went too far. Charles Cooper, the county's appellate attorney, spent much of his time telling the judges that misdemeanor defendants can still contest their bail-setting through the proper legal channels.
Judge Catharina Haynes, one of three Fifth Circuit judges who heard the case, seemed to dismiss that argument, saying the lengthy process to contest bail would last longer than most jail sentences for misdemeanor convictions. “How can that really be a remedy?” she asked.
On the other hand, Haynes said she was “shocked” by Rosenthal's order to release people on personal bond after 24 hours, calling it “chaotic.”
The Fifth Circuit could affirm Rosenthal's decision, overturn it or send it back to her court for further evidentiary hearings on the impact of her ruling on the county's ongoing reforms. Trisha Trigilio, a senior staff attorney with the ACLU of Texas, told the Observer that Rosenthal's ruling, if it stands, should lead to fundamental changes beyond Houston. “The legal issues that are raised in the Harris County bail case are the same constitutional issues that we run into in jurisdictions across the state,” she said.
This Is How They Got Helen Zille To Apologise
It took one minute and 58 seconds for Helen Zille to read her apology of 212 words on Tuesday, reports HuffPostSA.
Sitting beside Mmusi Maimane at the DA's media conference at the Holiday Inn Rosebank in Johannesburg, the two never once made eye contact.
Zille's apology, regarding her tweets about colonialism, was apparently “the product of hours upon hours of argument and debate, crafted to Maimane's satisfaction and only finalised late the previous night”:
[I]t took four days of shuttle diplomacy between the Marks Building in Cape Town, where Maimane has his parliamentary office, and Wale Street, where the provincial seat of government lies, to broker the truce which led to the chastening of Zille. Concerted efforts to come to an acceptable agreement were relaunched midway through last week, after Zille was suspended by the party's federal executive committee and she had made representations to the leadership, in which she described the process as “a sham” and her as the target of a “vindictive and personal campaign”.
The renewed efforts to convince Zille began on Friday – the day that Zille also appeared before the disciplinary panel for the first time:
Zille remained steadfast that her tweets were taken out of context and that it could be academically and analytically deconstructed. Colonialism was a detestable political system, yes, but it did have side-effects that have proven to be beneficial to the whole of society, was the message from the top of Adderley Street. Maimane was even more adamant: it simply does not matter whether or not an academic analysis holds up to scrutiny. The emotional impact of a view like that, espoused by a leader of the DA, is hugely damaging and is interpreted as racist, was the rebuttal from the corner office on the second floor of the Marks Building.
However, everything changed on Sunday when the Sunday Times published a report “citing internal polling showing the DA's support among black South Africans had almost halved in the two months since the impasse began”.
That just wouldn't do and Zille, according to insiders, was shocked and distraught:
The raw data showing the impact her tweets and her defence of it had on the DA's efforts to take advantage of the African National Congress' internal crises opened the door to an emotive argument: the tweets had hurt people.
Thus, Zille agreed to deliver the apology. The first drafts were circulated for consideration that evening, and work on the text continued for more than 24 hours “until it was finalised just after 10PM on Monday night”.
Dismissing the academic argument, Zille finally “submitted herself to Maimane and dispelled any doubts about whom the leader of the party is”.
Too little, too late? No, her time to move on has arrived.
[source:huffingtonpost]
This post was syndicated from 2oceansvibe.com. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
PHOENIX — Charges have been dropped against Arizona Cardinals second-round draft pick Christian Kirk, who was arrested on counts of disorderly conduct and property damage in February.
The Arizona Republic reports that Scottsdale city records show the charges against Kirk were dropped Tuesday. He was arrested by Scottsdale police after leaving the Waste Management Phoenix Open on Feb. 3.
Scottsdale police say Kirk was with a group that was intoxicated and throwing rocks at cars.
The Cardinals had said they were aware before they drafted Kirk that the wide receiver had been arrested on the charges.
——
More AP NFL: http://www.pro32.ap.org and http://www.twitter.com/AP–NFL
——
Information from: The Arizona Republic, http://www.azcentral.com
(AP Photo/Mark Humphrey). A woman, center, who would only be identified as the godmother of shooting victim DeEbony Groves, cries as she listens at a news conference regarding the capture of Travis Reinking Monday, April 23, 2018, in Nashville, Tenn. R...
(AP Photo/Mark Humphrey). Lt. Carlos Lara, of the Metro Nashville Police Department Specialized Investigations Division, front left, speaks at a news conference Monday, April 23, 2018, in Nashville, Tenn., regarding the capture of Travis Reinking. Rein...
(AP Photo/Mark Humphrey). Metropolitan Nashville Police Chief Steve Anderson speaks at a news conference Monday, April 23, 2018, in Nashville, Tenn., regarding the capture of Travis Reinking. Reinking, who police say shot and killed at least four peopl...
(AP Photo/Mark Humphrey). Don Aaron, public affairs manager for the Metro Nashville Police Department, speaks at a news conference Monday, April 23, 2018, in Nashville, Tenn., regarding the search for a gunman who opened fire Sunday at a Waffle House r...
(Metro Nashville Police Department via AP). In this photo released by the Metro Nashville Police Department, Travis Reinking sits in a police car after being arrested in Nashville, Tenn., on Monday, April 23, 2018. Police said Reinking opened fire at a...
By SHEILA BURKE and JONATHAN MATTISE
Associated Press
NASHVILLE, Tenn. (AP) - The man who snatched an AR-15 rifle away from a gunman at a Nashville restaurant told Tennessee lawmakers Tuesday he faced "the true test of a man," drawing a standing ovation during his brief address.
As the House hailed him as a hero with a resolution, James Shaw Jr. said he acted early Sunday at a Waffle House to save his own life, and saved others in the process.
"I never thought I'd be in a room with all the eyes on me, but you know, I'm very grateful to be here," Shaw told House members. The 29-year-old said he has since gone to see some of the shooting victims in the hospital and they all remembered him. He apologized to the people whose loved ones died in the attack.
The Senate also honored Shaw on Tuesday.
Davidson County Sheriff Daron Hall said Tuesday that Reinking has been "compliant" and "cooperative" since he was transferred to the jail late Monday after he was captured near the apartment where he lived. Reinking is wearing a vest known informally as a "suicide smock" and will remain under close observation at a maximum-security facility in Nashville.
Also on Tuesday, a Nashville judge revoked the bond shooting suspect's bond.
Court records show that a judge struck Reinking's $2 million bond until a hearing can be held Wednesday. The records did not give a reason why General Sessions Judge Michael Mondelli revoked the bond.
An attorney listed as Reinking's lawyer did not immediately respond to an email seeking comment.
Reinking, 29, is charged with four counts of criminal homicide. Police say he opened fire outside the restaurant with an AR-15 rifle and then stormed the restaurant, wearing only a green jacket. Four other people were wounded in the shooting.
Reinking escaped on foot from the restaurant and shed his only item of clothing. By the time he was captured in the woods nearby, police had searched his apartment, and found the key fob to a stolen BMW they had recovered in the parking lot days earlier. The BMW theft had not initially been tied to Reinking.
Nashville Police Department Lt. Carlos Lara told reporters Reinking was arrested Monday after detectives were tipped to the suspect's presence by some construction workers. He carried a black backpack with a silver semi-automatic weapon and .45-caliber ammunition.
The arrest ended a 24-hour manhunt involving more than 160 law enforcement officers, but it left troubling unanswered questions about official responses to months of bizarre behavior before the restaurant attack, including encounters with police in Illinois and Colorado and an arrest at the White House that raised red flags.
Police in Colorado say the co-owner of a business where Reinking worked described him as appearing paranoid and delusional at times. A co-worker told a detective the man was infatuated with Taylor Swift and claimed to be a sovereign citizen.
Last July, Reinking was arrested by the U.S. Secret Service after he entered a restricted area near the White House and refused to leave, saying he wanted to meet President Donald Trump.
The suspect told Washington, D.C., police he was a sovereign citizen and had a right to inspect the grounds, according to an incident report.
Reinking was not armed at the time, but at the FBI's request, Illinois police revoked his state firearms card. Four guns, including the AR-15 used in the shootings, were transferred to his father, a procedure allowed under Illinois law.
Tazewell County Sheriff Robert Huston said Jeffrey Reinking pledged he would "keep the weapons secure and out of the possession of Travis." Don Aaron, a Nashville Police spokesman, said Reinking's father "has now acknowledged giving them back" to his son.
Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives special Agent Marcus Watson said Monday that his father's action is "potentially a violation of federal law."
Phone calls to a number listed for the father went unanswered.
___
Associated Press writers John Raby in Charleston, West Virginia; Ed White in Detroit; Michael Kunzelman in Baton Rouge, Louisiana; Kathleen Foody in Denver, Colorado; and Justin Pritchard in Los Angeles contributed to this report.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Since the recusal by Mr. Sessions in March 2017, the president has publicly and privately lashed out at the attorney general, and the sentiment on Wednesday was no surprise.
After Mr. Sessions recused himself, Mr. Trump asked his attorney general to reverse his decision — a request that has raised the interest of the special counsel, Robert S. Mueller III.
During the course of his Senate confirmation hearings early last year, as rumors circulated about an investigation into Russia's possible coordination with Mr. Trump's presidential campaign, Mr. Sessions was asked whether he would recuse himself. At the time, Mr. Sessions said he did not know of a specific reason as to why he should do so.
But he also said, “If a matter arose in which I believed my impartiality might reasonably be questioned, I would consult with department ethics officials regarding the most appropriate way to proceed.”
After being criticized when it was disclosed that he had contacts with the Russian ambassador during the 2016 campaign, Mr. Sessions recused himself from any inquiry into Russia's election meddling and possible coordination with Mr. Trump's political aides.
Fire razes block of flats in West London
A massive blaze has engulfed a block of flats in the early hours of Wednesday morning in West London.
The dailymail states that London Ambulance Service said 30 people have been rushed to five hospitals around the capital, while at least one resident is still stuck inside the block on the 11th floor, with firefighters desperately trying to reach him.
Tim Downie, who lives a few hundred feet from the building, told Sky News: ‘The acrid smell is just horrendous. The building has pretty much burnt out, there are just a few bits that are still not burning.In a tweet by Fire London brigage, it says the cause of the fire is not known at this stage.
The post Fire razes block of flats in West London appeared first on The Nation Nigeria.
This post was syndicated from The Nation Nigeria. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
RICHMOND, Va. (WRIC) — Members of the group Americans for Richmond Monument Preservation have requested a permit to hold an event in September at the Robert E. Lee Monument in Richmond according to state officials.
Dena Potter from the Virginia Department of General Services said that the request is currently under review.
If granted, the group will hold an event at the Robert E. Lee Monument on Monument Avenue in Richmond on September 16.
This comes a day after a protest about the removal of another Confederate monument in Charlottesville turned violent. 35 were injured and one woman was killed.
According to The Virginia Flaggers blog, organizers from the group Save Southern Heritage are also working to obtain a permit for a rally.
The Virginia Flaggers blog said that their protest is in response to a series of public hearings to decide the future of Confederate monuments in Richmond. The next public hearing is being held September 13 at 6:30 p.m. at the Virginia Historical Society, located at 428 North Boulevard.
Check here for more information about the monument controversy in Richmond:
By Derek Bonnett: Each year, SecondsOut writers consider the body of work for numerous fighters to determine the SecondsOut Fighter of the Year. For boxing fans, 2016 was a disappointment as some of the best fighters in the world failed to meet one another, such as Gennady Golovkin and Saul Alvarez, to determine divisional superiority.
The winner of such a contest surely would have achieved strong consideration for Fighter of the Year. Other mega-bouts came off, such as Sergey Kovalev versus Andre Ward, but this bout in particular was sullied by a controversial decision. A clear victor was not awarded and thus took another pair of big names out of the race for Fighter of the Year. Vasyl Lomachenko's showdown with Nicholas Walters was completely one-sided and disappointed fans in terms of Fight of the Year contention, but Lomachenko was propped up as a solid candidate for Fighter of the Year. Roman "Chocolatito" Gonzalez put on a Fight of the Year show against Carlos Cuadras and also put his name in the ballot box for Fighter of the Year with the win. However, one boxer stood out above all the others with two world title victories over two unbeaten world champions in two separate division. That man is Belfast, North Ireland's own Carl Frampton: the SecondsOut 2016 Fighter of the Year.
Between February and July of 2016, Carl Frampton tidied up the Fighter of the Year race with two excellent wins. The first, against Scott Quigg in a IBF/WBA super bantamweight title unification bout at Manchester Arena. Two of the United Kingdom's best fighters put in a memorable twelve rounds with the outcome largely determine in the first half of the bout. After a feeling out round in the first, Frampton established a workman-like jab to gain the advantage over his rival. The Frampton jab continued through three rounds and put Quigg on the losing end of those rounds. Quigg failed to find his range consistently although he did land some good power shots to keep hope alive for offensive attack. Frampton impressed as he outboxed the more than capable Quigg with his jab. After the bout, it was revealed that Quigg suffered a broken jaw in round four. Frampton's aggression increased by the midway point, but it was Quigg in great need of a boost. Like a champion, Quigg found it.
Quigg's jabs and hooks started finding their mark more and more and the Bury native started pocketing some rounds to keep his momentum going. Frampton swallowed a hook in round eight that had him fighting a little more apprehensive than before. His output also dropped allowing Quigg back into the fight. Frampton withstood Quigg's offensive, but began to see the fight drawing closer on the cards. Quigg's power shots to the head and body. Frampton looked hurt at times during the fight, but his championship spirit kept him in the game long enough to step on the gas in the final rounds when needed. The final decision was split. One judge favored Quigg 115-113, but was overruled by two counts of 116-112 for Frampton. Frampton unified the two titles with the win and showed grit holding on to victory in the face of an unbeaten champion not ready to let his "0" go.
Frampton got back in the ring in July to take on Leo Santa Cruz at the Barclays Center in Brooklyn, New York. The two battled for Santa Cruz' WBA featherweight title in a memorable twelve rounders. Just as the jab was key for Frampton against Quigg, movement made the difference in the Santa Cruz bout. Santa Cruz' flat-footed stalking style was troubled and allowed Frampton to rock the champion with a counter left hook in round two. Frampton kept himself mobile and found a home for his compact hooks in the inside. Santa Cruz was again put back on his heels from a left hook in the third. Santa Cruz was not about to lay down though and mounted his comeback in the third, fighting on even terms with Frampton to remind him that he was the champion in the ring that night. The rounds become more closely contested and harder to score as the mid-rounds approached. Frampton was still boxing masterfully, but Santa Cruz' inside pressure mounted in terms of success. Santa Cruz dominated round six and even appeared to stun Frampton for the first time. It was the first clear round for the champion though and, like Quigg, he found himself in a hole early. Frampton brazenly took punches from Santa Cruz, perhaps to show his level of confidence, but it was not a wise move on his part in terms of winning rounds. Santa Cruz began to flurry more instead of seeking one big shot and Frampton began to slow down.
In the eighth, Frampton found his second wind and got his punches off more quickly. His blows were by far the more telling and were exactly the kind of work that built his earlier foundation. Santa Cruz was not finished though and he hurt Frampton in the ninth with a right hand. Frampton showed an excellent chin in spite of buckling a tad in the knees. However, it was his own mistake to stay too long on the ropes with Santa Cruz. After ten rounds, the fight looked even with Frampton landing the more telling blows throughout the bout, but Santa Cruz' recent work unfolding a whole new storyline. It was clear, that like the Quigg bout that the final verdict of the fight would be determined in the championship rounds. Santa Cruz continued to pressure, but Frampton was equally game and fired back with hooks and straight punches. The decision handed down was a majority verdict with one judge seeing the bout 114-114. A fair score, but overruled by margins of 116-112 and 117-111 in favor of Carl Frampton, who won his rounds more decisively early on.
Many rounds were hard to score as they were hotly contested but the finer work was rewarded. Carl Frampton finished 2016 with a record of 23-0-0 (14) and three championship belts in his trophy case, two of which were captured this calendar year. Frampton deservingly receives the award of SecondsOut's 2016 Fighter of the Year. Honorable mentions to Vasyl Lomachenko who stopped both Roman Martinez and Nicholas Walters, Roman Gonzalez who won a pair of decision over McWilliams Arroyo, and Joe Smith Jr. who stopped three opponents, including Andrej Fonfara and Bernard Hopkins, in eleven rounds of work.
Be sure to "LIKE" the SecondsOut Facebook page.
Janauary 1, 2017
The Louisiana governor's plan to sign “emergency contracts” to maintain healthcare for roughly 1.5 million people is facing new questions. In a letter sent to Republican lawmakers, Attorney General Jeff Landry argued those contracts could be challenged legally and even “declared null and void.”
“Such a result,” he wrote, "could cause serious issues for the state.” Landry drafted the letter at the request of a group of Senate Republicans.
Just before Thanksgiving, Governor John Bel Edwards announced his intention to pursue those emergency contracts after House Republicans voted twice to block a 23-month extension of the current contracts. The emergency order would allow him to go around those lawmakers altogether.
The current contracts, negotiated during the Jindal administration, are set to expire at the end of January. Matthew Block, executive counsel for the governor, argued they cannot wait much longer to get the new contracts set up.
“That is a gamble with state dollars, with federal obligations, and more importantly, with healthcare for 1.6 million people the governor isn't willing to take,” Block said Monday.
RELATED: La. governor and house GOP square off over Medicaid
The contracts are valued at roughly $15 billion. House Republicans, led by Rep. Cameron Henry, R-Metairie, say they worry the drafted contracts do not allow for enough oversight and could include waste. Before the most recent vote, Henry called for the contracts to include a provision ensuring the legislative auditor has power to investigate the Medicaid program.
At the time, the governor's office argued that such a provision would be redundant. Now however, the proposed “emergency” contracts from the governor's office include language noting the auditor “has the authority” to do such investigations.
Later this week, those contracts could come up for yet another vote. The Joint Legislative Committee on the Budget is scheduled to meet Friday, December 15. The chairman of that committee, Sen. Eric LaFleur, D-Ville Platte, says he will put the contracts on the committee agenda if asked.
Read the AG's full letter to lawmakers below.
Copyright 2017 WAFB. All rights reserved.
Frankie Rose has announced Cage Tropical, her follow-up record to 2013's Herein Wild. She's also released a new song called “Trouble,” which you can hear below via a visualizer video. Per a press release:
The visualizer video for “Trouble” features a hotline fans can call that's based out of Roswell, New Mexico. Callers are encouraged to leave their paranormal and extraterrestrial / UFO encounter stories on the hotline number. All messages will be screened for possible inclusion on the Weird Night with Juan & Frankie podcast, launching later this summer and focused on the connection between music and the paranormal.
Please call, but don't be weird about it. Cage Tropical is out August 11 via Slumberland.
Frankie Rose:
JUN 14 – BOSTON – The Sinclair*
JUN 15 – PORTSMOUTH, NH – 3s Art Space*
JUN 16 – MONTREAL – Bar Le Ritz PDB*
JUN 17 – TORONTO – Horseshoe Tavern*
JUN 19 – CLEVELAND – The Grog Shop*
JUN 20 – DETROIT – El Club*
AUG 11 – PHILADELPHIA – Johnny Brenda's
AUG 12 – NEW YORK – Baby's All Right
SEP 12 – WASHINGTON DC – DC9
SEP 13 – CARRBORO – Cats Cradle
SEP 14 – ATLANTA – The Earl
SEP 15 – NASHVILLE – The End
SEP 17 – NEW ORLEANS – Gasa Gasa
SEP 18 – HOUSTON – Walters Downtown
SEP 19 – DALLAS – Club Dada
SEP 20 – AUSTIN – Barracuda
SEP 22 – PHOENIX – Rebel Lounge
SEP 23 – SAN DIEGO – Soda Bar
SEP 24 – LOS ANGELES – The Echo
SEP 25 – SAN FRANCISCO – Rickshaw Stop
SEP 28 – PORTLAND – Doug Fir
SEP 29 – SEATTLE – Barboza
SEP 30 – VANCOUVER – The Cobalt
OCT 2 – SALT LAKE CITY – Kilby Court
OCT 3 – DENVER – Globe Hall
OCT 6 – ST PAUL – Turf Club
OCT 7 – CHICAGO – Empty Bottle
OCT 9 – PITTSBURGH – Club Cafe
OCT 10 – BUFFALO – Studio at Waiting Room
OCT 12- NEW YORK – Rough Trade
OCT 17 – BRIGHTON – The Joker
OCT 18 – LONDON – Moth Club
OCT 19 – MANCHESTER – Castle
OCT 20 – EDINBURGH – Sneaky Pete
OCT 21 – COVENTRY – Kasbah
OCT 22 – NOTTINGHAM – Bodega
OCT 24 – LEEDS – Brudenell Social Club
OCT 25 – TURNBRIDGE WELLS – The Forum
OCT 28 – AMSTERDAM – London Calling
* – w/ Pains of Being Pure at Heart
Getty Image
Waves of criticism crashed into President Trump after he refused to denounce Nazis and white supremacists over Charlottesville violence. He chose, instead, to blame “many sides” for deadly incidents that left three people dead. The White House madly tried to spin Trump's words into some message of inclusion while arguing that he meant to condemn these groups (even though he didn't). One person who isn't buying this dance of evasion is Merck CEO Kenneth Frazier, the only black member of Trump's American Manufacturing Council, who has chosen to resign with a (very) public statement:
“America's leaders must honor our fundamental values by clearly rejecting expressions of hatred, bigotry and group supremacy, which run counter to the American ideal that all people are created equal. As CEO of Merck and as a matter of personal conscience, I feel a responsibility to take a stand against intolerance and extremism.”
And almost as soon as the news broke, Trump — who is still refusing to specifically denounce the aforementioned extremist groups — paused whatever presidential business was at hand to lash out at Frazier: “Now that Ken Frazier of Merck Pharma has resigned from President's Manufacturing Council,he will have more time to LOWER RIPOFF DRUG PRICES!”
It is, of course, bad form to criticize the business practices of a member of one's manufacturing council, but Trump's gonna Trump. And he's gonna criticize a black CEO for resigning from a council but won't call out Nazis, which is a telling distinction.
Trump's scheduled to address the press today at 3:00pm EST today while signing a memorandum on Chinese IP laws, and one can anticipate that the subject of Charlottesville will arise. Over the weekend, one Trump surrogate attempted to claim the president simply didn't want to “dignify” Nazis/white supremacists with a mention, but many people suspect that he simply doesn't want to alienate part of his fanbase.
Indeed, the Daily Stormer site was thrilled that Trump did not forsake them: “[Trump] refused to answer a question about White Nationalists supporting him. No condemnation at all. When asked to condemn, he just walked out of the room. Really, really good. God bless him.” Will Trump do it again today?
(Via Business Insider, The Independent & Variety)
