The events leading to Michael Flynn's resignation as national security adviser accelerated this week, with constant new updates about what he said, to whom and when. But the path to that step has been unfolding since at least last summer. Here's a timeline of key events that eventually led to the resignation of a top presidential adviser less than one month into the Trump administration.
June through November 2016
Early in the summer, the Washington Post reports that hackers in the Russian government have breached the Democratic National Committee. Sources from the DNC and security experts tell the Post that the hackers had access to opposition research on Trump, as well as internal emails and chats.
In late July, WikiLeaks posts a searchable database of more than 19,000 emails stolen from the DNC computer servers. Compromising information in the emails leads to the resignation of Debbie Wasserman Schultz as DNC chair.
Donald Trump, meanwhile, eggs the Russians on.
"Russia, if you're listening, I hope you're able to find the 30,000 emails that are missing," he says.
Trump repeatedly downplays the hacks in the coming months, saying in a debate that China or "somebody sitting on their bed that weighs 400 pounds" could have been behind the breaches. Days after the U.S. intelligence community says it's "confident that the Russian Government directed the recent compromises of emails," Trump dismisses concerns about the breach.
"You ever notice anything that goes wrong, they blame Russia? 'Russia did it.' They have no idea," he says in a speech.
Nov. 8, 2016
Donald Trump wins the presidential election.
Nov. 18, 2016
President-elect Trump announces that Flynn will be his national security adviser. Flynn, it is later reported, had been in contact with Russian Ambassador Sergey Kislyak before the election.
Dec. 9, 2016
Then-President Obama orders a "full review" of digital attacks aimed at influencing U.S. elections, going back to 2008.
The Washington Post reports that the CIA has determined that the Russian government was seeking to help Trump win the election.
The Trump transition office issues a statement:
"These are the same people that said Saddam Hussein had weapons of mass destruction," the statement says. "The election ended a long time ago in one of the biggest Electoral College victories in history. [Note: This is incorrect.] It's now time to move on and 'Make America Great Again.' "
Dec. 12, 2016
Trump tweets: "Unless you catch 'hackers' in the act, it is very hard to determine who was doing the hacking. Why wasn't this brought up before election?"
Dec. 15, 2016
Trump tweets, "If Russia, or some other entity, was hacking, why did the White House wait so long to act? Why did they only complain after Hillary lost?"
Secretary of State John Kerry says on CNN that then-President Obama did issue a warning about Russian hacking, but he also "had to be obviously sensitive to not being viewed as interfering on behalf of a candidate or against a candidate or in a way that promoted unrealistic assessments about what was happening."
Obama tells NPR's Steve Inskeep that the U.S. will strike back against Russia, one way or another, in response to that country's attempts to influence the U.S. election.
"I think there is no doubt that when any foreign government tries to impact the integrity of our elections, that we need to take action," he says. "And we will — at a time and place of our own choosing. Some of it may be explicit and publicized; some of it may not be."
He added, "But Mr. Putin is well aware of my feelings about this, because I spoke to him directly about it."
Dec. 25, 2016
Flynn and Kislyak exchange text messages wishing each other happy holidays (per remarks later made by Sean Spicer on Jan. 13, 2017).
Dec. 29, 2016
Obama ejects 35 Russian diplomats from the United States and introduces new sanctions against Russia's Federal Security Service, the FSB; the country's main foreign intelligence agency, known as the GRU; along with four GRU officers and three companies that did business with GRU.
In addition, the Obama administration announces it will be closing down two compounds in the U.S. it says were "used by Russian personnel for intelligence-related purposes."
Dec. 29 is also when the conversations between Flynn and Kislyak regarding sanctions took place (this story would break on Jan. 12, 2017). According to a Washington Post story from Feb. 9, two officials "said that Flynn urged Russia not to overreact to the penalties being imposed by President Barack Obama, making clear that the two sides would be in position to review the matter after Trump was sworn in as president."
Jan. 6, 2017
The Office of the Director of National Intelligence releases a declassified report finding that Russian President Vladimir Putin ordered a campaign to influence the U.S. presidential election and that a major part of that was the hacking of emails at the Democratic National Committee.
"Putin and the Russian Government aspired to help President-elect Trump's election chances when possible by discrediting Secretary Clinton and publicly contrasting her unfavorably to him," the report says. The authors added that "Russia's goals were to undermine public faith in the U.S. democratic process."
Trump meets with intelligence officials for a briefing on the report's contents. Afterward, he releases a statement lumping Russia in with China and "other countries" and insisting that the hacking had "absolutely no effect" on the election's outcome:
"While Russia, China, other countries, outside groups and people are consistently trying to break through the cyber infrastructure of our governmental institutions, businesses and organizations including the Democrat National Committee, there was absolutely no effect on the outcome of the election including the fact that there was no tampering whatsoever with voting machines."
However, as then-Intelligence Director James Clapper had told John McCain just one day earlier, it's impossible to know the impact: "Certainly the intelligence community can't gauge the impact that it had on choices that the electorate made. There is no way for us to gauge that."
Jan. 10, 2017
Then-Attorney General nominee (and Alabama Sen.) Jeff Sessions says in his confirmation hearing that he "has no reason to doubt" the report's conclusions tying Putin to the DNC hack.
Jan. 11, 2017
In his confirmation hearing, then-Secretary of State nominee Rex Tillerson acknowledges that he thinks it's "a fair assumption" that Putin had knowledge of the plot to influence the U.S. election. He also adds that the intelligence report on Russian hacking "clearly is troubling."
Jan. 12, 2017
The Washington Post's David Ignatius reports that "a senior U.S. government official, Flynn phoned Russian Ambassador Sergey Kislyak several times on Dec. 29," the same day that the Obama administration announced the new sanctions and removal of Russian diplomats.
Jan. 13, 2017
White House press secretary Sean Spicer says that a conversation took place between Flynn and Kislyak, but that the conversation was on Dec. 28, and that it wasn't about sanctions.
He says that Kislyak texted Flynn on the 28th, asking if he could give Flynn a call. Kislyak then called that day, and according to Spicer, "the call centered around the logistics of setting up a call with the president of Russia and the president-elect after he was sworn in, and they exchanged logistical information on how to initiate and schedule that call. That was it, plain and simple."
This proves to be untrue, as two Trump transition officials confirm to NPR that a call took place on Dec. 29.
Jan. 15, 2017
Officials from the Justice Department and intelligence agencies discuss "whether the incoming Trump White House should be notified about the contents of the Flynn-Kislyak communications," as the Washington Post has reported.
Later that day, on CBS's Face the Nation, Vice President Pence says the conversations between Flynn and Kislyak had nothing to do with sanctions.
"What I can confirm, having spoken to him about it, is that those conversations that happened to occur around the time that the United States took action to expel diplomats had nothing whatsoever to do with those sanctions," Pence said.
Upon further questioning from John Dickerson, Pence added, "I don't believe there were more conversations" as well as "I can confirm those elements were not a part of that discussion."
After the Pence interview, the Post reports, the Justice and intelligence officials thought the issue was "more urgent ... because U.S. intelligence agencies had reason to believe that Russia was aware that Flynn and Kislyak had discussed sanctions in their December call, contrary to public statements."
Jan. 19, 2017
According to the Washington Post, Acting Attorney General Sally Yates, DNI James Clapper and CIA Director John Brennan discuss whom in the administration should be briefed on the Flynn-Kislyak communications.
Jan. 26, 2017
The Justice Department notifies the White House counsel of discrepancies between what Flynn and Pence had claimed about the phone call between Flynn and Kislyak, as Spicer later reports at a Feb. 14 White House press briefing.
Feb. 8, 2017
In an interview, Flynn twice denies having discussed sanctions with Kislyak, according to the Washington Post.
Feb. 9, 2017
A Flynn spokesman says that the retired lieutenant general "indicated that while he had no recollection of discussing sanctions, he couldn't be certain that the topic never came up," according to the Post.
This is also the day Pence "became aware of the incomplete information he'd received ... based on media accounts," according to Pence press secretary Marc Lotter, who spoke to reporters on Feb. 14.
Feb. 13, 2017
Kellyanne Conway tells MSNBC that Flynn "does enjoy the full confidence of the president."
Later in the day, Spicer says that Trump is "evaluating the situation" regarding Flynn.
That night, Flynn resigns as national security adviser. In a statement, he admits accidental wrongdoing:
"Unfortunately, because of the fast pace of events, I inadvertently briefed the Vice President Elect and others with incomplete information regarding my phone calls with the Russian Ambassador. I have sincerely apologized to the President and the Vice President, and they have accepted my apology."
The White House announces that retired Lt. Gen. Joseph Keith Kellogg Jr. will be acting national security adviser.
Feb. 14, 2017
Spicer says that 17 days prior, White House Counsel Donald McGahn had told the president that Flynn had been wrong when he told Pence he hadn't discussed sanctions with Kislyak, as reported by the New York Times.
At a press briefing, Spicer says of the resignation, "We got to a point not based on a legal issue, but based on a trust issue," adding that Trump was "concerned that Gen. Flynn had misled the vice president and others."
Politico reports that there's still more to come on the Flynn story, according to the ranking member of the House Intelligence Committee:
"Rep. Adam Schiff (D-Calif.) told House Democrats Tuesday that the recent revelations about former National Security Adviser Mike Flynn's conversations with the Russians are only the beginning, and more information will surface in the coming days, according to multiple sources in a closed party meeting."
Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell indicates that the Senate Intelligence Committee will investigate Flynn's contacts with Russian officials, and Sen. Roy Blunt, R-Mo., a member of the intelligence committee, says Flynn should meet with the committee "very soon."
With reporting from Barbara Van Woerkom
Pitcher Mike Fiers has a 4.15 career ERA, and he's lost more games than he's won, but he could turn out to be a solid pickup for the rebuilding Tigers. (Photo: Ben Margot / Associated Press)
There have been times this offseason when the Tigers announce a move and you're left scratching your head exactly how it fits into the plan. And there are others where a move simply makes so much sense it restores some of your hope in a grand scheme.
Signing Mike Fiers was exactly the kind of move the Tigers should aim to make this offseason.
Face value, you'd be right to raise your nose a bit in disgust. Fiers has an ERA of 4.15 for his career and more losses than wins. During two-plus years in Houston, he's been even worse, with a 4.59 ERA and without the benefit of a lower FIP (fielding independent pitching stat) to make you think he just had a little bad luck: 4.82.
And on top of all of that, he's a 32-year-old, former 22nd-round draft pick. So he's not exactly some uber-talented kid who's just struggled to put it together.
I've nearly talked myself out of the idea entirely just glancing at the figures. But when you dig a little deeper, there's reason to see the genius behind the move, which will only cost the Tigers $6 million for a pitcher who'll eat 150-180 innings in the rotation while providing some veteran leadership to the rest of the staff. He's not eligible to become a free agent until after 2019 either, giving Detroit two years of control.
With a fastball that sits around 90 mph, he doesn't blow batters away with speed. What he does do is find a way to strike them out anyway. Across parts of five seasons with Milwaukee, Fiers posted 9.2 strikeouts per nine innings and an ERA of 3.66. Anything above a strikeout per inning is a pretty good indicator a pitcher is going to be able to more than hold his own. After a bit of a drop in 2016 with Houston, Fiers responded by posting 8.6 K/9 last year.
The two areas he struggled were in limiting walks and in keeping the ball in the park. Fiers posted a career-worst 3.64 walks per nine innings last year to go along with 1.9 home runs allowed per nine innings, or about 50 percent worse than the average pitcher last year.
Oh, and there's one final piece to this puzzle: Fiers' pitching coach in the Milwaukee farm system was Chris Bosio, who'll be joining incoming manager Ron Gardenhire's staff for the upcoming season.
Bosio served as pitching coach for the Chicago Cubs during most of Fiers' major league career, but in that capacity helped his club go from one of the worst pitching staffs in the majors to one of the best. Jake Arrieta won the NL Cy Young Award in 2015, but only after flailing to a 5.46 ERA in four seasons in Baltimore. Multiple other mid-level projects turned their careers around in Chicago under Bosio, as well.
Put it all together and what you've got is a relatively inexpensive lottery ticket in Fiers. Best-case scenario, he puts up numbers closer to what he did in Milwaukee, giving the Tigers a boost as they surprisingly compete for the playoffs, or a nice trade chip as they more likely tank in 2018. Worse case, they pay him his $6 million and send him on his merry way after 2018 if any of the pitching prospects make an early case for the rotation.
That's about as close to buy low, sell high, as you could ask for.
This is exactly the kind of move that can help speed up a rebuild, and the Tigers should look for as many opportunities as they can to do more like it.
Kurt Mensching is the editor of Bless You Boys, a Tigers blog (www.blessyouboys.com). He can be reached at bybtigers@gmail.com.
ISLAMABAD, Jun 14 (APP): President Mamnoon Hussain has
congratulated the Pakistan cricket team on their tremendous
victory in the semi-final of the Champions Trophy 2017 against
England on Wednesday.
He said that the national team demonstrated outstanding
performance in all fields of the game.
The President expressed the hope that the national team
will also meet the aspirations of the nation through their
excellent performance in the final.
Leafs goalie Frederik Andersen gets a grip on crease-crashing Islander Ryan Strome with help from defenceman Matt Hunwick in Tuesday night's game at the ACC. Richard Lautens / Toronto Star ) Order this photo
It's one of the great mysteries of this Maple Leafs season. How can an uber-skilled squad that promises to bring the franchise back to prominence have such difficulty coming back from deficits? Heading into Tuesday's game against the Islanders the Maple Leafs ranked dead last in the NHL with a .063 winning percentage in games in which they trailed after the first period. Sixteen times they've trailed at the first intermission. Only once have they emerged from the evening with a victory. In some ways, it doesn't add up. Shouldn't a team running sixth in the league in goals per game, faced with a self-dug hole, have the resources and firepower to at least occasionally blast its way back into two points? You'd think so. But as the season was about to pass the two-thirds mark on Tuesday, the scarce veteran voices in the Toronto locker room pointed out what they see as an NHL truism. If the young Maple Leafs thought it was difficult to engineer comebacks in the season's early going, it promises to get tougher in the stretch run. “I wish we knew the answer (to why the Leafs haven't often come from behind to win),” said Frederik Andersen after he was among a handful of Maple Leafs who took a morning skate from which the team's regular skaters were exempt. “But I think games are getting tougher to come back in. You're seeing lower scoring. Once you get down, it's tough to come back. So it's one of those things: You've got to come out taking it to them instead of sitting around and waiting.” In other words: Hint, hint, fellas. Perhaps it wasn't a coincidence that the Maple Leafs, who'd built a first-intermission lead in just one of their previous eight games, had come away with just two wins in that eight-game span.
Article Continued Below
“I think good teams in this league, when they get the lead, it's hard to score on them,” said Matt Martin, the Maple Leafs grinder who played 24 post-season games with the Islanders over the past handful of springs. “These playoff teams that have been around a long time, you give them a one-, two-goal lead and they know how to hold onto it.” To that point, the likes of San Jose, Los Angeles, Washington and Tampa Bay were all converting first-intermission leads into victories at a rate of over 80 per cent heading into Tuesday's slate of games. The Penguins had converted 22 second-intermission advantages into 22 wins. And as much as, yes, the Maple Leafs have exhibited a habit of coughing up points in games in which they led in the third period, and as much as that's still an issue — well, lately the focus has been on getting back in the routine of actually getting the early jump on teams. “The first goal is an important goal for us,” Martin said. “At this point in the season, wins and goals and points are harder to come by. We need to get off to a good start. We haven't been showing up on time the last few games.”
Saturday's 3-1 loss to the Sabres was the latest case in point. And head coach Mike Babcock could only hope what he described as a good practice on Monday would set his team up for better beginnings to come. “When you're bad, you earn the right to be bad,” Babcock said. “We were bad at the start. They skated and they competed. We made big-time mistakes . . . If you do good things, good things will happen. To me it's real fair. Over time, the hockey gods reward the teams that play the best most nights.” If the Leafs don't play better off the jump, it's hard to like their chances of weathering the season's final couple of months clinging to a playoff spot. Their inability to pick themselves up after a first-intermission deficit is rare but not unprecedented. In the past 20 NHL seasons a shortlist of NHL teams have done worse in that scenario. The 1998-99 Lightning, whose leading scorers were Darcy Tucker and Wendel Clark, trailed 30 times after 20 minutes and never bounced back for a single win. But they finished dead last in the league that year. The 1999-00 Sabres won one of 21 in which they trailed after one. But they were an offensively challenged squad with the league's worst power play. The 2005-06 Penguins managed just two wins in 36 games in which they found themselves down at the first break. They had Sidney Crosby, but he was an 18-year-old rookie. The Penguins finished 29th in a 30-team league. All these years later, heading into Tuesday the Crosby-powered Penguins led the league in coming back from after-20-minute deficits. Nineteen times they've trailed. Eleven times they've arrived at the final horn two points richer. It's the kind of conversion rate Toronto can, for now, only aspire to achieve. “When we have the lead, it's something we've got to learn to lock down. But when we don't have it, we have to learn to climb back in,” Martin said. “It's not an easy thing to do.” No, it's not. And history suggests experience may be the only reliable teacher.
Casemiro and Marcelo arrive to complete Brazil squad
Casemiro and Marcelo arrive to complete Brazil squad
LONDON (AP) — Brazil's 23-man World Cup squad was completed on Wednesday, although it remains a guessing game as to how the team plans to line up at the tournament.
Real Madrid teammates Marcelo and Casemiro joined the group at Tottenham's training center following the Champions League final, meaning coach Tite has all 23 players at his disposal ahead of Brazil's first pre-World Cup friendly against Croatia on Sunday.
But Tite isn't giving anything away when it comes to which players he'll use for that game — which could mark Neymar's return from injury after almost 100 days on the sidelines — or in Russia for that matter. Tite once again only allowed media to watch just 30 minutes of Wednesday's training session and has been mixing up his lineups frequently during the 10 days of practice sessions in Brazil and London.
Manchester City right-back Danilo said he approves of the closed sessions.
"Yes, it is better for us. We have tranquility to work," he said. "Our trainings are different from the games and we need to use them well, just us."
It's unclear whether Tite will rush Neymar straight back into action against Croatia as he steps up his recovery from a broken bone in his right foot, with the Brazilian star having said he still feels some discomfort when he's on the field.
Danilo played with Neymar at Brazilian club Santos and said he has been taking it easy on his teammate in the training sessions.
"I've been trying to stop him since 2010, always as a right-back. It is only natural that I step over him a little," Danilo jokingly said. "It is only natural, I do it twice, three times every training. But I have to do it nicely for now."
Brazil will stay in London for training until June 8. The team will then travel to Vienna to play its last pre-World Cup friendly against Austria.
WASHINGTON — A person with direct knowledge of the move says the Washington Redskins have signed cornerback Orlando Scandrick to a two-year deal worth up to $10 million.
The person spoke to The Associated Press on condition of anonymity Monday because the team had not announced the deal.
The Dallas Cowboys released Scandrick over the weekend after he made 38 tackles in 11 starts last season. Scandrick started 69 games and appeared in 125 with Dallas since being taken in the fifth round of the 2008 draft.
The 31-year-old gives Washington some insurance at cornerback behind Josh Norman after trading Kendall Fuller to Kansas City in the deal for quarterback Alex Smith. Scandrick will be in the mix with Quinton Dunbar, Fabian Moreau and Josh Holsey for playing time.
IBM is hard at work on the problem of ubiquitous computing, and its approach, understandably enough, is to make a computer small enough that you might mistake it for a grain of sand. Eventually these omnipresent tiny computers could help authenticate products, track medications and more.
Look closely at the image above and you'll see the device both on that pile of salt and on the person's finger. No, not that big one. Look closer:
It's an evolution of IBM's “crypto anchor” program, which uses a variety of methods to create what amounts to high-tech watermarks for products that verify they're, for example, from the factory the distributor claims they are, and not counterfeits mixed in with genuine items.
The “world's smallest computer,” as IBM continually refers to it, is meant to bring blockchain capability into this; the security advantages of blockchain-based logistics and tracking could be brought to something as benign as a bottle of wine or box of cereal.
In addition to getting the computers extra-tiny, IBM intends to make them extra-cheap, perhaps 10 cents apiece. So there's not much of a lower limit on what types of products could be equipped with the tech.
Not only that, but the usual promises of ubiquitous computing also apply: this smart dust could be all over the place, doing little calculations, sensing conditions, connecting with other motes and the internet to allow… well, use your imagination.
It's small (about 1mm x 1mm), but it still has the power of a complete computer, albeit not a hot new one. With a few hundred thousand transistors, a bit of RAM, a solar cell and a communications module, it has about the power of a chip from 1990. And we got a lot done on those, right?
Of course at this point it's very much still a research project in IBM's labs, not quite a reality; the project is being promoted as part of the company's “five in five” predictions of turns technology will take in the next five years.
The saga between the powerhouse venture firm Benchmark and former Uber CEO Travis Kalanick continues. Following last week's lawsuit revelation, Benchmark penned a public letter to Uber employees, explaining why it is taking legal action against Kalanick, who remains on Uber's board and controls two other, empty board seats.
Today, Benchmark doubled down on its decision, writing a note addressed to Uber employees, saying that not only should it sue, but “perhaps the better question is why didn't we act sooner.” The firm said that when the CEO search began over 50 days ago, Kalanick agreed in writing to “modify the company's voting agreement to ensure that the board was composed of independent, diverse, and well qualified directors.” Benchmark is alleging that Kalanick has not followed through on this agreement and that he was warned over a month ago that he would be subject to potential litigation.
The lawsuit and Kalanick's resignation has been controversial in Silicon Valley. The former Uber CEO resigned in June amid board pressure, following months of turmoil at the most valuable startup. Allegations of sexual harassment, discrimination, and law-breaking led to a company investigation by former U.S. Attorney General Eric Holder.
Benchmark claims it was necessary for Kalanick to step down. “We acted out of a deep conviction that it would be better for Uber, its employees, and investors to have a fresh start. We believed then, as we believe now, that failing to act would have meant endorsing behavior that was utterly unacceptable in any company, let alone a company of Uber's size and importance.”
But not all of Uber's investors are in agreement that Kalanick should be sued and pushed off the board. Sherpa Capital, founded by early Uber investor Shervin Pishevar, has come out against Benchmark, demanding that it should be the one to leave the board and should also sell most of its shares.
There have been several other proposed scenarios. First reported by the New York Times, we've confirmed that Dragoneer Investment Group has discussed leading a coalition to buy some of Uber's shares at a discount and would also buy some new shares at the $68.5 billion valuation the company was assigned during its last private round of funding to maintain that valuation. No formal offer has been made, but the Uber board has agreed to move forward with the discussion.
There have also been various reports about SoftBank and the possibility of the Japanese investment firm buying up shares.
Benchmark and Uber have been contacted for comment.
Featured Image: Krisztian Bocsi/Bloomberg via Getty Images
Bulldogs opening spring practice rescheduled for Wednesday
ORANGEBURG, SC— Per SC State, the football team has rescheduled its opening spring football practice to Wednesday (March. 21st), beginning at 6:15 a.m. at Oliver.C. Dawson Stadium/ Willie Jeffries Field.
The Bulldogs will conduct its first of 15 practice sessions in shorts and helmets.
For more information on South Carolina State Athletics visit www.scsuathletics.com or call the Office of Athletic Media Relations at (803) 536-7060.
A startup called Caavo thinks it has a solution to the too-much-TV problem, with a device that brings together all the different streaming boxes and TV services you subscribe to. The company, which has raised $15 million in funding, provides a universal remote with voice control and a unified TV interface so users can search and discover all the TV content available to them.
Before we talk about Caavo, though, let's discuss the problem. For TV lovers, never before has there been so many TV shows, so many networks, so many video services, so many streaming boxes. And yet, though content is abundant, never has it been more difficult to find something worth watching.
This is not a new refrain, but it is one that has only become more pronounced with time.
The preponderance of original content from digital distributors like Netflix and Amazon has made having a streaming box or connected TV a necessity. But not every streaming box has every app, meaning sometimes two or three connected boxes are necessary to access everything you might want to watch. Add a set-top box or DVR to the mix, maybe a gaming system or two, and you've quickly run out of HDMI ports to plug things into.
For the modern TV addict, though, that is the least of one's worries. Having to switch inputs and launch different apps on different boxes is routine, while constantly swapping remotes has become the bane of one's existence.
Enter Caavo
Cavoo's device has eight HDMI inputs, which should satisfy all but the most fanatical TV watchers. Once plugged in, the system automatically recognizes what type of streaming box or game system it's connected to and adds them to its navigation.
Users tell Cavoo which streaming services they have subscribed to, and can even designate which device they'd prefer to access each on. (e.g. if you prefer to watch Netflix on your Xbox but like Amazon on your Fire TV.)
Once everything is set up, users can search or navigate their content through a voice-activated universal remote. To launch a particular piece of content, they just tell the remote to “watch” it. If it's something you've already been viewing, Caavo will pick up where you left off, or show you which services or apps you can watch it on.
A Neutral Approach
The Caavo founding team brings deep expertise in both hardware and media services, with decades of experience at companies like Jawbone, Sling, Microsoft Xbox, Harman and shufflr.tv.
The company was founded by the late Blake Krikorian, who helped introduced the concept of place-shifting to the TV industry through the creation of Sling Media. Before passing away last summer, Krikorian brought together a team that includes co-founders Andrew Einaudi, Ashish Aggarwal and Vinod Gopinath.
Together they hope to make it easier to navigate an increasingly fragmented media landscape and allow users to quickly and easily find what they want to watch.
To build the product, the Caavo team has raised $15 million from investors like Jason Krikorian at DCM, David Sze at Greylock, as well as Sky and Hearst Ventures.
Jason Krikorian, who founded Sling along with his brother Blake, told me that the idea of a unified ‘god box' has been around for a while — and that is was one of the product ideas they were thinking of building. The problem has only gotten worse since then, though.
One of the reasons the problem hasn't ben solved yet, is that every device manufacturer is jockeying for Input 1. Before building anything, Caavo's founders talked to MSOs, device manufacturers and service providers to show how they're going to make content more easily available to users.
“Caavo's approach is very purposefully trying to be neutral to all of these services and allowing the consumer to get faster access to all the content they want to get access to,” Krikorian said.
Meanwhile, Caavo marks the first media investment Greylock's Sze has made since putting money into Vudu back in 2006. For his part, he said he was interested in what Caavo was doing after seeing how big and complex the problem is, and how much worse it's gotten since then. He believes the time isright for this type of product in part because the industry has gotten more fragmented.
“I think it really is a matter of timing and fragmentation in the volume of apps and content sources that you have today… Two years ago you didn't have amazon making original programming, or netflix making original programming,” Sze said.
The Caavo device and remote will sell for $399, with pre-orders starting today. The company is planning to do a limited run of 5,000 and expects to ship to initial customers in the fall.
MEDICAL MALPRACTICE ATTORNEY
Plaintiffs' medical malpractice firm is seeking an attorney with 2 – 5 years' experience. Prior litigation experience is required. The ideal candidate will have extensive experience in taking and defending fact and expert witness depositions, and will have strong oral and written advocacy skills.
Salary commensurate with experience. Please submit resume, cover letter, writing sample, and recent deposition transcript, if available, to
kdf@malpracticeteam.com
PanARMENIAN.Net - The Syrian Arab Army (SAA) gained control over the town of Kaheel in Daraa province, on Tuesday, after heavy clashes with militant groups located in the area, Al-Masdar News reports.
The SAA is continuing its advance in the strategic area that borders Jordan and the Golan Heights.
Images show SAA soldiers carrying out artillery strikes while military vehicles move into position around Kaheel.
The Ontario Liberal Party's chief fundraiser, Zak Bailey, has quietly resigned just seven months into a job made even more challenging by campaign finance reforms triggered by a Star series last year.
But with public and private polling showing the Liberals languishing in third place well behind the Progressive Conservatives and the New Democrats — even after Wynne's 25 per cent cut in residential electricity rates — there is mounting uncertainty she will remain at the helm.
Party stalwarts are hoping next week's balanced ‎ budget from Finance Minister Charles Sousa will tip the scales for Wynne's teetering political fortunes.
Speculation about whether Premier Kathleen Wynne can continue to lead the governing Liberals is at a f‎ever pitch.
Recruiting a candidate for a byelection expected this summer in Liberal-held Sault Ste. Marie is proving difficult — to say nothing of attracting scores of Grit standard-bearers for the June 7, 2018 election.
Sources say Liberal fundraising is not going well — now that corporate and union donations have been banned — and that riding associations are rattled.
“You'd have to ask the party what their plans are,” Bailey said Monday, declining further comment.
If the premier is unable to pull her personal poll numbers out of a tailspin before the House rises in six weeks then salvaging a Liberal administration that dates back to 2003 could be daunting without a leadership change.
“I like to say that I live in world of heightened advice right now,” Wynne wryly admitted to Greater Toronto and Hamilton Area mayors and regional chairs last week in a candid moment that revealed the pressure she's under.
Behind closed doors in the Liberal caucus room, MPPs apologetically share with her their constituents' views.
“They just don't like you‎, premier,” one veteran MPP gently told her within earshot of other members. “I do, but they don't and I don't know why.”
It's a sentiment that Wynne — who remains both liked and respected by most of her caucus colleagues — may finally be starting to take to heart even as she insists she plans to lead the Liberals into the next campaign.
“She will do the right thing for the Ontario Liberal Party,” confided one intimate, who spoke on condition of anonymity in order to discuss internal party matters.
“The premier won us the last election (in 2014) and we know that. But the dislike toward her now — unfair and undeserved as it is — borders on the irrational,” said another Liberal.
Sources told the Star that more than a dozen MPPs are looking at not running again in the 2018 election over fears they will lose their seats due to her unpopularity.
No MPPs will yet speak publicly about the potential exodus — more out of their personal regard for Wynne than‎ due to a fear of retribution.
But some are known to be considering an appeal to her en masse‎ to share their worries about the future.
“There's no way we should lose to Patrick Brown — he's an empty suit with no plan,” fumed one long-time member‎, referring to the little-known rookie Progressive Conservative leader who polls suggest could win the election.
“If our vote collapses, there's a very real possibility Andrea Horwath could be the next premier of Ontario,” warned another Liberal, predicting the New Democrats would benefit if progressives abandon the Liberals to stop Brown's Tories.
“Andrea is more dangerous to us than Patrick.”
Sousa, the Liberals' happy warrior, is bullish on his boss and on the party's future after he tables a balanced budget chock full of campaign-friendly goodies on April 27.
“The premier is doing an outstanding job. She cares. She's deliberated over a number of tough files and issues and I have full confidence in her and my colleagues in the party to do what's best for the people of Ontario,” the treasurer said last Thursday.
“We have been an activist centre government. We're looking at stimulating growth, managing spending, and ensuring greater prosperity for the people of Ontario,” he said.
Sousa stressed he's “confident that the people of Ontario will come to appreciate — and have already appreciated — the work we do.”
“They elected her to a majority government; I believe they'll elect her again.”
Wynne's predecessor, Dalton McGuinty, who turned over the reins four years ago, once likened the role of a premier to a political party's “liver” that absorbs toxins.
“And one of your responsibilities on the way out is to take those (toxins) with you,” McGuinty told Robyn Bresnahan on CBC Radio's Ottawa Morning in 2015, “and to leave your successor a fighting chance.”
Having turned down the political heat on hydro with the 25 per cent rate cut that takes full effect in June and eliminated a stubborn deficit as of next week's budget, one Liberal insider said Wynne could depart “with her head held high.”
WASHINGTON -- House Majority Whip Steve Scalise threw out the ceremonial first pitch before Game 1 of the NL Division Series between the Washington Nationals and Chicago Cubs.
The Louisiana Republican made a triumphant return to the House last week -- more than three months after he was wounded in a shooting while practicing for an annual charity baseball game featuring members of Congress.
Editor's Picks Congress to play charity game after shooting House Speaker Paul Ryan announced that the Congressional Baseball Game, an annual charity event, will be played as scheduled despite the events of Wednesday morning, when a gunman opened fire on Republican lawmakers practicing for the game.
Scalise wore a red Nationals jersey Friday night with his name and No. 3 on the back. He threw to U.S. Capitol Police officer David Bailey while holding onto a walker stationed a few feet in front of the mound.
Scalise, Bailey and two others were wounded when a gunman opened fire at the practice. Zack Barth and Matt Mika, the other shooting victims, were honored after the pitch.
A medieval arts and crafts show will be held Saturday, February 18, on the campus of Southwestern Oklahoma State University in Weatherford.
You need to login to view the rest of the content. Please Login . Not a Member? Join Us
ISLAMABAD : The interior ministry on Tuesday informed the Islamabad High Court (IHC) that US defence and air attaché Col Joseph Emmanuel who allegedly killed a biker in a traffic accident in the federal capital has been blacklisted.
A bench of the high court was hearing a petition seeking to place the name of the US diplomat on the Exit Control List (ECL).
The ministry submitted a report to the bench in response to its notice, stating that Col Joseph has been blacklisted in a case pertaining to the death of 22-year-old Ateeq Baig.
To a query, state counsel Raja Khalid informed that the US diplomat cannot travel after being blacklisted. Travel restrictions for a person placed on the ECL or blacklisted are similar, he added.
The court asked the federal law officer to explain whether Col Joseph will be tried or punished under Pakistani or US laws? What does Vienna Convention on Diplomatic Relations say about this, questioned the judge.
He directed the ministries of the interior, law and foreign affairs to submit their respective reports, answering the queries of the court on next hearing.
The hearing was adjourned for 10 days.
Twenty-two year old Ateeq Baig was killed after being hit by the vehicle of the US diplomat near Daman-e-Koh Chowk in the federal capital on April 7.
The father of the deceased petitioned the high court, requesting it to impose travel ban on the US defense and air attaché Col Joseph Emanuel Hall.
In his petition, he claimed the police registered a FIR of the accident under pressure from media, but were not seriously following the case. He pleaded with the court to order the police to carry out a fair probe into his son's death in the road mishap and send the diplomat behind bars.
The accused diplomat, and SHO Kohisar police station have been named as respondents in the petition.
The Islamabad police have already submitted a request to the interior ministry, to add the name of the US diplomat in the ECL.
The request was made in relation to the diplomat's reckless driving that resulted in killing of the motorcyclist while leaving the other severely injured.
An FIR was registered against defense and air attaché Col Joseph Emanuel Hall of US embassy after he hit two motorcyclists at Daman-e-Koh intersection of Islamabad.
Due to his diplomatic immunity, the Colonel was not detained, but now the police are proceeding to get his local driving license revoked.
The police had sent a letter to the Ministry of Interior requesting them to include Mr. Hall's name in the Exit Control List (ECL). Followed by a letter to the Federal Investigation Agency (FIA) to place the US diplomat's name on its watch-list.
“We have requested for including his name on the ECL so that we can arrest him if (and when) his diplomatic immunity is waived,” a police officer said,
He also mentioned that they have requested the Foreign Office to find a way to bypass the diplomat's immunity. However, this remains highly unlikely that the diplomat's name would be added on ECL.
The police also stated that the driver in question was not under any influence at the time and that they were not able to take him for a medical examination as then they would have had to detain him which they do not have authorization for.
“Our assessment is that he was sober at the time, as he was maintaining his line and also saved another motorcycle,” they said.
“The traffic signal was red but he broke it, the two youngsters on the motorcycle were hit and one of them died on the spot.”
The US diplomat was initially taken to Kohisar police station in sector F-7. Officials said Col. Hall was alone in his vehicle.
Orignally published by INP
Get Liverpool FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Jurgen Klopp claims a top four finish this season would be a success.
Even before his countryman Didi Hamann became the latest Anfield old boy suggesting he needs a trophy to avoid the sack, the German was aware of the brutal demands a Liverpool boss faces.
Yet Klopp is also a pragmatist who knows that, despite their history, his club has no divine right to success any more... and is now placed firmly behind the bigger-spending aristocrats of Manchester's United and City, Chelsea and Arsenal in the pecking order of English football.
That is why he talks of winning the title being the dream he starts with every season, when finishing ahead of at least two clubs who spend more than Liverpool on wages is a more realistic marker of success in football's nuclear arms race.
(Image: Liverpool FC via Getty)
A home win over rivals Tottenham on Sunday, in a game he cheerfully admits is a “six-pointer” would take them a step closer to that goal this season, and he said: “Top four, for sure, is a success.
“When you start a season, you can dream of something and you have to make a realistic target as well. I think being champion is probably the dream — not only at Liverpool, but especially at Liverpool.
“Because of the season City is playing, that is quite difficult. Then I would prefer to be second if you cannot be first. But if you are second, third or fourth at the end of the season, when you look back all three positions are good — and similarly difficult to reach.
(Image: PA)
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
“Arsenal are not out of it. Tottenham is behind all of us at the moment, but only a couple of points. So it is tough to be top four.”
That will hardly play well with certain impatient sections of the Anfield crowd, nor old boys such as Hamann, Graeme Souness, John Toshack and Luis Garcia, who have all suggested recently that the manager desperately needs a trophy now he's into a third year in charge.
Yet for Klopp, it is a process.
Almost exactly a year ago, when his Reds faced - and outplayed – Spurs at Anfield, he spoke about their opponents being further ahead of Liverpool in their development.
Now the gap is closed, with only City currently out of reach.
But Klopp believes there is one important element in the Tottenham trajectory to turn his own title dream into a hard and fast reality – keeping your best players.
“That they can keep their squad together for so long is a big sign to be honest. Harry Kane is still there, even though the whole world is going nuts transfer wise.
“I think if someone has too much money or more than enough then it would make sense to ask, ‘Don't you want to play for our team?' He is obviously an outstanding top level since I was in England at least.
“Dele Alli is not the same season as last season but still the highest quality, Eriksen constantly 'Pfff!'... They are just a good side and they are still together.
“The whole world buys players from everywhere, but no one buys one player from Tottenham. Maybe they don't want to go. You can imagine working together helps a lot. With these players and the age group, the players are closer to 20 than 30, that is a very very interesting project.”
Yet Liverpool is ahead of Spurs in the table, and can open an important gap with victory.
(Image: AFP/Getty)
For Klopp, that is not enough, even if it takes him past one more of his rivals:
“In the end I think to fulfil our dreams at some points we have to overtake all of them We have to be ready for achieving the biggest thing, I can only say with all the respect that Tottenham is a really interesting project.”
Klopp will restore £75m defender Virgil van Dijk to his starting line-up and Gino Wijnaldum could also return in midfield.
ROCHESTER, N.Y. — Andreas Johnsson scored and added two assists as the Toronto Marlies doubled the Rochester Americans 4-2 on Friday in American Hockey League play.
Miro Aaltonen and Vincent LoVerde had back-to-back goals in the third period as the Marlies (33-11-1), the AHL affiliate of the Toronto Maple Leafs, broke a 2-2 deadlock. Richard Clune also scored for Toronto, while Garret Sparks made 26 saves for the win.
Arvin Atwal and Brian Gionta replied for Rochester (25-11-10). Linus Ullmark stopped 27 shots in net.
Neither team scored on the power play. The Marlies went 0 for 2 and the Americans were 0 for 3.
This website uses cookies to allow us to see how our website and related online services are being used. By continuing to use this website, you consent to our cookie collection. More information about how we collect cookies is found here.
This very special event will allow them to help make Christmas fun, exciting, and memorable for area families in need this holiday season.
Here's how they do it . . . on December 16th, kids from participating families will set out to do some holiday shopping at Walmart with one of our Timnath Police Officers. They will be able to buy a gift for their siblings, their parents, and one for themselves. Before the shopping begins, Subway will provide breakfast for the families and, when finished, Walmart will put together a wonderful meal for each family to enjoy on Christmas Day!
If you would like to be a part of making an unforgettable Christmas possible for others this year, we invite you to help out with donation of any size. Checks should be made payable to: WALMART, and you can drop them by the Timnath Administration building (or mail it to: 4800 Goodman St., Timnath, CO. 80547) ATTN: Shop with a Cop.
The TPD sends their heartfelt THANKS to all who donated to Shop with a Cop last year and would like to thank you, in advance, for your generosity this Christmas! If you need additional info, or have any questions, please contact Sergeant Wynkoop with the Timnath Police Department at 970-224-3211
Thank You for your generosity this Christmas!
Wilson Hall falls at Pinewood Prep
SUMMERVILLE, S.C. (WOLO) – Wilson Hall was unable to hold on to a second half lead, falling to Pinewood Prep 44-35.
The Barons drop to 5-2 on the season, falling to 3-2 in SCISA AAA, while the Panthers rise to 4-3 overall, 3-1 against their region.
Wilson Hall returns home on the 13th to host first-place and undefeated Hammond.
Photo: Scott Kirkland / PictureGroup / Sipa / USA Today
By Scott T. Sterling
Diplo has a brand-new look, and it's his hottest yet.
Related: Diplo Donates $100k to Vegas Victims' Relief Fund
The notorious DJ took it upon himself to join Kanye West's Yeezy Season 6 promo campaign, sharing his own inimitable take on a recent photo shoot for the collection.
In case you missed it, the shoot features the likes of Paris Hilton, model Amina Blue and adult film actress Lela Star all posing as Kim Kardashian from a series of famous paparazzi photos.
Diplo hopped on social media to share his very unofficial contribution to the campaign, which is quite frankly, flawless.
See the stunning results below.
Don't just take our word for it. Kim Kardashian herself has seen the photos, and she's all about them, sharing her response on Twitter.
A topless Diplo rocking a waist-length blond wig is one very hot Diplo. Here's hoping he holds onto this edgy new style for a while.
"I did not believe it at all when I heard that they might be making a film, but I have been more than happy since I learned that it was really happening. Not to mention Deku and others' action, I think that the film will have a lot of content, such as a certain character's past that has not been told in the manga story yet and flashy action scenes that can be shown only in a film. You can look forward to it!"
The official website and twitter pages have opened today for the upcoming anime film based on Kohei Horikoshi's action shonen manga My Hero Academia, the new film is titled My Hero Academia The Movie. The website and Twitter page both confirmed the film's in Japan in the summer of 2018. While not many details are provided, the film will tell an original story supervised by the manga author Horikoshi, who will also provide the original character designs.Kenji Nagasaki has been the director for the past two and the upcoming third TV anime series, and will be making his feature film directorial debut in this film. Yosuke Kuroda is the TV anime's series composition writer and will be providing screenplay for the film. Character designer Yoshihiko Umakoshi and soundtrack composer Yuuki Hayashi are also attached with the film project.Here is the official tweet from the official Twitter page for the film with some exclusive art!Horikoshi posted his comment on the film on the film's site:Here is the official teaser trailer for the third season of the Hero Academia anime as well as a trailer of the series for your viewing pleasure!My Hero Academia Synopsis: Izuku has dreamt of being a hero all his life—a lofty goal for anyone, but especially challenging for a kid with no superpowers. That's right, in a world where eighty percent of the population has some kind of super-powered “quirk,” Izuku was unlucky enough to be born completely normal. But that's not enough to stop him from enrolling in one of the world's most prestigious hero academies.
Kalahari doubling its footprint with conference amenities
Ex-Luzerne County teacher gets up to 2 years for sex with students WILKES-BARRE — When it came time for former Coughlin High School teacher Robert Havard to be sentenced Tuesday afternoon for having sexual relations with two teenage students, more than two dozen supporters lined up at the bench to ask the judge for mercy. (read more)
Dunmore to add request for AG to review sewer sale DUNMORE — Borough council will ask the state attorney general's office to review the $195 million sale of the Scranton Sewer Authority to Pennsylvania American Water amid lingering questions about millions of dollars in legal fees surrounding the transaction. (read more)
Scranton School Board increases incentive options for employees With nearly four dozen teachers and paraprofessionals preparing to retire next week with an incentive, the Scranton School District wants to shrink its workforce even more. (read more)
Scranton store owner describes robbery, getting shot at A gunman robbed a dollar store Monday morning in the Green Ridge Plaza and fired two shots at the store owner who pursued him, Scranton police said. (read more)
Scranton cop injured trying to serve PFA A Scranton police officer intending to protect a woman from abuse ended up needing to defend himself from the man the woman feared. (read more)
Scranton store owner describes robbery, getting shot at The armed robber and the defiant store owner chasing him reached the train tracks when the bullets started flying. Two shots cracked Monday in the hot air. (read more)
Judge dimisses inmate's religious freedom lawsuit A federal judge dismissed a lawsuit filed by a former Lackawanna County prison inmate who alleged the prison violated his right to religious freedom. (read more)
Farmers market vouchers available to seniors A popular program that provides Lackawanna County senior citizens with vouchers to obtain fresh fruit and vegetables at area farmers markets returns this summer. (read more)
Former City Councilor At-Large and Mayoral candidate John Connolly endorsed City Council candidate Stephen Passacantilli at a Charlestown event hosted by Boston Public School (BPS) parents from across the district. In the 2013 Mayoral Election, Connolly won both Charlestown and the North End in both the Preliminary and Final Elections.
Connolly, a former teacher and past chair of the Council's Education Committee said, “Stephen Passacantilli understands what It's like raising a family in Boston, and he will be a strong advocate for our kids, our parents, and our Boston Public Schools. Stephen is deeply invested in our communities, and he knows how to get things done. I saw that firsthand when I worked with him in Sal LaMattina's office, and I've seen it through his work in the community. There is no one who cares more or will fight harder for the people of District 1 than Stephen Passacantilli.”
Passacantilli said, “It is such an honor having John Connolly's support. John and I frequently talk about the Boston Public Schools and how we can ensure that all kids can access a great school close to home. As a BPS parent, I will work tirelessly to ensure that each and every child in Boston receives a world-class education.”
Many know Passacantilli from his years of public service across Boston. He is a lifelong resident of the North End where he has been deeply involved as past president of his local civic association and through local charities and community organizations like North End Against Drugs (NEAD) and the North End Beautification Committee. Passacantilli is also an active Boston Public Schools parent and serves on the board of the Gavin Foundation.
Passacantilli and his wife, Renée, are raising their two children, Grace and Evan, just around the corner where he grew up in the North End.
THE National Railways of Zimbabwe (NRZ) wants the government to warehouse its $176 million debt to various institutions, while the stricken parastatal comes up with a repayment plan.
Source: NRZ trains moving at 10km/hour – NewsDay Zimbabwe February 14, 2017
BY VENERANDA LANGA
NRZ board chairperson, Larry Mavhima yesterday appeared before the Parliamentary Portfolio Committee on Transport.
Mavhima told the Dexter Nduna-led committee that the NRZ infrastructure had deteriorated to the extent that signalling equipment was now forcing train drivers to travel at 10km per hour to avoid collisions.
NRZ, Mavhima said, intends to sell scrap metal from which it hopes to raise $2,5 million.
“We hope to go into the market to solicit for $16,2 million to finance our strategic plan for 2017.
“The problem is that we are not having significant investment by the shareholder (government) in terms of upgrading infrastructure,” he said.
Mavhima said out of 166 locomotives, only 60 were functional and were 30 to 50 years old when their lifespan was supposed to be 25 years.
“We have 7 153 wagons, and 3 641 wagons have various defects, while only 3 512 are in service. There are 332 passenger coaches, but only 108 are in use and these are in a poor condition,” he said.
Mavhima said about 255km of rail out of 2 660km was classified as under restrictions, which means the driver had to travel at 10km per hour instead of 60km to avoid derailment.
“The 313km that was electrified was vandalised and decommissioned. The most critical element in rail is signalling telecommunications and $100 million has been allocated to that to instal radio systems. There is need to restructure the NRZ balance sheet to make it attractive.
“Our infrastructure is now archaic to the extent the whole communication system to track trains has collapsed. We cannot communicate with drivers or determine what speed they are travelling at,” he said.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn
Email
More
Google
Reddit
Ketochoice You have to now not contact alcohol as alcohol could be very fattening. If you crave for tough beverages, drink a few orange juice or lemonade or a few different fruit juice as an alternative. You can have bloodless drinks that allow you to stem your urge for tough beverages however cold beverages are fattening too even though now not as plenty as alcohol (hard liquids). And by no means have the 'Diet' manufacturers or variations of cold drinks. They motive most cancers and different illnesses.
https://mumybear.com/ketochoice-garcinia/
Russians In Moscow Celebrate 6 More Years Of Putin
On Sunday, Vladimir Putin won the Russian presidential election by a landslide. NPR's Mary Louise Kelly was in Moscow to witness the late-night celebrations of another six years of Putin in power.
MARY LOUISE KELLY, HOST:
All right, well, speaking of Russia, I cannot resist hopping in here and sharing one moment from what has been a fascinating reporting trip. As you know - big election here in Russia over the weekend. Vladimir Putin has just secured six more years in power. And his supporters were ready to party last night. We caught up with them at a nightclub in central Moscow.
We've just walked into this party. It is packed. People in here are drinking shots and pink champagne. There's a huge screen up with live election results coming in. I don't actually know who's throwing this party or who anybody else here is. So I think I'm going to go see if I can find an organizer and find out.
Would you say your name for me?
ELENA: Elena, press secretary of this, yeah.
KELLY: Press secretary of this - who's organized this?
ELENA: It's not only one organizer, so it's a couple. And they decided to produce a community. It's about 2,000 people right here right now from different regions of Russia.
KELLY: So basically it's a party to get people from different professions, different parties together
ELENA: Yeah, yeah. It's a new form - we call it like poli-tainment (ph), like politic entertainment. We're trying to find a new vision to the politics.
(SOUNDBITE OF MUSIC)
KELLY: May I ask your name? You're kissing my hand. Thank you - very chivalrous. And what is your name?
ALEXANDER TOPCHAEV: Alexander Topchaev.
KELLY: Did you vote today? Who did you vote for?
TOPCHAEV: (Through interpreter) Me personally, I voted for Putin.
KELLY: You voted for Putin. You must be happy tonight.
TOPCHAEV: (Through interpreter) We have to wait for the results.
KELLY: It's not looking very close, though - looks like you got this one.
UNIDENTIFIED MAN: (Speaking Russian).
KELLY: We're just standing here in suspense. They've just called one minute, and they're going to call the election here. We've got a big screen up - 75.01 percent - don't forget the .01 - for Putin. Here we go.
UNIDENTIFIED MAN: (Speaking in Russian).
(CHEERING)
KELLY: You're listening to the crowd, which apparently is pretty pro-Putin, going crazy here - silver confetti in the air. Oh, wow.
(SOUNDBITE OF MUSIC)
UNIDENTIFIED SINGER: (Singing in Russian).
KELLY: It's past midnight, and we're turning to leave when it hits me. This party is so Washington - power suits and people angling themselves in front of marginally more important people to take selfies. The awkward dancing, the cocktail buffet - it's Moscow on the Potomac, a very Russian yet somehow universal election results party here in Moscow.
(SOUNDBITE OF MUSIC)
UNIDENTIFIED SINGER: (Singing in Russian).
Copyright © 2018 NPR. All rights reserved. Visit our website terms of use and permissions pages at www.npr.org for further information.
NPR transcripts are created on a rush deadline by Verb8tm, Inc., an NPR contractor, and produced using a proprietary transcription process developed with NPR. This text may not be in its final form and may be updated or revised in the future. Accuracy and availability may vary. The authoritative record of NPR's programming is the audio record.
Steve Young speaks to how Phillip Rivers and Eli Manning need help from their run games if they are to save their seasons. (0:55)
Manning and Rivers can't do it on their own (0:55)
COSTA MESA, Calif. -- Rub some dirt on it.
According to Los Angeles Chargers quarterback Philip Rivers, that was the remedy handed down by his high school football coach, dad Steve Rivers, when it came to dealing with injuries.
The sage advice from his father has served Rivers well. He has not missed a start in his NFL career: 180 and counting.
Rivers ranks second among active players to the quarterback who will be on the opposite sideline Sunday: Eli Manning, who's at 203 consecutive games as the New York Giants' starter.
Brett Favre, known for living by the words that availability is your best ability, is the career leader with 298 consecutive games started.
Still, it's an impressive showing by these two quarterbacks, who were traded for each other atop the 2004 draft class and might both one day wind up in the Pro Football Hall of Fame.
Philip Rivers, left, brings a 180-game starting streak into Sunday's game opposite Giants starting QB Eli Manning, who's riding a 203-game streak of his own. Christopher Hanewinckel/USA TODAY Sports
Rivers, who turns 36 in December, says he hasn't missed a game in any sport -- youth football, basketball or Little League -- since he started playing as a youngster.
“I'm just thankful I've been able to be out there,” said Rivers, who played with a torn ACL in his right knee in an AFC Championship Game loss to the New England Patriots after the 2007 season. “Everyone wants to say it's because I'm tougher than other guys, and I don't think that's true. There's an element of that, though, just from growing up.
“My dad used to always say, ‘Don't lay out there on the field; if you have any kind of injury, get up unless you can't walk.' Those were the kinds of things I heard early on. You want the guys to know you'll do anything to be out there. And that helps them feel the same way.”
While Rivers and Manning have played through pain and injuries, both have tinkered with offseason workouts to help build stamina and maintain flexibility as they've gotten older.
“You've got to be able to move in the pocket, slide, buy a little extra time and find windows,” said Manning, who turns 37 in January. “And so that's just something you're just always working in the offseason and practicing quick movement. If you've got to get out of the pocket and extend the play, you've got to do that as well and work on that in practice. Make sure guys are working to the ball and do those things correctly.
“You've got to be mobile, but as you get older you've got to understand, 'I'm not the most mobile, I don't want to run 10 times in a game.' You want to find your completions, know where your checkdowns are, get in and out of plays and be smart.”
Chargers offensive coordinator Ken Whisenhunt worked with another product of the 2004 draft, Pittsburgh Steelers quarterback Ben Roethlisberger, early in his career.
Whisenhunt also coached Kurt Warner while with the Arizona Cardinals late in Warner's career. Warner was inducted into the Hall of Fame this year. So Whisenhunt understands how quarterbacks long in the tooth have to compensate for diminishing physical skills.
“Over the course of time, both of those guys have been really good football players,” Whisenhunt said. “I can't speak for Eli, but from having been around Philip, the way they prepare, study, take care of themselves, that's all a part of it as far as the longevity goes.
“When you go against guys like that, or you're with guys like that, there's not a lot they haven't seen. But it is important that you don't get bored with it, that you continue to study and push it. Both of those guys are such high-level competitors and really good players, that's the way they're wired.”
What you need to know in the NFL
• Statistics
• Scoreboard
• 2017 schedule, results
• Standings
Rivers said despite the fact that he's in the midst of his 14th NFL season, there's not much he could do early in his career that he can't do now.
“There was probably a time if we just did a long-ball competition, I could probably throw it a little further,” Rivers said. “Probably not a lot. Things like that. I don't know that there's, ‘Oh, I could've made that throw five years ago but I can't make it now.' I don't think I've hit that point yet.
“I think I'm better mentally. I think each game you grow as a player, see more and more looks and more things. It doesn't always translate every Sunday, but you feel better equipped. You have more tools for how you can handle the attacks of coverage.”
Tesla dropped the price on their entry-level Model S, with a $7,500 discount to the 75kWh version, which now starts at $69,500. The price drop comes as Tesla stops selling the 60kWh model, which it discontinued recently and sold only until remaining stop ran out.
The price drop also comes with upgraded standard equipment, meaning you'll get a better value overall. These include the all-glass overhead roof, and an automatic powered rear lift gate as standard features across all Model S battery options. Electrek reports that in addition to those changes, some other tweaks mean you can only get certain options on higher-priced models now, which it looks like are designed to help make sure the company continues to see a healthy mix of buyers at all points in its pricing matrix.
The Model S still isn't “cheap” by any stretch of the imagination, but the pricing and option changes do mean your money goes farther at the entry-level for the vehicle lineup. The lesson is this: Patience is rewarded for would-be Tesla buyers – but of course, you need to take the plunge at some point if you want the car, so waiting forever isn't an option.
Tesla also reached out to tell us it'll increase prices slightly at the top end of the range, so that the average selling price of vehicles actually ends up being very similar to before. Here's the full list of changes, including the increases coming April 24:
Model S
75: $69,500
75D: $74,500
90D: $87,500
100D: $97,500 (beginning 4/24)
P100DL: $140,000 (beginning 4/24)
Model X
75D: $82,500
90D: $93,500
100D: $99,500 (beginning 4/24)
P100DL: $145,000 (beginning 4/24)
Tesla also provided this official statement from a spokesperson:
A Supreme Court imputation hearing will be held on Friday, Feb. 16 for CD deputy Mario Lazarus, for the traffic death of a 14-year-old girl on December 27 in Colon Province.
Lazarus, a doctor. confessed at the time to leaving the scene of the accident “to get help.” He is charged with the crime against life and personal integrity.
The hearing will be chaired by the Judge of Guarantees, Harry Diaz, and the prosecutor will be the magistrate Ángela Russo, assigned on January 2 by the Plenary of the Supreme Court of Justice after the admission of the case. As a deputy, Lazarus avoids the normal criminal court system.
3 min read Goal Setting
My Personal Goal for the Year
One big, simple, specific goal per year is all you need to lead a life of continual learning and new possibilities.
Over the course of two days, the Twitter account @TrumpsAlert, which describes itself as a "bot tracking Trump family follow and unfollows," tweeted that Ivanka Trump followed and unfollowed Kanye West on Twitter — twice within two days. And lots of people on Twitter have theories about Trump's mysterious Twitter activity.
According to the first tweet by @TrumpsAlert, Trump reportedly first followed West at 12:00 p.m. on April 23 and then unfollowed at 6:30 a.m. on April 24. About 10 minutes later, Trump apparently followed West again at 6:40 a.m. on April 24. The follow seemed to last only a few hours as the same bot then tweeted Trump unfollowed West (again) at 10:50 a.m. The Twitter account that tallies these likes, follows, and unfollows gives a caveat with these notes.
When it comes to alerts about a Trump family member following someone, the account says that it "cannot tell if it was a new follow or the result of the account being reactivated." When it comes to unfollow, it says that it isn't able to tell "if this was an unhollow, suspension, or block."
Trump's apparent social media activity arrives shortly after the rapper posted a high-praise tweet for conservative commentator Candace Owens and said, "I love the way Candace Owens thinks." Some observers say that West's tweet elevated him to the status of an instant favorite among the far-right conservatives.
As for Trump, social media users have their theories about her reported double follow-and-unfollow run and jokingly suggested that she was trying West to follow her back.
While some thought that Trump's back-to-back follow and unfollow for West was a subtle hint at getting him to follow her back, others seemed unfazed. One Twitter user said noted the incident and nonchalantly added that "2018 is so 2018."
Still, for others, the development — if you can call it that — was full of significance and drama. One Twitter user shared the @TrumpsAlert tweets on West and Trump and said that she was, in all caps, "REPEATING BECAUSE [IT IS] IMPORTANT." Different strokes for different folks, as they say.
More to come...
Top 5 players above 30 playing in the Premier League
Despite passing their peak years, some of these footballers can still put younger talents to shame.
by Kevin Ronith Kumar Top 5 / Top 10 15 Feb 2017, 12:11 IST
Milner has brought his vast experience and steely determination to the Liverpool side
Since it's inception in 1992, the Premier League has witnessed some of the best footballers in the world and has risen to become one of the toughest football leagues on the planet. And to survive in a league as such, a footballer must be made of more than flesh and blood.
There are several players beyond the age of 30 still playing in the Premier League who can still put the youngest of talents to shame. Some of these players have shown time and again, why they are the best and still playing a key role at their clubs despite their age.
Let's take a look at five of the best footballers in the Premier League who are above the age of 30.
#5 James Milner – 31
James Milner has been a constant fixture in the Premier League since he made his debut as a 16-year-old in 2002 for Leeds United. The former Manchester City midfielder who turned 31 recently seems to be in his best playing years with Liverpool. After leaving Manchester City to join Liverpool in 2015, Milner has brought experience and leadership that club required following the departure of Steven Gerrard.
After Klopp replaced Brendan Rodgers as the manager of Liverpool, there were lots doubts raised about Milner's role in his team. But to everyone's surprise, Milner featured more frequently than any other midfielder from the Reds squad. This season, Milner has found himself playing in an unfamiliar position, as left-back for the Reds, replacing the struggling Alberto Moreno, and excelling beyond anybody's wildest imagination.
With at least three more seasons left in his engine, Milner could possibly end his club career at Liverpool and hopefully bring silverware to Merseyside.
The Milwaukee women's basketball team got an efficient win over Wright State at the Klotsche Center on Thursday evening.
Jenny Lindner led the Panthers with 23 points on 6-9 shooting and a perfect 10-10 from the free throw line. Lindner added a career-high 16 rebounds. With one of their best scorers, Steph Kostowicz, out with an injury, Lindner filled major shoes to help the Panthers win.
“This was a huge win for our program,” Milwaukee head coach Kyle Rechlicz said. “The energy and the focus that our team came out with is exactly what you expect towards the second half of conference play. It's tough when you have one of your better players sitting on the bench, but we had a lot of people that stepped up in her absence.”
Jamie Reit added 14 points and Bailey Farley contributed nine points.
Horizon League Leading Scorer Chelsea Welch scored 17 points for WSU.
After starting an impressive 10-0 run early in the first quarter, the Panthers scored fearlessly and never looked back. Milwaukee shot well from beyond the arc, making 6-13 on the night. Four of the six three's came in the first half, which helped the Panthers stretch the lead tremendously.
The Raiders battled back with efficient offense of their own and cut the once double-digit lead to single digits for the rest of the way. WSU found a huge spark in their offense in the fourth when they went up for the first time by one and then again by three.
It was Lindner again for the Panthers who made several consecutive shots in the final minute. Milwaukee came up with a stop defensively first, then pushed the ball for a 6-0 run to get atop the Raiders by the final buzzer.
The Panthers shot well all night at 47.5 percent in field goals and 46.2 percent from deep. Milwaukee achieved many of their shots by getting to the free throw line. The Panthers made 15-18 free throws on the night.
While shooting well, Milwaukee maintained their defense, limiting WSU to just 30.9 percent from the floor.
The Panthers have their annual Pink Day and Alumni Day games next, in which they will take on Northern Kentucky on Saturday at 2 p.m. and Green Bay next Saturday.
Farmington Hills firefighters Wednesday rescued a construction worker who fell off a scaffolding into a large hole.
“He's conscious and alert,” Farmington Hills Fire Chief Jon Unruh said. “He was complaining of some back and chest injuries, but he's in good spirits.”
Firefighters received a call at 1:25 p.m. about the incident on the campus of the Beaumont Hospital on Grand River Avenue near 8 Mile Road, Unruh said.
“The hospital is under construction and (he) fell about 20 feet from some scaffolding into a hole,” he said. “We went down into the hole and provided some advanced life support care and made sure he was secure. We lifted him out of the hole in a Stokes basket, utilizing one of the cranes at the construction site.”
Unruh said firefighters and rescue workers were able to get the 45-year-old man out of the hole by 2:06 p.m.
He was taken to the Beaumont Hospital for treatment.
“He got out of there in a relatively quick manner for the type of rescue we had to do and it was very positive,” he said.
cramirez@detroitnews.com
Read or Share this story: http://detne.ws/2spLpUz
VERMILION, Alta. -
Two-time Canadian Women's Curling Champion Heather Nedohin was welcomed by local students in Vermilion on Feb. 9 for a special Learn to Curl clinic.
For a second year, Nedohin has been making her away around rural communities, in partnership with the County of Vermilion River Gas Utility and the Federation of Alberta Gas Co-ops Ltd., and brought a series of curling clinic for students from Vermilion and the surrounding area.
“We are trying to create a safe and informative curling experience in a two-hour Learn to Curl clinic, and providing off-ice experience on what curling brings to our communities,” Nedohin said.
First, the students were seated to discuss the basics of curling and its role in the community. Once the basics were covered, the youth were then brought to the ice. There, Nedohin went over delivery, throwing and sweeping skills, and incorporated strategy to encourage a fun mini game at the end of the sessions.
Two classes of students were brought in and given the primer on curling.
“There are curlers in the community with great potential, which is awesome to see,” she said. “There wasn't anyone here that hasn't been to a curling club before. So, it is nice to see the junior curling programs alive and active.”
Vermilion curling Marty Jackson said Nedohin's session offered useful pointers and reinforced the skills her coaches are trying to instill in her.
“A lot of our coaches try to get their point across, and some of us try to listen, but we never think they are right. So, when you have someone from outside of the club tell you the exact same thing you hear it better, so we had a lot of kids trying a lot harder than usual,” said Jackson, who has been curling for over a decade.
For Islay, Alta. curlers Grace and Emily Fluney, the session was a great experience, since their curling club only established this year.
“My favourite thing was just being able to play a game against people and meet new friends. I also improved on coming out of the hack, which is the place where you go to throw your rocks from,” Grade said.
Emily added that the experience was fun and she noticed a difference in her ability to throw the rock after the session.
“I find it very rewarding because we are helping not only the kids on ice, but those supporting groups, whether it is the junior coordinators or the parents or the ice makers,” Nedohin said. “We are teaching the teachers at the same time and providing them with some tips and tools that they can use to expand their capabilities with the kids. I walk away thinking ‘Alright we've left them additional equipment thoughts, drills or opportunities to make their program a little but stronger'.”
This is the second year that the Federation of Alberta Gas Co-ops Ltd. and its 81 Member Natural Gas Utilities have put on Learn to Curl clinics in rural Alberta communities in partnership with Nedohin. Nedohin rose to fame as the World Junior Curling Champion in 1996, and is a two-time bronze medalist in Women's World Curling in in 1998 and 2012. She won the Scotties Tournament of Hearts in 1998 and 2012.
thermiston@postmedia.com
@StandardTay
@VStandard1909
CLAIM
Blue Buffalo pet food contains unsafe and higher-than-average levels of lead.
Unproven
RATING
Unproven
ORIGIN
In June 2017, a rumor appeared that Blue Buffalo brand pet food had been recalled because it contained toxic levels of lead:
I have seen claims that Blue Buffalo brand dog food contains unhealthy amounts of lead. It is a highly regarded brand of dog food, Can you confirm if this rumor is true?
As is often the case with pet safety claims, the rumor spread via word-of-mouth, periodically reappearing on social media. According to various versions of the rumor, all Blue Buffalo dog and cat food had been recalled because of the presence of lead, and a class action lawsuit had been filed after the brand was caught tainting its food:
Blue got caught putting lead in their food and killing thousands of dogs. Do your research please before buying a product. — Logan (@LoLoR_2412) January 4, 2018
However, we found only one legitimate recall involving Blue Buffalo brand, which had nothing to do with lead content and affected just one particular variety. It's possible that the date of the issued recall (17 March 2017) led to the story resurfacing after a year, creating some confusion:
Blue Buffalo Company is voluntarily recalling one production lot of BLUE Wilderness® Rocky Mountain RecipeTM Red Meat Dinner Wet Food for Adult Dogs, as the product has the potential to contain elevated levels of naturally-occurring beef thyroid hormones. Dogs ingesting high levels of beef thyroid hormones may exhibit symptoms such as increased thirst and urination, weight loss, increased heart rate and restlessness. These symptoms may resolve when the use of the impacted food is discontinued. However, with prolonged consumption these symptoms may increase in severity and may include vomiting, diarrhea, and rapid or difficulty breathing. Should these symptoms occur, contact your veterinarian immediately. Although the Blue Buffalo Customer Care Resource Team has not received any reports of dogs exhibiting these symptoms from consuming this product, the FDA advised Blue Buffalo of a single consumer who reported symptoms in one dog, who has now fully recovered. Blue Buffalo immediately began an investigation, however, and after working with the FDA, Blue Buffalo decided it would be prudent to recall the one production lot in question.
The claims upon which the lead rumors were based came from a lawsuit [PDF] filed by one individual in California, who claimed to have “independently tested” varieties of Blue Buffalo dog food after the death of a pet:
Plaintiff's independent lab testing of the Contaminated Dog Foods found that Blue Wilderness Chicken Recipe for Small Breed Adult Dogs contains 200 ppb of lead; Blue Freedom Grain-Free Chicken Recipe for Small Breed Adult Dogs contains 140 ppb of lead; and Blue Basics Grain-Free Turkey & Potato Recipe for Adult Dogs contains a staggering 840 ppb of lead.
Aside from the single claimant's lawsuit against Blue Buffalo and the unrelated recall on one variety in March 2017, we found no credible information suggesting that Blue Buffalo dog food was tested and found to have abnormally high levels of lead. We contacted Blue Buffalo to ask about the claim, but have not yet received a response.
MP Shailesh Vara has continued his attack on Peterborough City Council's plans to allocate 2,500 homes for the countryside by speaking out in a new campaign video.
The North West Cambridgeshire MP warned that green space north of Castor and Ailsworth would be lost forever if development was allowed to take place.
The land, which is owned by the Government agency the HCA (Homes and Communities Agency), could eventually hold 5,000 homes.
On a visit to the site Mr Vara, a vocal critic of the proposed development, told the Protect Rural Peterborough (PRP) campaign group: “The reality is we're talking of up to 5,000 homes or possibly more. And that sort of figure is simply just unacceptable.
“This is beautiful countryside and it has been like this for centuries and we'd like to keep it that way.”
Mr Vara asked the HCA and council “do you really want to destroy this?”, adding: “Once it's gone, then it's gone forever.”
Protect Rural Peterborough campaigners: Elizabeth Chillcott, Brian Gibson, Angela Scott, Jo Morris and Tracey Blackmore. EMN-170731-172609009
Volunteers at PRP have spent countless hours pouring over documents and researching planning policy, while also voicing its opposition through social media, as it continues to fight the proposed ‘township' which it claims will threaten important historical sites and wildlife such as the Castor Hanglands nature reserve.
The allocation of 2,500 homes, as well as a new country park, employment land and a cemetery, on the site were in a draft Local Plan for Peterborough.
The plan addresses housing need in the city up until 2036, and a final draft will be revealed next month which will also include a proposed campus site for the new University of Peterborough.
Council leader, and member for Castor, Cllr John Holdich, has previously labelled the plans “environmental vandalism.”
Shailesh Vara
RELATED
MP calls on cabinet minister to intervene over 2,500 Peterborough homes plan
Council leader dubs home plan ‘vandalism'
Campaign forms against new ‘township' proposed by Peterborough City Council
PanARMENIAN.Net - Lady Gaga made her debut appearance at Coachella on April 15 as she headlined the second day of the desert festival, NME reveals.
Gaga was drafted in as a replacement earlier this year when original headliner Beyoncé was advised by doctors not to perform due to her pregnancy.
During her set, Gaga ran through hits from across her back catalogue, including ‘Just Dance', ‘Telephone', ‘Born This Way' and set-closer ‘Bad Romance'.
During ‘The Edge Of Glory', she paused for a moment to declare to the crowd: “Playing to 100,000 people – not too shabby!”
Midway through the set, Gaga also shared something new with her fans, playing a new song she had “been working in the studio on” called ‘The Cure'. The track sees her reverting back to synth-pop rather than the country tinges of the latest album ‘Joanne‘.
Later, as she was leaving the stage, she told the audience: “My new single ‘The Cure' will be on iTunes tonight.”
Every year more than 3 million reports of child abuse come out in the United States. It is terrible epidemic that we are concerned to eradicate. To do this we need to first increase awareness of the issue itself. What is child abuse? Child abuse is when a parent or caregiver either through action or omission causes injury, harm, death, emotional risk or serious harm to a child. There are many forms of child maltreatment, including physical abuse, sexual abuse, exploitation, emotional abuse and neglect.
Physical abuse of child occurs when a parent or caregiver causes any no-accidental physical injury to a child. There are signs of such abuse. If you see one of the following signs, please do not hesitate to get help which is available through child protection agencies and Red Cross. Sexual abuse occurs when an adult uses a child for sexual purposes, or involves a child in sexual acts. It also includes when a child is older or more powerful use another child for sexual gratification or excitement. It is quite pervasive.
When you think of child abuse, you first think of a child with bruises, cuts, bites or broken limbs. But signs are not always clear; the child may be neglected meaning the caregiver does not provide basic needs like food, shelter and safety. What makes abuse harder to stop is that most of the time, abuser is someone that child knows. The child may be reluctant to say something, because he wants to protect that person.
Any harm is abuse that includes hitting, biting, burning, shaking or throwing a child. Neglect is very serious because it denies protection, basic needs, medical attention and educational facilities. Child abuse and neglect are preventable even before it occurs. We can seek help of the child protection agencies. We must not hesitate for a moment to get help.
J BASHIR
Lahore
Related
PLEASE LOG IN FOR PREMIUM CONTENT. Our website requires visitors to log in to view the best local news from The Eunice News. Not yet a subscriber? Subscribe today!
Follow Jeff Add to circle
2018 Dodge Challenger SRT Demon First Drive Enlarge Photo
You know you want one. How could you not, really? I mean, there's never been a production vehicle capable of making 840 horsepower with a price under $100,000. If you truly want one, you're going to have to navigate ridiculous dealer shenanigans, budget for a near continual flow of tires, and assume ownership of your local gas station. Even if you don't have the cash for one, you can dream, can't you? Now you can start building the Demon just the way you like because the Demon configurator is alive.
To use it, simply click on the link above and then click on the 2018 Challenger and you will be immediately taken to the Demon page. The base price, including a $1,700 gas-guzzler tax and $1,095 destination charge is $86,090. Then you can dress up the exterior with any of 16 colors, a Satin Black Graphics package for $3,495, or a painted black satin hood for $1,995.
The Dodge Demon configurator is now live Enlarge Photo
Inside you can add leather and Alcantara performance front seats for $1,595, the rear seat for $1, a trunk carpet for $1, red seat belts for $195, and a sunroof for a whopping $4,995 (why would anyone do that?). A Comfort Audio package adds heated and ventilated leather and Alcantara performance front seats, a heated steering wheel, bright pedals, a power tilt/telescoping steering column, and an 18-speaker Harman-Kardon audio system for $2,495.A car cover and battery tender cost $475.
Configure it right and you can stay on the better side of $90,000.
What do you get for all of that dough? A large, loud coupe that can rocket from 0 to 60 mph in a mind-boggling 2.3 seconds. The Demon launches so viciously that the front wheels will lift off the ground when you're doing it right.
This is the type of car that can go very fast in a straight line. Should you find yourself sitting at the tree and staring down 1,320 feet of tarmac, you should know that the trip can take as little as 9.65 seconds and you will be going 140 mph when you get to the finish line.
So ignore your work on this Monday morning and head over to the Demon configurator. There are colors to pick, options to assess, and dreams to be forged.
UK banking giant Lloyds has hired former Microsoft design guru Dan Makoski and plonked him in the newly created role of Chief Design Officer.
The bank is keen on "designing great experiences for our customers," according to Lloyds' Zak Mian, group transformation director. Presumably this will involve a bit more than changing the font on the "Sorry we closed your branch" sign, which is becoming an increasingly familiar sight for customers. Perhaps a cheery Comic Sans?
Makoski served at Microsoft from 2003 and was part of the team that designed the original Surface tablet (later PixelSense). The device made for a great tech demo, although did little to trouble the market. He wisely left before the Surface name was slapped on Redmond's disastrous Windows RT-based tablet.
As well as having a design position at Motorola, he was also involved in Google's ill-fated Project Ara, a modular smartphone. Google axed the project in 2016.
Makoski's first day at Lloyds will be next week, although it is not clear what he will actually be working on, other than "human centric design".
Lloyds has been on a six-year "transformation" programme, which the bank claims has seen a significant increase in shareholder returns. The transformation has been so successful that the bank's online portals had to take multiple lie-downs last year to get over the excitement of it all.
Some 500 staff were also turned into IBM employees in September as Lloyds outsourced its IT – such are the magical properties of "transformation".
Lloyds has continued to throw money at its transformation, announcing that £3bn would be spent on, er, cutting more jobs and closing more branches amid the relentless drive to outsource IT and increase profits.
Makoski, a Silicon Valley veteran, professed delight in joining the 300-year-old UK banking institution, promising to use "design to empower true prosperity for people, households and businesses of all sizes and backgrounds".
Prosperity for all bar those who no longer have a role in the newly "digitised" bank, presumably. Those employees will, however, be overjoyed to learn that while there may be no place for them in Lloyds' brave new world, there remains scope to carve out a position for a "Chief Design Officer". ®
Sponsored: Minds Mastering Machines - Call for papers now open
RIO GRANDE — Rio Grande Elementary students recently celebrated Dr. Seuss' birthday this year by participating in Read Across America Week.
Seuss' birthday of March 2, which fell on a Friday this year, is National Read Across America Day which RGE teachers expanded into a whole week-long event.
“It's a literary enforcer, we made it a week long so we can do units with it and make it a little more fun for them,” said Second Grade Teacher Sarah Nunn.
Students were presented with different and unique ways to experience reading that varies from the traditional classroom setting and incorporates other subjects as well. The second grade students experienced a book tasting, where teachers decorated the classroom like a restaurant with different Dr. Seuss books as the main course.
“It gave them options, they had more than one book to choose, and my kids had to do at least three,” said Nunn. “My kids who don't just sit and read normally really enjoyed it. I think it was because of the theme of book tasting with the table cloths and decorations.”
Christy Randles' second grade class got to experience a dose of science with their reading with a theme of “Cloudy with a chance of meatballs.”
“We incorporated some science with it. Our theme was ‘Cloudy with a chance of meatballs,' so it was a story they are kind of familiar with though a lot of them just knew there was a movie and not a book. So it was a story they kind of knew about and we were able to build from that,” said Randles. “We did some weather forecasts, we worked on some weather vocabulary and comprehension, we made weather bubbles and asked them what kind of weather they would like to have if it was raining food.”
Educators at the Rio Grande Elementary work to implement as many resources in their classrooms as possible, and this was one opportunity to do just that.
“We were really trying to set the stage to engage. When you bring outside stuff into the classroom, they ask what's going on, it peaks their interest when we do things like that because they are curious about what in the world this teacher is going to do now,” said Randles.
Principal Julie Bays reads to students with Cat in the Hat themed hats for Read Across America Day, celebrating Dr. Seuss' birthday and promoting literacy in schools. http://www.mydailytribune.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/42/2018/03/web1_RGE-read.jpg Principal Julie Bays reads to students with Cat in the Hat themed hats for Read Across America Day, celebrating Dr. Seuss' birthday and promoting literacy in schools. Courtesy
By Morgan McKinniss mmckinniss@aimmediamidwest.com
Reach Morgan McKinniss at 740-446-2342 ext 2108.
Reach Morgan McKinniss at 740-446-2342 ext 2108.
Our friends at Thrifter are back again, this time with a deal on an awesome screwdriver set!
Jackyled's 45 in 1 Precision Screwdriver Set is currently available at Amazon for just $6.92 when you enter promo code ZDAU28AE at checkout to save $4 off this item's regular price.
Featuring a tweezer, handle, extension bar and 42 screwdriver bits, this set is a great option for repairing smaller objects like phones, laptops, watches or eyeglasses. It comes with a non-slip cover for the handle to assist your grip while you work, and the bits are magnetic which helps keep them securely attached to the handle.
This tool set has a 4.5 out of 5-star ranking on Amazon and is a #1 Best Seller on the site.
Need some repair tips? Check out iFixit which provides tons of repair tutorials for common tech.
See at Amazon
More from Thrifter
For more great deals be sure to check out our friends at Thrifter now!
SEDGWICK COUNTY — Fire crews in Wichita are being credited with saving a stuck puppy.
According to a social media report, a caller to Firehouse 22 in Wichita asked for assistance in a pet related matter.
Both Engine 22 & Squad 2 responded with their Battalion Chief. On scene fire crews found a small puppy had its head stuck through a wheel and the residents could not get it removed.
Firehouse 22 saved a puppy whose head was stuck in a wheel. The puppy was safely removed & returned to the homeowner. #PuppyRescue pic.twitter.com/1XYafctoY4 — WichitaFireDept (@WichitaFireDept) August 14, 2017
WFD members went to work to assess the situation. Members worked together to see if they could manipulate the wheel off the puppy's head.
E22 members prepared a water & soap mixture to help with the process. The puppy was safely removed and returned to the homeowner.
London
London police said at least 12 people died in a massive fire that raced through a high-rise apartment building in west London early Wednesday. Flames shot from windows all the way up the side of the 24-story Grenfell Tower in North Kensington as firefighters battled the blaze, and a plume of smoke could be seen for several miles. At least 74 people were injured in the blaze. The cause of the fire was not immediately known. Residents said it appeared to start in an apartment on a lower floor and spread upward quickly. People at the scene spoke of being unable to reach friends and family who had been inside. Others said they could see people inside using flashlights and mobile phones to try to signal for help from higher floors. “The fire engine couldn't get to the building. It's always been like that… It's crazy,” said Chris, who did not give his last name. Horrific scenes were reported at the site. Sky News reported that one resident dropped a baby from the ninth or 10th floor of the burning building, which was caught by a member of the public. “I live near. You could see everything. This shouldn't happen. People throwing babies out the window, what's that all about? I was in tears this morning. I'm a big man. I was in tears. And this shouldn't happen,” said Chris.
Fire Commissioner Dany Cotton called it an “unprecedented incident” unlike anything she had seen in her 29-year career as a firefighter. She said there were “a number” of fatalities. The blaze started around 1 a.m. London time, and smoke was still pouring from the building hours later. Nassima Boutrig, who lives opposite the building, said she was awakened by sirens and smoke so thick that it filled her home as well. “We saw the people screaming,” she said. “A lot of people said ‘Help, help, help.' The fire brigade could only help downstairs. It was fire up, up, up. They couldn't stop the fire.” Ambulances and fire trucks filled the streets around the building, which is located in a diverse, working class area of London. People who live nearby were evacuated, some carrying pets in their arms as they left. Volunteers handed out bottled water. Helicopters hovered overhead and smoke hung over the scene. Exhausted firefighters sprawled on the pavement just inside the police cordon, drinking water from plastic bottles. The London Fire Brigade said 45 fire engines and 200 firefighters were called to the scene. Assistant Fire Commissioner Dan Daly said it was a large and very serious incident. “Firefighters wearing breathing apparatus are working extremely hard in very difficult conditions to tackle this fire,” he said in a post on the brigade's Facebook page. George Clarke told Radio 5 Live that he was covered in ash even though he was 100 meters (yards) from the scene.He said he saw people waving flashlights from the top levels of the building and saw rescuers “doing an incredible job” trying to get people out.—AFP
KARACHI, Aug 14 (APP): Sindh Governor Muhammad Zubair along with
Chief Minister Syed Murad Ali Shah and members of the provincial
cabinet Monday visited the mausoleum of Quaid-e-Azam Mohammad Ali
Jinnah to pay homage to the Founder of Pakistan on the 70th
Independence Anniversary of the country.
The Governor and the Chief Minister laid floral wreaths and
offered Fateha.
Muhammad Zubair, recording his impressions in the Visitors Book,
wrote that the entire nation is paying rich tributes to the great
Quaid on the occasion of the country's 70th Independence Day
anniversary.
He stated that “on this very day we should reaffirm the pledge
to work hard in order to make the country strong and prosperous”.
Replying to mediapersons's questions, Muhammad Zubair said that
Karachi development package is aimed at rehabilitating and improving
the infrastructure in the metropolis, especially in its industrial
areas, besides the provision of basic facilities to the people.
At the Mazar-i-Quaid, schoolchildren presented national
songs. The Governor appreciated the performance of the children.
ISLAMABAD, Jun 14 (APP): President Mamnoon Hussain has
congratulated the Pakistan cricket team on their tremendous
victory in the semi-final of the Champions Trophy 2017 against
England on Wednesday.
He said that the national team demonstrated outstanding
performance in all fields of the game.
The President expressed the hope that the national team
will also meet the aspirations of the nation through their
excellent performance in the final.
ISLAMABAD, July 4 (APP):Ambassador of Pakistan to the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia Khan Hasham Bin Saddique and Secretary General of the Gulf Cooperation Council (GCC) Abdul Latif Bin Rashid Al-Zayani have agreed to enhance the trade ties commensurate with their long-established strategic ties in the region.
Both sides also agreed to undertake mutual efforts in the coming months to enhance Pakistan-GCC ties in all spheres, a press release from the Consulate General of Pakistan Jeddah Wednesday said.
Pak ambassador called on GCC secretary general at the GCC Secretariat in Riyadh.
The GCC secretary general acknowledged the importance of Pakistan-GCC relations and expressed his desire to further enhance GCC-Pakistan trade relations.
He also expressed the readiness of the GCC to resume the dialogue with Pakistan for conclusion of the Pak-GCC Free Trade Agreement.
Ambassador Khan Hasham Bin Saddique briefed the secretary general of the trade and economic potential of Pakistan, in particular the geographical proximity, its growing role and importance in regional connectivity, as well as the presence of Pakistan's largest expatriate population in the GCC countries.
He also highlighted the significance of China-Pakistan Economic Corridor (CPEC), which had further added to the attractiveness of Pakistan's trade and investment potential.
The GCC secretary general also expressed his desire to visit Pakistan soon.
Technology companies led U.S. stocks modestly higher Monday, driving the market to another set of milestones.
The Standard & Poor's 500 index and Dow Jones industrial average finished at new highs. Both indexes also hit record highs on Friday.
Solid gains by health care companies also helped lift the market, outweighing losses among banks and industrial stocks. Energy stocks rose along with the price of crude oil.
Investors had their eye on bitcoin futures, which made their market debut. But traders were mostly looking ahead to the outcome of Wednesday's meeting of Federal Reserve policymakers.
“The market is kind of in a holding pattern, just sort of waiting for the Fed meeting,” said Randy Frederick, vice president of trading & derivatives at Charles Schwab.
The S&P 500 index rose 8.49 points, or 0.3 percent, to 2,659.99. The index has risen on a weekly basis the past three weeks. The Dow gained 56.87 points, or 0.2 percent, to 24,386.03. The Nasdaq composite added 35 points, or 0.5 percent, to 6,875.08. The Russell 2000 index of smaller-company stocks slipped 1.88 points, or 0.1 percent, to 1,519.84.
The Fed is scheduled to issue an interest rate policy update on Wednesday. Economists expect the central bank to lift short-term rates by 0.25 percent. That would be the third interest rate hike by the central bank this year.
While inflation has remained low, the central bank has seen a path to gradually raise rates as the economy and labor market have strengthened.
The Labor Department said Monday that U.S. employers posted slightly fewer job openings in October than the previous month, but the number of people being hired increased. Last week, another report showed that employers added a net total of 244,000 jobs in October and 228,000 in November. The trend helped keep the unemployment rate at 4.1 percent.
“The Fed sees enough strength in the overall economy, despite the lack of inflation, to still go ahead and continue to hike rates,” Frederick said.
Technology companies accounted for much of the market's gains Monday.
Symantec rose $1.24, or 4.4 percent, to $29.22. Apple gained up 1.9 percent after the website Apple Insider said the company is delivering new iPhones to customers at a faster pace. Apple also made news after it agreed to acquire the Shazam music-identification service for an undisclosed amount. The stock added $3.30 to $172.67.
Allergan led the gainers in the health care sector. The company climbed $4.96, or 3 percent, to $172.76.
Drugmaker Bluebird Bio surged 17.9 percent after it reported results from an early study of a cancer treatment that the company is developing with Celgene. Bluebird gained $30.65 to $201.80. Celgene added $1.91, or 1.8 percent, to $108.
Bitcoin futures rose on their first day of trading on a major U.S. exchange. Trading on the contract for the virtual currency began Sunday. The first-ever futures contract closed at $18,545, according to data from Cboe Global Markets, ending its initial day of trading with a 20 percent gain from its opening price.
The futures allow traders to make bets on the future direction of bitcoin. The price of an actual bitcoin has soared since it began the year below $1,000 and was at $17,095 at 5:07 p.m. Eastern Time Friday, according to Coindesk.
Overstock.com, which accepts bitcoin, surged $9.92, or 22 percent, to $55.
Oil and gas prices rose, boosting energy sector stocks. Chesapeake Energy added 15 cents, or 4.1 percent, to $3.83.
Benchmark U.S. crude gained 63 cents, or 1.1 percent, to settle at $57.99 per barrel on the New York Mercantile Exchange. Brent crude, the international standard, added $1.29, or 2 percent, to close at $64.69 per barrel in London.
Shares in banks and other financial companies declined. Zions Bancorporation shed 99 cents, or 1.9 percent, to $49.94.
Several industrial companies also posted losses, including Verisk Analytics. The stock slid $1.84, or 1.9 percent, to $94.32.
In other energy futures trading, wholesale gasoline picked up 1 cent to $1.73 per gallon, while heating oil gained 2 cents to $1.95 per gallon. Natural gas rose 6 cents, or 2 percent, to $2.83 per 1,000 cubic feet.
Gold slipped $1.50 to settle at $1,246.90 per ounce, while silver fell 4 cents to $15.79 per ounce. Copper added 3 cents to $3.01 per pound.
Bond prices were little changed. The yield on the 10-year Treasury note held at 2.38 percent.
The dollar edged up to 113.52 yen from 113.51 yen late Friday. The euro rose to $1.1786 from $1.1768.
Major stock indexes in Europe finished mostly lower. Germany's DAX and the CAC 40 in France each fell 0.2 percent, while Britain's FTSE 100 added 0.8 percent.
Earlier in Asia, Japan's Nikkei 225 stock index climbed 0.6 percent, while Hong Kong's Hang Seng index gained 1.0 percent. The S&P ASX 200 in Australia edged 0.1 percent higher. South Korea's Kospi picked up 0.3 percent. India's Sensex rose 0.2 percent. Shares in Southeast Asia also rose.
S&P 500, Dow hit new highs
It's time to welcome another startup to the clear teeth aligner market. Meet ArchForm, a Y Combinator-backed teeth aligner software startup that lets orthodontists create, design and 3D print aligners within their own offices. The idea is to provide orthodontists with a way to better compete against some direct-to-consumer teeth aligner startups and cut down on the cost of Invisalign.
The cost of braces and invisible aligners — those clear, mouthguard-like pieces of plastic — varies, but treatments can range from $4,685 to $6,500 for adolescents, and adult treatments can cost up to $7,135, according to a 2013 American Dental Association survey. Last year, the orthodontics market saw $11 billion in revenue, according to market research company IBISWorld.
ArchForm is trying to tap into the growing accessibility of the 3D printer market to enable orthodontists to 3D print their own clear aligners in-office. Orthodontists currently pay about $1,700 per patient to Invisalign, the company says. So in order to make money, orthodontists sometimes charge patients upwards of $7,000. ArchForm charges orthodontists just $50 per patient.
“I was inspired to start the company because I worked in my father's orthodontic office,” ArchForm founder Andrew Martz told TechCrunch in an email. “I saw that 3D printers had advanced for enough to make these devices in dental offices, and knew from experience that easy-to-use software to virtually move the teeth was missing piece to allow every orthodontist to 3D print their own aligners.”
In the last couple of years, a number of teeth aligner startups have emerged. The pack includes the likes of SmileDirectClub, Uniform Teeth, Candid and Orthly. None of the startups are exactly the same, but all aim to reduce the cost of clear aligners, as well as the number of visits to the orthodontist — with some even cutting out the in-person orthodontist visit altogether. ArchForm takes a different approach by enabling local orthodontists to simply enhance their existing businesses.
“We believe that orthodontists do a better job of treating most patients when they can physically be there to treat them,” Martz said. “To make clear aligners work, raised buttons/attachments are placed on teeth as a way for the aligner to grip the teeth and make them fully straight. Tele-dentistry companies don't have these – which are a very fundamental part of orthodontic treatment.”
In ArchForm's current customer base, 75 percent of orthodontists who sign up to use the software already have 3D printers.
“If they don't already have one, the rest are looking into buying a 3D printer, because they only cost $3350 and Invisalign costs $1750/patient,” Martz said.
For the orthodontists who would rather not invest in their own 3D printer, they can send the design to orthodontic laboratories that are equipped with 3D printers and powered by ArchForm's software.
ANALYSIS: The IoT brings with a lot of security risks with it. Ethical hacker Ken Munro asks whether having your toothbrush connected to the Internet is worth it
Remember the good old days when the worst that could happen was your identity being compromised via your computer?
The Internet of Things (IoT)is bringing unprecedented levels of user exposure and your data is being amassed across physical devices that taken together provides a multi-faceted version of you.
By combining virtual and real world activity it becomes possible to determine habits and quirks, patterns, and to predict and manipulate behaviour and that means the IoT will see an end to privacy as we know it and the beginning of ‘always on' access to us.
Devices are already collecting audio and visual data on us, from our TV to our toys, which can be used to carry out surveillance by manufacturers and unscrupulous types.
It's for this reason that consumer groups have been lobbying against IoT devices; a move which saw the Friend Cayla doll banned in Germany and similar opposition against children's connected toys in the US. So why isn't more being done to protect us and to prevent these devices from being compromised?
Too little trial, too much error
Manufacturers shoulder the responsibility but they're on a steep learning curve. Development now entails partnering with designers, app developers, mobile networks, as well as providing technical support.
They're no longer simply responsible for the product for the warranty period but issuing patches for its entire lifespan. They're in unfamiliar waters, have very little guidance or regulation, and priorities are inevitably reduced to price and time to market which leads to the same security errors cropping up.
The most common point of failure is the mobile app. Often, there's a failure to implement SSL or it's done badly, allowing data to be intercepted. Data stored in the app is often unsecured and some store passwords in the mobile app itself.
An attacker may then reverse engineer the app to gain access to the web service and if this too is poorly secured this can lead to the compromise of mass consumer data. Poor session management can allow logged-in users to see other accounts, while a lack of encryption together combined with an injection attack can see data extracted.
Another common issue is poor implementation of the wireless standard used to convey data. This not only results in data leakage but even the ability to track and locate users, paving the way for targeted drive-by attacks with online databases such as wigle.net and Shodan. Bluetooth devices are trackable but tend to be hacked due to the use of default PINs for pairing while Zigbee and Z-Wave, both sound standards in themselves, are sometimes implemented insecurely.
Hardware again tends to be dictated by price and functionality but it's here where choice can make the difference. External flash and RAM, as opposed to embedded memory, make it much easier to hack the firmware while poor PCB design can make it easier to tap data signals.
Leaving out an authentication mechanism may cut costs and be better for ease of use but without secure key storage the device is wide open to attack. Similarly, firmware needs to be encrypted and signed or the attacker can simply download and unpack it.
What is your biggest cybersecurity concern? Ransomware
Humans / Social Engineering
Out of date tools
DDoS
State sponsored hackers
Malware
Other View Results
Loading ... Loading ...
Buy now, fix later
There's also a tendency for manufacturers to leave in place unused functionality such as serial ports, JTAG, Telnet or hidden debug ports due to erroneous assumptions that such connectivity might be useful in future.
One obvious example of this is the DVR firmware used across countless IoT devices, including CCTV and routers, in which Telnet was enabled, providing a door for the Mirai malware to propagate over. This saw an army of IoT devices used to carry out mass DDoS attacks late last year culminating in attacks against Krebs Security, Dyn, and OVH.
DVR manufacturer XiongMai took the laudable step of trying to fix the problem by disabling Telnet. The only trouble was that the manufacturer failed to take into account other security issues. Consequently, it was possible to connect via another port, use the default password which mirrored that used by the web interface, and to re-enable the Telnet port. Voila. The device was vulnerable to Mirai again.
Continues on page 2…
London
The pound rose Monday after Britain and the EU reached a landmark deal on a two-year transition after Brexit that will buy businesses and citizens time to adjust to life after the divorce. World stocks jittered, meanwhile, ahead of a feared US interest rate hike later this week, as concerns of a possible trade war sparked by US President Donal Trump's announcement on tariffs also weighed. Rocking the US market were Facebook's shares plummeting 5.0 percent following reports of a large data breach. “Concerns over the potential for a Trump trade war still seem to be weighing on the minds of investors, with a lack of risk appetite still leading to caution in global stock markets,” FXTM research analyst Lukman Otunuga said. Trump's taxes on imports worldwide are to come into effect on March 23, with the exception so far of Canada and Mexico, which have won exemptions from the US. EU Trade Commissioner Cecilia Malmstroem is heading to Washington to seek a similar exemption after the bloc threatened to hit flagship US products including peanut butter, orange juice and bourbon whiskey with counter measures.—AFP
August 18, 2017 at 8pm to August 19, 2017 at 12:30am – Manny's On Second
WHAT - "Sizzler " Concert with performances by Bruse Wane and other artist and guest appearances. A night of Hip Hop, Partying & Networking. Advanc…
Organized by top Of The Game & Music Merchant | Type: hip, hop, concert
How much are you getting done at work? In this video, Entrepreneur Network partner Brian Tracy cites a study that the average employee spends about three hours at the office on non-work-related activities every day. You might not even realize how much time you or your employees are wasting on a daily basis, because that time can slip away in all sorts of little habits.
Tracy outlines seven time-stealing habits you and your employees are probably doing right now, from scrolling through social media to being loud and distracting others.
Click play to learn more, improve your habits and get more done.
Related: 7 Side Hustles You Can Start Doing Today
Entrepreneur Network is a premium video network providing entertainment, education and inspiration from successful entrepreneurs and thought leaders. We provide expertise and opportunities to accelerate brand growth and effectively monetize video and audio content distributed across all digital platforms for the business genre.
EN is partnered with hundreds of top YouTube channels in the business vertical. Watch video from our network partners on demand on Amazon Fire, Roku, Apple TV and the Entrepreneur App available on iOS and Android devices.
Click here to become a part of this growing video network.
NATIONAL
Korea's National Assembly donated 30 million won ($27,400) to Mexico to help reconstruct the areas struck by two earthquakes in September.
National Assembly President Chung Sye-kyun announced the donation in a letter to Mexican Ambassador to Korea Bruno Figueroa at the parliament in Seoul on Thursday. The letter conveyed the “solidarity and affection of Korean people to Mexicans,” as well as his wish for a prompt recovery of the affected areas, according to the embassy.
Figueroa expressed his gratitude on behalf of the Mexican people and government, noting this “invaluable gesture of solidarity from Korea is proof of the solid fraternity and cooperation between our two countries.”
Kim Yun-hoe, vice president of the Korean Red Cross, said the money -- adding to the total contribution of over $1 million by the government, companies, educational institutions and Mexican community here -- will be channeled through the Mexican Red Cross.
Mexico suffered two major earthquakes on Sept. 7, which killed 102 people and displaced thousands in the southwest, and on Sept. 19, which killed 360 and caused great property damages in the country's center.
By Joel Lee (joel@heraldcorp.com)
There have been dozens of boxers who ventured into the world of mixed martial arts. Some put together decent careers, but could not conquer important titles. Others had only sporadic appearances. The most sound case of transitioning to MMA was that of James Toney, who lost to Randy Couture when he invaded the octagon.
Here is a look at some of the most notable boxers to enter the octagon.
James Toney
Boxing: 77-10-3, 47 KOs
MMA: 0-1
'Lights Out' Toney was an excellent boxer. He conquered titles at middleweight, super middleweight and cruiserweight, and he became the heavyweight champion of a lesser known organization. He went on to the Octagon to face Randy Couture at UFC 118 in August 2010, where he lost by submission in the first round. After that, he returned to boxing and even fought last May at almost 50 years old.
Holly Holm
Boxing: 33-2-3, 9 KOs
MMA: 11-3, 8 KOs
Holly Holm is one of the success stories of such a move. She initially started in boxing and kickboxing, winning the welterweight belt of the World Boxing Association and World Boxing Council with a solid record. Once getting into MMA, she became the UFC's bantamweight champion when she knocked out Ronda Rousey. Still, she has lost three of her last four fights.
Ray Mercer
Boxing: 36-7-1, 26 KOs
MMA: 1-0, 1 KO
Mercer was the World Boxing Organization heavyweight champion in 1991, when he knocked out Tommy Morrison. In 2002, he had a title opportunity against Wladimir Klitschko, but fell short when he was stopped in the sixth round. Already retired from boxing and over 40 years old, he tried his luck in mixed martial arts in 2009. He faced Tim Sylvia, whom he knocked out in the first round. His victory was a one-and-done.
Heather Hardy
Boxing: 20-0. 4 KOs
MMA: 1-0, 1 KO
This charismatic New York fighter is one of the few to be undefeated both in boxing and mixed martial arts. She is close to challenging for a world championship in a brilliant boxing career, and just last June, she tried her luck in MMA and managed to knock out Alice Yauger in a bloody battle.
Eric 'Butterbean' Esch
Boxing: 77-10-4, 58 KOs
MMA: 15-10, 7 KOs
Better known as 'Butterbean' or the four round champion, Esch's claim-to-fame came when he faced Larry Holmes in the legendary fighter's last bout and lost by unanimous decision. Once weighing over 300 pounds, he had a remarkable record in boxing against four round fighters. At the dawn of the new millennium, he ventured into MMA and had some wins, but was nothing to boast about.
Art Jimmerson
Boxing: 33-18, 17 KOs
MMA: 0-1
Jimmerson was probably the first boxer to move to mixed martial arts. As a boxer, he had a 33-18 record, but he never claimed a big title as a light heavyweight or cruiserweight. When he made the jump to MMA in 1993, he was immediately defeated in the first round of UFC 1 by Royce Gracie via submission.
Mia St. John
Boxing: 49-14-2, 19 KOs
MMA: 1-0, 1 KO
The Mexican-American boxer had a career of nearly 20 years in professional boxing, during which she became the World Boxing Council´s world super welterweight champion. In 2008, she fought in the Octagon and had a first round victory over Rhonda Gallegos. However, she did not go back to the MMA ring ever again.
Ricardo Mayorga
Boxing: 32-9-1, 26 KOs
MMA: 0-3
This Nicaraguan fighter, nicknamed 'Matador' or 'Loco', was welterweight and super welterweight world champion. In 2015, he lost to Sugar Shane Mosley, but he also defeated Vernon Forrest twice as a boxer. His venture into the MMA world came in 2013, with all four of his fights coming that year. He thought he had won his debut fight, but the commission decided that it had been by illegal blow and changed it to a no decision. He then lost his next three fights before calling it quits.
Ana Julaton
Boxing: 14-4-3, 2 KOs
MMA: 2-2
A Californian fighter of Philippine descent, Ana Julaton had a successful ride in boxing, twice conquering the super bantamweight title. Due to lack of opportunities, she tried her luck in mixed martial arts and had a 2-2 record. She knocked out Aya Saber and beat Walaa Mohamed by points. Her losses were against Ann Osman and Irina Mazepa.
Marcus Davis
Boxing: 17-1-2, 12 KOs
MMA: 22-11, 6 KOs
Combat sports came to Marcus's life through boxing in 1993. He had a decent 17-1-2 record, although he never won a major title. Once he moved into MMA, where he fought from 2003 until 2014, he sported a 22-11 record with one no decision. He never had a shot at a major title.
Chris Lytle
Boxing: 13-1-1, 7 KOs
MMA: 31-18, 3 KOs
As a boxer, Lytle fought between 2002 and 2005 without major fights, but in 12 years as a MMA fighter, he had a decent record and even split wins with former UFC welterweight champion Matt Serra.
Texas head coach Tom Herman joins SportsCenter to share how he's going to return the Longhorns to prominence, starting with a winning breakfast as motivation. (2:11)
Within a matter of days, Texas coach Tom Herman will name a starting quarterback.
He wants one in place two weeks before the Longhorns' season opener against Maryland, and the smart money seems to be on sophomore Shane Buechele over true freshman Sam Ehlinger.
Regardless, the Longhorns faithful hope he can get the kind of production and success out of his next quarterback that he enjoyed from of his previous ones. Based on recent history, the chances of that are good.
Herman's quarterback coaching résumé is extensive and impressive. Since 2005, his first season as an offensive coordinator and quarterbacks coach, his starting quarterbacks are a combined 107-49.
In the past 10 seasons, the average Herman starting quarterback has been responsible for more touchdowns per game (2.2 to 1.8) and more passing yards per game (231.3 to 221.9), a better completion percentage (62 percent to 60 percent) and touchdown-to-interception ratio (2.7 to 1.8) and more rushing yards per game (61.7 to 19.8) than the average FBS starter, according to ESPN Stats and Information research. During any FBS coaching stop he has made in the past 10 years, his starting quarterbacks have improved their Total QBR during his first season with them.
The bottom line is, Herman knows good quarterbacks.
Texas coach Tom Herman has a better feel for his team after 15 spring practices. John Gutierrez/USA TODAY Sports
But what does it take to be Herman's quarterback? We asked four of his former signal-callers -- Ohio State quarterback J.T. Barrett, former Ohio State quarterback Braxton Miller, ex-Houston quarterback Greg Ward Jr. and former Rice quarterback Chase Clement -- about their experiences playing for Texas' new head coach. Here's what they said:
Get your body right
After taking his first head-coaching job at Houston, the first thing Herman stressed to Ward was adding bulk. Ward, who is 5-foot-11 and was generously listed on Houston's 2014 roster at 178 pounds, was actually down to 164 pounds in the Cougars' bowl win over Pittsburgh two weeks after Herman was hired.
If he was going to run Herman's preferred offense -- the shotgun spread-option attack that Urban Meyer used -- Ward, with his elite running ability, had to pile on the pounds.
How often did Herman and then-quarterbacks coach/offensive coordinator Major Applewhite (who now is Houston's head coach) bother Ward about his weight?
"Every single day," he said.
They even ordered Ward to take pictures of all of his meals and text the photos to them.
Ward was a special case because of his smaller frame. Not everyone had the weight battle, but that didn't stop Herman from dwelling on proper body care.
Miller, who was Herman's quarterback for two seasons at Ohio State, said Herman incessantly bugged him about the cold tub.
"He always harped on me about getting in the cold tub after practice, before games; I used to hate it," Miller said with a laugh. "I used to hide from him. He would always come in the locker room and ask where I'm at, and I'd be hiding because I didn't want to go in the cold tub."
Be tough
Like many coaches, Herman loves the term "tough."
He speaks frequently about how tough his team needs to be or his desire to have the toughest training camp in the country. For some coaches, it's cliché; for Herman, it's the core of his team's identity.
That doesn't exclude the quarterback.
"When you play quarterback for Coach Herman, you've got to be tough as nails," said Barrett, who started for Herman in 2014. "You get a lot of respect [from] him when you are tough, just because playing quarterback is not an easy job. Sometimes people receive [quarterbacks] as guys who get all the attention and soft guys, wussy dudes, I don't even know. But people don't understand it's tough, not just mentally but also physically."
Barrett cited Miller, Ward and Cardale Jones, who started the three biggest games of Ohio State's 2014 national championship season, as players who met the requirement.
Speak up
When asked after Texas' first training camp practice two weeks ago what Buechele showed him on the first day that signified progress over the summer, Herman's retort was: "That he has a voice." After the team's first scrimmage, Herman expressed excitement at hearing Buechele scream.
In spring, Herman emphasized to Buechele how important it was to be vocal with his teammates, and that's a common thread with his past quarterbacks, as well.
"He wanted me to be more of a vocal leader," Ward said. "He stressed that every single day. Even when I was being vocal, he wanted me to be louder."
With the assistance of then-offensive coordinator Herman, Cardale Jones, with trophy, helped Ohio State win the Big Ten title -- and eventually, a national championship. Andy Lyons/Getty Images
Miller said Herman prodded him similarly.
"He brought that up out of me," Miller said. "He taught me how to be a leader."
Prove you can handle chaos
There were times Ward thought Herman might be a little crazy. Those were usually the times Herman was right next to Ward during a live practice, hollering at him pre-snap.
"We would have situations in practice when he'll be right there where I'm lined up, right there in my ear, yelling at me while I'm trying to direct the receivers or deal with cadence or anything else," Ward said.
How loudly?
"I mean, he would be screaming at the top of his lungs. He'd be hoarse from doing it."
That was one method Herman used to create chaos and attempt to simulate the distractions his quarterback would have to block out on game day.
"He wasn't doing it to be a pain in the ass or anything; he was doing it to register in your head so that when it was time to react during game time, it'll be natural," Ward said.
Like many other coaches, Herman tried to make practices difficult on his quarterback during live sessions. That meant trying to puzzle them as much as possible.
"He would talk to the defensive coordinator and have them bring different types of blitzes and coverages that we didn't go over in the meeting room that he knew I needed to work on," Miller said. "That was kind of confusing on my end, so it created chaos for me."
Learn to take a joke
As serious as Herman is about success, it's not all work, no play. Several of his former quarterbacks noted Herman tried to keep things lighthearted in the quarterback meeting room before film sessions.
"We always had fun," said Clement, who played for Herman at Rice in 2007 and 2008. "I remember we came into the office, the quarterback room, we'd throw up YouTube videos and just had a good time. We always started off with a laugh."
Miller said the first few minutes of every position meeting started with a discussion about life.
"First, we don't talk about football when you come in the meeting room," he said. "You open up with a joke, how was our day, how was school, what did we do the night before. We talked about the day or the night before for five or 10 minutes before we talk about football."
And because of that environment, Miller thinks it contributed to Ohio State's success in 2014, which resulted in a national championship, despite injuries to the top two quarterbacks on the depth chart.
"It's not so uptight," Miller said. "You can be yourself around him, and he's always talking about things outside of football too, to make you more comfortable. He cares about you and he shows it."
Compete, compete, compete
The must-have attribute Herman seeks is something coaches everywhere preach.
"We certainly look at athletic ability, football IQ, arm strength, and all the intangibles everyone evaluates," Herman said, "but the No. 1 trait our quarterback has to have is competitiveness. To be successful in our program, it has to be really, really important that you'll scratch, claw and do everything it takes to win in everything you do. You have to be the ultimate competitor."
It's a big reason why Herman, during his time at Houston and now at Texas, has used a reward-and-consequence system, such as serving chicken and waffles to team members who won a practice competition and watery powdered eggs and burnt sausage to the losers. It plays into his desire for his athletes to feel like "the sky is falling" when they lose.
"I think that that's something, as a coach, you've got to harp on that and preach on that, because it's in the little things, right?" Clement said. "I think he realizes that in those details ... it's those little things that constantly tell you, 'I've got to win, I've got to win.'"
WASHINGTON, Aug 14 (APP): A large number of Pakistani Americans
visited the Pakistan Embassy in Washington to celebrate 70 years of freedom with a pledge to contribute towards development and progress of their motherland.
The embassy opened its gates for an “Open House” to mark the day as
part of festivities that will continue during the coming months. Pakistani Americans from Washington and the neighboring states of Virginia and Maryland came in large number to together celebrate the Independence Day.
Speaking on the occasion, Ambassador Aizaz Chaudhry paid rich tribute to
Muhammad Ali Jinnah, Founder of Pakistan as due to his relentless efforts, Muslims of the Subcontinent were able to secure a separate homeland for themselves.
The ambassador also admired the great Muslim philosopher and poet Allama
Muhammad Iqbal who first presented the idea for a separate homeland for the Muslims of the Subcontinent. Commenting on the tremendous sacrifices rendered by the Muslims of the Subcontinent, Ambassador Chaudhry stated that Pakistan was a home to 200 million people who were blessed with great potential and were firmly committed to the progress and well-being of their country.
He urged Pakistani Americans to contribute towards development and
progress of the entire nation. The Ambassador underscored that Pakistan despite making a modest start in the beginning after gaining independence, had made tremendous strides in all domains over last 70 years.
“Pakistan with a passage of time has attained a prominent position in
the comity of nations. At present, Pakistan is an atomic power having tremendous resources including a dynamic and intelligent youth,” he added.
Ambassador Chaudhry said in recent years, Pakistan had successfully
reversed the tide of terrorism whereas other countries in the world were still grappling with the scourge of terrorism. “Recently, Pakistan has witnessed a tremendous economic turnaround and all fundamental economic indicators are projecting upwards which is a great achievement,” he added.
While commenting on Pak-US relations, Ambassador Chaudhry said that
Pakistan and the US would be celebrating 70th anniversary of friendship this year. “Pakistan attaches great value to its relations with the United States spanning over seven decades and we are committed to further strengthen these bilateral relations.”
He urged the Pakistani Americans to act like a bridge between country of
their origin and the country of their residence. He further added that Pakistani Americans should actively participate in the mainstream politics and play a constructive role in the peace and prosperity of the US.
The Ambassador emphasized that the second generation Pakistani Americans
must stay connected with their motherland while actively participating in all facets of American polity including political and socio-economic sectors.
On the occasion, national songs were played by young Pakistani singers
which enthralled the distinguished guests particularly the younger generation. A Group of Pakistani performers presented regional and folk dances. A mesmerizing Tabla performance was given by Nabeel Riaz.
A Cultural Unity Show on the theme of “Rhythm of Unity” was also
arranged to pay tribute to the rich cultural heritage of Pakistan. The traditional Pakistani stalls were also setup which attracted many Pakistani American visitors. Young children in traditional dresses of various parts of the country were one of the major attractions of the event.
Towards the end, Ambassador Chaudhry remarked that we should celebrate
our successes on the 70th independence anniversary and learn from our mistakes in order to march forward as a great nation. Ambassador prayed that Pakistan may make progress by leaps and bounds.
Snapchat's got a new trick to stay one step ahead of Instagram by turning everyone's quick video clips from concerts into a much more watchable music video you control.
Snapchat “Crowd Surf” uses artificial intelligence machine learning technology to analyze when lots of people are all recording the same musical performance at the same time. It can then lace together the different angles while keeping the song playing smoothly so you can choose where to watch from and see more than 10 seconds of footage in a row. You can see a demo recorded by TechCrunch below:
Snap tested out Crowd Surf last night at pop singer Lorde's performance at San Francisco's Outside Lands music festival. When she played her hit “Green Light” and everyone thrusted their phones in the air, Snapchat combined the clips. You can watch the Crowd Surf in the Snapchat “Featured” section below your friends' recent Stories, and tap to see a new angle whenever the flipping phone Crowd Surf icon is lit up.
The result is remarkably fun to watch. You can hop from the center of the crowd to the front row to the side stage to get an immersive look at what it was like to see the concert in person. In fact, I did see the show in person, but Crowd Surf lets me watch how everyone else was enjoying the same moment.
Several now-defunct startups like Vyclone and CrowdSync have tried to build whole apps around the Crowd Surf idea, but most failed because they weren't getting enough content submissions. Bolting the feature onto an already wildly popular app should prove more successful for Snapchat. The company pioneered the crowdsourced Our Story three years ago at the EDC music fest, and now it's back pushing the bar higher.
Which begs the question…how long until Instagram Stories copies this? Both Snap and Instagram are in a heated war for users, with Snap inventing new features and Facebook's giant Instagram team quickly cloning them to the detriment of Snap's growth.
Each wants to encourage users to submit their posts for public display. Snap lets you syndicate your post to Our Stories before you share it, which then appear in curated Our Stories, search results, and the new Snap Map. Instagram Story Search pulls together posts tagged with locations and hashtags for dedicated Stories about different places and topics.
We've asked Snapchat for more details on how Crowd Surf works. The company says it's based on in-house AI technology and will roll out slowly to more events. Mashable spotted it this morning. Snapchat previously offered Story Explorer that let you check out similar Snaps to one you enjoyed during a Live Story by analyzing location and time, but not audio.
Crowd Surf is set to be available at more public events in the future including concerts and speeches, but will require tons of people shooting and submitting Snaps from the same moment. That could limit it to huge events like music festivals, though perhaps it could work for parades, sports events, or political rallies too. And the mere existence of the feature could attract more submissions.
If people think their Snaps could get chosen for Crowd Surfs and get extra viewers, they might be more likely to shoot and share on Snapchat when they're watching a concert.
UNITED NATIONS, July 4 (APP):Poorer countries with rising populations and scarce natural resources are likely to be “increasingly dependent” on imports to feed their people, according to an annual report jointly compiled by the United Nations food agency.
Although overall exports from countries and regions with plenty of agricultural land are forecast to increase, the OECD-FAO Agricultural Outlook 2018-2027 stressed that because agricultural trade plays an important role in food security, there needs to be an enabling trade policy environment.
According to the Agricultural Outlook, undernourishment is concentrated in conflict-riddled and politically-unstable countries “with the Middle East and North Africa (MENA) facing simultaneous challenges of food insecurity, rising malnutrition and managing limited natural resources.
The report forecasts strong growth in agriculture and fishing in developing regions whose populations are rising fast, including Sub-Saharan Africa, South and East Asia and MENA. These areas are facing the challenge of limited land and water resources as well as extreme-weather related issues of climate-change, resulting in high dependence on food imports.
By contrast, this growth is predicted to be significantly lower in developed countries, particularly across Western Europe.
“The Green Revolution of the last century largely increased the world's capacity to feed itself but now we need asustainability revolution,” Jose Graziano da Silva, Director General, Director General of the Food and Agriculture Organization (FAO), presenting the report with Angel GurrÃ­a, Secretary-General of the Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD).
“This includes tackling high-input and resource-intensive farming systems that impose a high cost to the environment,” he added, noting the continued degradation of soil, forests, water, air quality and biodiversity.
The Agricultural Outlook recommends that regional countries re-orient policies away from cereals that require intensive watering, toward rural development, poverty reduction and farming of higher-value horticulture products.
“We need to adopt sustainable and productive food systems that offer healthy and nutritious food, while also preserving the environment and biodiversity,” Da Silva stressed.
Elsewhere in MENA, population growth is prompting a rise in food demand where exceptionally high wheat consumption coupled with skyrocketing sugar and fat consumption are leading to what FAO calls “an alarming spread of overweight and obesity.”
Anticipating global improvements in agricultural commodities and food productivity, the report predicts a slide in demand, which will reduce the price of most food staples, over the coming decade.
The report attributes the slowdown to stagnating per-capita consumption of staple foods, a drop in emerging economy consumption, and a gradual decline in global population growth rates.
Moreover, a decline in the desire to buy meat products will put a brake on the demand for cereals and protein meal used in animal feed.
With slower consumption and production growth, agricultural and fish trade are projected to grow at about half the rate of the previous decade.
BUSINESS
(Yonhap)
Vietnam is expected to outstrip the United States as Korea's second-largest export destination in 2020 thanks to a bilateral free trade deal, a report said Tuesday."Bilateral trade is expected to exceed $100 billion in 2020, making Vietnam the No. 2 destination for Korean exports after China," said the report from the Korea International Trade Association.Vietnam surpassed Hong Kong and emerged as Korea's third-biggest export market in 2017, trailing China and the US, up three notches from 2014.Korean exports to the Southeast Asian economy have been on the rise over the past decade. Korean products accounted for 8.5 percent of Vietnam's import market in 2007, but the ratio hit an all-time high of 22.1 percent last year.The report attributed the spike in bilateral trade to the free trade agreement between the two countries, which came into effect in December 2015.Korean exports to Vietnam have shot up 60.5 percent over the two years since the FTA implementation with imports jumping more than 61 percent.Although Korea's overall exports contracted for two consecutive years in 2015 and 2016, its shipments to Vietnam rose 24.2 percent and 17.5 percent, respectively.Intermediate and capital goods took the lion's share of Korean exports to Vietnam, with consumer goods taking up a mere 4 percent of the total.Korea posted a trade surplus of $31.6 billion against Vietnam in 2017, raising the possibility that Hanoi may complain about the trade imbalance, the report said."To break from the current system of exports driven by intermediate and capital goods, Korea needs to increase the portion of consumer goods," said Chung Kwi-il, a KITA researcher. "Korea should also craft a framework for economic cooperation, which may give the impression that Korean firms' entry into Vietnam can contribute to the country's economic development."(Yonhap)
US-based private equity fund Carlyle Group owns 27% in Gurugram-based Medanta, while Singapore's Temasek Holdings Pte holds 18%. Photo: Pradeep Gaur
Malaysia's IHH Healthcare Bhd has submitted a bid to buy a controlling stake in Medanta-The Medicity super specialty hospital, two people aware of the development said. The bid values the premier hospital at Rs5,500-5,700 crore, the first of the two people said on condition of anonymity.
US-based private equity fund Carlyle Group owns 27% in Gurugram-based Medanta, while Singapore's Temasek Holdings Pte holds 18%. Cardiac surgeon Naresh Trehan, his family and Medanta co-founder Sunil Sachdeva own the rest.
The deal, if it goes through, will be the latest in India's hospital sector, which has seen recent transactions such as KKR's Rs1,300 crore investment in Radiant Life Care.
Temasek is also likely to submit a bid for a majority stake in a few weeks, said the second person on condition of anonymity.
Spokespersons for IHH, Temasek and Carlyle declined to comment. An email sent to Trehan went unanswered.
IHH, Asia's largest healthcare group, has been looking to acquire Fortis Hospitals for the last couple of years to expand its presence in India. It may acquire Fortis shares from the public and banks, Mint reported last week. Currently, 80% of Fortis's shares are with the public, while 20% of pledged promoter shares are held by lenders Yes Bank Ltd and Axis Bank Ltd.
The Malaysian hospital operator already has a strong presence in India, which it entered in 2015 by buying a 51% stake in Continental Hospitals Ltd for Rs300 crore and a 74% stake in Global Hospitals Pvt. Ltd for Rs1,280 crore.
In 2013, Carlyle Group acquired a 27% stake in Global Health Pvt. Ltd, which owns, manages and operates Medanta, while Temasek bought its 18% stake owned by Punj Lloyd Ltd in Global Health in 2015.
However, the hospital has seen a drop in its revenue after several leading doctors left in the last couple of years, said the second person.
Top doctors who left Medanta and joined Fortis include Dr. Rajesh Ahlawat, who was chairman of Institute of Kidney and Urology; Dr. Vijay Kher, who was chairman, nephrology and renal transplant medicine; and Padma Shri winner Dr. Ashok Rajgopal, a leading knee and hip replacement surgeon who was chairman of Medanta's Bone and Joint Institute. Dr. Gagan Gautam, who was head of urologic cancer surgery and robotic surgery, moved to Max Hospital in Saket.
Trehan was initially looking at a valuation of $1-1.2 billion (Rs6,500-7,500 crore) for Medanta a year ago, but a fall in revenue has hit the valuation, said the second person. The company's revenue figures could not be independently ascertained. Medanta has also suspended its $250-300 million initial public offering plans, he added.
Price regulation of cardiac stents and knee caps has also brought down the revenue of hospitals across India.
In August, drug pricing regulator National Pharmaceutical Pricing Authority (NPPA) capped the prices of knee implants, reducing product prices by as much as 70%. NPPA had brought cardiac stents under price control in February to make them affordable. The price of drug eluting stents were slashed to about Rs30,000 from as much as Rs2 lakh.
At 9.15am, the 10-year bond yield was at 7.226%, a level last seen on 27 July 2016, compared to its previous close of 7.175%. Bond yields and prices move in opposite directions. Photo: Mint
Mumbai: The 10-year bond yield gained for the fourth session on Tuesday to hit nearly 17-month high ahead of the key inflation data due after 5.30pm, while the rupee weakened marginally against the US dollar.
At 9.15am, the 10-year bond yield was at 7.226%, a level last seen on 27 July 2016, compared to its previous close of 7.175%. Bond yields and prices move in opposite directions.
Bond yields are already under pressure and have risen over 70 basis points since the end of July on expectation of higher inflation, concern over high bond supply and potentially wider fiscal deficit due to higher crude oil prices and reduction of goods and services tax on some items last month. Earlier in the morning, international crude oil prices hit $65 per barrel for the first time since June 2015.
The Indian rupee weakened marginally against US dollar. At 9.15am, the rupee was trading at 64.44 a dollar, down 0.11% from its Monday's close of 64.37. The rupee opened at 64.46 a dollar.
So far this year, the rupee has gained 5.52%, while foreign institutional investors (FIIs) have bought $8.22 billion and $22.99 billion in equity and debt, respectively.
The benchmark Sensex fell 0.13%, or 42.33 points, to 33,413.46. So far this year, it has gained 27%.
According to a Bloomberg poll, inflation is likely to accelerate 4.28% in November from a year ago, its fastest pace since September last year and up from 3.58% in October. Index of Industrial Production (IIP) probably rose 2.8% year-on-year in October versus 3.8% gain in September, the survey said.
The government will also issue wholesale price inflation (WPI) data on Thursday. The Bloomberg survey shows that WPI will be at 3.8% in November compared to 3.59% in October.
Traders will also be cautious ahead of the US Federal Reserve outcome on 14 December. Analysts expect the US Fed to raise interest rates for the third time in 2017, which will mark the fifth rate hike since the financial crisis. This will be the final rate hike of outgoing Fed chair Janet Yellen's tenure.
Veteran Hawthorn defender Josh Gibson is set to announce his retirement after winning three AFL premierships.
Hawthorn defender Josh Gibson is set to join the long list of AFL stars retiring this season.
The triple premiership winner, 33, will speak at a media conference alongside coach Alastair Clarkson at 1pm on Tuesday.
Gibson has played 160 games since 2010 for the Hawks after starting his career at North Melbourne, where he played 65 games.
NATIONAL
South Korea`s President Moon Jae-in and US President Donald Trump
A postponed South Korea-US joint military exercise will resume April 1, South Korean and the US militaries said Tuesday, with its field-training Foal Eagle to be halved in length from two months to one.South Korea's Defense Minster Song Young-moo and his US counterpart Jim Mattis decided to resume the annual computer-simulated Key Resolve exercise and field training Foal Eagle exercise, according to Seoul's Defense Ministry and US-led Combined Forces Command.The two ministers agreed last month the resumption date will be announced between March 18 -- the end of the Paralympic Games end -- and April 1.The North Korean military was notified of the resumption of the military exercise through the United Nations Command. The command repeated its usual assertion that the exercise is “defensive in nature.”During his meeting with South Korean special envoys last week, North Korea's leader Kim Jong-un said he would “understand” if the drills went ahead.The announcement of the military drill date came amid a flurry of speculations over the scale and timeline of the exercises that have strained inter-Korean relations. North Korea has denounced the drills as preparation for war.The allies' militaries have stressed that the exercises would be “consistent” with previous ones, but the field drills are widely expected to be scaled down to set a peaceful mood for the inter-Korean and US-North Korea summits.It is widely expected in Seoul that the field-training Foal Eagle exercise will be held on a “lower profile” without US strategic assets such as nuclear-powered aircraft carriers, which were deployed during last year's exercises.Last year's Key Resolve and Foal Eagle exercises were considered to be the largest ever, involving US strategic assets, such as the aircraft carrier USS Carl Vinson and F-35B stealth fighters.(jasonyeo@heraldcorp.com)
The director of an accountancy firm which went up in flames on Pateley High Street has praised the work of firefighters at the scene.
Local business owners called the fire service at 7.15am when they saw smoke billowing from the basement of The Barker Partnership on the High Street today, April 24.
Fire crews and police cordoned off the High Street from 8 - 10am, causing traffic, including buses dropping off local school children to be diverted.
Following the events, Director of the Pateley branch of The Barker Partnership thanked the emergency services for their 'prompt and professional' approach.
Director, Stuart Strike, said: "Following a fire at our Pateley Bridge Office earlier this morning, we would like to extend our thanks to the Firefighters of Harrogate, Masham and Summerbridge whose prompt and professional intervention ensured that the blaze was contained and that damage was kept to a minimum.
"We are confident that the incident will not cause any significant disruption to our operations and that the office will be open for business as usual very shortly.
"In the meantime, if you need to contact us, please phone our Harrogate Office on 01423 525641."
There were no injuries or casualties reported as a result of the blaze, which started in the basement of the building and caused smoke damage throughout.
ISLAMABAD, Feb 15 (APP): Chairman Joint Chiefs of Staff
Committee General Zubair Hayat called on Prime Minister Muhammad Nawaz Sharif here Wednesday and discussed strategic matters.
“It was agreed that Lahore terror attack cannot deter the resolve of nation to eliminate terror from Pakistan,” according to a statement by PM's Office.
The CJCSC said the armed forces were fully committed to cleanse the country from extremists and terrorists with the help of civilian security agencies.
Homage was paid to the fallen heroes of Police in Lahore.
The development programme of armed forces also came under
discussion.
As I watched President Trump give the State of the Union address, I felt a renewed pride and a profound joy to be living in what is beyond all doubt the absolute greatest nation on this planet. If I had been privileged to attend, I would have stood and applauded virtually every point the president made.
But there were many, including Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi, who did not stand or applaud at all. The president announced the lowest unemployment in 45 years, the lowest African American unemployment in our nation's history, major corporations expanding and hiring, small businesses doing the same, and record-breaking highs in the stock market. These are facts even Ms. Pelosi can not deny. Yet she remained seated and offered no applause. I have to wonder — does she truly represent herself and her party instead of her constituents?
Ms. Pelosi literally sat on her hands and looked disgusted while the president was honoring some amazing heroes: the South Korean young man, tortured in North Korea and left for dead, who waived his crutches in victory over what he had suffered; the police officer and his wife who adopted a heroin baby; the Army sergeant who ran into a burning school and rescued 60 children from a certain death; the Marine corporal who performed a tracheotomy on a fellow warrior, saving his life, all while they were being shelled.
What kind of American refuses to honor those who have gone above and beyond? The election was over a year ago, America spoke. Clinton lost. Get over it! The people you supposedly represent are benefiting in their everyday lives because of this president. You should be thrilled about that — if you genuinely care about them, that is.
Dottie Flaugher
Wilmington
The founding partners of the new Seattle-based venture firm Flying Fish met as angel investors deploying capital in the talent-heavy, cash-light region around Amazon and Microsoft's corporate headquarters.
“We've underperformed relative to the talent pool,” is how Heather Redman, one of the firm's three founding partners describes the region.
Well, now Flying Fish has held a first close of $23 million on a targeted $80 million fund to bring some much-needed institutional capital at the seed and Series A stage to a geography that's seen a number of successful exits and a wealth of talented engineers crop up, but little in the way of regional investor talent to support it.
Seattle's success extends beyond Microsoft's Redmond, Wash. headquarters and Amazon's downtown death star. There're travel behemoths like Expedia, real estate riches pouring from Zillow and Redfin, titans of visualization and business intelligence software like Tableau, and up and coming success stories like Avalera.
All of those companies are bringing in talent from elsewhere to complement Seattle's growing reputation as a hub for artificial intelligence and machine learning research and engineering talent thanks to programs at the University of Washington .
Joining Redman, a former executive at AtomShockwave, Inc., Getty Images, Inc., and PhotoDisc, Inc.; are two former Microsoft employees Geoff Harris, who served as General Manager for the Speech and Natural Language team, and Frank Chang. Harris and Chang met while working on natural language processing and machine learning for the gargantuan that Gates built before Chang absconded to Jeff Bezos' Amazonian environs.
With its $28 million first close, Flying Fish is well on its way to joining a host of other investment firms that have launched or closed new investment funds in the Pacific Northwest since the beginning of the year. In all, at least $140 million in new capital has been committed to venture firms in the region like PSL Ventures, the venture capital firm started by development studio Pioneer Square Labs, and Founders Co-op, a longtime early stage investor on the Seattle scene.
“What we believe is that with the additional VC [firms] beginning to be formed here… that is going to increase the number of company starts geometrically,” says Redman. “The talent is here, the entrepreneurial spirit is here and the use is here… but [entrepreneurs] want to do it where there is the capital to support them.”
The firm is targeting around 25 investments for its $85 million first fund with a focus on machine learning, artificial intelligence and software services. Investments will range between $500,000 and $5 million, according to the firm's partners.
Already, Flying Fish has put money to work in seven new deals.
ISLAMABAD, July 4 (APP):As many as thirty-four aspiring candidates will be vying for NA-53 Islamabad, dubbed as hotly contested national assembly seat, with two major stalwarts Pakistan Tahreek-i-Insaf (PTI) chief Imran Khan and former prime minister Shahid Khaqan Abbasi of PML-N heading towards neck to neck contest.
The other candidates trying their luck in this newly carved out national assembly seat for the federal capital included estranged leader of PTI, with her own faction of PTI-Gulalai, Ayesha Gulalai, Asif Fazal Chaudhary, Amjad Masih, Javed Akhtar, Chaudhary Saeed Ahmed, Khawaja Khalil ur Rehman, Raja Aadeer Ahmed, Zaib Ur Rehman, Syed Amjad Ali Shah, Syed Sibt ul Haider Bukhari, Syed Zafar Ali Shah, Shamakh Hassan Khan,Shahzad Asif Javed, Abdul Hafeez, Abdul Wahab, Ammar Rasheed, Imran Ahmed Khan Niazi, Ghazanfar Mehdi, Ghulam Rasool, Muhammad Asif Nawaz, Muhammad Afnan Umer Baloch, Muhammad Amjid, Muhammad Zafar, Mukhdoom Muhammad Niaz Inqlahi, Malik Muhammad Yousaf, Mansoor Akash Randhawa, Mian Muhammad Asalm, Nasir Mehmood, Nasir Munir Ahmed, Nadeem ul Zafar, Nadeem Sarwar and Haroon Arshad Shekh.
During the election 2013, in NA-48, Makhdoom Javid Hashmi won the seat, which was later vacated by him. In the by-election Asad Umar secured the seat for Pakistan Tehree-e-Insaf.
By-election on the seat was held on August 22, 2013, and Asad Umar secured a win with 48,073 votes as compared to 41,186 votes of his closest rival PML-N's Chaudhary Muhammad Ashraf Gujjar.
In NA 49, Doctor Tariq Fazal Chudhary from Pakistan Muslim League had won the seat by securing 95,701 votes while Chudhary Ilyas Meharban from Pakistan Tehreek-i-Insaf got 57,160 votes and Pakistan Peoples Party Parliamentarian Mustafa Nawaz Khokhar obtained 44,646 votes.
The number of total registered voters in the federal capital for the election-2018 is 765,348, while in the election-2013 the total registered voters were 625,969.
Rev. Billy Graham's son brings evangelical political revival tour to Berkeley
Photo: James Durbin / James Durbin The Rev. Franklin Graham at an appearance in Austin, Texas, in...
The Rev. Franklin Graham — son of the late Rev. Billy Graham and frequent defender of President Trump — is coming to Berkeley on Friday as part of his 10-city Decision America tours through California that he insists isn't political.
“I don't have hope in the Republican Party. I don't have hope in the Democratic Party,” Graham told the faithful during a 90-minute event in Turlock on Tuesday. “The only hope for California is God.”
While nothing Graham said in Turlock was overtly partisan — and only about eight minutes of it was political at all — make no mistake: His tour of “evangelistic prayer events” days before California's primary election Tuesday is thoroughly political. In an interview Wednesday, he said the goal of his tour is to “encourage Christians to vote.”
“I think we need more of the Christian voice in the political world, not less,” Graham said.
“And when Graham is talking about Christians, he means white evangelical Christians,” said Robert Jones, CEO of the nonpartisan Public Religion Research Institute, which has done extensive surveys of the evangelical community.
White evangelicals are in an odd position politically. The resident of the White House is the friendliest president they've had in a decade, but their overall numbers are in decline. In 2006, 23 percent of Americans called themselves evangelical Christians, according to the Public Religion Research Institute. Last year the total was 15 percent. In California they represent just 7 percent of the population, according to the institute.
That's why the 65-year-old Graham, who lives in North Carolina, came to California for a revival.
“The white evangelical political movement is at a last stand kind of moment here,” Jones said. “What does give them outsize power is that they are so disproportionately active on the Republican side” — 80 percent of white evangelicals, he said, vote GOP.
So while Graham professes not to have faith in either party, he equates being “progressive” with being “godless.” In Turlock, Graham noted that 127 churches were represented at the Stanislaus County Fairground. He encouraged them to dedicate themselves to electing Christians to political office.
“If every church here put up one person for school board, got behind them financially and helped them to run, you could take over your school board,” Graham said. “If this happened in every community, in 10 years you could see a difference politically in this state.”
Does he really believe all progressives are “godless”? There are denominations where it would be hard to find a priest who didn't describe themselves as progressive.
“Maybe that was a little bit of a broad brush,” Graham told me, “but generally speaking, it is a true statement. I want people to think before they vote. We believe in the sanctity of life. The definition of marriage as being between a man and a woman.”
Californians, however, solidly support same-sex marriage and abortion rights. The last major statewide candidate to tout his opposition to abortion rights was Republican Dan Lungren, a devout Catholic who lost the governor's race to Democrat Gray Davis in 1998. And evangelicals put so much energy into opposing same-sex marriage that when the public and the Supreme Court turned against them so quickly, they went into “a state of vertigo,” Jones said.
So Graham is trying to reorganize at the local level.
When I asked Graham if he would be OK if a Muslim were elected to school board, he said, “I would be concerned if it was anybody other than a Christian. I guess would feel far more comfortable with a Muslim who believes in something than a progressive who had no faith in God, no faith in the afterlife.”
David Vasquez-Levy, president of Pacific School of Religion in Berkeley and a Lutheran pastor, said Graham is missing an opportunity in California to reach out to a fast-growing slice of Christians: Latino evangelicals. There was no Spanish-language message at Tuesday's Turlock event.
“In this particular tour, what it's missing is that evangelicals in California are redefining what it means to be evangelical,” Vasquez-Levy said. Increasingly, evangelicals here are immigrants — making Graham's 7:30 p.m. Friday at Cesar Chavez Park in Berkeley an odd pairing, Vasquez-Levy said.
Politically, Graham can say he's taking his message right to the heart of progressive country. But he said that is not his motive: “I want the people of Berkeley to know that God loves them.”
And while Graham's mission is broadly political, he's definitely not down in the weeds. He said he had spoken to “some congressman” in Turlock but couldn't remember his name until an aide reminded him it was Rep. Jeff Denham, a Republican who is fighting for his political life this year in a swing district.
Graham added that “I'm supposed to meet somebody who is running for governor,” but couldn't place the name of Republican John Cox, who is on his Friday calendar.
It is here where Graham draws a line between politicians and politics.
“There are lots of politicians in this world, and they all want something,” he said. “I try to avoid them.”
Joe Garofoli is The San Francisco Chronicle's senior political writer. Email: jgarofoli@sfchronicle.com Twitter: @joegarofoli
A battle brewing for months will take centre stage at a school board meeting Tuesday night over Halton's controversial policy banning financial support to charities that don't align with Catholic values. The Halton Catholic District School board of trustees meeting, usually held at its office in Burlington, has been moved to Oakville's Holy Trinity Catholic Secondary School to accommodate a larger crowd. The board of trustees reapproved a motion last month that bans any financial donations to organizations that “publicly support, either directly or indirectly,” abortion, contraception, sterilization, euthanasia or embryonic stem cell research. The motion was introduced in January and moved by Oakville trustee Helena Karabela. In an email sent to parents on March 5, Director of Education Paula Dawson wrote that “you have probably noticed that our school board has been receiving a great deal of media coverage over the past week in regard to a motion recently passed by the board of trustees.”
Article Continued Below
The board compiled a list of charities that received donations from board schools in the past, and “are now in the process of determining which charitable organizations may continue to receive donations from our schools in light of this new board decision.” The list of 100 charities and non-profits includes the Halton Women's Place, Sick Kids and the Princess Margaret Cancer Foundation. “We know that fundraising at the school level is an integral part of the educational experience for our students,” Dawson said in the email. “We will continue to encourage students and staff to participate in fundraising efforts in accordance with the board decision.”
A representative from Campaign Life Coalition's youth division will be present at Tuesday's meeting. Jack Fonseca, a spokesperson for the organization, said people who dissent the motion should leave for the public school system, particularly if they disagree with Catholic teachings. “It's a very strong, pro-life motion, and the Catholic Church is pro-life, which means by extension, Catholic schools must be pro-life,” he said. “That's not a negotiable point.” The motion has stirred controversy, with community members and parents writing to the board to express their dismay with the motion. An online petition to overturn the motion has garnered about 21,000 signatures. Lindsay Walls, a parent and Oakville resident, said the motion is deeply conflicting to the point she and her husband are indecisive as to whether to continue to support the Catholic board, adding that it's “behind the times.” “We know that there's a very divided community here, which behooves everyone to reach out and get the wider opinion,” she said. “They didn't consult anyone. They had no formalized process to speak with the students. They had no formalized process to tell the parents or the ratepayers what was going on. I feel that this is their own agenda.” Other Catholic school boards in the GTA have not followed the Halton school board's lead. Toronto Catholic District School Board spokesperson John Yan said in an email to the Star that it does not outline restrictions and “there are no plans to change the policy.” He added that all fundraising activities are “related to charitable, humanitarian, educational, or service activities consistent with the tenets of Catholicism.” The meeting begins at 7:30 p.m. Tuesday.
Read more about:
SIALKOT, July 4 (APP)::Former foreign minister and PML-N backed candidate for NA-73, Khawaja Muhammad Asif on Wednesday expressed
his hope the PML-N would win general election.
Addressing the party workers at UC Imam Shaib, he said the people
of Pakistan know who could beneficial for them. He said that respect
of vote should be restored and the people would cast vote in favour
of PML-N during forthcoming elections.
He said that it was a time when the respect of vote should be
restored in the country.
Criticizing PTI Chief Imran Khan, he said that Imran filed a
suite against him in a court but did not produce any evidence.
He said that PTI could do nothing except leveling tall claims
and elections would decide their future.
He said the people of Sialkot gave votes to him during five
previous elections and now they would also give vote to the PML-N.
He said that despite hurdles, PML-N would win forthcoming
general elections with heavy margin.
Pentagon Officials Say Transgender People Can Enlist In Military Next Year Pentagon officials say starting on Jan. 1, 2018, transgender people can enlist in the U.S. military. President Trump has opposed allowing transgender people to serve, but the Pentagon decision comes as courts are ruling against efforts to bar transgender enlistment.
(ru) Все права защищены! © 2007 - Contact online news : При использовании материалов активная гиперссылка на www.contact.az обязательна
(en) All rights reserved! © 2007 - Contact online news : When reprinting, active hyperlink on www.contact.az required. Powered by © Contact Online news, 2007 -
Email: editor.contact.az@gmail.com
CALGARY—With the provincial government poised to overhaul municipal election legislation, city councillors are demanding stricter caps on campaign spending and fundraising, proactive disclosure of donors and reining-in of third-party advertisers. Over the past decade, political spending and fundraising has exploded, particularly in councillor races where campaigns increasingly generate and spend hundreds of thousands of dollars.
The provincial government is expected to announce public consultations and a review of the Local Authorities Election Act in the coming weeks. ( StarMetro file photo ) Mayor Naheed Nenshi, who has repeatedly called on the province to overhaul local campaign rules, made several recommendations to the NDP government after last year's civic election. ( Elizabeth Cameron ) Councillor Shane Keating was first elected in 2010, a race in which he raised nearly $31,000. Seven years later, Keating's campaign for a third term netted almost $114,000 — 82 per cent of which was raised through various fundraising functions. ( Elizabeth Cameron ) Under the current legislation, municipal candidates are required to disclose any donations above $100. Some candidates, such as Jeromy Farkas, revealed the names of all contributors. ( Bill Graveland / The Canadian Press )
“It's out of control, and there are no consequences for not following the rules,” said Councillor Druh Farrell, noting the province has repeatedly waffled on overhauling the Local Authorities Election Act, which governs campaign finance rules. “It's right after an election, we have a four-year term now, so there's a window of opportunity,” Farrell said. “If they don't seize it, then they'll have abdicated their responsibility.” Municipal Affairs Minister Shaye Anderson is expected to announce public consultations and a review of the legislation in the coming weeks, according to his office.
Article Continued Below
Mayor Naheed Nenshi, who has repeatedly called on the province to overhaul local campaign rules, made several recommendations to the NDP government after last year's civic election. Nenshi raised $405,000 during his surprise mayoral victory in 2010. For last year's run, his campaign generated nearly $605,000. In his December letter, Nenshi said candidates should be required to disclose donors before election day, limit donations to the calendar year of an election, restrict a donor's contribution to $2,500 over the entire four-year election cycle, and cap spending to 75 cents and 60 cents per resident for, respectively, council and mayoral candidates. “Strengthening the limitations on donations will help ensure that successful candidates attract a breadth of support from across the community and not just from a relatively small number of wealthy donors and corporate contributors,” he wrote. Councillor Shane Keating was first elected in 2010, a race in which he raised nearly $31,000. Seven years later, Keating's campaign for a third term netted almost $114,000 — 82 per cent of which was raised through various fundraising functions.
“We spend too much, and part of that is because there's too much available,” Keating said. “I'm the first to admit I raised that much. I didn't need to.” “There's a need for a change,” Keating said. “I'm flabbergasted when I see people spending in excess of $200,000 for a councillor election.”
Article Continued Below
The Ward 12 councillor is far from an anomaly. In 2010, incumbent or victorious rookie councillors raised, on average, $85,000 to secure a seat at city hall. By last year's contest, the average had spiked to $193,000. According to campaign disclosure records, councillors Gian-Carlo Carra, Ward Sutherland, Sean Chu, Evan Woolley and Joe Magliocca all raised more than $230,000. Magliocca topped the list among councillors, raising an astounding $343,000 over the four-year election cycle — the bulk of which, 93 per cent, came from various fundraising events. Magliocca — like many candidates — did not release the names of people who bought tickets to those functions. Under the current legislation, municipal candidates are required to disclose any donations above $100. Some candidates, such as Farrell and Jeromy Farkas, revealed the names of all contributors. “Whether you're cutting a cheque, giving an in-kind donation, or buying a ticket to a fundraiser, that is a contribution,” Farkas said. “So, our read of the legislation was to disclose all contributions. “Let's be clear, purchasing a ticket to a fundraiser is a contribution to the campaign.” Fundraisers can generate thousands of dollars in a relatively short period, but tend to favour incumbents who benefit from name recognition, said Jack Lucas, assistant professor of political science at the University of Calgary. “The proportion of the money they're raising is increasing gradually election-over-election,” Lucas said. “A charitable view of what's going on is that it's easy to raise a lot of money in a short amount of time by holding a function. “The less charitable interpretation is that it's a way to get around disclosure rules where otherwise they would have to disclose where the money is coming from.” Like Nenshi, Keating would like to restrict fundraising activities to election years and link campaign spending to the population of any given ward. “Maybe $1 per person,” Keating said. “In my case, I have 100,000 constituents. I have no problem saying you can't spend more than $100,000 no matter who you are.” Farkas, who raised more than $147,000 to secure his seat in Ward 11 in the October race, said he'd like to see contributions disclosed in real-time on a city website with the names of all donors, regardless of how much they gave to a campaign. While he's open to stricter rules on campaign spending and donation limits, Farkas said he'd prefer the province grant municipalities authority to do so, ideally through an independent body. “It's hard for me as a politician to not have certain biases, whether I think I do or not, because I was able to be successful under the current rules,” said Farkas. “I think Calgarians need to know that the politicians aren't changing the rules to favour themselves.” Trevor Howell is an urban affairs reporter with StarMetro Calgary. Follow him on Twitter: @tshowell
Read more about:
MARION, N.C. (AP) -
Wednesday, May 30, 2018 at 12:33 pm |
I-40, near Old Fort, N.C., Wednesday. (AP Photo/Chuck Burton)
Mudslides triggered by the soggy remnants of Alberto forced evacuations below a dam early Wednesday and closed a highway in western North Carolina as the center of the storm lashed the nation's midsection hundreds of miles away.
About 2,000 people were evacuated for several hours after emergency managers said the Lake Tahoma dam was in danger of “imminent failure.” Heavy rain triggered landslides at the dam and along Interstate 40, which was closed near Asheville.
Engineers inspected the dam further in daylight and McDowell County officials announced in a public alert just after 10 a.m. Wednesday the dam was safe and people could return to their homes.
The evacuation was ordered because engineers wanted to play it safe until they could do more inspections after sunrise, McDowell County Emergency Management deputy director Adrienne Jones told The Associated Press.
Several schools were closed in western North Carolina because of flooding.
The center of a depression that had been Alberto was about 400 miles west near Hopkinsville, Kentucky, where Sherry Key had a fitful night of sleep because of high winds and heavy rains.
“I have dogs and they're terribly afraid of storms, so they were on top of me all night,” said Key, an airport office manager.
A damaged parking lot in Black Mountain, N.C. (AP Photo/Chuck Burton)
Radar showed rain extended as far south as the Gulf Coast, where the storm came ashore at the Florida Panhandle on Monday, to the Great Lakes region.
Forecasters warned the leftovers of the Atlantic hurricane season's first named storm were still capable of causing treacherous flooding as heavy precipitation spreads deeper into the nation's midsection. Flash flood watches and warnings were in effect for parts of several states from Alabama through Tennessee, Kentucky, Illinois, the Carolinas and Virginia and West Virginia.
The weather service at the Greenville-Spartanburg airport in South Carolina said the rainfall of 1.76 inches on Tuesday broke a record dating to 1976.
In the mountains of western North Carolina, Jones said about 200 residents spent the night in three shelters, set up in Marion, Old Fort and Glenwood. She said five minor injuries have been reported during water rescues as creeks and streams overflowed their banks and rock slides closed roads.
The big, messy storm caused more than 25,000 power outages in Alabama, many of which were caused by trees rooted in soggy soil falling across utility lines.
“We've had a lot of rain, but we got lucky. It was a constant rain but not a heavy rain,” said Regina Myers, emergency management director in Walker County northwest of Birmingham.
Alberto was more of a rainstorm than a wind threat, but the National Weather Service said at least one tornado had been confirmed.
The weather service said its meteorologists confirmed a weak tornado with maximum winds of 85 mph hit an area around Cameron, South Carolina, on Monday afternoon. No one was hurt.
Iran minister: Unification of currency rates confronts smugglers
2018-04-24 20:05 | www.trend.az | 2
Baku, Azerbaijan, April 24
By Farhad Daneshvar – Trend:
Iranian Minister of Economy and Financial Affairs Masoud Karbasian has said that the government's recent decision on the unification of official and free-market rates will prevent smuggling of goods into the country.
“The decision has blocked the ways of goods smuggling into the country,” Ibena (Iranian banks and economy news agency) quoted him as saying on Tuesday.
Speaking at a meeting with the representatives of the private sector, the minister said that the unification of the rates will bring the issue of smuggling of goods under control.
Following the recent currency fluctuations in the country, which saw the greenback trading at 62,000 rials on the unregulated market (an increase of 20 percent within two days), the government decided to increase the official rate of the national currency against the US dollar, setting the official rate at 42,000 rials on April 12.
Central Bank of Iran on Monday unveiled an online system which enables the country's exporters to sell hard currency they obtained from international trades to the country's banking system.
The online system named NIMA came amid the recent efforts to renovate Iran's foreign currency system via managing domestic foreign currency market and reinforcing exports.
LAS VEGAS REVIEW-JOURNAL – REID MENE
Las Vegas gunman Stephen Paddock, who has now found his place as the deadliest mass shooter in modern American history, reportedly spent much of his time eating cheap meals from a senior center.
Paddock, who has been called a millionaire due to his lavish gambling efforts, apparently ate cheap and creeped people out when doing so.
According to the New York Post, Paddock could be found at the Mesquite Community and Senior Center roughly three times a week, where he'd eat for less than four bucks.
A local at the center, Marshall Meland, 78, said he and others were eating lunch when Paddock's face came up on the TV as the gunman.
Immediately everyone recognized him, Daily Mail reports that Meland said:
“We recognized Stephen when his face flashed up on TV. He last came in to the center around 11 a.m. last Thursday and checked in at the desk, but didn't stop for lunch like he usually does. Instead, he went straight up to the counter to speak with the cook and asked her about an enchiladas dish she cooks — he wanted to know how she made it. After that he left. No one took any notice of him. It wasn't until later after what he did that we realized he drove to Vegas that afternoon. Everyone at the center is shocked.”
Despite many at the center identifying the 64-year-old's face, no one had become close with him.
The gross bad debt of the Indian banking system as of March was at Rs 7.11 lakh crore. The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) on Tuesday said its internal advisory committee (IAC) had identified 12 accounts that covered about 25 per cent of the banking system's non-performing assets for immediate resolution under the Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code. rediff 1:07:00 PM CEST
Allie Knox, a 32-year-old blonde from Texas, is staring directly at the camera and demanding money. “You will give all of your money to me,” she says. “You will give me everything. You will work harder to please me, to impress me.” The video clip is edited with a hypnotic spiral swirling over her face and thrumming background music. “You will buy less — for me,” she instructs. “You will spend more on me.”
This is just one of several video clips for sale on the site iwantclips.com in which Knox demands money and gifts. Her viewers have already paid a $9.99 fee to watch her videos, and yet, many respond by sending her money — or tributes, as she calls them — nonetheless. Knox is a financial dominatrix, or “findom” for short, and her fans get off on being pressured and belittled into giving her money.
“I can say shit like, ‘Pay me so I can fucking sit by the pool this afternoon,'” she said. And they do.
It's like any other form of submission only instead of say, getting bound in rope, it's handing over money, often while being taunted and emasculated, that brings an erotic charge. As Knox puts it, money is “the biggest way to feel dominated.”
The world of financial domination, which is a subset of BDSM, has exploded in the last several years, thanks to the internet. There are now ever more ways for dommes like Knox to turn basic financial transactions into an exercise in submission and humiliation. These range from RT games on Twitter, where a sub might agree to pay $3 for every retweet that a findom gets, to Skype sessions where a domme demands more and more money from her “pay pig” over the course of the conversation. Sometimes submissives give dommes direct access to their bank accounts, but more often, money is doled out bit by bit. This trade can involve nudity, but plenty of findoms manage to extract money from their “wallet slaves” and “human ATMs” without even taking off their clothes.
More The Dominatrixes Humiliating Their Subs On Twitter
Bitcoin and payment processors like Google Wallet, along with Amazon wishlists, have made these transactions laughably easy. In fact, Knox does a whole lot of laughing — a hearty, toss-your-head-back kind of laugh — when talking about her work.
Knox is an unusually successful findom: After graduating with a master's degree in archaeology in 2013, she got a job with Playboy as an event promoter. That led to camming work, which led to porn, and ultimately findom. This line of work has allowed her to support her younger brother, who lives with her and has a disability. She has also managed to pay off more than $100,000 in student debt within a year and a half through a combination of web camming, self-produced video clips — many of which are fetish-based — and mainstream porn. Findom has been a substantial part of that, she says, currently accounting for about half of her independent video work, which is her main source of income.
But Knox's taunting videos are just one way that she makes money from findom. She also charges $7 a minute for Skype sessions, which can rack up fairly quickly, “especially if people don't really know what they're doing,” she said. “It's a moneymaker.” Sometimes, she does “wallet drain” Skype sessions where she turns payment into what she calls an interactive game. “It's a lot of, ‘Alright, if you want to see this body part, you are gonna need to send one more [donation].'” Then she might take her shirt off and then put it right back on and say, “If you want to see more you're going to do it again.”
Some of her subs send her their bank statements so that she knows exactly how much money they have to spend. “They want to be pushed to the limit, so they're going to let me know what that limit is,” she explained. “That's part of the game.” One of her clients starts out every Skype session telling her that he only has twenty-five dollars. “I know he's got more than twenty-five bucks, but that's how he sets it up, because he wants that pressure.”
She says many of her clients have their fetish because money has been a problem in their life. “Like me, they went to school and had a lot of debt and their entire focus was their income, so it became this, like, obsession,” she said. Knox says her clients are generally either in debt and living outside their means, and findom is just one part of their spending problem, or they are loaded and, as she puts it, “all that matters to them is they can get the girls and the fun stuff with the cash.”
It's those clients who are in debt — especially those who have kids — that can be hard to deal with. “I know they can't afford it, and it just kinda sucks,” she said. “Some of them, I morally have this issue — not enough of an issue to change it, but I'm just saying.”
Knox also charges $44 for a year-long “membership” to her Snapchat account, which is mostly just clips of her dog. When asked whether her Snapchat ever features sexy content, she lets out an evil laugh: “Never.” Her account is private, but she will accept friend requests from those who pay the fee. “It's absolutely ludicrous,” she says with obvious delight.
She also charges $100 for access to her Kik account, which offers a more direct way to message and interact with her, somewhat akin to texting. “It's nothing, it's just a stupid marketing tool,” she said, explaining that she often takes to Snapchat and Kik just to promote new videos and upcoming cam sessions. In other words, her fans are paying for access to what she considers a marketing tool. Emailing with her — or at least getting a response — costs money, too.
Then there's Twitter, which she occasionally uses to ask for gifts — like, for example, a Victoria's Secret bra and panty set that she wants. “And then somebody will send it over,” she said. “They enjoy me getting it and them giving it to me.” She also keeps her Amazon wishlist updated — with everything from a pair of socks reading “RICH BITCH” to a shower curtain featuring an image of a hairless cat — so that subs can routinely send her gifts.
She estimates that she currently makes around $4,000 a month selling clips on sites like Clips4Sale.com, $2,000 a month web camming and up to $2,000 through one-on-one Skype sessions and random gifts from subs.
“I think that I am pretty creatively hateful,” she said, explaining her success. “It's not just turning your camera on and talking.” When she was doing mainstream porn, she said she had to pretend to be “the girl next door,” but findom lets her unleash her “bitchiness,” as she puts it. “I was dressing up in bikinis and shit and then I realized I don't have to do this, so I just don't,” she said.
Now, Knox works just a couple days a week and gets to make money from her “brutal honesty,” as she puts it — like instructing subs to send her money so she can sunbathe. She added, “My findom stuff really is like my true self.”
The new season of DARK NET — an eight-part docuseries developed and produced by Vocativ — airs Thursdays at 10 p.m. ET/PT on SHOWTIME.
We value our content and our journalists, so to get full access to all your local news updated 7-days-a-week – PLUS an e-edition of the Oban Times – subscribe today for as little as 56 pence per week.
Fort William Football Club have announced the signing of Jordan Knight from Ross-shire Welfare side Contin FC.
Jordan, 24, formerly of Spey Valley FC and Inverness Athletic FC, has been training with Fort William for a number of weeks and was a scoring triallist in a friendly v St Duthus FC a few weeks ago.
The striker, who is equally comfortable on the wings, was set to go straight into Saturday's squad against Clach FC, but the match was called off due to a frozen pitch.
The Fort game against Clachnacuddin was rescheduled for today (Wednesday February 15).
After trailing 3-1 through the first period, the Maple Leafs claw all the way back to force overtime and then win the game on Tyler Bozak's redirection to take a 2-1 series lead. (2:06)
TORONTO -- Still don't believe in these kids?
Outplayed for the first half of the game on Monday night, the Toronto Maple Leafs rallied for an improbable 4-3 overtime win over the top-seeded Washington Capitals, with Tyler Bozak scoring the winner on a power play 1:37 into the extra session.
Believe it -- the Leafs are up 2-1 in the series after another OT win. Dan Hamilton/USA TODAY Sports
The baby-faced Leafs now lead the series, improbably, two games to one, with Game 4 here at the Air Canada Centre on Wednesday night.
Editor's Picks Power Rankings: Penguins, Predators and Blues soar The Blackhawks are down. And where are the Wild? Meanwhile, Pittsburgh and rookie Jake Guentzel are rocking, while goalies Pekka Rinne and Jake Allen have Nashville and St. Louis singing.
Leafs learning the hard way The young and untested Toronto Maple Leafs could collapse completely under the weight of the pressure or instead learn to embrace the experience to build on for the future.
Fear not holding back Alex Ovechkin Despite all the pressure, despite the lofty expectations, despite never having sniffed a Stanley Cup, Washington Capitals superstar Alex Ovechkin is going full speed ahead. 2 Related
The turning point came during a full, two-minute 5-on-3 power play in the second period for the Caps -- leading 3-1 at the time -- when they failed to connect on several scoring chances. A Caps goal in that moment would have likely put the game away.
Instead, the Leafs came roaring back, finding an extra gear in their speed game and putting the Caps on their heels, especially in the third period, when Washington didn't register its first shot until there was 6:35 left.
The Leafs' Auston Matthews collected a goal and an assist, his first two points of the series -- and, thus, of his career -- in easily his best game.
The real winners on this night? The fans. What a game, and what a series -- three straight overtime affairs and a series that has the look of going the distance.
OK, let's just get this out of the way right quick: Stephen A. Smith was on the basketball team at Winston-Salem State once upon a time, so in his day he was probably better at basketball than me and practically everybody reads this right now.
But Smith is also 49 years old, and if you don't keep limber and keep your stoke sharp, things like this can happen.
Harden later said he had a good time shooting with Smith and that the “vibes” were “good.”
Monday, August 14, 2017 at 2:08 pm |
The scene of the collapsed bridge. (Ichud Hatzalah)
YERUSHALAYIM - Update (5:30 PM): Magen David Adom has confirmed the death of the 60-year-old driver of the truck.
Previously: A pedestrian bridge collapsed on top of a truck on the outskirts of Bnei Brak Monday evening, seriously injuring the driver and another person, according to media reports.
The structure, known as the Coca-Cola Bridge for its proximity to the local bottling plant, traverses Highway 4 near Givat Shmuel.
The driver and passenger were trapped inside the vehicle after the bridge came down on top of it when the truck hit the bridge.
At last report, large numbers of rescue personnel were working to extricate them from the wreckage, but were waiting for a crane to arrive to move parts of the concrete structure that had fallen on the driver's cab.
Magen David Adom paramedics said the driver was in serious condition. The condition of the other person was unclear. The truck was described by one MDA member as “completely crushed.”
The Netivei Yisrael National Transport Infrastructure Company said the bridge collapse was caused when the truck's crane, which was raised to an illegal height, smashed into the bridge, according to Arutz Sheva.
Hatzalah paramedic Menachem Amsili told Arutz Sheva: “As he drove through the interchange in the direction of Rishon LeTzion, I ran into a bottleneck. I got out, and when I heard that the bridge had collapsed and people were hurt, I rushed over with my medical kit. There I joined other emergency responders who had come to the assistance of the two people” trapped under the wreckage of the bridge and the truck.
A police officer was also lightly injured in the accident and received first aid at the scene.
Meanwhile, the highway was blocked in both directions.
Deputy commander of the Dan region, Daniel Hadad, told Ynet that work at the site will continue through the night. “We have long hours of work ahead of us before the roadway can be returned to normal,” he said.
Col (R) Muhammad Hanif
On 9 June 2017 Pakistan became a regular member of Shanghai Cooperation Organization (SCO). Pakistan's membership of this Organization is going to be beneficial to itself and for all other member states of SCO in many ways including their connectivity and trade using CPEC. This Corridor has come at a very right time, when Pakistan has also become a permanent member of the SCO. With Pakistan being a member it will get easier for SCO members to become a part of the CPEC project by joining it during its construction phase through investments and its operational life by using it for trade by having access to the warm waters of the Arabian Sea. These two timely happenings are likely to act as the fate changers in the context of adding to the economic development and prosperity of this part of the world, including South Asia, Central Asia, West Asia, China and Russia.
CPEC will benefit above mentioned regions and countries, especially SCO member states through the trade of goods and services, investments in these areas, transportation of energy through pipelines, sharing of technology and industrial development, spread of communication network, including access to the internet through high quality fibre optics, increase in employment opportunities, and enhancement in people to people contacts and tourism. While other regions and countries will also benefit from the CPEC, the maximum benefit in any case will be drawn by SCO member countries, since it will be easier for them to exploit CPEC related advantages due to mutual contacts at the SCO platform and the resultant ease of doing business with each other.
For trade purposes, all old SCO members, including China, Russia, Kazakhstan, Kirghizstan, Uzbekistan, Turkmenistan and Tajikistan, would be able to carry out their trade with South Asian countries, ASEAN, the Middle East and North Africa and vice versa by using the CPEC. This will be the shortest and the cheapest route to and from the Arabian Sea. Till the time peace is established in Afghanistan, the Central Asian Republics (CARs) and Russia will be able to connect to the CPEC using the route defined by the Quadrilateral Traffic in Transit Agreement (QTTA), which is a transit trade deal between China, Pakistan, Kyrgyzstan and Kazakhstan for facilitating transit traffic and trade. From China the route can join the Karakoram Highway to reach Pakistan. Recently, Tajikistan has also expressed interest in joining the deal. The initial work on this road project was initiated in 1995.The road project is related to the China-Pakistan Economic Corridor, which aims to provide China and Central Asia access to Pakistani ports. Using CPEC trade in services in this larger region will greatly help in enhancing employment opportunities for the people of the region.
When the trade of the CARs with the outer world will flourish, it will add to their growth rate and economic development. With more demand of their products, industrialization will multiply and foreign investors would be attracted to invest there. Industrialization will create jobs, employment opportunities for the people, thus adding to their incomes and economic well being. Rising incomes will enhance the educational level of the masses and job security and economic wellbeing of the CARs will act as a barrier to the extremist tendencies in the people thus helping in ending the root causes of terrorism in these areas.
The CARs have lots of energy resources (hydro electricity and gas) to export to the energy hungry countries of South Asia, especially Pakistan and India. In this context, with Pakistan and India having become the regular members of the SCO, the prospects of the completion of Turkmenistan, Afghanistan, Pakistan and India (TAPI) gas pipeline and Central Asia South Asia (CASA) 1000 electricity line may become a reality. While the concerned Central Asian States will earn from the export of gas and electricity, energy demands in Pakistan and India will be met, which will have a substantial impact on the industrialization of these countries. By using CPEC, CARs and South Asia will become markets for each other and the same will happen between China, Russia and South Asian countries.
With the increase in the communication channels people to people contacts will multiply, thus improving trade and commercial activities in a major way. With the increase in trade and the industrialization, technology transfer will take place and all countries of the region will get an equal opportunity for their economic development. With increased incomes due to enhanced economic growth and development and wider and speedy communication networks and travelling facilities tourism in the region will also flourish. Thus the tourism industry of all the countries will flourish, which will be good for the happiness of the people and increased tourism will create further jobs for poorer sections of these areas and add to their economic well being.
In the final analysis, it can be concluded that development of the CPEC is going to make an inter regional Corridor, which will facilitate trade, travelling, sharing of industrial progress, cross regional investments, communications, people to people contacts, tourism, increase in economic growth and development and enhancement in the welfare of people of SCO member countries, Russia, China and the people of other regions that will use the CPEC for all these purposes. Thus a cycle of rising production, trade, employment and development in these regions and countries will add to the wellbeing of their people and this process will help the realization of the Chinese dream of the shared destinies and development of China, its neighbours and other parts of the world, since all these activities in this area to be done using CPEC would create a feeling of brotherliness and it will bring a message of peace and prosperity.
[The writer works for the Islamabad Policy Research Institute (IPRI), Islamabad]
Speaking to Gulf News, Rana said: “It is a great feeling to inspire my trainees by showing the way to score a century and win matches. This is my third century of this season and it is the third final for our team. My knocks are not [only] to inspire my boys, but also parents who have stopped playing to show them that if they can continue playing they can hit sixes and run and play like a youngster.”
UCT Sharjah defeated Sealine Tuskers by 7 wickets in the tournament organised by Sharjah Cricket Council. Chasing a Tuskers' challenging 192 to win, UCT won through Rana's unbeaten 115 runs from just 54 balls with 12 boundaries and four sixes. Akbar trains UCT regularly behind Sharjah Cricket Stadium and even takes the team on tour. “I am on the field all the time and I am also a qualified umpire. I joined for the umpiring course and won it as I wanted to also know the rules of the game well. I usually take my trainees abroad and soon will fly out to South Africa.” UCT got off to a brilliant start as openers Saleem A Rahim and Akbar Rana shared a 142-run partnership for the opening wicket. Saleem hit 52 from 42 deliveries with eight boundaries. Earlier, winning the toss Tuskers began well through their openers Ashwaq Ahmad and Akash Devkumar putting on 50 runs. While Ashwaq made 23 from 16 balls including two boundaries and a six, Akash hit a 27-ball 29 with the help of three boundaries. Mansour Ghauri and Zeeshan Mushtaq then put on a century partnership for the third wicket. Zeeshan hit 42 while Mansour cracked an unbeatenv 58 not-out to help Tuskers post 191 for three in 20 overs. Akbar Rana of UCT who scored 188 runs in the tournament bagged the best batsman award while the best bowler award went to Jude Perera of Singha CC. Player of the tournament award was bagged by Zeeshan Mushtaq of Tuskers for his 257 in four matches. Brief scores: UCT Sharjah bt Sealine Tuskers by 7 wickets. UCT: 191 for 3 in 20 overs (Ashwaq Ahmad 23, Akash Devkumar 29, Mansour Ghauri 58n.o, Zeeshan Mushtaq 42). UCT: 193 for 3 in 20 overs (Saleem A Rahim 52, Ali Akbar Rana 115n.o). Man of the match: Ali Akbar Rana Individual awards: Best Batsman: Ali Akbar Rana, Best Bowler: Jude Perera, Player of the tournament: Zeeshan Mushtaq. More from More UAE Sport Sonka clinches maiden title in Abu Dhabi
Kerber looking to regain top spot in Dubai
Olaroiu challenges Al Ahli to step up
Al Jazira tame Bani Yas to extend lead
SALT LAKE CITY—The father of a 12-year-old Utah boy who was found severely malnourished in a feces-strewn bathroom was charged with child abuse on Tuesday, a month after the child's mother was charged with locking him in the room for about a year.
The abuse was discovered after the 40-year-old man brought the boy to a hospital. But prosecutors say he recklessly endangered his son by failing to act before the child's weight dropped to just 30 pounds and delayed getting him medical care for hours after discovering him.
The child spent the last two Christmases in the bathroom, listening to family members open presents, prosecutor Angie Reddish-Day said.
The man lived at the house in the small southeastern Utah city of Toquerville while the boy was kept in the bathroom, though it's not clear how often he was there, she said.
The mother also worked to keep people away who asked about the boy, including his father, Reddish-Day said.
When I learned of Tom Petty‘s passing earlier this week, one of the first people I thought of was my friend George Murphy. Though I first met George through his band Scantron and his association with Low Cut Connie, I quickly found out about his skills as a multimedia master. One of the most recent projects that George and his team at Planet Ten worked on was the production of on-stage visuals for Tom Petty and the Heartbreakers' 40th anniversary tour.
In our chat, George describes his experience, from the pre-tour collaboration between his crew and Petty's, to candid moments with members of the band. He also recalls his visit to the band's personal archive and what it's like to work with an icon of American music.
Listen to my conversation with George Murphy below, and watch a compilation reel of visuals that Planet Ten produced for the final Heartbreakers tour:
Comments
Categorized Under:
Tags: George Murphy
NEW YORK, Dec 11 (APP):A senior member of the Trump administration has said that women who accuse President Donald Trump of sexual harassment or assault “should be heard.”
Nikki Haley, the US Ambassador to the United Nations, appeared on CBS-TV's ‘Face the Nation' news programme on Sunday at the end of a week in which two Democrats and one Republican in Congress resigned due to alleged sexual misconduct.
She was asked how the public should assess the long list of women who have accused the president in similar terms.
“Women who accuse anyone should be heard. They should be heard and they should be dealt with,” Haley added.
“And I think we heard from them prior to the election. And I think any woman who has felt violated or felt mistreated in any way, they have every right to speak up,” she said.
Haley, a former governor who is of Indian ancestry, said “the time has come” to bring “a conscience” to the way women are treated in the United States.
Analysts call her comments a surprising break from the assertion by the administration that the allegations are simply unfounded and that voters dismissed them when they elected Trump.
More than a dozen women have accused Trump of unwanted sexual advances, including forcible kissing or groping.
Spokeswoman Sarah Huckabee Sanders has said that the White House's position is that the women are lying and that the American people settled the issue by electing Trump despite the accusations.
Press reports say there is growing concern within the administration that the president may not escape renewed scrutiny at a time when a number of powerful men have been forced to step down because of sexual impropriety.
Weeks before the presidential election last November, The Washington Post released a tape in which Trump boasted about how he sexually assaulted women because he was powerful.
The Access Hollywood tape triggered a wave of allegations against Trump. But the president in recent weeks has cast doubt on the authenticity of the 2005 tape, despite publicly acknowledging last year that, “I said it, I was wrong, and I apologize.”
Some of the women who first accused Trump during the presidential campaign have expressed a renewed desire to press their case.
The president, however, has so far escaped the fallout relatively unscathed. He has used Twitter to mock others accused of sexual misconduct, including Democratic Senator Al Franken, who announced his resignation last week.
Two lawmakers in the House of Representatives, Democratic Congressman John Conyers and Republican Congressman Trent Franks, have also stepped down over allegations of crude sexual behaviour.
Congressional Republicans have been sharply divided over how to respond to the case of Roy Moore, the Senate candidate in Alabama, who has been accused of molesting a teenage girl and pursuing other teenagers decades ago.
Trump has officially endorsed Moore, calling the allegations against him “troubling” but stressing that he is needed in the Senate to advance the Republican agenda.
© BMJ Case Reports
Braces are a pain - literally
Ever hear of 'Rapunzel syndrome'?
© Lincolnshire Live / BPM Media
An autopsy later revealed that Beever had suffering from peritonitis, which occurs when the thin membrane that covers the abdominal wall is inflamed, which is typically due to a fungal or bacterial infection. Beever's case was caused by the infected hairball in her stomach, and eventually led to a burst ulcer that caused her organs to shut down.
Some people are full of sh*t - 13kgs of it
© Shanghai Tenth People's Hospital
Man gets $870, 000 after doctors remove wrong testicle
It's all fun and games until someone get 'Seal Finger'
© iStock
If left untreated, the infection could turn severe and even lead to a loss of fingers or limbs. It wasn't clear what treatment the girl had been receiving, or if she was ever diagnosed with it.
...
Seal finger is caused by several types of Mycoplasma bacteria that are found in the mouths of sea mammals. If left untreated, the infection could turn severe, and even lead to a loss of fingers or limbs.
"If any member of our animal care team receives a bite from a seal or sea lion, they take a letter from our vet with them to the hospital, which explains that the infection is resistant to some antibiotics," Lancaster told ABC News.
Bringing new meaning to the phrase "Blood, Sweat and Tears"
© Reuters
The women told doctors she suffered major depression and panic disorder because of the condition and became "socially isolated." She has no history of psychosis, the report said.
The doctors floated different theories on what caused the condition, including factitious disorder, when someone would deceive others by appearing sick. However, she continued to spontaneously bleed after she was prescribed paroxetine and clonazepam for her depression and anxiety order.
They ultimately concluded she had hematohidrosis, an uncommon disease that would cause "spontaneous discharge of 'blood sweat' through intact skin." Blood can also come out of areas that don't have sweat glands.
It's still unclear what causes the "blood sweat." Dr. Michelle Sholzberg, co-director of the Hemophilia Comprehensive Care program at St. Michael's Hospital, told CBC News the case is the "most unusual."
"I can say with clarity that I've never seen a case like this - ever," Sholzberg told CBC News. "And I can say that I've seen some of the worst bleeding disorders, and I've never seen them sweat blood."
Sleeping Beauty - mystery illness causes boy to sleep for 10 days
Wyatt was eventually given medication typically used to treat seizures, which helped to wake him, but they still can't figure out what caused him to fall into such a deep sleep. He's also having trouble walking and talking, WDRB reported.
"[The doctors] said, 'We'll probably never know, but we're just going to treat him now with rehab to get him better,'" Shaw said, adding that her son is still recovering in the hospital.
Woman accused of trying to kill niece with poisoned breast milk
© Allen County Sheriff's Department
Rodriguez-Miranda was allegedly upset that her mother had invited her brother, his baby and his fiance to stay with them longer than she had expected. Her mother reportedly read the texts and intercepted the bottles before informing police, prompting Rodriguez-Miranda to express frustration that the baby was still living.
Insurance company send denial of coverage letter to a 9-month-old with brain cancer
© GoFundMe
The 9-month-old son of a retired NYPD officer allegedly received a letter from the family's insurance company recently, explaining that the clinical trial he was enrolled in to treat aggressive brain cancer was "not medically necessary," and therefore would not be covered by the provider.
The family's plight began two months ago when Connor Richardson, then 7 months old, was diagnosed with a teratoid rhabdoid tumor, The Daily Beast reported. He underwent two major surgeries at Stony Brook University Hospital in New York to remove the tumor, but follow-up exams at St. Jude Children's Research Hospital in Memphis discovered the tumor had returned and the cancer spread to his spine.
While St. Jude provides free care to its patients, Richardson's father, Wayne, told The Daily Beast that they were shocked to receive a letter from HIP health insurance dated Oct. 11 and addressed to their baby. Wayne said the first thing he noticed at the top of the alleged letter were the notes "Type of Review: Prospective" and "Type of Denial: Medical Necessity."
Woman's brain is leaking out the back of her skull
© SWNS
Sarah Gearing, 40, has Ehlers Danlos Syndrome, which causes her body's connective tissues to collapse, meaning that her joints frequently fall apart. The condition is currently causing her brain to drop out of her skull, and she is in need of $170,000 for a 10-hour operation to fix it.
Her brain has slipped 7-mm out of place and is prventing fluid from circulating between the brain and spine. The condition also causes chronic pain, both physical and mental, and has left her joints so loose that when she sneezes her ribs dislocate.
NSW Liberal Democratic Senator David Leyonhjelm says the Murray Darling Basin Plan is the result of 1 per cent science and 99pc politics and SA has the worst understanding of its water sharing reforms.
In a Senate speech last week during debate a motion demanding an independent judicial inquiry into recent allegations of water theft linked to the Basin Plan, raised on the ABC Four Corners program, Senator Leyonhjelm hit out at overt politicisation of the underlying issues.
His views were also underlined in a strongly worded opinion article penned for Fairfax Media published last week.
“The Millennium Drought, the longest and most severe drought for a hundred years, prompted panic about climate change and led some to conclude that drought was the new normal, water would always be scarce and the environment was facing catastrophe,” he said.
“Sensible people knew, and others found out, that droughts always end.
“That occurred in 2010/11 with widespread flooding, recovery of wetlands, birds breeding enthusiastically, frogs and fish proliferating, and the cycle of life resuming as it has for thousands of years. Dorothea Mackellar's Australia, ‘a land of droughts and flooding rains', was never better demonstrated.
“However, during the drought a plan was devised, first by the Howard government and then by Rudd, to remove water from agriculture in order to ‘save' the environment.
“The Water Act was introduced which required the development of a plan to manage water in the Murray Darling Basin.
“Its details were negotiated by Labor against a background of panic over the drought, state bickering over water sharing and the threat to Labor from the Greens.
“The result was 1pc science and 99pc politics.”
Senator Leyonhjelm said the Basin Plan called for the return of 2750 gigalitres of water to the environment with a further 450GLs to be returned subject to certain conditions.
He said since it began in 2012, water rights had been purchased from farmers in Queensland, NSW and Victoria, plus a small quantity from SA.
In the last parliament, he chaired a Senate inquiry into the Basin Plan's impacts with the Committee finding that the loss of irrigation water was hurting rural communities and farms no longer grew irrigated crops like fruit or pasture.
“They required far fewer inputs and generated far less income,” he said.
“Workers had lost their jobs and moved away.
“Regional communities had fewer schoolchildren and volunteer firefighters and customers in local shops.”
But Senator Leyonhjelm said the inquiry also found out that there was “a very poor understanding of the plan”.
“Many people had an almost religious belief that the environment simply needs water, irrespective of whether it's in the right place at the right time or in the right quantities,” he said.
“It was even worse in South Australia.”
Senator Leyonhjelm said SA's “outrage” over allegations that water was being misappropriated from the Darling and Barwon rivers in NSW, as aired on ABC, was “ridiculous, given that these rivers often run dry and only about 6pc of the water in these two rivers ever gets to SA.
“Perhaps the most disturbing aspect of the inquiry was hearing how 900GLs of water taken from productive agriculture in Victoria and NSW evaporate in Lake Alexandrina and Lake Albert in SA,” he said.
“If Lake Alexandrina was allowed to remain open to the sea and subject to tidal influences rather than being kept closed by man-made barrages, it could be seawater that evaporates and not fresh water.
“Preserving an artificial environment at the expense of farming and rural communities seems very poor public policy.
“The Murray-Darling Basin Plan was conceived in panic and is seriously flawed. Its intentions are laudable, but it is not Holy Writ.
“There's enormous scope for improvement.”
Site Related Log in Feed this news on your website Register
News Board Options Previous Post Next Post Comment on this Article Return Home Translate
Follow us on Social Media
Polls
RAW
Smackdown
View Results Loading ... Loading ... Polls Archive WWE SmackDown Report – 6/13 Share this article: 0 votes Tonight's WWE SmackDown opens up with the normal intro video.
We're live from the Smoothie King Center in New Orleans with Tom Phillips, JBL and Byron Saxton. They welcome us and hype tonight's show, the final episode before Money In the Bank.
Polls
RAW
Smackdown
View Results Loading ... Loading ... Polls Archive Follow us on Social Media
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Tony Craig was offered a one-year deal to remain at Millwall next season, but chose to join Bristol Rovers as he seeks first team football.
The move to Rovers is Craig's first outside of London in his 15-year playing career, and Rovers boss Darrell Clarke spoke glowingly about the attributes the 32-year-old will bring to the club and his desire to play matches.
Craig was a key part of Millwall's League One promotion winning side last season, and played 57 matches, including one against Rovers when he scored a vital goal which secured a play-off place.
But this season he has found games harder to come by at the New Den, but it is testament to his professionalism and character that Lions manager Neil Harris still saw enough in Craig to offer him another year in the Championship.
Clarke also praised Criag's decision to leave London and seek out a new challenge at this time in his career, a move which suggests he is serious about contributing at Rovers.
"Getting somebody's of Tony's experience is great," said Clarke.
"You've got to bear in mind his family lives something like 20 minutes away from Millwall.
"They offered him another year for next year as well, but he wants to come and play regularly and be a part of what we're trying to build here.
"That for me, is fantastic business."
Craig not only brings on-field experience but could also develop into a fine coach. He is currently studying for his coaching A licence.
"We lost the likes of Mansell, McChrystal, Easter, Lawrence," explained Clarke.
"Experienced boys who had good careers. I thought we were lacking that a bit at times this season, especially on a bit of a bad run.
"Certainly when you come from Millwall, he's not going to be mentally weak, he's a Millwall fan as well.
"He's certainly what's required, a lot more communicating in my backline as well.
The average daily rate at hotels in Abu Dhabi dropped significantly by 10 per cent to Dh465.80 in January compared to a year earlier, while the revenue per available room – a key industry metric commonly known as RevPAR, declined by 11.2 per cent to Dh345.68.
Kyle Larson celebrates winning the NASCAR Cup Series auto race in Brooklyn, Mich. (Photo: Paul Sancya, AP)
Brooklyn, Mich. — Kyle Larson made the move of the race off a final restart with two laps remaining in the overtime session and went on to win the Pure Michigan 400 Sunday afternoon at Michigan International Speedway.
It was Larson's third straight win at MIS, earning his first career victory at the two-mile superspeedway last August, then getting the clean sweep of the two races this summer in his No. 42 Target Chevrolet.
Points leader Martin Truex was going after his series-high fifth win of the season in his No. 78 Denver Mattress Toyota and his Furniture Row teammate, Michigan native Erik Jones trying to earn his first career win.
Truex, who had led 57 laps, came away with the lead off a restart with 10 laps remaining, but still needing the perfect restart a second time after Michael McDowell crashed, leading to a red flag to clean oil off the track with four laps left.
PURE MICHIGAN 400 FINAL RESULTS
When the race resumed with an overtime format, drivers went four wide with Larson, who started in the second row right behind Truex, making his way between Truex and Jones to take the lead and went on to win his third race of the season.
Truex finished second, followed by Jones.
“I can't believe it happened,” said Larson, who led just two laps, obviously the most important ones of the race. “We were struggling all day, wasn't as good as we had been (in other wins at MIS), but persevered. He (car owner Chip Ganassi) said something about going three-wide on the restart and I said, ‘Yes, that's one of my options, for sure.'
“I was running a few through my head (possible restart scenarios during red flag scene) and that was one of them, to try and get a good run and get into his inside to slow him down and clear him between 1 and 2. That was one of the most perfect restarts of my life. I lost a lot on late restarts, but to get one from the second row makes up for a few of them.”
It was a huge win for Larson since he struggled during the previous three races, finishing 28th in the Brickyard 400, 33rd at Pocono and 23rd in the road course race at Watkins Glen.
And, Larson had a busy weekend to get the job done, qualifying ninth Friday, then traveling to Knoxville, Tenn., Saturday to compete in the Knoxville Nationals winged, 410-cubic inch engine sprint car race where he placed second, returning to Brooklyn just before 3 a.m.
“What a kid, the way he's driving right now,” said Ganassi of Larson. “He was in Knoxville last night, got here in the middle of the night and got some rest. I said, 'Are you sure you can do this?' and he said yes. He's just an incredible driver. We didn't have the best car, but he just hung in there."
The driver agreed.
“It's been an incredible week, definitely a week I'll never forget," Larson said.
It'll be a race Truex will try to forget. He felt he gave the race away on the final restart.
“We got beat fair and square,” Truex said. “That's the way it goes sometimes. Double-file restarts are tricky and I had good restarts all day I felt like, and we had that red flag for the first time and really just sat there while I got the tires cold and then only had one lap to come to the green and get some heat back in them, and I just struggled getting going, just spun the tires. I didn't really expect it because I hadn't had any trouble with that all day.
“It's just one of them things that happens. Like I said again, the double-file restarts are tricky, and sometimes you do them right, sometimes you screw them up, and unfortunately, I screwed the one up that mattered the most today. I did everything right, it just caught me by surprise, because like I said I hadn't spun the tires all day long, did not expect to have an issue with it and when I did there was nothing I could do. It's just my screw up gave him the win basically.”
Jones, Truex's teammate, visualized a Furniture Row 1-2 finish with the only question of whom the winner would be … before Larson spoiled the party.
“It was looking like a Furniture Row one-two, kind of either way it was going to play out, so just didn't work out the way we wanted it to,” said Jones, who then talked about the final restart. “I just couldn't get going. I was spinning my tires. The 20 (Matt Kenseth) got to the bottom of me and the 42 (Larson) was to the right of me. I saw them both getting runs and kind of had to pick one or the other and picked wrong, and the 42 went up the middle and was able to go by both of us.”
Larson became just the third driver to win three straight races at MIS, joining Hall of Famers David Pearson (1972-73) and Bill Elliott (1985-86).
Ryan Newman finished fourth, followed by Trevor Bayne.
Pole sitter Brad Keselowski, a native of Rochester Hills, finished 17th despite leading a race-high 105 laps. Dale Earnhardt Jr. finished 14th in his final race at MIS, announcing his retirement earlier this year.
"The team did a good job," Keselowski said. "We executed in qualifying and all of those things, and we really made the most out of everything we had today. It just didn't come out our way.
"It just didn't come together there at the end, but it was nice to lead a bunch of laps, but the way it played out I ended up getting the bottom lane on the restarts and getting absolutely swallowed. We tried."
Keselowski is locked into the playoffs, owning two wins, but is still winless at MIS in 17 Monster Cup starts.
david.goricki@detroitnews.com
twitter/DavidGoricki
The criminal case on the fact of the bigamy of ex-mufti Chubak Azhi Zhalilov will not be instituted. The Bishkek Central Internal Affairs Directorate informed 24.kg news agency.
According to the department, the police carried out a check, interrogated Chubak azhi Zhalilov, but found no grounds for bringing him to criminal liability. As the Central Internal Affairs Directorate explained, law enforcement agencies received no statements from the allegedly second spouse of the former mufti.
The statement of the first and official wife of Chubak azhi Zhalilov Gulnur is still being considered, and no decision has been made yet. In it the woman has informed, that the spouse threatens her and children with murder.
Luton boss Nathan Jones hopes his side can set their own record for away clean sheets at Fratton Park this afternoon.
The Hatters recently equalled a club milestone of four successive leagues shut outs on their travels in the Football League, dating back some 80 years to the 1930s.
You have to press for 90 minutes, you have to work hard, stop things, defend set plays, have to go with runners. Nathan Jones
They have gone 371 minutes without conceding since Leyton Orient's Ollie Palmer netted on October 15 and Jones wants to continue their miserly nature against Portsmouth in Luton's first game of 2017.
He said: “I am pleased, I hope that turns into fives and sixes and sevens now.
“We work hard and it's a team thing not just a back four, a keeper.
“All those are contributory factors, but it's a work ethic that we have.
“We defend from the front. The likes of Danny (Hylton) whose relentless in his work-rate, coupled with Jack (Marriott) and Isaac (Vassell who have been in.
“We work hard on our structure at defending, defend the box, have a good goalkeeper, so we're very pleased because it takes so much to get a clean sheet.
“It's not just are your defenders good defenders? It takes so much and you have to press for 90 minutes, you have to work hard, stop things, defend set plays, have to go with runners.
“They all do it, so I'm very pleased with that.”
On the challenge faced when Town head to the south coast, Jones, who saw Luton lost 3-1 to Portsmouth in November, continued: “It's a big game, a big game.
“We had a wonderful game here against them, a very tight game, tighter than the scoreline showed.
“They've got the quality to hurt you when they get opportunities. I went to watch them (at Yeovil) and they have the quality, but we go there in good form and we look forward to the game.”
The Luton chief is hopeful that defender Alan Sheehan will be fit to take his part in the visitors defence, after he went off during the second half against Barnet on New Year's Eve.
However, Dan Potts has little chance of making the trip to Pompey, suffering a recurrence of his previous injury as the Luton boss added: “It's unfortunate for him as he just tweaked it again, so we'll have to find out what he did.
“Sheehan was a precaution as he's been out for a little while and we need to make sure he doesn't have an extended spell on the sidelines.
“That's why we brought him off as it gives me the option to have him available (for Pompey), so no problem.”
Luton won't want the popular Irishman fit just for his defending either, as it was Sheehan who broke the deadlock against the Bees, curling in a glorious free kick from 25 yards.
It was also the first goal scored by a player other than Danny Hylton and Cameron McGeehan in the league at Kenilworth Road since September 24, as McGeehan himself added: “Sheezy has got a great free kick on him.
“It's the second time he's scored from one this season, so he's on them, he whips them in and we know he's got that quality.
“There were a couple of other good goals and that helps take the pressure off the team when Sheehan and Gills (Alex Gilliead) pop up with a few goals.
“It's been just me and Hylts really, obviously Jack's (Marriott) picked up and been getting the goals recently, so it's good for everyone to chip in with them.”
Beirut
A bomb attack has hit the coastal Syrian city of Tartus, killing at least two security officers, as a countrywide ceasefire enters its third day Sunday.
Two bombers set off their explosives after being stopped by security forces in Tartus, the capital of a western province of the same name, Syria's state television reported early Sunday.
The report added that several others, including civilians, were also injured in the attack, without providing more details.
The city, which hosts a Russian naval base, has remained mostly unaffected by the 2011-present militancy, which has killed hundreds of thousands and displaced millions more.
Back in May, however, Tartus witnessed a surprise surge in terror attacks that claimed scores of lives.
The latest attack happened despite the countrywide ceasefire, which came into effect on Friday on the back of negotiations between Russia and Turkey.
Russia has been lending air power to Syria's counterterrorism operations since last September.
At the talks, it was representing the Syrian government, while Turkey, which has been supporting the militants in favor of ousting Syrian President Bashar al-Assad, was negotiating on their behalf.
The ceasefire was later ratified in a UN Security Council resolution.—Agencies
With Josh McCown sidelined the rest of the season with a fractured left hand, the New York Jets have named Bryce Petty their new starting quarterback. A few thoughts on what this means for Petty and the Jets:
1. Let's talk big picture. For Petty, it's probably his last shot to show the organization he's worthy of being part of the future -- if not as the starter, then as a backup. He received a late-season audition in 2016, but he played poorly and couldn't finish the assignment because of a season-ending shoulder injury in Week 16. This is his third year; it's time to show something.
2. Petty still hasn't won the trust of coach Todd Bowles, who, in case you haven't figured it out, prefers his quarterbacks to be seasoned. Asked Monday if Petty has made strides since last year, Bowles said, "I don't know. Mentally, I know he has come a long way. He's learned a lot from Josh, just standing on the sideline, him and [Christian Hackenberg]. Until he plays physically, we won't know that answer."
Bryce Petty figures to have some chemistry issues with his receivers, as he hasn't had many reps with them. David Hahn/Icon Sportswire
3. Petty figures to have chemistry issues with the receivers, simply because he hasn't had a chance to play or practice with them. Unlike Hackenberg, he received no first-team reps in the preseason. Once the season began, Petty and Hackenberg yielded to McCown, who received the vast majority of the practice reps and didn't miss a game rep until Sunday in Denver. Petty has shared some success with Robby Anderson -- their connection dates to training camp, 2016 -- so maybe he can rekindle that relationship.
4. This will be Petty's first real shot to play in a West Coast offense, a quarterback-friendly system that should create easy reads for him. That has been Petty's hang-up, knowing where to go with the ball. He's a product of the Baylor system, a fast-paced attack that doesn't require the quarterback to think on his feet. The transition has been difficult for Petty, who swears by the West Coast system. On Sunday, he struggled in 21 snaps (2-for-9, 14 yards) after replacing McCown, but he should be better with a week of practice. Bowles said, "He's been taking notes on the sideline."
5. The Jets will miss McCown's leadership dearly. Center Wesley Johnson said McCown became the team leader on the first day of the offseason program, when he organized a players-only practice. Bowles said of McCown, "His leadership meant a lot from the time he walked in the door, always doing the right thing and saying the right thing and helping everybody on the team ... not to mention the fact that he made plays on the field that helped us out and wound everybody up, especially the new receivers." Petty can't replace McCown from an intangible standpoint.
6. You might want to wish Petty some luck; he'll need it. The Jets' final opponents -- New Orleans Saints, Los Angeles Chargers and New England Patriots -- are ranked No. 11, No. 2 and No. 4 in scoring defense, respectively.
7. Can Mr. August become Mr. December? Petty kills the preseason. Over three summers, he has completed 91 of 149 passes (61 percent) for 1,167 yards, seven touchdowns and two interceptions -- roughly the equivalent of four full games. His most notable performance came last August, when he nearly rallied the Jets from a 29-3 deficit against the New York Giants. A knee injury forced him out of the game with the Jets trailing 32-25, and they wound up losing 32-31. Unfortunately for Petty, he has played almost exclusively with backups in the preseason, creating doubt about his ability to do it against starting-caliber competition.
Rob Zombie and Marilyn Manson will bring their shock rock shenanigans to the Xfinity Theatre in Hartford this summer.
The pair is set to co-headline the Xfinity Theatre on Aug. 11 at 7 p.m. Tickets for the show are on sale beginning Saturday, March 24 at 20 a.m. through Live Nation at livenation.com and by calling Ticketmaster at (800) 745-3000.
The Zombie and Manson tour was also part of Live Nation's "Ticket to Rock" package that provides tickets to four separate summer concerts at Xfinity Theatre.
Zombie is a Haverhill, MA native who founded metal band White Zombie before a successful solo career as a musician, producer, and film director.
Manson was one of the stars of 90s metal with his hit releases "Antichrist Superstar" and "Mechanical Animals."
Formula One rolls into Baku, but will it be a Ricciardo repeat or the favourites back on top? (0:30)
Red Bull boss Christian Horner has given Australian F1 ace Daniel Ricciardo until August to re-sign or the team will begin looking elsewhere. The Red Bull boss' demands follow revelations the 28-year-old has been in negotiations with Italian giants Ferrari.
Six-time Grand Prix winner Ricciardo has become the hottest free agent on the Formula One circuit following his victory in China 10 days ago.
"We do not want to wait forever. We have other good options," Horner told German magazine Auto Motor Und Sport. "There should be a decision by the summer (August) break at the latest."
Editor's Picks Ricciardo still not convinced RBR is best '19 option Daniel Ricciardo says Sunday's Chinese Grand Prix victory alone is not enough to convince him to stay at Red Bull next season.
Grosjean exclusive: 'If you give me the car, I can win' Romain Grosjean talks to ESPN about why he should be a race winner, the importance of experience, his decision to sign with Haas and the reason why he's enjoying Formula One now more than ever. 1 Related
Horner said the team wants Ricciardo to stay at Red Bull but if it didn't happen they would look elsewhere.
"Our priority is to continue working with Daniel. If that does not work, we'll pull the other options," Horner said. "The most obvious is Carlos Sainz. He is under contract with us. And then there are a few young drivers," he said.
Ricciardo is believed to have begun talks with Ferrari, with both parties locked into negotiations until June 30, according to Motorsport magazine. Reigning champions Mercedes are also reportedly interested.
Ricciardo has previously said he does not want his next Formula One contract to tie him down. Instead of the usual four-year-deal, Ricciardo said he wants a two-year contract due to the uncertainty over the sport's future direction.
Formula One's current engine regulations last only to the end of 2020, when team agreements also expire, and the sport is deciding how the future should look and what kind of engines will be used.
Ferrari have already warned that they could walk away if they do not like what is on offer.
"Each year something might change so I don't want to tie myself down for four more years and then I'm like, 'I don't want to do this anymore," Ricciardo told The Times.
Meanwhile, Mercedes have yet to announce a new deal for four-time world champion Lewis Hamilton, who is also out of contract at the end of this season.
"The old saying in the NBA, and it's so true, is you never know a player until you coach them," Clifford said. "I'm going to start to try and establish the right kind of relationships with these guys tomorrow, or tonight. I want to be able to impact each one of these guys in the right way."
Clifford was ousted in Charlotte after a front-office shakeup. Owner Michael Jordan fired general manager Rich Cho and eventually hired Mitch Kupchak to replace him in April. Kupchak fired Clifford not long afterward.
The Hornets went to the playoffs twice in Clifford's five seasons, never winning a series.
"The NBA isn't about winning — the NBA is about winning in the playoffs," Clifford said at the end of Charlotte's season.
Clifford is coming to a franchise that has lost more games than any NBA club over the past six years, 335. That's four more than Philadelphia, a franchise that was openly tanking for years before turning things around this season.
The Magic weren't tanking. They've just been bad.
Orlando hasn't had longer than a five-game winning streak at any time over the last six seasons. But over that same span, the Magic have had 23 losing streaks of at least five games. On their way to a 25-57 record that left them 18 games out of a playoff spot, the Magic had two seven-game slides and two other nine-game skids.
Since Van Gundy left, the Magic have gone through a series of resets.
There have been 62 players in uniform over the last six seasons — none an All-Star while in Orlando — and now five coaches. Van Gundy was replaced by Jacque Vaughn, who was let go after 2 1/2 seasons and replaced on an interim basis by James Borrego. Scott Skiles then took over for one year, and Vogel ran things the last two seasons.
Weltman said Clifford is the one who can stop the revolving-door look to the coach's office.
"I think it's crucial," Weltman said. "Fifth coach in seven years, it's very important that we start to establish our identity and be able to build on something that doesn't get turned over every season."
Women and men have walked on the moon multiple times, the likelihood of people living on Mars looks less and less like the plot of a sci-fi novel, and self-driving cars are an actual reality. Yet, amongst all these amazing feats of human endeavour, the world is still sadly without one of mankind's most famed achievements — Cadbury's Dream bar. But, I have good news. The dark days without the irresistible, creamy white chocolate bar may finally be coming to an end because it's coming back to British soil. Well, kinda. I can already here the "Where can I buy Cadbury's Dream?" question forming in your mind, so let me fill you in.
Sanza, an online food retailer that ships in products from countries where Dream is still available, is selling the bars in the UK. But they're not exactly cheap. The creamy white chocolate will set you back a steep £1.80 for a 50g bar and a whopping £5.45 for the 200g version. It has been said that you can't put a price on happiness, but apparently, you can, and it starts at just under £2.
By the way, after having a browse, I've discovered that Sanza is a veritable treasure trove of rare treats and hard to find snacks. Shoppers can also find the Cadbury Caramello Kaola (basically, a pretentious caramel Freddo), a tiramisu flavoured Kit-Kat, and in my opinion, the best thing to ever come out of Australia, Tim Tam biscuits. In three flavours, no less.
The only flaw in the plan is that postage comes in at just under £4 which makes the Dream bars in particular more of an investment than an impulse buy. Aside from moving to South Africa, New Zealand, or Australia, which has yet to be ruled out completely, the most economical way to bring the Cadbury's Dream back to British customers may be to bulk buy, thus lowering the price of each individual bar. Or it may be time for another petition to bring this issue to the Government's attention.
Dream bars were originally brought onto the market in 2002 but due to low sales they were discontinued only a few years later. Look, if time could be turned back, obviously things would be done differently. Sometimes you don't know what you had until it's gone and the somber period the UK and Ireland entered after the fateful day the bar was no longer available was one of the bleakest in history.
As history became separated into Pre-Cadbury's Dream and Post-Cadbury's Dream, a silence descended upon chocolate fans, who were now forced to choose between second-string white chocolate bars. Most, it is believed, would rather go without. Just check out the tweets above.
Thus started a quiet revolution as the people vowed to bring the Cadbury's Dream back to British shops. No longer would they have to settle for less. The power of the people manifested in multiple petitions to reinstate the favoured treat, with one such petition making an emotional call to those who have the power to make a difference. "We all miss them and no ones doing anything about it. We want them back and we want them NOW!!"
Nostalgia Duck on YouTube
Today, more than a decade later, the Cadbury's Dream has resurfaced. Though it still isn't as easy to find as it was in its glorious heyday, those who know where to look will be able to get their hands on one. While the finer details are worked out, one of the original TV ads for arguably the greatest chocolate bar ever is still available to pore over (you can watch the clip above). In the meantime, start saving up and spreading the word, the more man power behind this worthy cause, the sooner it is Cadbury's Dream bars could be back in UK shops.
Another Brexit bump: Microsoft has increased the cost of its Surface Book laptops for UK consumers.
The company had already made changes to certain of its enterprise products following the impact of the UK's June referendum vote to leave the European Union on pound sterling. But the precipitous fall in the value of the UK's currency has now moved Microsoft to rework some of its consumer price-tags too.
A tipster called Nic pointed us to the Surface Book price rises, noting the laptops have increased by £150 across the board — with the base model now costing £1449 vs the prior price-tag of £1,299. So a rise of 11.5 per cent, in that instance.
A spokeswoman for Microsoft confirmed it has raised some consumer prices, telling TechCrunch: “In response to a recent review we are adjusting the British pound prices of some of our hardware and consumer software in order to align to market dynamics.”
She added that the price changes — which came into effect today — only affect products and services purchased by individuals, or organisations without volume licensing contracts.
“For indirect sales where our products and services are sold through partners, final prices will continue to be determined by them,” she added.
Happily for our tipster he bought his chosen Surface Book — the i5, 256GB model — earlier in the week, before the price rises took effect.
“I was considering waiting for the new i7 with performance base that's due soon, decided it probably wasn't worth it,” he said, adding: “Glad I went for it when I did! Definitely wouldn't have bought it at the prices now (even with discount) especially as a new version is probably due sometime this year.”
Microsoft is by no means the only electronics maker inflating consumer prices in the wake of the Brexit vote. Yesterday audio kit maker Sonos bumped up its prices by up to 25 per cent, while Apple raised Mac prices by up to 25 per cent in October. It also increased the price of iOS apps by the same percentage in January.
Expect plenty more such Brexit price bumps coming down the pipe.
Hosting President Emmanuel Macron of France at the White House, Trump again assailed the agreement sealed by his predecessor as a “terrible deal” but said he could agree to “a new deal” negotiated by U.S. and European officials if it was strong enough.
He made no commitment, however, leaving it open whether he will pull out of the agreement by a May 12 deadline.
Trump signaled more optimism about a possible accord with North Korea in advance of a summit meeting anticipated to take place by early June. He even praised its leader, Kim Jong-un, in unusually positive terms.
“We're having very, very good discussions,” Trump said. “Kim Jong-un, he really has been very open and I think very honorable from everything we're seeing.”
One of Macron's goals in visiting Washington was to persuade Trump not to scrap the Iran nuclear deal while U.S. and European negotiators seek to create side agreements intended to further restrain Tehran.
Negotiators have reached a consensus on how to punish Iran if it tests long-range ballistic missiles, but remain divided on extending the limits on its nuclear program beyond the expiration dates in the original agreement, according to people briefed on the discussions.
In his talks with Trump, Macron emphasized that, while imperfect, the Iran nuclear deal known as the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action, or JCPOA, should not be tossed aside but instead become one pillar of a broader agreement.
Iran's security chief warned Tuesday that his country would consider leaving the Nuclear Nonproliferation Treaty if Trump pulls out from the separate JCPOA, which Iran signed in 2015 with President Barack Obama and the leaders of five other major powers.
Iranian officials have been threatening to start enriching uranium if the United States torpedoes the 2015 nuclear agreement. According to the International Atomic Energy Agency, which monitors the agreement, Iran has not violated its terms.
This article originally appeared in The New York Times.
JULIE HIRSCHFELD DAVIS and PETER BAKER © 2018 The New York Times
Urban foxes living in the grounds of a hospital, where there were plans to cull them, have become so bold they now climb up fire escapes onto the roofs in search of food.
This remarkable video shows a fox frolicking on the skylight of a two-storey building – ironically enough the office of Carillion, the PFI company which manages the buildings and grounds.
Workers, both for the hospital and Carillion, said the foxes are getting bolder in their interactions with humans – and that includes squeezing under a gate and fence, climbing a two-storey fire escape and searching the roof for food.
Last Friday, the Bristol Post revealed hospital bosses had instructed a pest control company to dispatch the foxes, amid growing fears there were too many and they were getting too close to the open windows of the maternity unit.
That prompted an immediate backlash against those plans for a cull, with animal-lovers calling for the foxes to be moved but not killed.
Within a couple of hours, those calls prompted the North Bristol NHS Trust to have a rethink, and bosses agreed to ‘pause' the cull plans while it looked into the possibility of clearing out the foxes and having them moved to or by an animal rescue charity or sanctuary.
The hospital said it would be writing to staff and patients about the foxes, urging people to stop feeding them.
Animal-lover Louisa Smith, whose initial opposition to the cull went viral, said she had been contacted by members of staff at the hospital about foxes in another part of the hospital getting up onto the roof of Carillion's own offices, on the other side of the hospital from the maternity unit.
“The foxes have over time worked out how to climb the steps to get up there,” she said. “They sneak under a gate to get to the steps. I have been assured the glass is of treble thickness so cannot be damaged by the foxes.
“The staff in the office love watching them and think they get up there as they can smell the take aways they eat through an air vent,” she added.
Ms Smith said she and other animal rights campaigners were planning a demonstration at the hospital to continue the pressure on the authorities at the hospital not to cull the foxes.
“We are also planning a peaceful demonstration as I have been bombarded with messages from patients, staff and local residents who are outraged, and want to make sure the foxes are not harmed in any way,” she added.
A petition has also been launched calling on the hospital not to kill the foxes.
A spokeswoman for North Bristol NHS Trust confirmed on Friday no foxes have been killed yet. She said the problem had been getting worse, with one fox in particular causing concern.
“Foxes have lived peacefully on the site for a number of years,” she said.
“However, recently we have had more sightings of foxes particularly around our Maternity unit. To clarify, we contacted pest control because we are particularly concerned about one of the foxes who look like it may be unwell. The fox has become bolder in behaviour and is being sighted more regularly in public areas.
“So far we have contacted some alternative animal welfare organisations and we are pausing all existing activity while we consider their recommendations. We have also taken advice from them on how to deter foxes in future; one of their suggestions is that people on site do not feed the foxes. We will be sending out messaging to staff, patients and the public with this advice,” she added.
Images from Day 1 America's Cup Superyacht regatta
Classic and the new - Super yacht pursuit racing - 35th America's Cup - Bermuda - June 13, 2017 Richard Gladwell Classic and the new - Super yacht pursuit racing - 35th America's Cup - Bermuda - June 13, 2017 Richard Gladwell www.photosport.co.nz
by Richard Gladwell, Sail-World NZ today at 11:11 pmThe racing was held under the Pursuit Race system with the slowest competitors starting first. A variety of sailing vessels competed including the square rigged free standing rotating masts Maltese Falcon to the super maxi Leopard 3.
If you want to link to this article then please use this URL: www.sail-world.com/154614
After three long years, Kingsman: The Golden Circle is finally out and it's the bigger, crazier sequel we'd been hoping for. All the main cast returned for director Matthew Vaughan's first ever sequel, with Kingsman: The Golden Circle taking everything that was good about the first film and amplifying it.
Kingsman: The Golden Circle had an excellent opening weekend both globally and domestically, and it's remained at the top of the box office ever since. While so far there's no confirmation of a sequel, with its great earnings — as well as the general consensus from the cast — we can assume there will be a third installment. In fact, Vaughan spoke to Deadline about a third film even before The Golden Circle was released:
“Weirdly while we were writing Kingsman 2, we were thinking of Kingsman 3 as well, which is odd. We've got a big idea for that. This is sort of the bridge and if we can pull this off, we'll make another one.”
It sounds like Matthew Vaughan would be up for another sequel, and if he's already thinking of a third film then he must really love the Kingsman franchise! So, with the idea of a sequel being thrown around, let's discuss exactly what we can expect to see in Kingsman 3.
Warning: Kingsman: The Golden Circle spoilers throughout the rest of the article.
1. More Channing Tatum and Halle Berry
'Kingsman: The Golden Circle' [Credit: 20th Century Fox]
The promotional material for Kingsman: The Golden Circle made it seem like we'd see lots of Tequila (Channing Tatum) and Ginger (Halle Berry), but the film wasn't like this at all. Tequila was put in an induced sleep to save his life not long into the film, and Ginger only appeared every now and then.
In Kingsman 3, we're definitely going to be seeing a lot more of this American pair — especially because at the end of The Golden Circle, Tequila joined Kingsman and Ginger was renamed Whiskey, and promoted to the field for Statesman. This is nothing but good news seeing how funny the two were. Tatum's overamplified Americanness was a hilarious clash with the British humor of Kingsman, and Halle Berry's Ginger proved to be a breath of fresh air for the franchise with her cute naivety.
2. A Totally Different Eggsy
'Kingsman: The Secret Service' [Credit: 20th Century Fox]
Eggsy is a excellent character who has grown so much since the beginning of the first film — and that's only going to continue with the third movie. Director Matthew Vaughan even told Cinemablend that "Eggsy's definitely going to go on a new journey" in any future installments in the franchise.
At the end of Kingsman: The Golden Circle, we saw Eggsy get married to Princess Tilde, meaning Eggsy is now a prince! This will surely come with new responsibilities — and precautions. But whether that means he needs a more low-key role as a spy, or will have to quit Kingsman altogether is yet to be seen.
3. Harry Off The Field
'Kingsman: The Secret Service' [Credit: 20th Century Fox]
Harry Hart (Colin Firth) was one of the best spies #Kingsman had ever seen, but due to a critical injury in Kingsman: The Secret Service, Harry was never the same again. And in The Golden Circle we saw how his reflexes, sharpness and all-round talents had totally been diluted.
While not suggesting he'll be off the team in Kingsman 3, he'll likely be in a safer, more grounded position at Kingsman. With Ginger becoming the new Whiskey, this opens the position for a person on the other end of a spy operation, like Merlin. Harry Hart has so much experience as a Kingsman, so his knowledge is incomparable and after the death of Merlin there needs to be a new set of eyes and ears — enter Harry Hart.
4. More Statesman
'Kingsman: The Golden Circle' [Credit: 20th Century Fox]
In Kingsman: The Golden Circle, we're told how Statesman are a thriving and plentiful organisation, who've got tons of members across the US. In fact, the film only scratched the surface of the organization, showing us a handful of operatives and leaving lots of room for lots more actors to join in future films.
When they delve more into Statesman in Kingsman 3, we're going to need to see more spies who work for the US agency. This would be a great opportunity to see iconic American actors such as Matthew McConaughey, Woody Harrelson or Tom Cruise join the franchise, and add more big names to the already stacked cast (which includes five #Oscar winners!).
5. Other Spy Agencies
'Kingsman: The Golden Circle' [Credit: 20th Century Fox]
So far we've seen Kingsman from England and Statesman from America, but that still leaves various other big countries to expose their spy agencies. There could definitely be more secret spy agencies in the Kingsman universe in countries such as Australia, Russia and China.
These other spy agencies would open a variety of doors for a sequel, including cool new locations, interesting divides and of course, opportunities for awesome new actors. The Kingsman franchise is excellent at taking a country's stereotypes and blowing them up to completely exaggerated proportions. This would be great to see more of — maybe the Australian Kingsman could be stereotypical Aussies based in the outback, anything is possible!
With the amazing writing team that makes up the Kingsman franchise, anything is possible for the third film, but the five things above should be a given. And with Vaughan already warning that the threequel will be all about seeing our fave characters in surprising circumstance, we should be extremely excited. Kingsman 3 might be some time away, but at least we've got multiple viewings of The Golden Circle 'til then!
Let me know what you'd like to see in Kingsman 3
(Sources: Deadline, Cinemablend)
President Donald Trump has nominated former FCC commissioner Jessica Rosenworcel to rejoin the US federal telecom regulator, filling a seat made empty by... herself.
There are actually two empty seats on the five-person FCC board – one Democrat and one Republican – but uncharacteristically, Trump did not announce a Republican pick at the same time.
This suggests that the president intends for Rosenworcel to take over the seat of the current commissioner, Democrat Mignon Clyburn, whose term is officially over at the end of this month.
Although Rosenworcel is a strong advocate for net neutrality – going against both the president and the current FCC chair's agenda – she is more centrist than Clyburn. Most significantly, she took the cable industry's side in the effort to end the Great Cable Box Rip-Off by noting she had "concerns" over the proposed plan. Her opposition led to the proposal being abandoned.
Rosenworcel is a good pick, however. She is widely respected on both sides of the aisle and in telecom policy circles, so having her as a third, Democratic member of the FCC, failing to fill the other two seats, and keeping the current 2-1 Republican majority could be seen as a good outcome for Trump and Republicans.
Gotta love Congress
However, the irony is thick. The reason Rosenworcel is not currently an FCC commissioner is because Republicans in Congress blocked her re-nomination by failing to hold hearings.
Her term officially ended on June 30, 2016 but she had been formally approved for a second term by President Obama many months before. Republicans in the Senate dragged out her confirmation in an effort to force the early resignation of FCC chair Tom Wheeler.
When the election results came in and it became clear there would be a Republican president and a Republican majority Congress, Wheeler tried to broker that deal – his scalp for her renomination – but failed.
At that point, in a sign of the endless partisan game-playing in Congress, it was actually Democrats who blocked her renomination, referring to her role in blocking the cable box rip-off effort. The end of 2016 passed without her confirmation, so she was out.
Wheeler then resigned – as per tradition – so president Trump could pick a new FCC chair, but then Trump named existing Republican commissioner Ajit Pai as chair, leaving the five-person commission with just three commissioners. Now, assuming Senate Republicans don't find another reason to block her, Rosenworcel will be back.
Which is good in one sense – the premature cutting-off of her career in public service was seen as unfair by just about everyone – but the political calculation behind her nomination still leaves a nasty, partisan taste in the mouth. ®
Father's Day is a tricky holiday to shop for, because all of the dad gifts seem so cliché. Do you get him yet another tie? Do you splurge on cologne? Maybe get him a new basting brush for the grill? It's tough, but Lush is here to make it easier. Lush's Father Day collection is going to be the perfect thing to treat your pops to.
"From returning favorites to brand-new creations, you'll find the perfect treat that'll help him suds up, groom and dip into a little luxury," Lush promises. Right now there are 22 items to choose from, letting you tailor your gift depending on what your dad likes.
From soaps, to bath bombs, to beard oil and shower gel, there's something for everyone. Herbal, woodsy, and citrusy scents are going to take over his bathroom with this thoughtful collection, helping him get his beard just so and his skin right.
As always, all the products are vegan and cruelty-free, but now they're also completed naked, meaning they don't come with packaging! If you're trying to be a more responsible shopper and are taking steps to only shop with sustainable and eco-conscious brands, then Lush is here for you.
The collection is already available in-stores and online, so you can already start stocking up. Below are some of the options to get you planning your own gift combo.
Lush Superdad Bath Bomb $8.95 Lush Infused with sandalwood and olibanum oils, this will give dad's bath experience a subtly smoky-sweet scent. If your dad works hard all week and needs to recharge, this bath bomb is just the way to do it. And he'll love the Batman-like connotations with the design, where the bath bomb has a superhero comic book feel. Buy Now
Lush Dirty Springwash $9.95 Lush Providing pops with waste-free washes, this is a tingly, minty shower gel that's meant to feel like a cool dip in a mountain spring. Packed with spearmint and menthol, this is just the bar to reach for when he needs a wake-me-up early in the morning. Buy Now
Lush Moustachio Soap $5.95 Lush This is a fun one when you order online, because it's like a grab bag! The bar comes in three different colors — red, yellow, or blue — and you won't know which one will come in the mail. Exciting for everyone. This is the perfect gift for the no-fuss dad, who likes to just hop into the shower and get in and get out. A cocoa butter-mint scented soap, it will leave his skin soft without much work. Buy Now
Lush The Modfather Bubble Bar $5.95 Lush Riffing off of The Godfather, this bubble bar is packed with Brazilian orange oil and is just the thing to help your dad unwind. Shaped like a bulls eye, all he will have to do is crumble it underneath running water to create relaxing bubbles and silky water to repair his skin and help him let go. Buy Now
Lush No Trouble (With Beards And Stubble) $5.95 Lush This naked beard oil comes without any packaging, so your carbon footprint is lighter. For the father who rocks scruff or a beard, this product is a must. Made with silky illipe butter and cedarwood oil, it will not only tame his hairs but soften his skin. And if he doesn't have any scruff, no worries. This is a great, woodsy moisturizer. Buy Now
Lush Fun For All The Family Bubble Bar $7.95 Lush If you want to make dad feel extra special, get him this glittery, citrusy bath bomb. Shaped like a fidget spinner (and actually spins,) this is a reusable bubble bar that the whole family can enjoy. Just pop it under the water and watch your tub fill with sweet, orange-lime bubbles for the perfect treat-yourself evening. Buy Now
Lush Hair Custard $25.95 Lush This is an older, non-limited-edition product, which is why it's not naked and comes in a container. A vanilla scented leave-in treatment, it's packed with argan oil, fair trade organic cocoa butter, and softening honey to help tame frizz and soften hair. Perfect for the dad who loves his locks. Buy Now
There's obviously a lot to choose from here, so go have fun spoiling dad this Father's Day.
Developers have Stripe for payments, Mixpanel for analytics, and Twilio for communications, but what about location.
That's where Radar comes in.
Radar was founded by Nick Patrick, former Foursquare and Handy employee, along with his fellow Foursquarer Coby Berman, after realizing that lots of apps need location services, but it's tedious and difficult to build out on the back end.
Patrick recounted trying to build location tools that would help track Handy cleaners on behalf of Handy customers and wondering why some back-end service didn't already exist to help with that.
So Patrick and Berman built out Radar and are today launching it out of Expa Labs.
Radar lets customers integrate with the Radar SDK and instantly start setting up geofences, tracking entry and exit events, and ultimately using that data to create a better experience for end-user.
Patrick sees three buckets where Radar could significantly help a developer: increasing engagement, increasing revenue, and improving operations.
You can imagine how Tinder might benefit from sending you a ping when a user you've already matched with is within a few blocks of you. Or how retail stores might use your location to send you special deals or offers if you're near the store. And finally, services like Handy and Postmates could stop building out location tracking services for their couriers and simply tie in to Radar to offer real-time location information to waiting end-customers.
“The biggest challenge is creating a tool that spans so many use cases elegantly,” said Patrick.
Radar launches publicly today, offering a free tier for folks who wish to try out the service, and an enterprise tier for people who need hands-on support. The enterprise tier is priced based on usage.
This extra location data is stored with Radar, keeping personally identifiable information separate from the actual location data, ensuring privacy for the end-user.
Radar has only received funding from Expa Labs ($125,000).
You can check out Radar here.
How Trump Is Reacting To Sessions' Testimony
President Trump is trying to change media focus from Russia to his agenda. He traveled to Wisconsin Tuesday to talk health care and job training.
STEVE INSKEEP, HOST:
President Trump is promising an announcement today, something to do with job training and apprenticeships, although the details are scant. The White House would much rather focus on things like that than the investigation of Russian influence or the president's recent firing of FBI Director James Comey, although it's hard to keep the focus away from those subjects. NPR White House correspondent Tamara Keith is here. Hi, Tam.
TAMARA KEITH, BYLINE: Hi.
INSKEEP: So the president's own allies have been shifting focus back to the investigation. A friend of the president's, as we reported yesterday, suggested the president is considering firing the special counsel, Robert Mueller, the person in charge of the investigation. Is that a serious possibility?
KEITH: Well, the White House still has not disputed the idea that the president is considering it. So on Air Force One last night, we asked Sarah Huckabee Sanders, who's a spokesperson for the president, whether President Trump is considering firing or seeking the firing of Robert Mueller. And here's what she said.
(SOUNDBITE OF ARCHIVED RECORDING)
SARAH HUCKABEE SANDERS: While the president has the right to, he has no intention to do so.
INSKEEP: No intention to do so.
KEITH: That's right. Now - and we should also just point out that the deputy attorney general, Rod Rosenstein, testifying before Congress yesterday, said that he is the only one who can fire the special counsel and that, he says, it would have to be for cause. And if there is no cause, then it doesn't matter who tells him to do it, he wouldn't do it.
INSKEEP: So yesterday was another one of those days where there was, like, a huge news story that overshadowed another huge news story that overshadowed another huge news story. Jeff Sessions, the attorney general, testified before the Senate intelligence committee yesterday - took a lot of sharp questions from senators. How did the White House respond to that?
KEITH: Well, we were trying to figure out if the president was watching it on Air Force One. It took all day to find out if he had been watching it. They said he had but that - they wouldn't say how much - and that the president was quite happy with Sessions' performance, Sanders said, because he especially liked the part where Sessions pressed the idea that there was no collusion between Russia and the Trump campaign.
INSKEEP: Sessions also spent a lot of time not answering questions, saying that they might be subjects on which the president might claim executive privilege, immunity from being questioned. Is the president actually claiming executive privilege or saying that he will?
KEITH: No, not yet.
INSKEEP: OK. Now back to the agenda. We mentioned this. The White House has dubbed this week Workforce Development Week. What is that?
KEITH: Well, they are talking about apprenticeships and other ways of closing the skills gap, trying to match the 6 million, they say, unfilled jobs with all the millions of people who need jobs. But as for details, there weren't a lot of them. The president was in Waukesha, Wis., yesterday at a technical college, and here's what he said.
(SOUNDBITE OF ARCHIVED RECORDING)
PRESIDENT DONALD TRUMP: We want a future where every high school in America offers apprenticeship opportunities for young citizens and - studying things that they want to study and studying things that they're going to be great at. Under this vision, high school students could learn, and they could earn.
KEITH: Of course, apprenticeships are nothing new. The Obama administration was also trying to promote apprenticeships. And we just don't know what the president is actually proposing in terms of how he would pay for this or promote it or get other companies to do it.
INSKEEP: So Workforce Development Week coming after last week's Infrastructure Week, which was also overshadowed by the Russia investigation and other matters, wasn't it?
KEITH: Yes.
INSKEEP: OK. Tamara, thanks very much - really appreciate it.
KEITH: You're welcome.
INSKEEP: That's NPR's Tamara Keith this morning.
Copyright © 2017 NPR. All rights reserved. Visit our website terms of use and permissions pages at www.npr.org for further information.
NPR transcripts are created on a rush deadline by Verb8tm, Inc., an NPR contractor, and produced using a proprietary transcription process developed with NPR. This text may not be in its final form and may be updated or revised in the future. Accuracy and availability may vary. The authoritative record of NPR's programming is the audio record.
COLUMBIA, S.C. — Faced with sitting out at least another year at South Carolina as the federal investigation into college basketball continues, a "devastated" Brian Bowen felt he had no choice but to remain in the NBA draft.
Bowen announced Wednesday he's leaving the school after the NCAA told South Carolina officials he would miss at least all next season with the Gamecocks. The NCAA based its decision on alleged benefits received by the Bowen family at his former school Louisville and the governing body's transfer requirement of a year off the court.
"I am completely devastated by the NCAA's ruling," Bowen said in a statement.
The 6-foot-7 Bowen, from Saginaw, Michigan, transferred to South Carolina in January following his suspension from Louisville amid the federal probe after news of an alleged payment involving the Cardinals and his father to get him to join that school.
The federal complaint stated that Adidas representative James Gatto and others attempted to funnel $100,000 to a recruit's family to gain his commitment to play for Louisville. Bowen was not named in documents, but details made clear that investigators were referring to the freshman.
Bowen has denied knowledge of any payment.
Among those indicted were were one-time South Carolina assistant coach Lamont Evans, who coached with Martin for four seasons before leaving for Oklahoma State.
Bowen took part in practices and was out for pre-game events with South Carolina from January through March. He finished with semester with a 3.5 GPA and, coach Frank Martin said, was a model teammate whose goal was to play in college.
South Carolina officials said the NCAA told the school its decision a few days ago and then, Bowen, his family and attorney Jason Setchen considered his options.
"All I ever wanted to do was continue my education and play college basketball," Bowen said. "However, after learning of the ruling, and discussing it with my family and attorney, I've decided to pursue my professional career."
BUSINESS
Air Busan Co. said Friday it will launch charter flights to Vientiane later in the day.
The budget carrier, which is an affiliate of Asiana Airlines Inc., will fly flights to the Laotian capital from Gimhae International Airport at 10:05 p.m. every Friday and Monday until Aug. 29.
(Yonhap)
The Busan-based low-cost carrier also began flying charter flights to Hanoi from Daegu on Thursday.The charter flights to the Vietnamese capital will be flown at 10:20 p.m. every Thursday and Sunday until Aug. 28.Air Busan said it will consider launching regular flights to Vientiane and Hanoi after reviewing the number of passengers using the charter flights.Air Busan currently operates a fleet of 20 planes -- six 152-seat A320 jets and 14 larger A321 jets. (Yonhap)
Promises decision about running for Langley City mayor by early August
After serving one term as a Liberal MLA, former Langley City mayor Peter Fassbender is considering a return to municipal politics.
“I've had lots of people approach me,” Fassbender told Black Press.
“I haven't made a final decision. If I run, it will be for mayor.”
Fassbender said he would decide soon, likely by the end of this month or early next month.
“I would only do it if I believe I had something to contribute to the community (and) I would have to feel it's the best for me and my wife.”
Great Volunteer gathering at the Campaign Office!!! pic.twitter.com/5rXkuahX2J — Peter Fassbender (@Fassbender_BC) April 8, 2017
Fassbender was serving as mayor of Langley City when he was elected MLA for Surrey-Fleetwood in the 2013 provincial election.
He was appointed Minister of Education during a bitter labour dispute with the B.C. Teachers Federation that ended with a settlement after five days of round-the-clock talks.
READ MORE: Fassbender speaks to Langley about teachers' strike
He then served minister of Community, Sport and Cultural Development and minister responsible for TransLink.
Fassbender stepped down from the mayor's job after winning his MLA seat in Surrey-Fleetwood.
So far, two incumbent Langley City councillors have declared for the mayoralty.
VIDEO: Two Langley City councillors to run for mayor
Fassbender was on the Langley School Board from 1975 to 1979.
He was first elected to Langley City as a councillor in 2002, and then as mayor in the 2005, 2008 and 2011 elections.
dan.ferguson@langleytimes.com
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter
Monday, January 2, 2017 at 2:37 am |
This image taken from CCTV provided by Haberturk newspaper Sunday shows the terrorist, armed with a long-barreled weapon, shooting his way into a popular venue in Istanbul, Turkey on Sunday morning, where he killed 39 people and wounded dozens of others. (CCTV/Haberturk Newspaper via AP)
ISTANBUL (AP) - Turkish media reports say that authorities believe that the Islamic State terror group is behind the attack on a popular Istanbul venue early Sunday.
Hurriyet and Karar newspaper reports Monday cited unnamed security officials saying that authorities have determined that the terrorist who killed 39 people comes from a Central Asian nation and is believed to be either from Uzbekistan or Kyrgyzstan.
Police had also established similarities with the high-casualty attack at Ataturk Airport in June and was investigating whether the same IS cell carried out both attacks.
The terrorist, who is still at large, killed a policeman and another man outside the club in the early hours of Sunday before firing at people inside.
Nearly two-thirds of the dead were foreigners, many from the Middle East.
The mass shooting followed more than 30 violent acts over the past year in Turkey, which is a member of the NATO alliance and a partner in the U.S.-led coalition fighting against the Islamic State terror group in Syria and Iraq. The country endured multiple bombings in 2016, including three in Istanbul alone that authorities blamed on IS, a failed coup attempt in July and renewed conflict with Kurdish rebels in the southeast.
President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan vehemently condemned “the terror attack in Istanbul's Ortakoy neighborhood in the first hours of 2017” and offered condolences for those who lost their lives, including the “foreign guests.”
Among the dead were an 18-year-old Israeli woman, three Indians, three Lebanese, a woman with dual French-Tunisian citizenship and her Tunisian husband, two Jordanians, a Belgian national, a Kuwaiti citizen and a Canadian, according to those countries' governments and a diplomat.
A U.S. State Department official, who spoke only on condition of anonymity, said one American man was among those wounded. Turkey's minister for family and social policies, Fatma Betul Sayan Kaya, said citizens of Saudi Arabia, Morocco, Lebanon and Libya were among those injured.
Security camera footage obtained by The Associated Press from Haberturk newspaper shows what appears to be a man dressed in black and carrying a backpack as he shoots down a police officer outside the club.
Prime Minister Binali Yildirim said the terrorist left a gun at the scene of the attack and escaped by “taking advantage of the chaos” that ensued.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The grieving parents of little boy who died from Meningitis B have shared a harrowing photo of their son hours before he died as a warning.
Six-year-old Oliver Hall died in hospital 24 hours after contracting the bacterial infection, which mainly affects babies and children.
His parents, Georgie and Bryan Hall, are now calling for all children to be vaccinated against the deadly strain of the disease.
Immunisations have been available for babies up to a year old on the NHS since 2015, but not for older children.
The couple hope the heartbreaking photo of Oliver will pile pressure on the Government to get all children protected.
(Image: SWNS- Cambridge)
Georgie, 37, said medics at James Paget University Hospital, Norfolk, "did everything they could" to save her son's life before he passed away on October 24.
"Oliver achieved so much in his short life," she sadi. "He will always be remembered and so we have set up the Oliver Hall Forever Fund tribute website, which is supporting Meningitis Now.
"More than £4,000 has been raised so far - and we are really grateful to everyone for their donations and support.
"To see that total going up makes it feel that Oliver's life was not in vain."
(Image: SWNS- Cambridge)
This call comes after Avon coroner Maria Voisin said the Government should fund the meningitis B vaccination for teenagers following 18-year-old Isabel Gentry's death in May 2016.
A meningitis B vaccine is currently available to children up to the age of one, but the Government last year said making it available to all children was "not cost effective".
The vaccine is privately available in Boots, Superdrug and in private clinics from £210 for a two-dose course.
One in 10 of the 3,200 cases of the bacterial meningitis in the UK per year are fatal, with one in three leaving sufferers with permanent disabilities.
Georgie and her husband Bryan, 43, from Halesworth, Suffolk, say widening the programme will save lives and want to meet with Health Secretary Jeremy Hunt to raise their concerns.
(Image: SWNS- Cambridge)
Mrs Hall said: "The government are saying it is not cost effective to vaccinate more children against this disease. Meningitis Now, the charity that we are working with, are arguing that point.
"Our main goal is to help Meningitis Now to get this vaccination rolled out to more children."
The meningitis B vaccine protects against meningococcal group B bacteria and has been available as part of NHS routine for babies under 12 months since September 2015.
Meningitis' typically symptom is a blotchy rash that doesn't fade when a glass is rolled over it.
Others include a high temperature of 38C or above, feeling and being sick, a headache, aching muscles and joints and drowsiness.
For more information about the Oliver Hall fund, click here.
Police in North Yorkshire arrested 39 motorists on suspicion of drink or drug driving during the first 10 days of the force's Christmas crackdown.
To date, officers have arrested 34 men and five women across the county.
Scarborough is the area with the highest number of arrests at nine, followed by York with eight and Harrogate with seven.
The highest reading recorded so far during Operation Attention was provided by a 45-year-old man from Catterick, who was arrested on December 4.
He was arrested on suspicion of drink driving after he gave a reading of 128mg of alcohol per 100ml of breath – more than three-and-a-half times the legal limit.
Police said he had been released under investigation as enquiries continue.
Sergeant Andy Morton, of the Roads Policing Group, said: “Unfortunately we are again seeing drivers placing themselves and others at unnecessary risk, by drinking or taking drugs and getting behind the wheel.
“As we said at the start of this campaign, North Yorkshire Police is actively patrolling and targeting these drivers and we will arrest you and take you off the road.
“If the fact that you could kill or seriously injure an innocent person through your own selfish act doesn't deter you from drink or drug driving, maybe the fact that you will be arrested, taken into custody and a court appearance will follow.
“You'll face a hefty fine, loss of your licence and potentially a prison sentence – not to mention potential loss of employment, income and in some cases I have dealt with, relationship breakdown and loss of home.
“You have to ask yourself - is it really worth the risk?"
The first of those arrested and charged appeared before York Magistrates' Court last week.
Tracy Roberts, 52, of Middleton Road, York, pleaded guilty to driving a vehicle when alcohol level was above the legal limit.
She was disqualified from driving for 15 months and ordered to pay £415 in fines and costs.
Operation Attention will continue to run throughout this month.
ISLAMABAD, Apr 17 (APP): Prime Minister Muhammad Nawaz
Sharif on Monday phoned President of Turkey Recep Tayyip
Erdoğan and congratulated him on the successful referendum.
The Prime Minister also accepted invitation from Turkish
President to visit Turkey, a brief statement issued by the
PM's Media Office here said.
Garth Brooks gave a guitar to a super fan in the crowd who was holding up a sign that read, “You are the reason I play guitar.” Turns out they play the same brand, so Garth gave him an upgrade by taking off his and handing it over!
Check it out:
The Duchess of Cambridge has made a flying visit RAF Wittering this morning, meeting local air cadets at the base near Peterborough.
The Duchess was given privileged access to a tutor aircraft in which generations of RAF Air Cadets have had their first experience of flying.
Kate saw the aircraft when she visited the base in her role as royal patron and Honorary Air Commandant of the RAF Air Cadets.
Cadet Sergeant Jordan Bertolaso, a qualified aerospace instructor, talked the Duchess though the controls of the Grob tutor, a light aircraft which cadets use each year for air experience.
Cadet Sgt Bertolaso said: “It's incredible to have such a high-profile royal as our patron, especially as she has strong links to the Royal Air Force with her husband being a former pilot.”
During the visit, the Duchess, who wore a burgundy blazer and a black ensemble of top, jeans and boots, was introduced to air cadets from the Bedfordshire and Cambridgeshire Wing Air Training Corps, who are taking part in a half-term skills development camp.
The Duchess of Cambridge at RAF Wittering
The week acts as an initial camp experience for cadets who are in their first six months of membership.
Kate took up her role with the RAF Air Cadets in December 2015, taking on the post from the Duke of Edinburgh who had been involved with the organisation for more than 60 years.
The Duchess now represents 42,000 air cadets aged from 12 to 19, and 15,000 adult volunteers at more than 1,200 units across the UK and abroad.
The RAF Air Cadets comprises both the Air Training Corps (ATC) and the Combined Cadet Force (RAF).
The Duchess of Cambridge at RAF Wittering
Group Captain Richard Pratley, RAF Wittering Station Commander, said: “It has been an honour to welcome Her Royal Highness, the Duchess of Cambridge to RAF Wittering to see some of the facilities we offer to cadets to help inspire the next generation.”
This was The Duchess's third visit to the RAF Air Cadets since The Duke of Edinburgh passed his Patronage to The Duchess after 63 years serving as Air Commodore-in-Chief.
The Duchess, along with husband The Duke of Cambridge both visited Peterborough in 2012 to officially open Peterborough City Hospital.
The Duchess of Cambridge at RAF Wittering
HRH the Duchess of Cambridge visiting RAF WIttering to see the work of local air cadets EMN-170214-144948009
HRH the Duchess of Cambridge visiting RAF WIttering to see the work of local air cadets EMN-170214-144926009
HRH the Duchess of Cambridge visiting RAF WIttering to see the work of local air cadets EMN-170214-145006009
HRH the Duchess of Cambridge visiting RAF WIttering to see the work of local air cadets EMN-170214-145115009
HRH the Duchess of Cambridge visiting RAF WIttering to see the work of local air cadets EMN-170214-145223009
HRH the Duchess of Cambridge visiting RAF WIttering to see the work of local air cadets EMN-170214-145242009
Fossil fuel consumption in the electric power sector declined to 22.5 quadrillion British thermal units (quads) in 2017, the lowest level since 1994. The declining trend in fossil fuel consumption by the power sector has been driven by a decrease in the use of coal and petroleum with a slightly offsetting increase in the use of natural gas. Changes in the fuel mix and improvements in electricity generating technology have also led the power sector to produce electricity while consuming fewer fossil fuels.
In 2017, coal consumption by the electric power sector reached its lowest level since 1982, and petroleum consumption in the power sector was the lowest on record, based on data since 1949. Recent natural gas consumption in the power sector has generally been increasing, but 2017 consumption was slightly lower than the record-high 2016 level.
In energy-equivalent terms, more coal was consumed in the power sector than natural gas in 2017, at 12.7 quads and 9.5 quads, respectively. However, in terms of electricity generation, natural gas-fired power plants in the electric power sector produced more electricity than coal-fired plants, at 31% and 30% of the U.S. total, respectively, in 2017. Natural gas-fired units tend to be more energy efficient, requiring less energy content to produce a unit of electricity.
As recently as 2000, natural gas-fired power plants were on average about as efficient as coal-fired plants. Since then, new natural gas-fired power plants have tended to use combined-cycle generators, which are more efficient because the waste heat from the gas turbine is routed to a nearby steam turbine that generates additional power.
Combined-cycle units now make up most of the natural gas-fired electricity generation capacity. By the end of 2018, natural gas combined-cycle units may surpass conventional coal-fired power plants to become the most prevalent technology for generating electricity in the United States.
As the natural gas-fired generation fleet has grown and become more efficient, the generation-weighted average efficiency of fossil fuel-fired electricity generation has improved. In 1994, fossil fuel power plants required 10,400 British thermal units (Btu) of primary energy to produce each kilowatthour (kWh); by 2017 that rate had fallen to 9,400 Btu/kWh.
These changes in energy consumption and efficiency have also affected carbon dioxide (CO2) emissions from the electric power sector, which in 2017 were the lowest since 1987. Because coal combustion is much more carbon intensive than natural gas combustion, CO2 emissions from coal were more than double those from natural gas in 2017, even though natural gas provided more electricity generation.
The US military has announced the renaming of US Pacific Command to US Indo-Pacific Command. The renaming has been done to recognise the increasing connectivity between the Indian and Pacific Oceans and America's commitment to the Indo-Pacific. The announcement was made by US Secretary of Defence James N Mattis on Wednesday.
Navy Admiral Philip S Davidson has been named as the new commander of the US Indo-Pacific Command.
According to officials, though the name has been changed, the mission of US Indo-Pacific Command will remain the same. It will continue the mission of security and stability in the region from the coast of Africa to the coast of California.
Meanwhile, James Mattis said that the US is going out of its way to cooperate with Pacific nations, days after America withdrew an invitation to China to participate in the world's largest international maritime warfare exercise.
Asserting that the US is committed to a free and open Indo-Pacific, the Pentagon recently said China's continued militarisation of disputed features in the South China Sea only serve to raise tensions and "destabilise" the region.
Mattis, on his way to Hawaii, the headquarters of the US Pacific Command, told reporters: "We are going out of our way to cooperate with Pacific nations. That's the way we do business in the world".
"But we are also going to confront what we believe is out of step with international law, out of step with international tribunals that have spoken on the issue, and part of this is we maintain a very transparent military activity out in the Pacific," Mattis said in response to a question on the recent Pentagon decision to rescind its invitation to China to participate in the Rim of the Pacific exercise (RIMPAC) military exercise.
(With PTI Inputs)
by Jack Kramer | Oct 6, 2017 3:50pm
( ) Comments | Log in to Facebook to Post a Comment
Posted to: Civil Liberties, DC News Junkie, Law Enforcement, Public Health, Public Safety, New Haven
Jack Kramer / CTNewsJunkie U.S. Sen. Richard Blumenthal and U.S. Rep. Rosa DeLauro sign the Newtown Action Alliance banner
NEW HAVEN, CT — With supporters including relatives of children murdered in Sandy Hook cheering them on, U.S. Senators Richard Blumenthal and Chris Murphy and U.S. Rep. Rosa DeLauro Friday said the Las Vegas massacre will rebuild momentum to pass tougher gun legislation in Congress.
At a press conference in front of the New Haven police station, the three politicians and New Haven Police Chief Anthony Campbell said Sunday's horrific massacre, in 58 were killed and nearly 500 wounded, has the gun lobby reeling.
Murphy said that while he and Blumenthal have been two of the loudest voices in Congress for tougher gun laws, there is something bigger going on.
“No matter how many good ideas we come up with, it is going to be the growing anti-gun violence movement representing here today by all of these groups that are getting stronger by the minute that are going to force Congress to act and ultimately going to save people's lives,” Murphy said.
“We are furious beyond words that our colleagues continue to offer compassion and thoughts and prayers and no action,” Murphy said. “We do not suffer from a deficit of compassion in this country. We suffer from a deficit of action.”
His words were received with loud applause from the crowd of approximately 200 people, intermingled with a chant of “act now.”
Some gun control advocates were heartened when on Thursday the National Rifle Association came out in support of additional federal regulations on bump stocks, a firearm accessory that allowed the Las Vegas massacre shooter to convert a dozen of his semiautomatic rifles to fully automatic fire.
It was the first statement by the NRA since the Sunday night shooting by Stephen Paddock.
Jack Kramer / CTNewsJunkie U.S. Sen. Chris Murphy and Sen. Richard Blumenthal in New Haven
Blumenthal and Murphy have been urging their colleagues to ban bump stock devices and toughen up background checks on firearm sales. They also introduced legislation Thursday that would repeal the Protection of Lawful Commerce in Arms Act (PLCAA) passed by Congress in 2005.
Blumenthal told the crowd at the police station in New Haven that he suspects the NRA position statement was “a dangerous delay.”
“There must be a ban on bump stocks,” Blumenthal said. “We don't need to regulate them. We need to ban them.”
He added that stopping bump stocks “is the least we can do.” He said there is far more Congress should be taking up when it comes to gun control, including a ban on assault weapons and universal background checks.
In an unapologetic email to his supporters Thursday night, Murphy said he's been accused of using the Las Vegas massacre to score political points.
A ban on bump stocks — in Connecticut — is also being asked for by Gov. Dannel P. Malloy, who said this week he wants to see it brought up in the next session of the General Assembly when it convenes early next year.
DeLauro said the advocates at Friday's press conference “give us the courage and the strength” to move forward.
“We all offer our prayers, our moment of silence — but that is just not enough. We need to pursue this gun violence legislation. Connecticut people are demanding action. Begging us to stop the killing,” DeLauro said.
“And the Congress of the United States have ignored the people of this city, of this state, of the entire country by not listening to them,” DeLauro added.
Blumenthal, Murphy, and DeLauro also signed their condolences on Friday on a poster being circulated from the “Newtown Action Alliance,” which organizers said would be soon sent to Las Vegas.
New Haven's top cop, Campbell, noted that two of his own officers were wounded in gunfire this week.
“What we are asking for is common sense legislation so that situations like what happened in Las Vegas or what happened in this state in Sandy Hook can never happen again,” Campbell said.
One of those in the audience Friday was Hap Jordan, of Cheshire, who was holding a sign stating “Reduce Gun Violence.”
Asked why he was at the press conference, Jordan said: “It's my chance to show our senators the same support they've been showing us.”
Our dog only sometimes comes when called. I find myself reaching for bribes and trying to catch her. How do I teach my dog to come without begging? Coming when called, or recalls, are one of the simpler skills. They do require repeated drilling to achieve proficiency. Most people are surprised to recognize that many animals have shockingly good recalls. The problem is that it's to the wrong sound.
Most people train with hope and pray training. They call their distracted dog, hoping and praying that they will listen. ( DREAMSTIME )
Many dogs come running when they hear the crinkle of a treat bag. These are recalls. The animal hears a sound and comes running. If you can teach a dog to run to sound of a treat bag, you can get a pretty decent recall with a dog. What people struggle with is getting a dog to attend a specific word. It's because they shoot themselves in the foot by not adhering to the same principles that work so very well in the treat bag example. Most people train with hope and pray training. They call their distracted dog, hoping and praying that they will listen. When it fails, they become trapped in a situation where all options are bad. Repeating oneself teaches the dog that the word isn't that important. Chasing the dog becomes a fun game for the animal.
Article Continued Below
For this reason, recalls should be started at a level that is so ridiculously easy, the dog cannot help but get it right. Recall commands should be sacred. Not to be used until and unless the dog has been trained to that level. Preserve and maintain the value in the word for the life of the dog religiously. Choose a new word. It's easier than overcoming the baggage attached to the old one. Work in a small, boring location inside the house. Start about one meter away from the dog. Say the word, clearly and distinctly. It should stand out from room conversation. Pause for a second. Then reach for several pieces of special food. Give it to the dog no matter what they do. Feed the dog by your feet. Don't deliver it to the dog. Within a few days, the dog should be visibly happy to hear the new word. At that point, shift expectations. Say the word and wait for their feet to start moving toward you. When they do, say yes. Pay near your feet. Then comes the drilling. Add distance. Work in different rooms. Play hide and seek. Incorporate distractions. Start easy. Drill through progressively harder ones.
Then repeat the entire exercise start to finish in multiple new, safe locations. The need to drill in multiple locations is normal for all dogs. Finally, stop eroding progress. Dogs that are scolded after coming when called will over time stop coming. So will dog that realize that listening means the end of fun or the start of negative things. Such things destroy recalls. Use the word with care and maintain its meaning over the life of the dog.
Article Continued Below
The weather has been excruciatingly hot. How can I get my dog exercised and tired? Exercise, while very healthy, is often too heavily relied upon as a fix for energetic dogs. The problem is that when the weather does not co-operate, these dogs have no means by which to burn off steam. Instead, think mental exhaustion and training. Mental exercises tire dogs out. Thinking is strenuous. Whether you teach skills, tricks or sports such as nose work, it can quickly exhaust dogs. Also start to train dogs to relax and behave independently. Tired dogs aren't good dogs. They're sleeping dogs. Training is what allows an energetic dog to focus their energy towards independent activities. Yvette Van Veen is a Toronto-based writer and a contributor for the Star. Reach her via email: advice@awesomedogs.ca
Saturn's moon Enceladus has conditions that could support microbial life
Laurel Kornfeld
Complex organic molecules have been discovered in the plumes of Saturn's moon Enceladus. The data transmitted back to Earth by the Cassini Saturn orbiter, which ended its service above the ringed world on Sept. 16, 2017.
Located in the moon's south polar region, the plumes are made up of ice-covered materials that contain complex organic compounds. Hydrothermal vents beneath the moon's surface mix up materials from its core, Enceladus' subsurface ocean and transport the solution upward in the forms of vapor and ice grains.
Smaller, simpler organic compounds were already detected in the plumes years ago by Cassini. However, this is the first time complex organic molecules, which are made up of hundreds of atoms, have been found on Enceladus. These molecules are rarely seen beyond Earth.
The presence of liquid water, hydrothermal vents, and complex organic molecules make the moon's subsurface ocean potentially habitable for life.
Bubbles of gas rising up within the ocean could be transporting these complex molecules from the moon's porous core to the ocean's surface just beneath its icy shell. Through cracks in the vents, these bubbles scatter the organic material, some of which is released into space.
Complex organic molecules are produced by both biological and complex chemical processes and can also transport by meteorites, so their discovery is not proof that Enceladus harbors life.
Frank Postberg and Nozair Khawaja of the University of Heidelberg in Germany, who led the study of Cassini‘s data and confirmed the presence of the complex organic molecules, continue to study the composition of the ice and heavy molecules found in Enceladus's plumes.
“In my opinion, the fragments we found are of hydrothermal origin; in the high pressures and warm temperatures we expect there, it is possible that complex organic molecules can arise,” Postberg said.
A similar process occurs on Earth, where hydrothermal vents at the bottom of the oceans generate complex organic molecules. Microbial life has been found in some of these vents on Earth, which may have played a role in the start of life on our planet.
A paper on the study has been published in the journal Nature.
“Continuing studies of Cassini data will help us unravel the mysteries of this intriguing ocean world,” said Cassini Project Scientist Linda Spilker of NASA's Jet Propulsion Laboratory via an agency-issued release.
Cassini, a collaborative project between NASA, the European Space Agency and the Italian Space Agency (ASI). Launched on October 15,1997 atop a Titan IVB/Centaur rocket, the mission had spent almost twenty years (19 years and 335 days) in space. The spacecraft spent some 13 years orbiting Saturn and its moons and deployed a lander, Huygens, the only current vehicle to be placed on a world in the outer solar system.
Chris Chelios and Brian Leetch will be facing off once more, this time as opposing coaches.
USA Hockey has appointed the two Hall of Fame defensemen to serve as coaches at the sixth annual All-American Prospects game in Buffalo on Sept. 21. The game will feature 42 of the top U.S.-born prospects eligible for the 2018 NHL draft.
Chelios and Leetch are both American and have combined to play 44 NHL seasons plus five Winter Olympic Games.
Chelios is a three-time Stanley Cup champion and already is making the shift to coaching. He was recently named an assistant for the 2018 U.S. Olympic men's national team.
Leetch is among seven defensemen to score more than 1,000 points, and was only the NHL's second player to win the Calder (rookie of the year), Conn Smythe (playoff MVP) and Norris (top defenseman) trophies.
New Delhi
The Patiala House Court, New Delhi, on Friday took cognizance of the chargesheet filed by the India's National Investigation Agency (NIA) against several Kashmiris including Hurriyat leaders in a fake case registered against them.
The chargesheet filed by the NIA on January 18 had filed the chargesheet against several persons including resistance leaders, Altaf Ahmed Shah, Peer Saifullah, Merajuddin Kalwal, Ayaz Muhammad Akbar, Nayeem Ahmed Khan, Shahid-ul-Islam and Farooq Ahmad Dar.
The court has fixed March 8 as the date of next hearing for arguments on the charges and scrutiny of documents.—KMS
Copyright 2017 NPR. To see more, visit http://www.npr.org/.
ROBERT SIEGEL, HOST:
Congressional Republicans have gathered in Philadelphia for the party's annual retreat. President Trump and Vice President Pence will join them tomorrow. Republicans say they'll use the meeting to decide the party's strategy to repeal and replace Obamacare. NPR congressional correspondent Susan Davis has more on that effort.
SUSAN DAVIS, BYLINE: Republicans have a plan to replace Obamacare. In fact, they have several. The latest came this week from Republican Senator Susan Collins of Maine and Bill Cassidy of Louisiana. They say it meets the requirements for replacement outlined by President Trump. Here's Cassidy.
(SOUNDBITE OF ARCHIVED RECORDING)
BILL CASSIDY: That he wishes all to be covered, that he wishes those with pre-existing conditions to continue to have coverage, that there not be mandates and that we make it lower cost. I think - and I think Senator Collins would agree - that there are not many ways to get there, and as far as we know, none better than this.
DAVIS: The Cassidy-Collins plan would give states three options - keep Obamacare as is, enact their own insurance expansion or opt out of federal assistance entirely. It's unique in that it's the only plan so far that could keep Obamacare partially intact. Collins admits it's a work in progress. But she says Republicans need to nail down their plan to calm down the public.
(SOUNDBITE OF ARCHIVED RECORDING)
SUSAN COLLINS: But if we do not start putting specific legislation on the table that can be debated, refined, amended and enacted, then we will fail the American people.
DAVIS: It's also a non-starter for many conservatives, who believe anything less than full repeal would be breaking a fundamental campaign pledge. A bloc of conservatives in the House introduced their own plan earlier this month. That one would repeal the individual mandate and replace it with a system that gives people tax credits if they choose to buy insurance. North Carolina Republican Mark Walker is a co-sponsor.
MARK WALKER: It's something that's a good base. I've said this the other day. It's round one of a 15-round engagement.
DAVIS: Other key players, like Senate Health Chairman Lamar Alexander, are taking things off the table. Here's Alexander in an exchange with Georgia Congressman Tom Price, Trump's nominee for Health and Human Services secretary, at a recent hearing.
(SOUNDBITE OF ARCHIVED RECORDING)
LAMAR ALEXANDER: Let me ask you this. Is this the bill - any effort to replace and repeal Obamacare - is this the bill to reform Medicare?
TOM PRICE: Absolutely not.
DAVIS: Medicare may be off the table, but Medicaid is on it. The health care program for the poor was expanded under Obamacare. Trump administration officials have said their upcoming plan will include a longstanding conservative proposal to overhaul Medicaid from a guaranteed benefit to a block grant system. That would give states authority on how to spend that money.
But that plan would likely run into a democratic blockade in the Senate, where Democrats oppose pretty much everything Republicans are trying to do to repeal Obamacare, which means Republicans are also strategizing on how to go it alone like Democrats ultimately did seven years ago. Here's Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell.
(SOUNDBITE OF ARCHIVED RECORDING)
MITCH MCCONNELL: We anticipate no cooperation from the other side. And so it - you know, it would be incumbent upon us, us meaning Republicans, to come up with a replacement.
DAVIS: All of these concerns will be aired out at the retreat by key stakeholders, says House speaker Paul Ryan.
(SOUNDBITE OF ARCHIVED RECORDING)
PAUL RYAN: We're going to work with all of our committees that are in charge of health care legislation - the Education and Workforce Committee, the Ways and Means Committee, the Commerce Committee - and we're going to have a full, exhausting conversation at our retreat to go through all of these things.
DAVIS: And Walker, a sponsor of the House conservatives' plan, says Republicans are acutely aware of the challenges presented by their repeal and replace plans.
WALKER: This is something that I believe if we don't get right Democrats will do their best to make the key focal point in the 2018 elections. So there is some motivation. It's not just the fact - we want to do the right thing. This is something very sensitive when it comes to people's health care. But from a political side, there's a benefit to get it right as well.
DAVIS: And huge political risks if they don't - just ask Democrats. Susan Davis, NPR News, the Capitol. Transcript provided by NPR, Copyright NPR.
Trump Turns To 43-Year-Old 'America First' Trade Law To Pressure China
Enlarge this image toggle caption Alex Brandon/AP Alex Brandon/AP
Updated at 10:35 p.m. ET
President Trump on Monday authorized his top trade official to look into whether China is guilty of intellectual property theft, a move that could eventually lead to trade sanctions.
Trump called his action "a very big move" against practices that cost our nation "millions of jobs and billions and billions of dollars each and every year."
He cited not just the theft of intellectual property such as computer software, but also Beijing's requirement that U.S. companies turn over proprietary technology as a condition of entering China's markets.
"We will safeguard the copyrights, patents, trademarks, trade secrets and other intellectual property that is so vital to our security and to our prosperity," Trump said at the White House. He was flanked by U.S. Trade Representative Robert Lighthizer, Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin and members of his economic team.
Monday's steps were very preliminary, and analysts say that it could be a long time, if ever, before significant trade sanctions are imposed on China.
Eventually, it could lead the administration to initiate what's called a Section 301 investigation, a sanctions mechanism that's part of the Trade Act of 1974.
Section 301 was widely used in the 1980s under the Reagan administration. More recently US presidents have complied with a requirement to obtain World Trade Organization authorization before using Section 301.
But Trump has implied he may use Section 301 without WTO authorization. Bypassing the WTO would be quicker.
"It saves time," says Matt Gold, a former deputy assistant US trade representative. A WTO case "would take a few years for us to bring it to a WTO panel, get a decision, then it will get appealed to the WTO appellate body. Then we get another decision. Then we have to go through another WTO process to get authorization for specific types of trade barriers. ... So it can take a few years to get the WTO authorization."
But Gold says using Section 301 without WTO authorization would leave the US government in conflict with its obligations under international law.
The White House move was applauded by technology groups, which have long complained about intellectual property theft. The Information Technology and Innovation Foundation issued a statement saying "for too long China has flouted the spirit, if not always the letter of its commitments under the WTO and other agreements."
Sen. Sherrod Brown, D-Ohio, said launching the investigation sends a strong signal to China that it will be held accountable if it doesn't work with the United States to level the playing field. But he said the Trump administration needs to go further to address dumping of products such as steel. "We need to follow through with meaningful action and that means the president needs to get serious about trade enforcement, especially on steel," Brown said.
But there are risks to the White House approach. Caroline Freund, a senior fellow at the Peterson Institute for International Economics, says U.S. companies that try to do business with China could get hurt in several ways. "China is likely to retaliate with tariffs on their own of U.S. goods, and then U.S. companies will be further hurt in China," she said. "It won't lead to anything positive."
In an editorial on Monday, the state-run newspaper China Daily said the investigation will "poison" relations.
But Freund also points out that for all of Trump's rhetoric about China while on the campaign trail, the White House so far has been slow to take action against unfair trade practices. Trump backed off of labeling China a currency manipulator for instance, and a long promised report on steel dumping has been delayed.
She says that's because it's one thing to talk about steel tariffs, but imposing them hurts other U.S. manufacturers, such as automakers and appliance companies.
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Maria Mills was blasted as a "gold digger" when it was revealed she'd recently managed to get more maintenance money for life after getting a £230,000 lump sum in 2002, plus a £1,100 monthly personal maintenance payment, when she split with "reliable and truthful" husband, Graham Mills, 50, after 13 years of marriage .
However, speaking on This Morning, she has now insisted the reports were incorrect, and her ex was the one who actually took her back to court in order to get out of paying maintenance for their 21-year-old son anymore.
Revealing her "lump sum" was their home, and not a cash payment, she explained why she still needs maintenance money for their son.
She said: "The reality is he's still dependent, he's in full-time education at university.
"Not only am I paying for his living expenses, but also paying for university expenses.
(Photo: ITV)
(Photo: ITV)
(Photo: ITV)
(Photo: ITV)
"Any parent whose child is at uni will know there's more expense."
Maria also insisted she's worked her whole life, and still can't afford to pay the shortfall herself.
She said: "I do work, I worked before we got married, I worked during the marriage and I still work.
"What I pay for my son is greater than the amount of maintenance I get.
"I never went back for more money, He did."
Maria's comments came after top judges at London's Appeal Court have now ordered Mrs Mills' monthly payouts to be upped to £1,441 and told her ex-husband he must support her for life, because she is "unable to meet her basic needs."
(Photo: ITV)
(Photo: ITV)
Mr Mills earlier pleaded that he "should not be the insurer against the wife's poor financial decisions" and forced to "pick up the tab" 15 years after they split.
And his barrister, Philip Cayford QC called for changes in the law to limit maintenance and encourage "independence" post-divorce.
Lord Justice Longmore and Sir Ernest Ryder heard that the couple, who have a grown-up son, married in 1988, separated in 2001 and divorced in 2002, after reaching an agreement on how their wealth should be split.
(Photo: Richard Gittins / Champion News Service)
Mr Mills, a surveyor, agreed to give his ex, who formerly worked for a Notting Hill estate agent, £1,100 a month in personal maintenance, as well as almost all their "liquid capital" when they split, while he kept his businesses.
Later, however, Mrs Mills "unwisely invested in a series of properties, each time moving upmarket" from a house in Weybridge, Surrey, to a smart three-bedroom flat in Wimbledon, to a two-bedroom apartment in a luxury Victorian mansion block in Battersea.
Each time she "over-financed," increasing her mortgage liabilities, but failed to offset them with enough profit from the sale of the properties.
After she sold the Battersea flat in 2009, she was "without any of the capital" she netted from her marriage, and is now living in a rented home, back where she started in Weybridge.
She currently works two days a week as a beauty therapist, the court heard.
The pair both went before a family judge last year, with Ms Mills asking for more maintenance, because she couldn't manage financially, and the husband seeking a clean break.
Judge Mark Everall QC threw out both their challenges, but they then each instructed QCs to renew their battle before the Court of Appeal.
Mr Cayford told the judges Mr Mills, who lives in Guildford, has remarried, has a new family and is desperate to "move on" with his life.
"This is a case where the wife leaves the marriage with all, or almost all the liquid capital, then says she needs maintenance for another 50 years, despite proving herself capable of working to a high standard," he said.
Frank Feehan QC, for the wife, however, pointed out that - whilst Judge Everall had found she was "not a good businesswoman" who "did not manage her finances wisely" and "took on too high borrowings" - he had not found that she was "profligate or wanton in her approach to her finances."
The judge had also accepted that her finances and ability to work had been "hindered" by health problems she has experienced over the last decade.
He defended her "credit card debts, run up over many years as a single parent having health difficulties."
"She has not been found to be wanton in having credit card debts in order to have a living wage for her and her son," he added.
Asking for an increase in maintenance, he said Mrs Mills is currently "unable to meet her basic needs."
Sir Ernest, giving the court's ruling, said Mr Mills had been regarded as "reliable, truthful and frank" by Judge Everall, who had been "less impressed with the wife."
No value was put on Mr Mills's business interests, but the court was told that he had previously been able to draw dividends from them of up to £200,000 a year.
Examining Trump's Initial Response To The Racial Upheaval In Virginia
After the mayhem in Charlottesville, some saw President Trump's remarks as a validation of the protesters' message of racial bigotry. Rachel Martin talks to David French of the National Review.
RACHEL MARTIN, HOST:
Let's listen to President Trump speaking to reporters on Saturday, following the violence in Charlottesville, Va.
(SOUNDBITE OF ARCHIVED RECORDING)
PRESIDENT DONALD TRUMP: We condemn, in the strongest possible terms, this egregious display of hatred, bigotry and violence on many sides - on many sides.
MARTIN: So that last bit - the other sides remark - is the one getting a lot of criticism for somehow equating Nazis and the KKK with militant leftist groups. Republican senators, including Senator Orrin Hatch of Utah, Marco Rubio of Florida, and Cory Gardner of Colorado, all came out with strong statements urging President Trump to specifically call out the white supremacist groups who started these protests. Here's Senator Gardner on CNN yesterday.
(SOUNDBITE OF CNN BROADCAST)
CORY GARDNER: This is not a time for vagaries. This isn't a time for innuendo or to allow room to be read between the lines. This is a time to lay blame - to lay blame on bigotry and to lay blame on white supremacists, on white nationalism and on hatred.
MARTIN: We're joined now by David French. He's a senior writer at the conservative publication the National Review. Mr. French, thanks for being here.
DAVID FRENCH: Thanks so much for having me.
MARTIN: In your column this past weekend, you wrote the following. And I'm going to quote here. "It is not the responsibility of the president of the United States to make specific statements every time a gang of KKK cretins marches up and down a town square." But you argue that Saturday was different. How so?
FRENCH: Well, it was different because of what happened. You had an actual terror attack that claimed a human life. It was different because of the movement that was actually marching in in Charlottesville. And it's different because of the president. The movement here - and a lot of people don't realize this and don't understand this who weren't watching the rise of Trump - this alt-right movement backed him very early, very explicitly back in 2015, when he first announced, and was vicious online against any Trump critic who attained any kind of prominence at all - journalists, writers, ordinary citizens...
MARTIN: That included you, as well.
FRENCH: Yes, my family - me, my family. And this is something that a lot of us were sounding the alarm about, now, literally for years. Yeah, I think it was two years ago that I wrote my first piece calling out the alt-right. And so this is not something that just came out of nowhere. These are people who fashion themselves to be his core supporters.
MARTIN: Yet Sebastian Gorka, a presidential aide, just last week in an interview with Breitbart said the media overplays the threat from alt-right groups. How do you respond to that? I mean, how do you characterize this threat?
FRENCH: Well, you know, look. It - I don't know how many people there are in the alt-right. Let's just say they punch well above their weight online. And also, you know, let's just face them some bad facts here. The president's chief strategist, Steve Bannon, has declared that his publication - the publication he used to run, Breitbart, one of the more widely read publications on the right - he called that the platform for the alt-right, which is a very stunning statement.
And in fact, it did, for a long time, promote and publish one of the foremost apologists for the alt-right, a man by the name Milo Yiannopoulos. And he was somebody who was very, very outspoken for Donald Trump, became very popular throughout the campaign and published probably one of the most influential apologetics for the alt-right.
MARTIN: So let me ask you this then. I mean, alt-right groups are taking what the president said after the violence and saying, this is good for us. I mean, specifically, the Daily Stormer, which is a supremacist website, said, quote, "Trump comments were good. He didn't attack us. He just said the nation should come together. Nothing specific against us."
FRENCH: Right.
MARTIN: So what do you believe the president needs to say? Do you believe the president needs to say something to shirk that support?
FRENCH: Well, we know that when Trump doesn't like someone, he can get very, very specific. Like, ask the Khan family. Ask James Comey. Ask any number of his opponents. So what he needs to do here is get very, very specific. And you can get very specific against the alt-right, against white supremacists, without equivocating about political violence from any side. You can condemn white supremacy specifically and condemn all political violence.
MARTIN: Why do you think he's not? Because the vice president has done so. He's spoken out strongly against these groups. Why has the president not?
FRENCH: You know, I mean, now we're psychoanalyzing. It's hard to psychoanalyze other than to say this. They have been on his side very specifically, very vocally. He has people close in his White House who have tied themselves to him. And to me that raises an uncomfortable inference that he doesn't want to shun them because they have been supporters. And that's a - that's a bad - that's a terrible thing to contemplate.
MARTIN: David French, who is a senior writer at the National Review. He joined us via Skype this morning. Mr. French, thanks so much for your time.
FRENCH: Thanks so much for having me.
Copyright © 2017 NPR. All rights reserved. Visit our website terms of use and permissions pages at www.npr.org for further information.
NPR transcripts are created on a rush deadline by Verb8tm, Inc., an NPR contractor, and produced using a proprietary transcription process developed with NPR. This text may not be in its final form and may be updated or revised in the future. Accuracy and availability may vary. The authoritative record of NPR's programming is the audio record.
GAINESVILLE, Fla. — A person with knowledge of the situation says former Florida receiver Antonio Callaway failed a drug test at the NFL combine, a mistake that could damage his draft status.
The person says NFL teams were made aware of the result Tuesday. The person spoke to The Associated Press on the condition of anonymity because the league does not release that information publicly.
NFL Network first reported Callaway's failed test.
It was the latest misstep for a talented but troubled receiver who was once considered a lock to be a first-round draft pick. Now, some teams surely will take the 21-year-old Callaway off their draft board. Failing a drug test at the combine, a place prospects know they're going to be tested, is widely considered one of the more head-scratching results of the pre-draft process.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
ST. LOUIS, MO — Chesterfield Mall could be revitalized. The Staenberg Real Estate Group has bought the Sears department store attached to the mall.
Our news partners at the St. Louis Post-Dispatch report that Staenberg will also make an offer to buy the rest of the 1.3 million square foot mall next month. They hope to redevelop the property into an open-air high-end mix of residential, office, retail, and restaurant area.
The project would cost over $100 million. No word yet on when it will begin.
Nathan Hindmarsh knows just how difficult it can be to manage former teammate Jarryd Hayne. (AAP)
Parramatta legend Nathan Hindmarsh says he isn't surprised former teammate Jarryd Hayne has fallen out with Gold Coast coach Neil Henry.
Jarryd Hayne's former teammate Nathan Hindmarsh says he isn't surprised by the enigmatic star's rift with Neil Henry which may cost the Gold Coast coach his job.
Hindmarsh played with Hayne for nine NRL seasons at Parramatta, as well as at Test and State of Origin level.
Henry is on the verge of being sacked by the Titans over the feud with Hayne, according to News Corp Australia.
Asked if Hayne and Henry's soured relationship was a surprise, Hindmarsh said: "No, not really".
"He's a different beast," Hindmarsh told Fox Sports.
"Sometimes he can have the worst week at training and come out and have a blinder.
"Other weeks he can be on top of the world, chirpy, buzzy, jumping out of his skin, really good at training and then not have a really good game at all.
"The key for any coach with Haynesy is getting the best out of him week-in week-out, season after season."
Hindmarsh is hopeful the situation won't lead the one-time NFL player to depart the NRL for another code.
"He's a special player, he's a talent and we've all seen what he can do on the field," Hindmarsh said.
"He took the Eels to a grand final in 2009 off the back of his brilliance.
"I've played with Haynsey and it can be frustrating at times.
"But at the end of the day he's a gifted, talented player and I hope that if things don't work out there at the Titans that we do see him playing in the NRL somewhere down the line."
The Titans meet the Eels on Thursday night, but Hayne is in doubt with a hamstring injury.
"I hope Haynsey does turn out against the Eels," Hindmarsh said.
"If he does, he'll have a blinder."
Prepare for increased heart temperature.
Lions, apes, cows, dogs, bears, parrots… are all willing to reach out – literally – to their homosapien friends.
Everybody loves a hug.
WORLD CUP: Portugal tries to repeat its European success
WORLD CUP: Portugal tries to repeat its European success
Associated Press NEWS News 30 May 2018, 14:33 IST 156 Share Options × Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Reddit Google+ Email
After finally breaking through with its first major title at the European Championship two years ago, Portugal will use the same formula at the World Cup.
The European champions will travel to Russia with many of the players from the squad that won Euro 2016, including Cristiano Ronaldo, and it will also carry the same low-key mentality it had when it succeeded in France.
"We are fully aware that we are not the favorites," Portugal coach Fernando Santos said. "History shows it, as do all the titles of the other teams that will be playing at the World Cup. Before the European Championship I also didn't believe we were the favorites."
Santos said Portugal can be considered a "candidate" for the title but it still shouldn't be included among the top contenders despite being European champions.
"We have the same three or four teams that were favorites in the European Championship — Germany, Spain, France — and now we add Brazil and Argentina. These teams are the favorites, then there is a group of candidates in which we can naturally include Portugal," he told Portuguese television channel RTP.
Portugal won its first major title in 2016 — after coming close a few other times in the Ronaldo era — by avoiding all those traditional favorites until the final against host France, when it won in extra time. It played Hungary, Iceland and Austria in the group stage, then faced Croatia, Poland and Wales in the knockout matches.
Santos said this time he can make the same type of promise he made to the Portuguese people before the European Championship.
"We will give our best and we will be a contender to win every match," he said. "I have the same confidence in my players and in my team that I had before the European Championship. We will have the same goal now that we had then."
Nine of the players who started in the final against France are back with the World Cup team, with the only absences being veteran forward Nani and young midfielder Renato Sanches.
In total, 13 players from the Euro 2016 squad will be in Russia. Among those not going to Russia are Ricardo Carvalho, Andre Gomes and Eder, who scored the title-winning goal in the extra time against the hosts.
"It hurts not to be able to include all the players who were with us in the European Championship," said Santos, who opted to add a few younger players to the World Cup squad. "All of them helped us write a brilliant page in the history of Portuguese football."
Portugal began its World Cup preparations with a 2-2 draw against Tunisia on Monday, when it was without Ronaldo because he played with Real Madrid in the Champions League final on Saturday. All three Sporting Lisbon players in the squad also were not available because they played in the Portuguese Cup final.
"We are just beginning our World Cup preparations," Portugal midfielder Joao Mario said after the home draw against Tunisia. "We will keep working to fix our mistakes and arrive at the World Cup in the best possible form."
Portugal will play two more warm-up matches before the World Cup — against Belgium on Saturday and Algeria on June 7.
The team was drawn into Group B at the World Cup, along with Morocco, Iran and Iberian rival Spain. Portugal's opener will be against the Spaniards on June 15 in Sochi in one of the most anticipated matches of the tournament.
"It will be the game between the favorite and the candidate," Santos said. "We will need to be very careful in this group, but if Portugal doesn't advance it will be disappointing."
___
Tales Azzoni on Twitter: http://twitter.com/tazzoni
Spiro aims to sell CRM software to businesses that have been avoiding traditional CRM products.
CEO Adam Honig told me that he and his co-founders Andy Levi (CTO) and Justin Kao (vice president of growth) originally set out to build artificial intelligence products that could assist with CRM (i.e., the software that salespeople use to track their customers and deals). But then they started hearing from companies that weren't using any CRM at all.
So the team ended up broadening its approach, building a full platform for what Honig described as “proactive CRM.” In other words, it accomplishes the job of CRM, but with enough automation that most of the tedious data entry goes away.
A lot of that comes from Spiro's integration with your email inbox — it can automatically create and update customer profiles based on who you're emailing. It can also make recommendations, for example about when you should be following up with a lead.
In fact, you can do most of your interaction with Spiro from email. Kao showed me how you can send an email to Spiro asking it to “Remind me to call Anthony on Friday,” and then, when the time comes, you'll get that reminder over email. He also showed me how a supervisor could ask “What did Andrew do this week?” and get a report on emails sent, meetings scheduled and opportunities created.
“Our goal is to make CRM go away,” Kao said. “We really want to take this recommendation engine to the next level.”
Spiro says it already works with more than 500 customers. According to Honig, many of them come from traditional industries like manufacturing.
The startup is announcing that it has raised $3 million in seed funding led by Geekdom Fund, with participation by MassVentures, Hyperplane Venture Capital and New Harbour Partners.
“We often get asked, ‘Why does the world need a new CRM platform?'” Honig said. “We believe — and the Geekdom guys agree with us — that there are just people and companies that CRM has not reached.”
Accused slayer enters “Not Guilty” Plea…Felix “Buddy” Fesmire, Jr. entered a plea of not guilty following his arraignment in county court in Cheyenne. The charges against young Fesmire accuse him of killing his father, Felix Fesmire, Sr. with a shotgun, his brother, Buckey, with a butcher knife and his friend, Roy Franklin Thomas with a baseball bat on February 8.
You need to login to view the rest of the content. Please Login . Not a Member? Join Us
[Back to Influential Marylanders Winners]
Yumi Hogan
First Lady of Maryland
Around the age of 6, Yumi Hogan recalls, a teacher told her she was great at art. “That moment,” she says, “I'll never forget.” It was one of the moments that blossomed into a lifelong love of art.
Inspired by the contrasts of the natural world, including the perfect and the flawed, the simple and the complex, the tranquil and hostile, Hogan became an accomplished artist, her work featured in solo and group exhibitions at regional shows and museums. Her pieces are created using traditional Hanji paper with Sumi ink and mixed media.
Understanding the importance of the craft, Hogan has made arts education a priority during her time as First Lady. Since 2015, she has served as honorary chair of the Council for the Arts and Culture at the University of Maryland, Baltimore. She also works as an adjunct professor at the Maryland Institute College of Art.
In 2015, she became an advocate for cancer patients and their families after her husband, Gov. Larry Hogan, was diagnosed with Stage 3 non-Hodgkin lymphoma.
Born in South Korea as the youngest of eight children, Hogan grew up on a chicken farm in the countryside. Immigrating to the United States when she was in her 20s, she later came to Maryland so her three daughters could benefit from the schools.
“I am really constantly amazed and every morning I am very thankful to find myself in this position,” she said. “As First Lady, I am very honored and grateful to serve all Marylanders. “
[Back to Influential Marylanders Winners]
Italian manufacturer of linear blowmolding systems Sipa (Vittorio Veneto) will introduce what the company is calling its “best-in-class linear blowmolding system” at Interpack next month in Düsseldorf, Germany.
The SFL 6/8 EVO system combines all the technological advantages of Sipa's SFL blowmolding systems with superior performance and output. The company promises a 10% increase in output—2000 bottles per hour per cavity—while reducing energy consumption on both preform heating and bottle blowing.
University College London is tonight tackling a serious ransomware outbreak that has scrambled academics' files.
It is feared the software nasty may be exploiting a zero-day vulnerability, or is a previously unseen strain of malware as antivirus defenses did not spot it in time, we're told. Eggheads at the UK uni are urged to not open any more email attachments, which may be booby-trapped with the ransomware.
The UCL Information Services Division (ISD) said it had locked down access to the shared and networked drives that have been under siege from the malware since it began infecting users around mid-day Wednesday via an email message.
"Currently it appears the initial attack was through a phishing email, although this needs to be confirmed," the ISD said.
"It appears the phishing email was opened by some users around lunchtime today. The malware payload then encrypted files on local drives and network shared drives. The virus checkers did not show any suspicious activity and so this could be a zero day attack."
Both the shared (S) and network (N) storage drive services have been suspended as the university works to stop the outbreak. Service is expected to be restored in read-only mode later this evening, UK-time.
The ISD said drives that have already been encrypted by the malware will be restored to their most recent backup once the infection is resolved.
In the meantime, the university is warning all students and staff not to open any attachments or click links in emails, and to be wary of suspicious messages from contacts.
"It is vital we all maintain a high level of vigilance when opening unexpected emails. If the email is unexpected or in any way suspicious, then you must not open any attachment or follow any link in the email," the ISD said.
"Doing so may lead to loss of your data and very substantial disruption to the university."
UCL said it will provide an update on the situation tomorrow. ®
Only a few years ago, Opera Max was the rising star in the browser maker's portfolio. The service offered a system-wide data-saving proxy that funnelled all app data through Opera's servers to compress images and videos. Now, however, Max is heading for the deadpool. The company, which is now owned by a consortium of Chinese firms, today announced that it will shut down Max.
“Opera has now decided to discontinue Opera Max. The product had a substantially different value proposition than our browser products, and represented a different focus for Opera,” the company writes in its announcement. “We, therefore, focus on our browsers and other upcoming services.”
Opera did not provide any further reasoning for this move, though we've reached out to the company for a more detailed comment.
With more than 500,000 installs, Max was a popular service — and it gave Opera quite a bit of insight into how people used their phones (though given that its advertising arm wasn't part of the sale, the company may not be interested in this data anymore).
It'll be interesting to see what this means for a service like Opera VPN, though. While both Opera Max and VPN offered somewhat similar functionality, their emphasis was quite different and if the company decided that Max isn't at the core of its strategy anymore, then Opera VPN could be heading to an untimely end, too.
Max has now been delisted from the Google Play Store; while users who have already installed the app will be able to use it for a while longer, the servers that power it will likely go offline in the near future.
Phoenix Rising midfielder Soloman Asante was named to the United Soccer League Team of the Week for Week 6 of the 2018 USL season.
Solomon notched an assist and scored the equalizing goal in Phoenix Rising's 2-2 draw with Western Conference foe Swope Park Rangers on Saturday night.
His teammate, Billy Forbes, received Team of the Week Honorable Mention honours after he provided the assist on Asante's goal. Forbes also scored the match's first goal, his first in a Phoenix Rising uniform.
This is the fifth week out of six that a Phoenix Rising FC player has been recognized by the league and the second consecutive week a Phoenix Rising player has been named to the Team of the Week. Last week, defender Amadou Dia received the honour.
This is Asante's third time being honoured by the league. He was twice-named a Team of the Week Honorable Mention in Week 1 and Week 3.
Asante is also the third Phoenix Rising player this season to be named to the team of the week. In addition to Dia, Chris Cortez was the USL Player of the Week in Week 2.
Phoenix Rising returns home this Saturday, April 28, for its first-ever meeting with Fresno FC.
2018 Player Honors
Week 1: Solomon Asante-Team of the Week (Honorable Mention)
Week 2: Chris Cortez-USL Player of the Week
Week 3: Solomon Asante-Team of the Week (Honorable Mention)
Week 5: Amadou Dia-Team of the Week; Didier Drogba-Team of the Week (Honorable Mention)
Week 6: Soloman Asante-Team of the Week; Billy Forbes-Team of the Week (Honorable Mention)
The Detroit Tigers placed left-hander Francisco Liriano on the 10-day disabled list Wednesday with a right hamstring strain.
The move was made retroactive to Sunday.
"Liriano said his hamstring was sore after his last start, and it hasn't gotten any better," manager Ron Gardenhire said Tuesday. "He's had a history of leg problems, but he is usually able to get through them. This time he couldn't."
Liriano is 3-2 with a 3.90 ERA in 10 starts this season.
Francisco Liriano was among a pair of Tigers pitchers sent to the disabled list Wednesday. Abbie Parr/Getty Images
The Tigers also placed left-handed reliever Daniel Stumpf on the 10-day DL with ulnar nerve irritation. That move was made retroactive to Tuesday.
"We're going through a tough stretch," Gardenhire said. "We're finally getting some guys healthy, and then we lose two."
The Tigers recalled right-hander Johnny Barbato and left-hander Ryan Carpenter from Triple-A Toledo in corresponding moves.
Barbato has a 7.36 ERA in three appearances for the Tigers this season but was pitching to a 1.72 ERA in 12 Triple-A appearances. Carpenter is 0-1 with an 8.31 ERA in three appearances (two starts) for the Tigers this season. He is 1-5 with a 5.72 ERA in nine Triple-A starts.
He has little choice. Nearly two-thirds of all Canadian trade is with the US, the highest ratio of Group of 20 nations and quadruple all but Mexico. Almost all of Canada's oil goes to the US and most of the country's manufacturing is geared toward meeting US demand. Americans hold $1.8 trillion (Dh6.6 trillion) in Canadian assets, almost exactly the same amount held by Canadians in the US.
Till now, Trudeau's strategy has been to avoid becoming what his ambassador to the US called “collateral damage” in a trade war they consider to be largely aimed at Mexico. Three senior emissaries — Foreign Minister Chrystia Freeland, Finance Minister Bill Morneau and Defence Minister Harjit Sajjan — laid the groundwork for Trudeau's visit with their own trips last week to preach Canadian trade. Freeland has coined the lawmaker-by-lawmaker approach “granular diplomacy” and the trio, along with two other ministers, will join Trudeau at the White House to hammer home their message. “When you get really tired of saying what you're saying, repeat it as often as possible,” Paul Frazer, a consultant in Washington and former Canadian diplomat, told the Canadian Broadcasting Corp. “Because there are so many centres of power in this city.” Trudeau's visit isn't without risk. Mexico's Enrique Pena Nieto already cancelled a meeting at the White House as relations sour, while Trump is said to have had a heated call with Australia's Malcolm Turnbull in part over a refugee deal. UK Prime Minister Theresa May courted the new president, declaring that “opposites attract” before later calling his travel ban “divisive and wrong.” At home, Trudeau's popularity has waned in recent months. He's under pressure from the left-leaning New Democratic Party to denounce Trump. He partly did so, saying on Twitter after the US imposed travel restrictions that Canada's doors are open to refugees and posting a photo of himself welcoming a Syrian family. Others are urging him to stick to business in Washington. “It's going to be very important that Mr. Trudeau doesn't rise to some of the bait that he has in some of the Twitter feeds,” said Gerry Ritz, a former cabinet minister with the opposition Conservatives. “I think you have to take some of that on the chin and just let it go.” More from USA Evacuation order lifted near California dam
Trump tries to sidestep Russian scandal
Trump adviser Flynn quits
How national security has become a party piece
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A Barton Hill man faces a jail sentence of at least 15 years after being convicted of raping an unconscious woman.
The woman claimed Muhammad Ali raped her when she was sedated on the tranquiliser Valium, a form of diazepam.
She told police she found a video on her phone of Ali having sex with her while she was unconscious.
Bristol Crown Court was told the 34-year-old defendant also recorded the abuse on his own mobile phone, where police found video and pictures of his offences.
Ali, of Canterbury Street, denied four charges of rape.
On Friday, February 2 a jury of six men and six women convicted him of one rape charge, after just over five hours of deliberation. The jury cleared him of the other three charges.
Judge Julian Lambert remanded Ali in custody until he is sentenced at a later date.
The judge told Ali he was considering a starting point of 15 years. The maximum jail term for rape is life.
(Image: Google)
During the trial, the jury watched a video interview the complainant had with police.
She described how she woke one day in November 2016 with sore private parts.
She told police: “I was scrolling through my phone and I watched a video.
“I was laid on my front.
“I heard him (Ali) saying ‘I'm f-ing you when you're asleep'
“He was sleeping with me from behind and I just felt really sick.”
The woman said that at one point she was so sedated she was drifting in and out of consciousness as Ali abused her.
During the trial the jury had to look at the video and stills retrieved from Ali's phone and his victim's phone.
The woman claimed that at one point Ali spat in her mouth and called her a “dirty slag”.
Ali had claimed the woman had given her consent for him to have sex with her while she was asleep, telling the jury she told him: "Do what you want".
THE fields for Friday's Men Of League race day at Coffs Harbour aren't going to be finalised until Wednesday but there's hopes Gordon Yorke's two nominations, Green Cash and Hey Hey My My, get a start in their respective maiden races.
Now based at Grafton, the former Coffs trainer is at home following a morning trackwork incident last week.
While saddling up one of his stable's horses, Yorke was adjusting some gear when it swung around and bit him on the ear.
The force of the swing also knocked him over, injuring his shoulder, back and hips.
Yorke sought treatment at Coffs Harbour hospital later that day before having plastic surgery on his ear within 24 hours.
"I didn't think the injury was that bad until I was told on Monday that there was a chunk of my ear missing," he said. "The surgery went well but the Doctors have said that it is all cartilage damage which may be difficult to heal.
"I'll just have to be very careful with it."
He'll continue to seek treatment from his doctor and stitches are expected to remain in his ear for two to three weeks.
Ariana Grande and Pete Davidson have made their romance Instagram official.
The 'No Tears Left To Cry' hitmaker and the 24-year-old actor have been rumoured to be dating since last week, and the pair have now taken to social media to seemingly confirm their romance after Pete posted a picture of the new couple dressed in matching 'Harry Potter' robes.
Ariana, also 24, was seen wearing Slytherin robes in the picture whilst Pete wore Gryffindor ones, in an Instagram post which was captioned: "the chamber of secrets has been opened ... (sic)"
The 'Dangerous Woman' singer then commented on the post with a cheesy 'Harry Potter' pun, and joked she would delete her account.
She replied: "u tryna slytherin (I'm deleting my account now). (sic)"
Ariana's new romance comes just weeks after she ended her two-year relationship with rapper Mac Miller, before dubbing their time together as "toxic".
Hitting back at a fan who suggested she should've stayed with Mac, Ariana wrote on social media: "How absurd that you minimize female self-respect and self-worth by saying someone should stay in a toxic relationship because he wrote an album about them, which btw [by the way] isn't the case (just Cinderella is ab [about] me). I am not a babysitter or a mother and no woman should feel that they need to be. I have cared for him and tried to support his sobriety & prayed for his balance for years (and always will of course) but shaming/blaming women for a man's inability to keep his s**t together is a very major problem. Let's please stop doing that. of course I didn't share about how hard or scary it was while it was happening but it was. I will continue to pray from the bottom of my heart that he figures it all out and that any other woman in this position does as well (sic)"
Cleary University Joins National Association of Intercollegiate Athletics
April 18, 2017
Cleary University, which revived its sports program five years ago, announced an important step in the school's athletic program on Monday.
Cleary was one of seven schools which were admitted to the National Association of Intercollegiate Athletics, or NAIA, as associate members for the 2017-18 school year and could become a full member in 2018-19. Cleary University athletic director Ward Mullens tells WHMI that it will mean a bigger stage for the university to perform at the national level and provide them with extra recruiting power.
The university made the announcement Monday. Cleary will also remain a member of the USCAA, the organization it currently belongs to, while it is an associate member of the NAIA. The NAIA is a much larger organization, with schools in the U.S. and Canada, while the USCAA's members are mostly in the Northeast. Once it becomes a full NAIA member, Cleary officials will look to join a conference. It currently is an independent. Baseball coach Karl Kling, a former Cleary athletic director, says joining the NAIA will help Cleary teams in recruiting.
There currently are 11 NAIA colleges and universities in Michigan, including Concordia University in Ann Arbor and Lawrence Tech in Southfield. (TR)
Tiangong-1 space laboratory to fall to Earth in about 2-3 weeks
Tomasz Nowakowski
New calculations made by Aerospace Corporation and the European Space Agency (ESA) indicate that China's disabled Tiangong-1 space laboratory – could be coming back to Earth – soon.
Estimates by the two organizations suggest that the space station could crash into Earth between March 28 and April 11.
Beijing lost control over Tiangong-1 on March 16, 2016, most likely due to a dysfunctional battery charger. Since then, the module has been unable to recharge its batteries from its two solar arrays. Chinese officials confirmed in mid-September of 2016 that the spacecraft was heading for an imminent re-entry, but they still did not disclose whether the station's descent is controlled or not.
Aerospace Corporation, a non-profit corporation that provides technical guidance and advice on all aspects of space missions, has recently updated its report regarding Tiangong-1's atmospheric re-entry. The document now states that the spacecraft will fall to Earth somewhere between March 28 and April 11.
Furthermore, ESA's Space Debris Office provided similar estimates, even narrowing the predicted re-entry window. According to new calculations posted on March 15, Tiangong-1 will crash into the planet between March 30 and April 6. However, the office noted that these dates are highly variable, for instance due to the variations of the atmosphere.
These two predictions further helped to confirm that the space laboratory could re-enter the atmosphere somewhere between 43 degrees North and 43 degrees South latitudes. This large swath of Earth includes Northern parts of the U.S., as well as countries such as Spain, Italy, Turkey, China, North Korea or Japan in the Northern hemisphere. When it comes to the Southern hemisphere, most probably those locations which might be affected would be: Chile, Argentina, Southern Australia or New Zealand.
Tiangong-1 (which means “Heavenly Palace” in Chinese) is China's first space laboratory. With a mass of an estimated 8.5 metric tons, Tiangong-1 measures some 34 feet (10.4 meters) long and has a diameter of approximately 11 feet (3.4 meters). The station was launched in September of 2011. Nine months later, in June, 2012, three Chinese taikonauts docked their Shenzhou-9 spacecraft to the station for the first time. The module was visited again in June 2013 when the Shenzhou-10 spacecraft transported another trio of taikonauts.
Besides being used as a laboratory for space research, Tiangong-1 also served as an experimental platform from which China could demonstrate orbital rendezvous and docking capabilities. The orbiting laboratory was also used as a stepping stone to pave the way for the nation's future space stations, the next of which the country plans to complete in 2022.
Shea Patterson made 10 starts at Ole Miss, including three as a freshman in 2016 when his redshirt was burned. He replaced injured starter Chad Kelly and in his first start led the Rebels from a nine-point deficit with 23 points in the fourth quarter for a 29-28 win over then-No. 8 Texas A&M. (Photo: Wesley Hitt, Getty Images)
Tom Luginbill started watching Shea Patterson the summer after his sophomore high school season when he was playing football in Louisiana. He then followed him and his career at IMG Academy as a senior and covered two of his games as Ole Miss quarterback.
Luginbill, a recruiting analyst and ESPN sideline reporter, said Patterson has always had a swagger and confidence.
Patterson announced Monday via social media that he will transfer to Michigan where, if the NCAA waives the transfer rule that requires sitting out a season, he will be able to play next fall. He will join a quarterback room that includes redshirt freshman Brandon Peters and freshman Dylan McCaffrey, in addition to early-enrollee freshman Joe Milton.
“He kinda catches your eyes for the same reasons (Oklahoma quarterback) Baker Mayfield does,” Luginbill told The Detroit News Monday. “It's not about being a 6-2, 6-3 imposing figure, it was more about moxie and confidence and intangible factors. He may be 6-1 on his best days, but he's a really good athlete.
More: What they're saying: QB Patterson transfers to UM
More: Wojo: Dynamic Shea Patterson is logical target in Michigan's QB hunt
“What catches your eye is more how he carries himself. How he plays. That riverboat gambler mentality. You could see why other kids were drawn to him. In his mind, he felt like no matter what the play is, I can make it happen.”
With that approach, Luginbill said, comes two sides. Because of the type of quarterback Patterson is as a guy who extends plays, he also can make mistakes. But he doesn't dwell on mistakes and moves on.
During his senior year at IMG Academy, Luginbill said he saw Patterson continue to develop. He was the No. 1-rated quarterback in the 2016 recruiting class.
“I think more than anything, he evolved and became more polished,” Luginbill said. “IMG is not like other high schools. You walk into the huddle at IMG and everyone is a Power-5 guy. You're playing with college-level players. A guy like Shea probably made the guys around him better.”
Luginbill is interested to see how Michigan coach Jim Harbaugh will use Patterson in his offense.
“He's taking a player who is a certain type of player and skill set and a style groomed in a shotgun spread offense, RPO, up-tempo shotgun, a certain style of play,” he said. “He's never been in any type of offensive system like he's going to enter at Michigan from a run-game standpoint, from a knowledge-theory standpoint of offense.
“He's going to learn a lot about the game. It's going to be fun to see how quickly he's going to adapt and process and learn. And so is Joe Milton for that matter. He's really athletic. He brings an aspect they don't have at Michigan.”
The way Luginbill sees it, the different types of quarterbacks competing will make them all better.
“That group has gone from a one-dimensional player to an eclectic group,” Luginbill said. “Any time you create an environment of competition, it hones everyone in a sense. You can never have too many quarterbacks. Only one can play, but when you have competition, whoever wins that one will have earned it.”
angelique.chengelis@detroitnews.com
twitter.com/chengelis
Ringier Africa Digital Publishing, was present at the launch of DigiClan in Ghana in partnership with Meltwater Entrepreneurial School of Technology (MEST).
Digiclan is a community of Digital media professionals, enthusiasts and friends committed to the growth of the Digital Media Industry in Africa. The community brings together marketers to learn, motivate one another and set standards of growth whilst helping themselves to grow.
The idea behind DigiClan was inspired by the need to create an organization committed to pushing forward the common agenda of growing the digital marketing industry, networking, support and sharing of ideas across Africa.
The group was started on September 1, 2017 as DigiClan Lagos but eventually expanded to 14 other states in Nigeria and other parts of Africa, including Kenya, Togo, and finally launched in Accra, Ghana on the April 17, 2018. Digiclan currently has a total membership of about 4000 – a number which is bound to increase in the coming months.
The event was hosted at the Impact Hub, Accra, Osu, with the theme “Digital Marketing and the Power of Storytelling”.
Among those who spoke was the Director of Digital at RADP Ghana, Ibukun Onitiju, who delivered an extensive speech on the tagline “Stories Sell, Digital Helps” with examples of storytelling campaigns from brands.
Head of Marketing and Communications at Meltwater France, Benelux and Middle East, Rym Bachouche, also spoke on the topic “Growth Hacking Digital Marketing with Data”.
Also, the Digital Marketing Communications Strategist and co-founder of DigiClan, Ized Uanikhehi, addressed the gathering on the importance of digital publishing and storytelling.
READ ALSO: Zylofon Media, Stakeholders get together at maiden 'Zylofon Music Industry Party'
GRAND MANAN, N.B.—A spokesperson for New Brunswick fishermen based on Grand Manan Island says at least 10 Canadian fishing boats have been intercepted by U.S. Border Patrol agents since last week while fishing in the disputed waters around Machias Seal Island. Laurence Cook, chairman of the LFA 38 Lobster Advisory Board, says some Canadian vessels were boarded by agents who asked about possible illegal immigrants.
Machias Seal Island, which is about 19 kilometres southwest of Grand Manan Island and east of Maine, is in a disputed area known as the grey zone, where lobster fishermen from both Canada and the United States have long fished side by side. ( Andrew Vaughan / THE CANADIAN PRESS file photo )
Cook says he's never before seen border patrol agents in the area, where the U.S. Coast Guard typically patrols. Machias Seal Island, which is about 19 kilometres southwest of Grand Manan Island and east of Maine, is in a disputed area known as the grey zone, where lobster fishermen from both Canada and the United States have long fished side by side. However, both Canada and the United States claim sovereign jurisdiction over the island and the surrounding 700 square kilometres at the mouth of the Bay of Fundy.
Article Continued Below
Spokesperson John Babcock said the Canadian government is also talking with U.S. agencies. “Canada's sovereignty over the Machias Seal Island and the surrounding waters is long-standing and has a strong foundation in international law,” Babcock said. “Until the matter of the boundary is resolved, we will continue to take practical steps with the U.S. to ensure that the area is well-managed. Canada and the U.S. have a long history of co-operation which ensures that fishing in this area in well-managed and safe for both countries.”
Read more about:
Sheer Number Of Attacks On Health Facilities In Syria Shocks Researcher
Enlarge this image toggle caption George Ourfalian /AFP/Getty Images George Ourfalian /AFP/Getty Images
How many attacks are there on health care facilities in Syria?
Dr. Rohini Haar, a public health researcher at the University of California, Berkeley, led a team that collected ground reports of attacks in 2016 in northern Syria, filed by civilians via cellphone text.
Haar wanted to find out if human rights organizations were missing anything in their reports. Sending outside investigators into a country, or monitoring news reports and social media, certainly has merit, she thought. "But that doesn't capture all the stuff that goes on day to day that people don't realize is also a violation of international law," she says.
She was shocked by the relentlessness of the attacks.
The data, which appears Tuesday in the journal PLOS Medicine, shows a total of 200 health care-related attacks in the governorates of Aleppo, Idleb, Homs and Hama. Haar and her team focused on these provinces because they include large, historically rebel-held cities — Idleb and Aleppo — that had already sustained a lot of violence.
Over 2016 that averages out to more than one attack every other day, says Haar. In the attacks her team analyzed, 112 health-care staff and 185 patients died.
To compile the data, researchers partnered with the Syrian American Medical Society, which operates and funds many of the hospitals that have sustained attacks in northern Syria.
SAMS hired eight civilians to visit the scene of attacks once it was safe, interview survivors and witnesses and take photos. The information was sent back to SAMS offices in Gaziantep, Turkey, via text message or an app-based questionnaire. SAMS checked these details against other witnesses' reports.
Haar and her team found that the majority of attacks occurred via aerial bombing, so it was difficult to identify a perpetrator. These attacks from above nearly always damaged structures. As a result of the attacks, eight clinics and hospitals were permanently closed; 41 other health-care facilities closed temporarily.
Even when health facilities manage to survive these attacks, the threat to medical care remains, says Dr. Ahmad Albaik, a physician who works with SAMS to administer health care in Syria. Albaik is based in Gaziantep, Turkey.
Before Albaik worked on this study, he practiced medicine in Aleppo between 2013 and 2015. He saw the effects of these attacks firsthand: Patients begin to fear hospitals because of the risk of bombing during treatment, he says, and doctors would leave areas where clinics sustain attacks. "If they can't have a safe place to work to care for people's lives, and they are a target as well, they will leave," he says.
A previous effort to identify the number of attacks in northern Syria, by Physicians for Human Rights, used information from press reports and social media to tally and verify 90 attacks on health facilities in 2016.
PHR focuses strictly on attacks on health facilities and verifies incidents only after receiving two independent reports. With on-the-ground photos and reports from multiple witnesses, Haar's team could verify more attacks and could also tally attacks on patients, health workers and ambulances.
Although the new data exceeds other estimates of attacks on health care in northern Syria in 2016, Haar still thinks her results underestimate the total violence against medical facilities and workers. "There's probably a whole subset of incidents that everybody's missing," Haar says. SAMS data collectors were much more likely to report attacks on large hospitals than smaller, rural clinics.
"The fact that these numbers are no doubt a minimum is also shocking," says Susannah Sirkin, a senior adviser at Physicians for Human Rights.
Sirkin does not believe the health facilities are suffering collateral damage in general attacks. Because health facilities are often the largest buildings in rural areas of Syria and because hospitals have experienced repeated bombings, she believes they are being deliberately targeted — a violation of humanitarian law.
Haar agrees, noting that most hospitals in Syria no longer display the Red Cross or Red Crescent markings that brands them as medical facilities. "They've been removed because they're creating a giant target, literally," she says. Unfortunately, she says, the GPS coordinates of larger hospitals and clinics are already known, so they're still under threat.
Haar's data shows that 33 hospitals sustained more than one attack in 2016. Two hospitals in Aleppo city were attacked over 10 times. From such a barrage, Sirkin says, "you can infer complete intent to destroy access to health care for the the sick."
According to reports, the Syrian government and Russia, its ally, have denied targeting health facilities.
The violence of the civil war doesn't seem to be letting up. WHO has launched an effort to track attacks on health care facilities, personnel, and patients by combining data from nongovernmental organizations and U.N. agencies. So far, it counts 74 such attacks in Syria in 2018.
"There are no safe places," Albaik says.
Menaka Wilhelm is a freelance writer covering health and technology. She's on Twitter: @menakawilhelm.
Source: Prof Moyo, team take STEM initiative to global varsities | The Herald
Auxilia Katongomara Bulawayo Bureau
HIGHER and Tertiary Education, Science and Technology Development Minister Professor Jonathan Moyo leads a 19-member delegation on a tour of various leading universities across the globe to learn how to incubate industries in line with STEM objectives.
The process involves growing an industry through scientific innovation.
The delegation, which comprises 10 Vice Chancellors from State Universities and officials from the Higher Education Ministry, left Zimbabwe on Friday on a three-week working trip to universities in South Korea, Singapore, Malaysia, India and Cuba.
Higher and Tertiary Education, Science and Technology Development Deputy Minister Dr Godfrey Gandawa said the tour to science universities in Asia and South America is meant to enable the minister and Vice Chancellors to tour industries that are incubated by universities.
Dr Gandawa said the Ministry had rolled out a reform process to re-align current mandates structure, institutional governance and legislative frameworks, programmes, projects and research plans for industrialisation and modernisation through STEM revolution.
“These reforms are aimed at strengthening the capacity of universities to produce quality research, teaching and learning environment where universities incubate industries.
“Incubation of these industries will stimulate economic growth for the nation, facilitate hands-on research, design and technology, industrial attachment and increase revenue streams,” said Dr Gandawa.
He said the ministry was in the process of formulating and drafting a single Act for all sectors.
“Furthermore, and most importantly, the delegation will learn best practices and experiences in industrialised economies. Experiences and lessons to be learnt on industry and incubation resonate with Zimbabwe's Industrialisation and Modernisation Strategy (ZIMIMROST) and the Zim-Asset goal of socio- economic transformation through value-addition and beneficiation,” said Dr Gandawa.
He said local universities are set to benefit through interaction and collaborations with institutions like the Korean Advanced Institute of Science and Technology (KAIST), All Medical Institutes from India and University of Havana, RWTH Aachen University.
Other universities identified as areas of collaboration include the University Tecknologi Petronas in Malaysia, which specialises in Petro chemicals and National University of Singapore.
Dr Gandawa said collaborations between industry and universities are key in the transformation of the country's economy.
“As a country we need to pay serious attention to the effectiveness of our national innovation systems, especially the collaborations between universities and industry which have an opportunity to turn around the fortunes of our economy on many fronts,” he said.
The delegation will make its first stop at Chungnam National University in South Korea before proceeding to Singapore.
The Ministry last year introduced the STEM initiative in high schools to encourage the uptake of science learning as the country's universities were facing a challenge of a shortage in their science and engineering faculties.
Prof Moyo has in the past expressed concern over the high enrolment of students who would have majored in commercial subjects at advanced level into science and technology universities.
He has queried why science universities in the country were neglecting their mandate of science, technology and engineering and majoring in social sciences and commercial faculties.
“Why are we having more students doing commercial subjects at a science and technology institution? Every university you go, there are more commercial students.
‘‘Those in science and technology driven programmes should be the wealth creators and those doing commercial subjects will come in to manage the wealth,” said Prof Moyo.
“Science and technology driven institutions should show that they are knowledge institutions through Patents and Intellectual Property born out of researches that bring solutions to society's needs”.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn
Email
More
Google
Reddit
Brendan Sinclair Senior Editor Tuesday 15th August 2017 Share this article Share
Companies in this article Hutch
UK-based mobile race game developer Hutch is expanding to Canada. The studio behind Hot Wheels: Race Off and Race Kings today announced that it is opening its first overseas office in Nova Scotia.
The company gave a number of reasons for the expansion, saying it will allow Hutch to up its output, broaden capabilities, and access a new talent pool rich in both gaming and technology specialists. Though it was not specifically mentioned, Nova Scotia also advertises a 41.25% digital media tax credit.
At first, the Nova Scotia office will be a software engineering shop, but could expand its responsibilities in the future.
"We've moved up a gear and the expansion will support the various projects currently in the works, allowing us to accelerate our development process and tap into a wealth of local talent," Hutch CEO Shaun Rutland said. "This expansion of capabilities will see us bring a number of new titles to market, keeping our racing loving fans fueled with new and exciting games."
The new office will be headed up by Hutch CTO and co-founder Sean Turner. Prior to helping found the company in 2011, Turner spent more than seven years in technical roles with Sony Computer Entertainment Europe, and another eight years with Criterion Games, where he served as a technical lead.
Source: Zim airport tax to shoot up 100pc – DailyNews Live
Farayi Machamire 14 February 2017
HARARE – Civil Aviation Authority of Zimbabwe (Caaz) has proposed a 100
percent increase in Aviation Infrastructure Development Fund (Aidef) – an
airport tax – to enable it to repay a loan for the upgrading of the Harare
International Airport.
Caaz chief executive officer David Chawota told the parliamentary
portfolio committee on Transport yesterday that the move would help
resource the agency.
“We need a review of Aidef from $5 to $10 for domestic departures and $15
to $30 for international departures,” Chawota said, admitting that
Zimbabwe had one of the highest airport taxes in the region.
Caaz's three major revenue sources are passenger service fees, landing and
parking fees as well as navigation fees which contribute about 85 percent
of its total revenue.
Chawota said the agency's target is to increase operational revenue by 17
percent from $35 million in 2016 to $40,7 million in 2017.
“The Aidef funds are the ones currently repaying the Victoria Falls
Airport loan….For the second batch of the loan, we have approached
government to ask for what was agreed upon before (which is $10 for
domestic departures $30 for international departures),” Chawota said,
adding “what we need is $180 million but we have been advised we can get
$153 million for the (upgrading of) Harare International Airport.”
Chairperson of the committee, Chegutu West Zanu PF MP Dexter Nduna,
expressed concern on what the hike would do to the country's tourism
sector, to which Chawota replied: “The comparison we have done so far is
indicative that we are on the higher-end in the region.
“We are currently reviewing the total cost for Zimbabwe as a
destination…that is one of our strategies for 2017.”
The Aidef as well as the Passenger Service Charge (PSC) are payments due
to Caaz that are ordinarily collected by airlines on its behalf for future
remittance.
Caaz has, however, assumed the role of collecting the PSC and Aidef
charges directly from Air Zimbabwe passengers, a scenario that was causing
a great deal of discomfort to passengers.
This situation has been made worse by the fact that Masvingo Airport and
Joshua Mqabuko Nkomo International Airport have no swipe machines, with
passengers required to pay cash, parliamentarians heard yesterday.
However, Chawota assured legislators that Caaz was moving to become ICT
compliant.
He also said passengers would soon revert to making the PSC and Aidef
payments to Air Zimbabwe saying the two were ironing out their
differences.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn
Email
More
Google
Reddit
Mets left-hander Jason Vargas will have surgery on his non-pitching hand and is unsure whether he will return to New York's starting rotation for the beginning of the regular season.
Vargas, who has been diagnosed with a non-displaced fracture of the hamate bone in his right hand, will undergo the operation Tuesday.
The Mets announced Monday that Vargas would return to his throwing program approximately five days after the surgery, which would give him just over a week to be ready for his scheduled turn in New York's regular-season starting rotation.
Editor's Picks Syndergaard 'super jacked' for Mets' opener Mets pitcher Noah Syndergaard tried to put his second straight opening-day in perspective but let his emotion show.
But after throwing a modified bullpen session Monday, Vargas acknowledged that he could potentially miss a start or two in April, saying his right hand needs to heal to the point where he can catch the ball and grip a bat.
"It's all going to depend on how things go post-op," Vargas told reporters, according to the New York Daily News. "But the word is that I should be able to get back to throwing in about five days after surgery -- that's definitely a positive that I won't have to be shut down and rebuild the throwing program."
Vargas suffered the injury Saturday when he attempted to catch a line drive in a minor league game.
The Mets open the regular season on March 29 at home against the Cardinals. Noah Syndergaard is slated to start the opener, and Jacob deGrom is scheduled to start the Mets' second game on March 31. Mets manager Mickey Callaway has not named a rotation beyond those first two starts.
Vargas, 35, signed a two-year, $16 million deal with the Mets last month after going 18-11 for the Royals last season. He is expected to be part of a talented Mets rotation that includes Syndergaard, deGrom and Matt Harvey.
Zack Wheeler and Steven Matz, who had nine strikeouts in New York's spring training game Monday against the Astros, are competing for the No. 5 spot in the rotation.
New York Mets left-hander Steven Matz has a "slight strain" of his left middle finger and is day-to-day, manager Mickey Callaway said Wednesday.
Matz will not need to go on the disabled list, Callaway said. The strain is near the knuckle of the middle finger.
Editor's Picks Mets hire 1st woman; Cosell's kin to announce The Mets have hired two new public address announcers for Citi Field, including the first woman to hold the job and a grandson of late ABC broadcaster Howard Cosell.
The team does not know if Matz will make his next scheduled start. He left his start against the Atlanta Braves after three innings on Tuesday night with the injury.
In other moves, the Mets sent right-handed reliever Jacob Rhame and outfielder Phillip Evans to Triple-A.
The Mets are recalling relievers Tim Peterson and Buddy Baumann from Triple-A Las Vegas and right-hander Scott Copeland from Double-A Binghamton to reinforce their beleaguered bullpen, which has surrendered late leads in three of their past four games, including Tuesday night's 7-6 loss to the Braves.
ISLAMABAD, Feb 15 (APP): President Mamnoon Hussain on Wednesday commiserated with the bereaved families who lost their loved ones in Mohmand Agency blast.
The President said the nation was indebted to those who sacrificed their lives in foiling the terrorist bid.
Strongly condemning the Mohmand Agency blast, the President said all possible measures would be taken to ensure security of life and property of the people by eliminating terrorism.
He lauded the concerned authorities on foiling the terror bid in Mohmand Agency, according to a press release.
The President also prayed for salvation of the departed souls.
African Reinsurance Corporation (“Africa Re”) announces its membership of Africa Finance Corporation (“AFC”), and becomes the first multi-lateral financial institution to invest in AFC.
Africa Re, owned by 41 African states, approximately 107 insurance/reinsurance companies and non-African strategic investors, is the continent's premier reinsurance corporation, operating across 41 African countries. Africa Re's membership of AFC will be officially sealed at a signing ceremony to be held in Lagos, Nigeria, on February 1, 2018.
Africa Re's membership of AFC advances AFC's growth strategy for its country membership and greater diversification of its shareholding. In recent months, AFC has grown its country membership in Francophone, East and Southern Africa, with the accession in 2017 of Benin, Kenya and Zambia, respectively. AFC now seeks to consolidate this success by further expanding its shareholder base.
Andrew Alli, President and CEO of AFC commented: “We welcome African Reinsurance Corporation (Africa Re) as a member and shareholder of AFC. As the first multilateral financial institution to become a member of AFC, this is a key milestone for us, as the Corporation seeks to further diversify its shareholding. We are, therefore, pleased to welcome Africa's premier reinsurance corporation into membership of AFC and look forward to collaborating with Africa Re to provide innovative solutions to the development and financing of infrastructure assets in Africa.”
Corneille Karekezi, Group Managing Director & Chief Executive Officer of Africa Re, commented: “As a Corporation with both private and public shareholders, we see many synergies with AFC in the pursuit of African continent development agenda as well as business growth. Indeed, we have long admired AFC, and the transformative impact it has made across many of the geographies in which we operate, whilst delivering competitive returns. We are therefore delighted to become a part of one of Africa's best success stories.”
Distributed by Africa Media Agency (AMA) on behalf of Africa Finance Corporation (AFC).
Mike Golic and Trey Wingo try to understand why the Jets are deciding to release their veteran players after the start of training camp. (1:07)
FLORHAM PARK, N.J. -- The perception of the New York Jets by some is they will tank during the 2017 season to improve their draft position for 2018. Matt Forte refuses to believe that.
The mild-mannered running back got a bit defensive when the issue was raised on Wednesday, suggesting the Jets will prove their cynics wrong.
"It's a good thing we don't operate off what the fans think or what everybody on the outside thinks," Forte said at minicamp. "We think as a team ... and none of us on the team think we're going to tank. All I have to say about that is: Bring it."
Jets RB Matt Forte said "Bring it" when it was suggested that the team plans to tank in 2017. Kirby Lee/USA TODAY Sports
The Jets have parted ways with 11 veterans, dumping $68 million in 2017 salary. Many believe they're hoping to get a high pick so they can select one of the top quarterbacks in next year's draft. In the meantime, their roster is filled with young, inexperienced players. Forte bristled when asked if it's good enough to compete in the NFL.
"I mean, what kind of question is that?" he replied. "Do you want me to say no? This is a professional football team, and we have athletes on this team.
"In this league, it's not all about the team that has the most talent on the roster. It's about the guys who have a brotherhood together. They play on the field -- not next to each other, but for each other and make sacrifices to other guys can make plays. That's the kind of culture we've been able to create this offseason."
Forte, 31, is one of only four players in the 30-and-up category. Just recently, the Jets released two popular veterans, wide receiver Eric Decker, 30, and linebacker David Harris, 33.
Coach Todd Bowles has used a college analogy to describe the youth movement, saying his seniors have moved on and it's time for the underclassmen to assume prominent roles.
Bowles, whose job could be on the line, insisted his goal hasn't changed.
"Lucky for me, I don't read the media, but my expectations are high, and the team's expectations are high," he said. "That's really what counts. I'm trying to get to the playoffs and win a Super Bowl, no different than any other year."
Islamabad
Khyber Pakhtunkhwa Governor Iqbal Zafar Jhagra Saturday said politicians should raise issues in the parliament and provincial assemblies rather than criticizing the national institutions. Talking to media, he said the political leadership should avoid criticizing the institutions and instead work for strengthening them as otherwise it would harm the nation.
He said the parliament and provincial assemblies were the best forums to settle issues instead of holding protests against the government policies on the road. Those doing politics of sit-ins and protests were not doing favour to the country, he added. Governor Jhagra said the target killing of a medical student in Kohat was a tragic incident and all institutions concerned were taking steps to arrest the accused, who had gone abroad. Meanwhile, it is reported that Governor Khyber Pakhtunkhwa Engr. Iqbal Zafar Jhagra has given financial assistance cheque amounting one lac rupees to Hazrat Khan of Nowshehra at Governor House here.
It is worth mentioning here that one of his daughter is suffering from eye cancer while his son is suffering from paralysis besides ailing wife. Hazrat Khan expressed gratitude to the Governor for financial help at such a hard time. Governor Khyber Pakhtukhwa Iqbal Zafar Jhagra said the continuity of democratic process would further strengthen economy of the country and democracy was the only solution of all issues.
Talking to APP outside the Parliament House, he said KPK Assembly would complete its tenure and this was the beauty of democracy.—APP
ISLAMABAD : The Election Commission of Pakistan (ECP) on Tuesday informed the Supreme Court that it imposed a ban on recruitment of public servants to stop pre-poll rigging.
A bench of the apex court, headed by Chief Justice of Pakistan (CJP) Mian Saqib Nisar, was hearing a petition pertaining to restrictions on recruitment in all federal and provincial government departments and release of funds for uplift schemes across the country.
The ECP secretary said it is incumbent upon the electoral body to ensure fair and free elections under Article 218 of the Constitution. The ban on government jobs and release of funds ahead of 2018 general elections is aimed to stop pre-poll rigging, he added.
He clarified that no ban has been imposed on recruitment through federal and provincial public service commissions.
The bench, however, transferred the case to the Islamabad High Court (IHC) to decide it within a week.
It directed the high court to hear the case on daily basis and ruled the ban will remain in force until a decision is given by the court.
Orignally published by INP
We need each other-Moitoi
Chinese Ambassador praises Botswana, China relations
At least we now know and understand each other- Foreign Aff airs official
TEFO PHEAGE
After protracted bickering, sabotage and unending threats over the visit of Tibetan spiritual leader the Dalai Lama to Botswana by China, the two governments seem keen to bury the hatchet and let bygones be bygones.
This emerged last week Thursday at the celebration of the 68th anniversary of the founding of the People's Republic of China in Gaborone where both countries were adequately represented. While many expected the two countries to clash on their foreign policy values, they steered away from the issue through deeply diplomatic speeches that reiterated the two countries' commitment to binding bilateral relations.
Botswana's Foreign Affairs Minister Pelonomi Venson-Moitoi stressed that Botswana and China need each other, adding that a lot of African countries have benefited from China's development. She also praised China's contribution to the development of education, technology and economy in her country.
“The most important thing is that we must have sincerity and I know we both need each other,” she said. At the height of the Dalai Lama saga in August, a seemingly fed up President Ian Khama dared China to withdraw their aid and see what Botswana will do in return. Although many viewed Khama's militancy as misdirected for economic reasons while others agreed with him on principle and accused China of imposing its hatred over Lama on Botswana.
However, it seems that this is all water under the bridge now. The Dalai Lama who China had vowed to block by any means possible could not make it to Botswana citing ‘fatigue', a reason that observers blamed on coercion by the Chinese. Diplomatically, both parties can make peace and move forward as if nothing happened but that does not erase anything, a source at the Ministry of Foreign Affairs remarked. “We now know what they are capable of and they now know what we are capable of but bilateral relations are bilateral relations,” he added.
During his speech, the Chinese Ambassador to Botswana Zhao Yanbo spoke about China's achievements in economic and social development, as well as China-Botswana relations.
“In this global village, along with our growing national strength comes greater responsibility. China has played an active role in maintaining world peace and promoting global development,” he said.
Zhao said a record number of about 140 Botswana students have gone to China to study this year thanks to the sponsorship of the Chinese government or at their own expenses.
Bilateral ties have witnessed a steady growth since the establishment of diplomatic relations 42 years ago, he added.
Other attendants at the meeting said Botswana's response to the invitation emphasized the Vice President Mokgweetsi Masisi's commitment to Botswana and China relations.
This was not the first time the two governments were involved in a diplomatic feud. In 2016, they nearly clashed on the issue of the South China Sea after the Ministry of Foreign Affairs and International Cooperation made a statement which implied that China could be meddling in the dispute over the islands. Over and above calling upon countries which laid territorial claim on the Islands to address the matter through established international bodies, the government of Botswana further said “No country, no matter how big its economy or military should impose its power over others to make claims, which may escalate tensions that could result in conflicts.”
China, which has historically laid territorial claim over the islands in South China Sea, responded the following day pouring water on any questions of uncertainty about the sovereignty of the islands as alluded to by Botswana. The Chinese reiterate that China has ample historic and legal basis for its sovereignty over the Nansha Islands and their adjacent waters.
Outdoor family movie night at Hillview on April 27 features “Sing”
Hillview Middle School will be hosting a family outdoor movie night on the field on Friday, April 27 at 7:30 pm. This event is open to all ages, a chance for parents and children to enjoy time together. The school requires that there is one adult present for every eight children who attend and that they stay with their group throughout the movie.
The movie playing will be Sing from Illumination Entertainment, a story of perseverance and determination, rated PG. Bring small bills to buy bake goods along with $2 popcorn, and $1 water. Los Carnalitos, a 5-star Yelp food truck with Mexican cuisine, will be on site at 7:30 pm.
All proceeds from this event will benefit the Leukemia and Lymphoma Society (LLS) and the Juvenile Diabetes Research Foundation (JDRF), an international organization dedicated to raising money to fund and research Type 1 Diabetes.
Interested in attending? RSVP here to help give us an accurate headcount.
If you don't use a lot of mobile data, want your phone service to be as easy to understand as possible, and/or like being connected to all of Google's services, Project Fi is absolutely worth looking into.
For just $20/month for unlimited calls/texts and then $10 per GB of data you use, Project Fi is one of the most compelling MVNOs around — especially when you factor in its excellent roaming support, nationwide coverage, and Bill Protection feature that essentially gives you unlimited everything for just $80/month.
As great as all of this is, however, Project Fi only works with select smartphones. Google's been steadily expanding this list over the years, but it's still fairly limited.
Here's a list of all the phones that currently work on Project Fi.
Google Pixel 2/2 XL
Unsurprisingly, the best way to experience Project Fi is with Google's own Pixel 2 and Pixel 2 XL. Both phones come with the Snapdragon 835 processor, 4GB RAM, the best smartphone cameras on the market right now, and first-in-line access to new versions of Android + security patches.
While the Pixel 2/2 XL are great to use on any carrier, they're a perfect fit for Project Fi thanks to their embedded eSIMs. When you buy a Pixel 2, you don't have to buy a SIM card to use it on Project Fi. Instead, there's SIM technology built into the phones so you can connect to Fi's service with just a few taps.
The Pixel 2 costs $649 (or $27.04/month for 24 months) while the larger Pixel 2 XL costs $849 ($25.38 for 24 months)
See at Project Fi
Google Pixel/Pixel XL
Although they're no longer sold on Project Fi, the original Pixel and Pixel XL work just fine with the service.
You won't find the eSIM technology that the Pixel 2 series has, but if you already own the first-gen Pixel or can find a solid deal on it, Project Fi's a great home for the phone.
See at Amazon
Nexus 6P/Nexus 5X
Similar to the Pixel and Pixel XL, both the Nexus 6P and Nexus 5X also work on Project Fi. These were the two of the first phones that pioneered the service, and while you can't buy them from Fi anymore, they work like any other one you can get.
I wouldn't recommend picking up a Nexus 6P or 5X in 2018, but if you already own one, you owe it to yourself to try it out on Project Fi.
See at Amazon
Nexus 6
This is it. The very first phone that officially supported Project Fi. The Nexus 6 was an incredibly interesting device and was a night and day difference compared to the Nexus 5 that came out a year before it.
The Nexus 6 was comically large and carried a hefty retail starting price of $650, but even so, was still a lot of fun to use.
You can rock the Nexus 6 on Project Fi just fine even in 2018, but like the Nexus 6P and 5X, I wouldn't recommend buying it as your daily driver.
See at Amazon
Moto G6
Going back to phones you can actually purchase on Fi, the Moto G6 is currently the cheapest option available.
For just $249 (currently on sale for $199), the Moto G6 offers a glass design, 5.7-inch 2160 x 1080 display with an 18:9 aspect ratio, Snapdragon 450 processor, 3GB of RAM, and 32GB of expandable storage.
Other specs include 12MP + 5MP dual rear cameras, 8MP selfie camera with its own flash, and a 3,000 mAh battery that supports Quick Charge. Add that together with Android 8.0 Oreo, and you've got one heck of a phone for not much dough.
See at Project Fi
Moto X4 (Android One version)
If you've got a bit more cash to spend but still don't want to break the bank, the Moto X4 is another excellent choice.
The X4 is slightly smaller than the G6 with a 5.2-inch 1920 x 1080 display but still offers a premium glass and metal body. There are dual 12MP + 8MP rear cameras, impressive 16MP front-facing camera, Snapdragon 630 processor, 3GB RAM, and 32GB of expandable storage.
You'd normally spend $399 for the Moto X4, but right now Project Fi is selling it for just $249.
See at Project Fi
LG G7 ThinQ
The G7 ThinQ might look like a generic 2018 Android phone at first glance, and while it is in some regards, offers a few unique features that help it stand out.
First off, you've got the basics of a 6.1-inch 18:9 LCD display, 3,000 mAh battery, Snapdragon 845, 4GB RAM, and 64GB of expandable storage.
The G7's most unique features include a secondary wide-angle rear camera, incredibly loud "Boom Box" speaker, and impressive haptics, but it's up to you if those extra goodies are enough to justify the phone's $749 (or $31.21/month) asking price.
See at Project Fi
LG V35 ThinQ
Last but not least, the most expensive phone in Project Fi's lineup is the LG V35 ThinQ. The V35 is essentially a repackaging of last year's V30 with updated specs, making it an interesting mix of old and new.
Under the hood is the Snapdragon 845, 6GB RAM, 64GB of expandable storage, 3,300 mAh battery, and the G7's front and rear cameras. However, the V35 doesn't have a notch and uses the V30's so-so 6-inch pOLED display.
You'll pay a hefty $899 ($37.46/month) to own the V35, making this a phone that only die-hard LG fans will likely be attracted to.
See at Project Fi
Join Lisa Azizian broadcasting live from Hingham Lumber's Homeowner Event on Saturday, October 14th, from Noon – 2:15 PM, as they celebrate their 70th Anniversary! Refreshments will be served, and there will be lots of giveaways.
Reach Thousands of Potential Customers on The South Shore and Beyond! Call WATD Today for More Info on Radio and Internet Advertising: (781) 837-1166
Advertising
Assembly passes resolution; Opp boycotts
Our Correspondent
Quetta
The Balochistan Assembly on Wednesday passed a resolution seeking a month-long delay in the holding of upcoming general elections, even as the opposition staged a walk-out in protest against the move.
Submitted by Balochistan Home Minister Mir Sarfaraz Ahmed Bugti, the resolution urged the provincial government to approach the federal government with regards to postponing the election for a month and hold it in the last week of August.
The resolution demanded that the elections should be held in August, instead of July this year, because “a majority of the public would undertake Hajj for which [many] would be travelling to Saudi Arabia in July” and hence, they would be unable to vote in the elections.
According to the resolution, the weather in most areas of Balochistan during the days of the scheduled election is unbearably hot “which makes it nearly impossible for voters to participate in the electoral process”. The absence of electricity at polling stations would also make things very difficult for the polling staff, it states.
The resolution expressed concern that the province receives monsoon downpours during the month of July, due to which many districts face flooding and a lot of residents are forced to move to other areas for shelter. Such a situation would deprive these people of the opportunity to vote, the resolution states.
Keeping these concerns in mind, the provincial government is therefore requested to ask the federal government to instead hold the elections in the last week of August so that everyone can exercise their constitutional right to vote, the resolution adds.
President Mamnoon Hussain last week approved a summary sent by the Election Commission of Pakistan for general elections to be held on July 25, 2018.
The current government will complete its five-year term today, May 31. The caretaker government, under the leadership of Justice (retd) Nasirul Mulk, will then take over to ensure a smooth transition of power after the elections.
On the other hand, opposition had warned government against taking any undemocratic move while stressing on holding elections as per schedule. The opposition walked out of the assembly and did not participate in the voting.
Meanwhile, a brawl had erupted in the last session of Balochistan Assembly over demands of making new province out of country's largest province [as per area].
But on the other hand politicians belonging to PML-N, PPP and PTI have rejected the resolution passed by the Balochistan Assembly for delay in elections.
It is worth here to mention that general elections 2018 will be held on July 25 for National Assembly and provincial assemblies.
President Donald Trump asked Attorney General Jeff Sessions to reverse his recusal from the Russia probe last spring in a conversation that is reportedly under investigation by special counsel Robert Mueller. The incident reportedly occurred in March 2017 at Trump's Mar-a-Lago resort in Florida, shortly after Sessions stepped aside amid reports that he had twice met with Russia's ambassador to the U.S. during the campaign — a revelation that went against statements he made during his Senate hearing, according to The New York Times.
The New York Times reports that Trump “berated” the attorney general and urged him to remain in control of the investigation. ( Olivier Douliery / Abaca Press/TNS )
The Times reports that Trump “berated” the attorney general and urged him to remain in control of the investigation. Mueller is reportedly looking into the conversation — as well as Trump's repeated attacks, both public and private, on Sessions — as part of his probe into whether the president obstructed justice by colluding with Russia during his campaign. Rudy Giuliani, the president's personal lawyer, told the Times that Trump was not acting out of turn in his request, and that should he agree to an interview with the special counsel — a deal that's reportedly in negotiations — he should not be obligated to divulge private conversations, such as the one he had with Sessions.
Article Continued Below
The paper also reports that Trump dragged his predecessor Barack Obama into his arguments, telling advisers that the former president's first attorney general, Eric Holder, would never have acted in such a way, and he craved the same loyalty from Sessions. Trump has been vocal about his disdain for Sessions' decision to step aside, and said in July he never would have nominated Sessions had he known that ultimately, he would not be the one overseeing the investigation. Reports that surfaced at the time Sessions recused himself painted a similar picture, with Trump reportedly “erupting with anger” and going “ballistic” over the news, according to ABC News.
Read more about:
IBM wants to bring machine learning to its traditional mainframe customers, and eventually to any technology with large data stores hidden behind a company firewall in what IBM calls a “private cloud.”
Yes mainframes, those ginormous computing machines from an earlier age, are still running inside some of the world's biggest companies including banks, insurance companies, airlines and large retailers. In fact, according to IBM, a modern IBM z Systems mainframe is capable of processing up to 2.5 billion transactions per day – the equivalent of roughly 100 Cyber Mondays every day.
IBM wants to bring some core Watson machine learning smarts to its mainframe clients — and eventually to any computing done inside the data center — to allow them to take advantage of all that data in a more modern machine learning context.
“Over 90 percent of the data in the world can't be Googled. It resides behind firewalls on private clouds. How do we automate intelligence [for these data sources]?,” IBM analytics general manager Rob Thomas postulated.
IBM wants to provide data scientists with the same types of machine learning capabilities in a mainframe environment that they are used to finding in the cloud. The goal is to automate the often monotonous work of creating, testing and deploying analytical models. The solution works with popular open source tools including languages like Scala, Java and Python, and machine learning frameworks like Apache SparkML, TensorFlow and H2O. It's also designed to work with virtually any data type the customer brings to the table.
What IBM is offering besides integrating the open source tools, the secret sauce if you will, is Cognitive Assist for Data Science from IBM Research. It helps choose the best algorithm for the data by checking it against a list of available algorithms and selecting the one that best meets the data scientist's needs, based on the model type and how fast he or she needs the results.
The process should get smarter over time as it ingests more data and sees how the algorithms behave against different data sources. “This allows data scientists to build a model and IBM Machine Learning technology will choose the best algorithm. It then builds a feedback loop because as more data comes in, the algorithm gets updated and gets smarter,” he said.
While the earliest forms of what we call artificial intelligence and machine learning were done on mainframes decades ago, Thomas says this set of tools allows companies running mainframes to take advantage of machine learning technologies in a much more cost-effective way, partly because of open source, and partly because of the algorithms IBM has built to do much of the manual work for them.
He also argues that processing this data in place on the mainframes using these tools is much more cost-effective and practical than it would be to move the same data to the cloud.
This capability will be available for mainframe customers later this quarter. IBM plans to bring machine learning to other data sources sitting inside data centers over time.
Featured Image: IBM
YOUNGSTOWN, Ohio — Cole Gentry scored 21 points and Mark Hughes added 15 points on 5-of-10 shooting from 3-point range to power Wright State to an 83-57 romp over Youngstown State on Saturday.
Gentry connected on 8 of 13 shots from the floor to help the Raiders (18-7, 10-2 Horizon League) finish 29 of 51 (57 per cent). Gentry hit 3 of 6 shots from distance as Wright State shot 41 per cent (9 of 22) from beyond the arc. The Raiders held the Penguins (6-19, 4-8) to 31-per cent shooting from the floor (20 of 65) and 18 per cent (3 of 17) from long range.
Braun Hartfield was the lone Penguin in double figures with 20 points. He added six rebounds and three steals. Naz Bohannon had 13 rebounds to go along with nine points.
Hartfield scored seven as the Penguins jumped out to a 9-2 lead, but Hughes hit two 3s in a 14-0 run and Wright State, which led 40-25 by halftime, never trailed again.
DALTON, Ga. — October 6, 2017 — Engineered Floors, LLC, and Beaulieu Group, LLC, have entered into an asset purchase agreement for substantially all of the operating assets of Beaulieu. The companies had previously announced that they had agreed to terms in a letter of intent. They have now concluded those negotiations and executed a definitive agreement.
Beaulieu, which us under Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection, will seek court approval of this transaction. The transaction is now expected to close in early November. Engineered Floors plans to operate the assets going forward and to continue to grow the residential and commercial businesses.
“This will be good for both our business and the community,” said Robert E. Shaw, chairman and CEO of Engineered Floors.
Posted October 6, 2017
Source: Engineered Floors, LLC.
Group will be led by Pennsylvania's John Coleman and Mississippi's Brandon Presley
Washington—National Association of Regulatory Utility Commissioners President Robert F. Powelson and its Executive Committee have established a new Presidential Natural Gas Access and Expansion Task Force. Pennsylvania Commissioner John Coleman and Mississippi Commissioner Brandon Presley have been appointed as co-chairs, with North Dakota Commissioner Julie Fedorchak serving as vice-chair. The task force will be charged with developing best practices and recommendations regarding natural gas service for underserved and unserved areas of the country, including, but not limited to rural communities.
Many rural communities, which comprise residential, industrial and commercial customers, lack access to low-cost natural gas because of infrastructure issues—local distribution lines and gas utility services are unavailable. These communities must rely on bottled propane, heating oil and other more expensive fuels. The Natural Gas Access and Expansion Task Force will analyze the potential demand for the service extension and expansion of natural gas infrastructure and identify alternative or unconventional approaches to reaching these unserved and underserved areas.
Many communities are considering, researching, or implementing microgrid solutions. The underlying rationale often involves complex business, operational, and economic issues. See our FREE Special Report: Understanding Microgrids . Download it now!
“I am pleased to co-chair this task force. Too many Americans live in communities that lack the basic access to natural gas service—a situation that we hope to remedy through the work of this task force,” said Commissioner Presley.
“I look forward to working with my colleagues on this important task force,” said Commissioner Coleman. “These infrastructure issues that cause added expense, inconvenience or other burdens to consumers who lack natural gas service need to be resolved.”
The Federal Energy Regulatory Commission regulates the rates set for transportation and storage, as well as the operating terms and conditions of interstate pipelines. However, within state boundaries, the gas distribution through pipeline systems owned by local gas distribution companies is regulated by NARUC's members. Moreover, NARUC passed a resolution during its recent 2017 winter meeting on Natural Gas Pipeline Siting Review, member Information Sharing and Tool Kit Initiative, which specifically resolves to ensure continued member education and initiatives on issues relating to the appropriateness of expedited review of interstate natural gas pipeline siting. Other previous resolutions note the need to “explore, examine, and consider adopting alternative rate recovery mechanisms as necessary to accelerate the modernization, replacement and expansion of the nation's natural gas pipeline systems.”
“The work of this task force will be extremely beneficial to NARUC members and their communities, as we undertake this comprehensive study of residential, commercial and industrial access and expansion of natural gas distribution infrastructure,” said President Powelson. “We will better understand the demand for natural gas service in unserved and underserved areas, the barriers and obstacles to such access and expansion (e.g., consumers' inability to pay for access or conversion to natural gas service) and provide relevant economic information on the costs and benefits to expand natural gas distribution infrastructure.”
During the eight-month term of the task force, the group's main focus will be to prepare an analytical report that will:
study current access, expansion and service extension policies for underserved and unserved areas;
examine the need for access and expansion including case studies and review of the barriers and obstacles to such access;
recommend potential mechanisms to address the benefits and opportunities for access and expansion and identifies alternative or unconventional approaches to reaching unserved and underserved areas; and
compile a national “best practices” collection on natural gas access and expansion to underserved and unserved areas.
Also, the task force will coordinate with NARUC's Committee on Gas to help identify opportunities for engagement at NARUC meetings on this issue and collaborate with NARUC-affiliated organizations to collect best practices.
The following state commissioners have been invited to serve on the task force: Ken Anderson (Texas), Stephen Bloom (Oregon), Julie Brown (Florida), Robert Hayden (Massachusetts), Kim O'Guinn (Arkansas), Norman Saari (Michigan), Dianne Solomon (New Jersey), Nick Wagner (Iowa) and Dallas Winslow (Delaware). There are three vacant positions to be filled at the discretion of the NARUC President. The Committee on Gas Chair Stan Wise (Georgia) and co-Vice Chair Diane X. Burman (New York) will serve as active liaisons to the task force.
ATLANTA -- Sean Payton met with New Orleans Saints general manager Mickey Loomis to discuss his coaching future following Sunday's season finale, a source told ESPN. Those talks are expected to continue into the week, as the Saints try to determine whether Payton will keep coaching in New Orleans or Loomis will be willing to explore a trade with another team.
NOLA.com reported that the Los Angeles Rams are expected to ask permission to speak with Payton this week and that Loomis would be open to a possible deal.
The Rams have so far been concentrating on available coaching candidates, but Payton could emerge as a candidate, a source told ESPN.
Payton refused to discuss reports about his coaching future following Sunday's 38-32 loss at Atlanta, saying only, "Next question."
Sean Payton re-upped with the Saints following last season, with a five-year contract worth more than $9 million per year. Stephen Lew/Icon Sportswire
Saints quarterback Drew Brees laughed off questions about the reports that Payton could leave and suggested that he believes they are "completely made up, to be honest with you" because such reports have come up so often in the past but never came to fruition.
Such reports were even stronger and more prevalent throughout last season, before Payton ultimately decided to stay in New Orleans and re-up with a five-year contract worth more than $9 million per season. The San Francisco 49ers and Indianapolis Colts emerged as potential suitors, but the interest wasn't strong enough to sway away Payton.
However, the Rams could prove to be the X factor if the mutual interest is sincere. They are a huge-market team with a ready-made defense and a young quarterback, Jared Goff, whom Payton liked during the pre-draft process last year.
One element the Rams are lacking is draft picks because they sent their 2017 first- and third-rounders to Tennessee when they traded up for Goff last year. As such, it will be interesting to see what the Saints would require in exchange for Payton -- and if the Rams will be willing to pay that price.
Although Loomis and Saints owner Tom Benson might be willing to explore a mutually beneficial trade, this is not a case in which the Saints are eager to push Payton out the door and start from scratch.
A source told ESPN last week that the Saints are happy with the direction the young team has been taking this season, despite a third straight 7-9 finish. The source refuted an NFL Network report that morale is lower in New Orleans this season than it was last year, saying it's quite the opposite.
If Payton does leave, it will apparently come as a surprise to his players.
"I mean, I have no reason to believe otherwise. Sean Payton's our head coach," Brees said. "And honestly, I don't know where you guys are getting this stuff. I guess there's speculation, whatever. I guess anybody can just write whatever they want, and all of a sudden, people think that it's fact or there's some truth to it. I think it's completely made up, to be honest with you. Coach Payton's our head coach, and that's that."
Veteran offensive tackle Zach Strief got a little terse while complaining about the use of unnamed sources that proved to be wrong in years' past.
"First of all, none of us [players] talk about that right now. And second of all, I've said it five times this week, I'm kind of tired of saying it: I'm not commenting on a source without knowing who that source is," Strief said. "Of course [Payton] is not gonna answer [questions on the subject]. Why would he answer that? You give credence to it forever, and it just keeps coming. It's gonna happen every year we're 7-9. It just comes with the territory. There's no need to address it.
"I'm sure the younger guys do [wonder] because I think you'd like to believe things you hear and read in the media. ... I'm sorry, I just ... I understand why that happens, that's what we're gonna write about this time of year. A bunch of teams writing about playoffs, a bunch of teams writing about their coaches getting fired. It is what it is. There's just no reason to talk about it."
Running back Mark Ingram, meanwhile, took a more optimistic approach to talks of his dismissal.
"I mean, there's been rumors about Coach Payton forever, about him leaving. So I don't believe that he's going anywhere," Ingram said. "I feel like even though it was our third season at 7-9, I think there's a lot to look up to, a lot of bright spots on our team. And the team is extremely close, and we're young, and we just continue to thrive together.
"So I feel like, let's just keep this unit together. And Coach Payton and Drew and just, I feel like we're family. So I don't feel like we're gonna be broken up."
A group of artists and musicians are teaming up to turn a former Kensington Market grocery store into a funhouse featuring an art maze, music venue and more. Sometime in August, the former Zimmerman's Fairland store, at 241 Augusta Ave., will be transformed into Fairland Funhouse, an art installation that aspires to look like an “intergalactic hotel.” It will feature themed rooms, with collaborations between local artists and musicians.
The Broadbent Sisters, Joy and Rose, work on their creation for the Fairland Funhouse, set to open in August. ( Rene Johnston / Toronto Star ) A group of artists and designers are building an art-oriented funhouse to open in August. ( Rene Johnston / Toronto Star ) Artists are working on the details of what visitors will find at Fairland Funhouse. ( Rene Johnston / Toronto Star ) Artists are busy constructing the innards of Fairland Funhouse, including a rainbow of foam that will form a mountain, as seen in the rough sketch. ( Rene Johnston / Toronto Star ) Artist Jeff Blackburn is creating paintings for Fairland Funhouse. ( Rene Johnston / Toronto Star )
The pairings are: the Beaches and Broadbent Sisters; Bad Child with Paul Jackson; Lights worked with Christina Mazzulla & Shanna Van Maurik; Jazz Cartier with Casey Watson; New City and Getso; and Jeff Blackburn working with SonReal. Created as a collaboration between Mondo Forma, a new creative collective, and Universal Music — which all of the musical artists are signed with — the goal is to create experiential art inspired by the musician's esthetic. For example, the Broadbent Sisters — Joy and Rose — are multidisciplinary artists who have teamed up with the Beaches, a young all-female rock 'n' roll group fronted by Jordan Miller, the lead singer, and Kylie Miller, who plays guitar. This combination of sister acts seemed perfect.
Article Continued Below
“The organizers approached us and they said, ‘We have the perfect band to pair you with, because they are sisters and fierce, young rock 'n' roll women,'” said Joy Broadbent. “And we listened to their music and said yup,” said Rose. “This is why I was intrigued and it was go great to work with you guys,” said Jordan Miller, who see this as a chance to stretch beyond music. “This is my first art thing. I've done some of the creative direction, and helped direct and collaborating on our music videos, because I think it's really important to have a level of authenticity with everything that you put out as a musician.” Inspired by the Beaches song “Gold,” the pairing has come up with the concept of a sulphuric rock quarry, with a peaceful goddess emerging from the rubble completely surrounded by reflective and iridescent walls. “It will make you feel like you are in a bit of an acid trip,” says Joy.
“Or a seashell. It's very trippy, so you'll feel like you are very much in this vortex room,” says Rose. Other examples of rooms include Jazz Cartier's jungle-themed room, which will feature a 3.5-metre-tall elephant, or SonReal's room, which has large scale cut-outs of cowboys and other characters.
Article Continued Below
Trippy is kind of the entire goal for the Fairland Funhouse, according to Jonah Brotman, one of the folks behind the idea and part of Mondo Forma, who also helps run the House of VR on Queen St. W. He's hoping the current wave of pop art exhibitions — like the ongoing Banksy exhibit, and Instagram and selfie-inspired pop ups like the Live Life Experience put on by American Express — has created an appetite whereby something built completely by local artists can find an audience. “What we really want to do is create something interactive and immersive, and find a way to take people out of their normal day,” he says. “It's been really interesting to see how artists can take the essence of a musician and try to bring that to life in a physical space. It's not boring art just sitting on a wall. You can touch it. You can interact with it. That's the new wave of art; a lot of these spaces are trying to capture people's attention by changing the dynamic of what we call art. That's what excites us about this creative project.” Brotman says the crew is inspired by Burning Man art and, in particular, Meow Wolf, an interactive art exhibit in Sante Fe, New Mexico, which was created by an artists' collective there and has been acclaimed for its approach to this type of large scale art installation. Beyond the art maze, Fairland Funhouse will also have a musical venue for concerts, likely showcasing the featured artists, but the organizers are not yet ready to talk about that programming. There may also be concerts on the roof to coincide with Pedestrian Sundays. As well, a new venue called Liquor Donuts, inspired by the 2014 film WolfCop, will have a temporary space in Fairland during this pop-up. It will take over the entire space once this pop-up art experience is completed. The initial focus is the art maze. Tickets at $20 apiece will be sold at fairlandfunhouse.com beginning July 10.
Share your thoughts
What remains to be seen is how Kensington responds to all of this. It is a tight-knit community that has not reacted well to some previous pop-ups and that particular grocery store site has been contentious in the past. Brotman says he's not worried. “We don't want to be some lame, corporate pop-up. We are the complete opposite of that,” says Brotman. “I can see (the previous controversial pop-ups), but Kensington also has a history of DIY art and that's what this is.” Raju Mudhar is a Toronto-based reporter covering popular culture at the Star. Follow him on Twitter: @rajumudhar
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
Players to watch
USC
CB Adoree' Jackson
Jackson will be the second Jim Thorpe Award winner Penn State has faced this season, but he adds even another dimension to his gamer than Iowa cornerback Desmond King (last year's Thorpe winner) did. The junior from Illinois isn't just a shutdown corner who has intercepted 11 passes and broken up 11 more this season, nor is he just a dynamic kick returner who has brought two kickoffs and two punts back for scores this season. He'll also play a little bit on offense, averaging 9.8 yards on five carries to go along with a 52-yard touchdown catch. So, the Nittany Lions will have to worry not just about the 5-foot-11, 185-pound junior when they're on offense, but when they're on defense, as well.
Penn State
OLB Koa Farmer
Penn State will be playing the Rose Bowl without its steady, developing sophomore linebacker Manny Bowen, who has been suspended for the game for violating team rules. But it may turn out to be a blessing in disguise. The key to containing USC's high-powered offense, at least according to what has been successful this season, is the ability to pressure its gifted quarterback, redshirt freshman Sam Darnold. Well, Farmer has been about the most dynamic pass rusher the Nittany Lions have had down the stretch, even though he has played sparingly. The sophomore from Lake View Terrace, Calif., just a stone's throw from Pasadena, has three sacks in limited action, including one against Wisconsin in the Big Ten Championship Game. Penn State will need him to turn more reps into more production.
ISLAMABAD, Jan 2 (APP): The government has released over Rs 279.475 billion during the first half of the current fiscal year (2016-17) for different social sector developmental projects under Public Sector Development Programme (PSDP) 2016-17 as against the total allocations of Rs 700 billion.
The government released 9.041 billion till December 30 for Pakistan
Atomic Energy Commission (PAEC) against its total allocations of Rs.27.690 billion, according to official data.
The government also released Rs79.086 billion for infrastructure and
development projects under National Highway Authority (NHA) against its total allocation of Rs 42.750 billion for FY 2016-17.
Under PSDP Rs41.262 billion has been released for Water and Power
Development Authority (Power Sector) and other power sector projects as against the total allocation of Rs 130 billion for current fiscal year to overcome the shortage of energy in the country.
Meanwhile, a sum of Rs6.812 billion has been released for Water and
Power Division (Water sector) projects for building the mega water reservoirs as compared to total allocations of Rs31.716 billion in federal PSDP 2016-17.
About Rs8.548 billion has been released for Higher Education
Commission as compared to its total allocation of Rs21.486 billion for the year 2016-17.
An amount of Rs2.594 has been provided to Housing and Works Division against the allocations of Rs.7.330 billion while an amount of Rs.1.562 billion have been released for Finance Division out of total Rs.9.433 billion.
According to the data, the government released Rs4.674 billion for
Interior Division against its total allocations of Rs11.568 billion while an amount of Rs7.586 billion have been released for National Health Services, Regulations and Coordination Division out of its total allocations of Rs23.951 billion.
The government has released Rs42.562 billion for Special Federal
Development Programme for Temporary Displaced Persons (TDPs) and Security Enhancement under current year's development programme for the rehabilitations of TDPs.
The government released Rs6.960 billion for Azad Jammu and Kashmir
(Block and other projects), Rs4.740 Gilgit-Baltistan (Block and Other Projects) and Rs8.335 billion for SAFRON/FATA (Block and Other projects).
The Planning Commission of Pakistan has been following a proper
mechanism to release funds. The commission releases 20 percent funds in first quarter (July-September), 20 percent in second quarter (October-December), third quarter and 30 percent each in third quarter (January-March) and fourth quarter (April-June).
When trying to discover your personality type, there are lots of places to turn to on the internet: you can take the Myers-Briggs personality test to determine your type, you can simply Google "personality test" to see an array of options, or you can keep it simple with a social media quiz (OK, they might not be the most accurate, but they're fun!). One other way to find out more about your personality is to check out the Enneagram test. This test will clue you in to your type, which could reveal a lot about you. So what do the different Enneagram types mean?
Before you understand that, you'll need the basics of what, exactly, the Enneagram test is. The Enneagram test gives you your basic personality type. According to the official website, "Everyone emerges from childhood with one of the nine types dominating their personality, with inborn temperament and other pre-natal factors being the main determinants of our type. This is one area where most all of the major Enneagram authors agree — we are born with a dominant type."
This one dominant type is what shapes our childhood, making us who we are today. The test acknowledges that you might see yourself in many of the different types — maybe even all of them — and, yes, you might have those traits. But the point is that your one basic type is the most important.
You can figure out your type on the official Enneagram Institute website, where you'll have to pay $12 or use a code to take a test. The results are really interesting, and if you're trying to learn more about yourself, the cost is worth it. Once you know your type number, find out exactly what it means below:
Type One: The Reformer Giphy The first type is known as "the reformer" on the Enneagram Institute website. Type Ones are described as perfectionists who are controlled, rational, and principled. Type Ones are driven by a need to be good and right. Integrity and quality are really important to them. Type Ones can be serene and calm, but they can also be judgmental and uncompromising. They can also be very critical of themselves, as they believe there is a "right" and a "wrong" way of doing things. A Type One is likely to be hard on themselves in trying to do the "right" thing, and they think thoroughly before doing or saying anything. Type Ones are also known to experience a lot of anger, but to keep it inside — they are not ones to indulge in emotional outbursts.
Type Two: The Helper Giphy Type Twos are often referred to as "the helper." They are naturally caring and helpful, and they love to please others. Type Twos are generous and supportive, and they want to make the world a better place. They are very genuine and caring, and make excellent friends. However, Type Twos also have a strong need for love and appreciation, which can sometimes come across as negative traits. Type Twos work hard at relationships and they put a lot of energy into them — this is the friend you would go to if you needed someone to listen and offer help in any way. In fact, Type Twos often do so much for other people that they forget to focus on themselves as well.
Type Three: The Achiever Giphy Type Three is called "the achiever" on the official site. While this type is similar to Type One, they are more driven by success and the desire to look as good as possible to others. Type Threes want to be the best, and they'll do anything to get there — these are hard workers who can do a lot of good. Of course, there's a negative side to every type, and for this one, it's that they can be way too focused on their appearance and being seen as successful. At work, Type Threes can be driven, competitive, and extremely focused — this is the person who always jumps at being the leader, and would likely step over others to get where they want to go. They don't deal with their emotions very well, as you can probably imagine. It's not all bad, though: Type Threes are great at communicating and learning from their mistakes. They are super focused and smart and you can probably learn a lot from them.
Type Four: The Individualist Giphy Known as the "individualist" on the official site, Type Fours are extremely sensitive, dramatic, and temperamental. That sounds pretty awful, but there are plenty of positive things about a Type Four personality as well. Type Fours are very creative and see the beauty in almost anything. They are unique and authentic, and tend to have a more romantic view of the world. In their own way, they are very focused and purpose driven, and they are also known for their courage and sensitivity. As you can probably tell, Type Fours are super emotional — maybe a little bit too emotional sometimes. Type Fours can sometimes be too focused on what they don't have while rejecting what they do have.
Type Five: The Investigator Giphy Type Fives are innovative and intense. Type Fives are quiet and reserved, and mainly keeps to themselves. They are also pretty rational and smart. They can be known for their mind, or for more negative traits — many see that quietness as arrogance, and many view Type Fives as people who feel too good for others. While Type Fives are inventive, curious, and perceptive, they lack in the emotional department. Type Fives are known for their ability to detach. If you're a Type Five, chances are good you don't trust many people, have difficulty opening up, and generally prefer to keep to yourself. Type Fives are also known for being hard-workers who are careful and always striving to learn more.
Type Six: The Loyalist Giphy Known as the "loyalist" on the official site, Type Six people are responsible, committed, and always prepared for anything. The positive traits of a Type Six personality is that they are devoted and trustworthy. The negatives? They can allow themselves to worry too much, to become really suspicious and anxious easily. A Type Six is super attuned to their environment, always on the lookout. If you have a Type Six personality, you might find that you have a more negative outlook on life. You tend to worry and stress too much, and you usually focus on the bad stuff rather than the good stuff. But at the same time, this allows you to solve and identify problems in a really unique way. You are also the friend people can rely on and trust, which is always a good thing.
Type Seven: The Enthusiast Giphy A Type Seven is more of an extrovert: someone who is busy and social, who loves to have fun all the time. Type Sevens are known for being optimistic, adventurous, and exciting. Type Sevens know how to have a good time, and that is what they always want to do no matter what. This is a good thing, of course, but it can also be a bad thing: Type Sevens can be impulsive and reckless, totally distracted by the good times and not focused on the important stuff. Type Sevens may be focused on fun, but that doesn't mean they aren't smart. If you're a Type Seven, you're probably very practical, and you think quickly. Type Sevens hate being bored or constrained, so they're always trying to learn new things - which is definitely good. The positive nature of a Type Seven allows them to get through crappy emotions and bad situations pretty easily.
Type Eight: The Challenger Giphy If you're a Type Eight, the official Enneagram site says that you're a "challenger:" someone who is confident, powerful, and dominating. A Type Eight can be a little difficult to handle. This is someone who needs to be in control all the time, who is super strong and sure they can do anything. On the negative side, Type Eights can be aggressive and hard to work with, and they can be a bit too powerful for some people. Type Eights are independent, bold, direct, and intense. Their personality can be kind of a lot — if you're a Type Eight, you might find that you always need to be the one making the decisions or leading the way. When it comes to emotions, Type Eights want to be "strong" and not "weak." They can get angry quickly, and they're not great at dealing with vulnerability.
FIREFIGHTERS ARE called to thousands of ‘disruptive and costly' false alarms costing millions of pounds, The Yorkshire Post can reveal today.
Crews in Yorkshire have been called out to more than 23,000 false fires prompted by automatic alarms at private businesses, hospitals and schools since April 2015, the new figures show.
The potential sum of firefighters' time and resources would total nearly £8m if counted separately from their working day, the investigation can reveal. And, it's emerged, these alarm call outs account for a third of all incidents in some parts of the region.
“The practical cost is in the loss of this lifesaving resource,” said David Williams, chairman of the Yorkshire Fire Brigade's Union.
“We don't want to be at a hospital looking for a fire alarm, when just around the corner someone is hanging out of their window because their house is on fire.
“That's time you can't get back. That's when it's critical.”
The Yorkshire Post investigation, based on a series of Freedom of Information requests to the region's four fire services, found there were a total of 23,281 false call outs to automatic fire alarms since the start of last financial year. The highest number - nearly half the total sum - were in West Yorkshire where firefighters responded 11,064 times. The authority here is now issuing invoices to repeat offenders.
Each call out in North and West Yorkshire takes one fire engine and four firefighters out of service, with an estimated cost of between £323 and £355 an hour.
Critics argue that this isn't money spent, as firefighters would be on duty regardless, but admit this is a huge waste of resource which could be better spent.
“The numbers are down 80 per cent on what they were 10 years ago - but they still count for a third of all incidents that we attend,” said Dave Walton, deputy chief fire officer for West Yorkshire Fire and Rescue Service (WYFRS).
“The fire and rescue resource across Yorkshire is finite - it's no secret that all services are facing budgetary challenges at the moment.
“We won't save millions by not going to false alarms - the cost to us is in terms of opportunity.
“It would give us more opportunity to engage with the public and to do what we are good at - which is to work to reduce fire costs in terms of death, injury and property.”
Fire authorities have been working to tackle the issue, but say the weight of responsibility has to lie with private businesses in ensuring their systems aren't adding to the problem.
“We know from history, from experience, that often it is down to alarms being poorly maintained,” said Mr Walton.
“It's the premises' owner's responsibility.
“If we don't reduce the demand as much as we can, then our fire crews cannot respond to fires, car accidents, to incidents where they are most needed.
“It's in everybody's interests that these are managed well.”
In some areas forceful measures have been put in place in parts of Yorkshire to tackle the number of call outs to automatic fire alarms.
Since 2015, firefighters have been called out to false alarms more than 23,000 times, including thousands of times to hospitals and schools.
As the “unnecessary” cost to critical resource continues, fire services across Yorkshire have taken steps to clamp down on the number of attendances.
“We charge now, for the most persistent,” said David Williams, chair of the Yorkshire Fire Brigade's Union. “We will send a huge bill. We've done everything we can to prevent this from happening.
“We've tried the carrot, now we've got no alternative but to use the stick. And it's a hefty stick - to pay £350 because someone's burnt a bit of toast.”
The estimated cost of call outs - including the use of a fire engine and firefighters' time - is nearly £8m across Yorkshire and £4m in West Yorkshire alone.
But this, the fire service argues, is a “notional figure” as resources would be in place regardless.
“It isn't a true cost of £4m - firefighters are already at work,” said Dave Walton, deputy chief fire officer at West Yorkshire Fire and Rescue Service (WYFRS). “If we didn't go to automatic fire alarms, we wouldn't be £4m better off, the fire engines and firefighters would still be here. But it is a problem.”
WYFRS issued invoices 942 times since April 2015. These aren't fines, the authority stressed, these are an attempt to recoup costs.
“We're not fining people, we don't have the power to do that,” said Mr Walton. “Where people are persistent offenders, we can invoice them. Calls to automatic fire alarms account for approximately a third of all our call outs. It stops our staff going out to community safety initiatives, to training days.”
Since the force started charging repeated offenders two and a half years ago, he said, the number of call outs had fallen nine per cent.
There was evidence that it cost organisations £2,900 for each call out, he added, and the charges were beneficial to all in the long run.
“We will continue to work with those responsible for the affected properties to manage down the demand as we see this as being of benefit to both the wider community and those organisations who host the fire alarms.”
In North Yorkshire, as of April last year, the fire authority also changed the way it responded to calls. Attending each of the thousands of automatic alarms every year was a “huge waste of resources”, North Yorkshire Fire and Rescue Service (NYFRS) said, adding that it was “costly and disruptive” to its fire crews.
Since that time, it has not attended alarms during daylight hours in premises where people do not sleep unless a fire has been confirmed.
It also warned that it might not attend specific premises where there were repeated false alarms and where the cause was not being addressed.
Nicky Brown, chair of the South Yorkshire Fire Brigade's Union, said steps were being also being taken here to tackle the issue.
“South Yorkshire Fire and Rescue Service (SYFRS) have been cutting down the number of calls - and they've been reducing their attendance.
“They've been putting more onus on the premises' managers to ensure it's an actual incident before attending so that we don't send appliances out unnecessarily. It's a waste of resources.
“But if a fire alarm is going off, we have to send a firefighter out because there's no way of knowing. The one time you don't go, there could be drastic consequences.” ‘
By Albert Futukpor, GNA
Tamale, April 24, GNA - The Peasant Farmers Association of Ghana (PFAG) has called on the government to come up with a pragmatic and permanent solution to the Fulani herdsmen menace in the country.
This was contained in a petition by PFAG signed by its National President, Abdul Rahman Mohammed, and presented to the Northern Regional Coordinating Council (RCC) in Tamale on Tuesday for onward presentation to the President of the Republic.
Northern sector members of PFAG held a demonstration on some principal streets of Tamale to draw attention to the activities of Fulani herdsmen and later converged at the RCC to present the petition to the government.
The petition arose out of PFAG's recent meeting held on January 24, 2018, at Techiman, to deliberate on the Fulani herdsmen menace.
Reverend John Akaribo, Member of PFAG, who read the petition, said it had become necessary because of the debilitating effect of the activities of the Fulani herdsmen on the livelihoods of farmers and property alike in the communities in which the herdsmen operated.
Rev Akaribo said “We are of the firm belief that due to years of neglect by duty-bearers to find a lasting solution to the issue and thereby failing to protect lives and property of PFAG members from the onslaught of the Fulani herdsmen, the herdsmen have been emboldened to perpetuate their unlawful acts.”
He said PFAG members had over the years suffered many atrocities at the hands of the herdsmen citing various instances of attacks by the herdsmen on crop farmers across the country including; destruction of farm crops.
He said “The issue of the Fulani herdsmen has become an issue of food and income insecurity for smallholder farmers in the affected regions by reason of the aforesaid deliberate and wanton destruction of farmlands, raping of women and killings. The women farmers in particular bear the heavier brunt of this insecurity.”
Mr Akaribo said “PFAG members are rapidly losing patience and confidence in the handling of the issue and that the said food and income insecurity of our members is likely to degenerate into an issue of national insecurity if the right steps are not taken to immediately address our aged-old concerns.”
He called for a timely intervention by the government to salvage the situation.
Mr Solomon Boar, Deputy Northern Regional Minister, who received the petition, said government was working to create a corridor for herdsmen to avoid the destruction of farm crops.
GNA
Gintama takes place in an alternate Edo-period Japan, where an Alien race has taken control, forcing Samurai to lay down their swords. Once feared as the “White Demon,” former samurai Gintoki Sakata now works as an everyday handyman – until a master swordsman tasks Gintoki and his friends with finding the cursed sword Benizakura to keep it from falling into the wrong hands. Packed with the sword-swinging sci-fi action and offbeat humor that have made the manga a classic, GINTAMA is bound to delight both fans and anyone looking for a journey to a visually-stunning universe where fantastical action lurks just around every corner.
A second live-actionfilm is in the works and it's set for release in Japan on August 17, 2018. The first film was released in Japan on July 14 and was eventually released in North America last month, on January 19, 2018. If another 6-month delay occurs, North American manga and anime fans can expect the sequel to make its way stateside in February.The first film is also set for release on Blu-ray and DVD for the Western region, on March 6, courtesy of Well Go USA.The Gintama manga from Hideaki Sorachi began circulation in Japan back in 2004 and consistently ranks as one of the industry's bestsellers. However, it's recently been announced that the series is ending soon and that January will see the "climax" of its final arc released in next week's new issue of Shueisha's Weekly Shōnen Jump.
EDMONTON—A group of chemists and Indigenous leaders have their “ion” reconciliation. Part of the solution in precipitating change is incorporating Indigenous ways of knowing alongside western ideas in chemistry education, said Dr. Malcolm King, a University of Saskatchewan professor who is a member of the New Credit First Nation in Ontario.
Dr. Malcolm King hopes western and Indigenous ways of learning can come together in fields like chemistry. ( Catherine Griwkowsky / StarMetro Edmonton )
King is in town to be a keynote speaker at the 101st Canadian Chemistry Conference and Exhibition that runs from May 27 to 31 at the Shaw Conference Centre in Edmonton. StarMetro Edmonton talked to him about what chemists can learn from Indigenous teachings and how he'd like to see education change. Note: The following has been edited and condensed for clarity.
Article Continued Below
Question: What does Indigenization of chemistry mean? Malcolm King: I suppose we should start back a little bit — what does Indigenization really mean? It's something I personally prefer not to use because, in some senses, Indigenization could be considered the reverse of colonization. In other words, the European and other colonizers came here and did all these things to us, the Indigenous community, over 400 years. Now, with Indigenization, you can just reverse that and start doing the same thing. I prefer the concept of reconciliation. I think a lot of people who are serious about Indigenization really are talking about reconciliation, which is a reversal of a process of effects of colonization, but not to the point it duplicates in reverse the negative things. Indigenization would be then re-establishing those relationships that are built on reciprocity and mutual respect for each other's knowledge and ways of looking at the world.
Q: How can we decolonize and work toward reconciliation in education? MK: We need to actively work at gatherings where we would get together with those who have Indigenous knowledge and Indigenous ways of knowing, experts in the communities.
Article Continued Below
They don't have PhD degrees and professorships, but communities recognize them as knowledge-holders. Really, the equivalent status as professors, physicians and engineers in their own communities. My approach would be to organize meetings between academic people who do want to learn other ways, to learn about Indigenous ways, and to develop those dialogues. It might require a facilitator, someone who is already able to bridge those two things. It's going to require some resources and certainly going to require time and effort on the part of the academics. It won't just spontaneously happen by itself. Q: What are some examples of Indigenous knowledge that could be applied to chemistry, even if it's not this Eurocentric idea of chemistry? MK: Some of the stuff, for instance, would be the knowledge of Indigenous plants and how they develop. It's not organic chemistry, it's certainly not inorganic chemistry, but it's natural products chemistry. To realize it's not just a plant, but to actually observe those plants and to learn from the traditional knowledge that was passed down to you. It might be timed to a certain moon of the year, the season, the climate, the weather and that there are some optimal moments, a sweet spot, when the plant's properties are just right. Learning how to gather and preserve those plants, transporting them over long distances, harvesting, still goes on. People go long distances to find the plant at the right moment. There's a knowledge about it, a science, if you like. By learning from those Indigenous scholars, the western scientists will have a better idea of where to look for the active ingredient properties that they're really after. It's not true that Indigenous people don't share, but they don't share with people who don't share nicely. There's a distrust there. That trustful relationship needs to be built up. No one wants to be taken advantage of. That's certainly true with Indigenous people. Q: Why is education important to reconciliation? MK: It's important in a very general way. In our elementary and high school education, we haven't told the whole side of the story. It's been very one-sided. In some ways, it's been very two-sided, because in French Canada, there's a very different basic education than there is in English Canada. The third side is the Indigenous side. That's been essentially suppressed for all of these years. Q: What are some of the barriers for Indigenous people getting into science, or chemistry? MK: The fact that science education is not put forward as a good option. Students tend to take other options that aren't in the sciences. They're already self-selected for other types of education by the time they leave their community for post-secondary. This isn't just in isolated communities. You'd find some of the same things happening at Maskwacis or Saddle Lake, an easy driving distance from Edmonton. The science education in those communities is weak compared to arts, literature and social sciences. People get selected out for what they can manage in university. It's a struggle for those who want to continue in science. One way to reduce the barrier would be to make science more interesting for Indigenous students. So, at the very least, we should start by bringing western and Indigenous science together in our Indigenous communities. For heaven's sakes, let's start at home.
Read more about:
Follow Viknesh Add to circle
2018 Roush F-250 Super Duty Enlarge Photo
If you're looking for performance on a grand scale, Roush's take on the F-250 Super Duty may be the way to go.
The Ford tuner extraordinaire has started a tuning program for the F-250 that enhances the look of the vehicle and improves its performance off-road, all while maintaining the factory payload and towing capabilities.
The package is designed for F-250s equipped with the 6.7-liter turbocharged V-8 diesel engine and includes an exhaust system to let the 440 horsepower, 925 pound-feet of torque monster breathe a little easier.
The rest of the upgrades are mainly cosmetic although Roush does add some functional off-road gear. The list includes a 1.5-inch lift courtesy of a Fox suspension system, as well as 20-inch bead lock wheels and flat-washer lug nuts the company says helps keep the F-250's factory tow ratings intact. The standard tires are a set of BFGoodrich KO2 325/60R20 off-road rubber.
2018 Roush F-250 Super Duty Enlarge Photo
The exterior is given a tougher look thanks to a new grille, front bumper cover and body-colored fender flares. On top of this, Roush adds a mean-looking graphics package.
On the inside, the designers added embroidered headrests, a serialized console badge and WeatherTech floor mats to complement the truck's rugged exterior theme.
Pricing for Roush's F-250 tuning program starts at $13,880. Some optional extras include a console vault ($390) and Roush Off-Road Utility Kit full of recovery items ($195).
This comes despite repeated attempts by Arabtec to turn around financial performance, with the company having announced in June 2016 it will pull Dh1 billion out of its statutory reserve to extinguish some losses. Arabtec also recently appointed a new chief executive officer, and has been implementing cost-cutting measures.
Since Reese Witherspoon portrayed an outdoorsy adventurer in the movie Wild, it seems a trick or two she learned from the experience has slipped into her real life. Witherspoon recently took her 13-year-old son Deacon Phillippe on an adventure-filled camping trip, and they honestly look like they're having the time of their lives.
Witherspoon first tipped off her fans that some Wild-esque fun was coming with an Instagram video on a helicopter more than 2,600 feet in the air.
https://www.instagram.com/p/BVQAI5dhfv0/?taken-by=reesewitherspoon&hl=en #Wilderness here we come! 🌎🌲🌲🌲 A post shared by Reese Witherspoon (@reesewitherspoon) on Jun 12, 2017 at 11:44am PDT
The trip only got more exciting from there, if you can believe it. In a series of Instagram and Snapchat posts, Witherspoon cataloged a day full of water sports, wetsuits, and kayaking.
While the activities looked fun, the best part was the obvious mother-son bonding between Witherspoon and Deacon. Deacon even showed himself to be a helpful camping buddy when he gave Witherspoon a hand with her drysuit on Snapchat.
The two nature fans also went on a camping trip last year together, and it's pretty cool to see how much Deacon has grown in such a short amount of time.
VIDEO: 10 Times Reese Witherspoon Was the Coolest Mom
RELATED: Which Big Little Lies Mom Is Reese Witherspoon IRL?
With two annual camping trips under their belt, it looks like this mother-son duo might have a tradition on their hands. We're hoping this means we can expect even more adventure pictures next year.
NEW YORK -- It was 8 a.m. and Todd Frazier needed a little more sleep. The New York Yankees third baseman had played the night before with his new team, so he craved some extra shut-eye. But his 3-year-old son, Blake, had other ideas.
“Dad?” Blake called.
"Go back to bed," his father whispered. "Daddy needs to sleep a little more.”
But Blake insisted: “I need to hit homers!”
Frazier smiled as he shared the story. “How do you say no to that?” he said. “I get up and throw about 20 and he says, ‘All right, I can go back to bed now.' It was just the most unbelievable thing I have ever seen in my life. Those are the things you will cherish forever.”
Before He Was The Toddfather ... Here are a few of former Little League World Series champion Todd Frazier's favorite things from his childhood: Favorite player: Paul O'Neill Favorite non-MLB athlete: Charles Barkley Favorite movie: The Sandlot Favorite position: Pitcher What he wanted to be (if not a baseball player): Special needs teacher
Todd Frazier and his family have a ton of baseball memories to cherish. Frazier, 31, is a big league veteran, a two-time All-Star and a Little League World Series champion who achieved early fame when he got his picture taken, in his Toms River East uniform, standing next to Derek Jeter on the field at Yankee Stadium. His middle brother, Jeff, played nine games in the majors with the Tigers in 2010, while his oldest brother, Charlie, was a sixth-round draft pick by the Marlins who advanced to Double-A.
While Todd didn't have a favorite team growing up, preferring to root for certain players, Jeff, who is three years older, was a Mets fan and Charlie, six years older, was a Yankees fan. Todd's team these days will have Charlie smiling all the way to the Bronx and Queens this week.
“That's what I love about this,” Charlie said. “I'm the Yankee fan. Jeff is the Met fan. And Todd just smattered all around. Once he got traded to the Yankees, this is a dream come true.”
It wasn't the first dream to come true. When Todd's Toms River East team made its run to the Little League World Series title in 1998, it led to a pregame photo with the Yankees captain that has become a part of New York baseball lore.
“It was cool,” Frazier said. “It was unforgettable. You are at old Yankee Stadium, throwing the ball around, watching batting practice. It was a really, really cool experience and my teammates at the time, we had a lot of Yankee fans on that team.”
What stands out about Frazier -- and what has made him so popular in every clubhouse he has been in -- is that he is still just a regular guy from New Jersey. Todd treats everyone as equals, busting the chops of an Aaron Judge one minute and a clubhouse attendant the next.
Todd Frazier celebrated his 2015 Home Run Derby title with his son, Blake. Photo by Elsa/Getty Images
“He's very genuine,” said Jordan Descafano, who grew up with Frazier in Toms River and is still close with him. “I took my fiancée's dad to the game last year. By the end of the game, he said, ‘I feel like I've known him for 10 years.' He came up to him and gave him a hug after the game. That's just the way he makes you feel, even if you've known him for one minute or your whole life.”
In 1995, Jeff Frazier's Toms River East team also made it to Williamsport, Pennsylvania, and the Little League World Series, but lost before reaching the finals.
“In 1995, my brother went to the Little League World Series so it kind of put us on the map,” Todd Frazier said. “Everyone knew that the 9-year-old team -- I was 9 at the time -- it was like, ‘OK, who's next?' It is not just a one-time deal. We knew we had a good team coming up. We won the 10-year-old tournament. We won the 11-year-old tournament. When we got to 12, it was like, ‘Here we go.' When we played against the rival Little League team, we were playing in front of 2,000 people.”
The '98 Toms River East team almost didn't make it out of the districts. When it played Toms River (no East), it lost the first game, as Descafano picked up the game-winning hit off Frazier. To this day, Descafano's mom has the newspaper clipping on her refrigerator.
“Every time I go over there, she always messes around with me,” Frazier said. “It is funny. It is a good running joke. He is my best friend. I'll give him that accolade. That is the only thing he has got on me.”
Led by Frazier, Toms River East went on to beat Toms River twice in the double-elimination format. On they went to Williamsport and the championship. It has been quite a baseball ride for the Frazier family.
So who's got next? Well, 3-year-old Blake is only nine years away from being eligible for the Little League World Series. Time to hit some more homers.
Streets flooded, NDMA sends out alert
Staff Reporter
Lahore
At least six people have lost their lives in monsoon downpours that have caused the streets of Lahore to flood, the National Disaster Management Authority (NDMA) said on Tuesday.
Of the six who died in Lahore, four passed away due to electrocution while two others lost their lives after being buried under the debris of collapsed buildings.
A large sinkhole has also appeared on the Mall Road near DPO Chowk. It has filled with rainwater and it is feared that the water may affect the underground Orange Line Metro station nearby.
The destruction has been caused by heavy downpours that dumped 177 millimetres of rainwater on the city over the past 24 hours.
In light of the situation, the NDMA has also sent out a monsoon alert, warning that more rainfall is expected in the next 48 to 72 hours.
According to the NDMA, there may be flooding in the River Ravi and areas connected to it. The alert has also said that there may be some urban flooding in Rawalpindi as well.
The rain, which is still continuing, resulted in 200 electricity feeders trip
In city, plugging different areas into darkness. Accoring to Lahore Electricity Supply Company officials work is underway to bring feeders back home.
Irked citizens were quick to remind former chief minister Shahbaz Sharif about his claims that his government has turned Lahore into Paris.
“Finally Shahbaz Sharif succeeded in making Lahore into a European city. But It's Venice, not Paris.”
Shahbaz Sharif, on the other hand, tweeted that he would be cancelling his meeting with the workers convention in Kasur due to “incessant rain” and that that he hopes “that the caretaker administration is taking care of you in such torrential rains.”
Punjab Caretaker CM Hassan Askari, while visiting affected parts of Lahore, told the media that a committee will be formed to find out what caused the sinkhole at DPO Chowk. “Whoever is found responsible will be held accountable,” CM Askari said while adding that the previous government is responsible for the chaos that has ensued because of the rains.
Share on: WhatsApp
NEWBORN: Kody was born on New Year's Day at Lismore Base.
MEET baby Kody Piper, one of the first babies born on the Northern Rivers in 2017.
The baby boy's big entrance was a new year surprise for the Piper family, of Tullera.
Surrounded by family, Lyndell Piper gave birth to her first son on January 1 at Lismore Base Hospital, five days before his due date.
Lyndell's husband Simon rushed to the hospital from work when he heard his wife had gone into labour with contractions and back pain earlier that day.
For Simon, the back pain was a telling sign baby Kody would be born on New Year's Day because the pain was similar to what Lyndell felt before the birth of the pair's first child, Torah.
"He was the one saying, 'this is it, this is it'," Lyndell said.
"It was a lot more comfortable the second time round."
The newborn is the apple of his sister Torah's eye, with the 22-month-old doting over her tiny brother.
But it wasn't all love at first sight for Torah, the second-time mum revealed.
"She was a bit stand-offish but now it's bubby this and bubby that; she just wants to be where bubby is," Lyndell said.
While baby Kody is among the first newborns on the Northern Rivers this year, Lyndell said baby number two marked the final addition to their little family.
"For us, we are happy with two and we were just lucky to get one of each," she said.
Little Kody was the first baby of the year to be born at Lismore Base Hospital, staff at the maternity unit confirmed.
A spokeswoman from Byron Central Hospital's maternity unit said they had no new arrivals on New Year's Day.
ENTERTAINMENT
(Yonhap)
(Yonhap)
(Yonhap)
Hwang Chi-yeol, one of the best-known tear-jerking balladeers in K-pop history, has returned with an ever-deeper voice to deliver emotion in a new EP.Drenched in heart-melting strings and melodies, Hwang's second EP, “Be Myself,” is led by “The Only Star,” a poignant ballad displaying the singer's romantic side.Likening his lover to his only star, he wails, “I only think about you. ... Why does my heart beat?/Because you are my star,” in the syrupy song penned by the singer himself.“I think this is the first time I wrote a bright song in my career, as I've always talked about sorrow and heartbreaking feelings in my past works,” said Hwang at a media showcase for “Be Myself” in Seoul on Tuesday.“I wrote it while thinking about the smiley faces of my fans.”The album is his second EP, following “Be Ordinary,” his first EP released in June last year that led him to become the best-selling solo artist in the first half of that year. While his breakout album, which put a decisive end to his years as an obscure singer, shed light on his ordinary life, the new EP focuses more on his own emotions, he said. He also shared he watched several movies in the process of creating the album, which helped him boost his raw emotion and add some drama into the songs.The seven-track ballad album also includes “Memories” and “Be Back,” composed and written by Hwang.“I participated in making this album to expand my musical spectrum and color. I think my voice appeals to people and embraces their hearts, drawing emotions out of them. ‘Be Myself' is like a starting point where I want to begin molding my own musicality,” he said.Hwang also expressed how much the Tuesday event meant to him, as it marked his first ever showcase held in Korea. Hwang, who has a large following in Chinese-speaking countries, has showcased his new albums in Taiwan, Hong Kong and Japan, but hasn't held such an event in his home country.“I thought showcases were only for idol stars. I am so grateful for having this first showcase in Korea in my life,” he said.Following his debut in 2007 with full-length album “Five Sense,” the now 35-year-old singer lingered in obscurity for nearly a decade. He appeared on various TV and radio shows for a year after his debut, but disappeared from the stage when his previous management company closed due to financial difficulties.But he experienced a reversal of fortunes in 2016 when China‘s Hunan TV invited him to participate in the fourth season of “I Am a Singer,” a Chinese adaptation of the popular South Korean singing competition program. Having snatched the No. 1 spot on two seasons of the Chinese program, Hwang became a sensation across the country and won the title: “Man of the Continent.”Asked by a Chinese reporter if he has plans for a Chinese release, Hwang said he has continuously been writing songs for Chinese fans.“If I have a good chance, I would like to sing ‘The Only Star' in Chinese. I've also been seeking opportunities to work on new Chinese songs,” said Hwang, who also revealed his hope to learn Chinese traditional music to incorporate in his upcoming Chinese releases.“As I've received so much love from Chinese fans, I would like to communicate with them more intimately,” he added.Hwang has recently appeared in KBS2's idol rebooting competition show “The Unit” as a mentor. He also hosted the second season of KBS music competition “Immortal Songs,” alongside Shin Dong-yup, Jung Jae-hyung and Moon Hee-jun.
Trinity running back Courage Keihn (21) tries to get past Southlake Carroll Jacob Doddridge (48) during the first half Friday night, October 6, 2017, at Pennington Field in Bedford. Steve Nurenberg Special to the Star-Telegram
Phillips 66, an energy manufacturing and logistics company, announces its 2018 capital budget of $2.3 billion, which includes $1.4 billion of growth capital and $0.9 billion of sustaining capital.
“The 2018 capital program demonstrates our commitment to disciplined capital allocation and operating excellence”
“The 2018 capital program demonstrates our commitment to disciplined capital allocation and operating excellence,” said chairman and CEO Greg Garland. “We continue to make sustaining capital investments to maintain the integrity of our assets and ensure safe, reliable and environmentally responsible operations. Our growth budget promotes value through investment in capital projects offering attractive returns. Long-term, we continue to target re-investing 60 percent of our cash flow back into the business and returning 40 percent to our shareholders.”
In Midstream, Phillips 66 plans to invest $1.2 billion, including $1.0 billion of growth capital, in its Natural Gas Liquids (NGL) and Transportation businesses. The company is developing growth projects integrated with its existing assets and infrastructure, such as ongoing expansion of the Beaumont Terminal, additional Gulf Coast fractionation capacity, and investment in pipelines and other terminals.
Midstream capital includes budgeted spending of $595 million by Phillips 66 Partners, with $85 million directed toward maintenance. Growth capital at the partnership will support organic projects, such as the Sand Hills Pipeline expansion, completion of the Bayou Bridge Pipeline eastern segment, and an isomerization unit at the Phillips 66 Lake Charles Refinery.
Phillips 66 plans $827 million of capital spending in Refining, with $541 million for reliability, safety and environmental projects. Refining growth capital of $286 million is for small, high-return, quick payout projects primarily to increase clean product yields. Projects include completion of the fluid catalytic cracking (FCC) unit modernization at the Bayway Refinery and FCC optimization at the Sweeny Refinery.
In Marketing and Specialties, the company intends to invest $140 million of growth and sustaining capital. The growth investment will further increase retail sites in Europe.
In Corporate and Other, the company plans to fund $116 million in projects, primarily related to information technology and facilities.
Phillips 66's proportionate share of capital spending by joint ventures Chevron Phillips Chemical Company LLC (CPChem), DCP Midstream, LLC (DCP Midstream) and WRB Refining LP (WRB) is expected to be $946 million. Including these equity affiliates, the company's total 2018 capital program is projected to be $3.2 billion.
In Chemicals, Phillips 66's share of CPChem's 2018 capital expenditures is expected to be $398 million, a decrease of about 45 percent from 2017 due to completion of the U.S. Gulf Coast Petrochemicals Project. The new polyethylene units included in this project started up during the third quarter of 2017, while commissioning of the ethane cracker at the Cedar Bayou facility is expected to begin in the first quarter of 2018. Phillips 66's expected share of DCP Midstream's 2018 capital spending is $405 million, with $350 million targeted for growth projects including the Sand Hills Pipeline expansion and two DJ Basin gas processing plants. The company's expected share of WRB's capital expenditures is $143 million, and includes completion of the Wood River Refinery FCC unit modernization to increase clean product yield. Capital spending by these three major joint ventures is expected to be self-funded.
President Donald Trump (Photo: Pablo Martinez Monsivais / AP)
Washington — President Donald Trump is allowing more employers to opt out of providing no-cost birth control to women by claiming religious or moral objections, issuing new rules Friday that take another step in rolling back the Obama health care law.
The new policy is a long-expected revision to federal rules that require most companies to cover birth control as preventive care for women, at no additional cost. Preventive services are supposed to be free of charge to employees and their dependents under former President Barack Obama's Affordable Care Act.
Trump's religious and moral exemption is expected to galvanize both his opponents and religious conservatives that back him, but it's likely to have a limited impact on America's largely secular workplaces. Most women no longer pay for birth control, and advocates immediately announced plans to try to block the new rule in court.
The top Democrat in the House says the Trump administration's decision is despicable.
Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi says in a statement: “This administration's contempt for women reaches a new low with this appalling decision to enable employers and health plans to deny women basic coverage for contraception.”
The California lawmaker says Barack Obama's Affordable Care Act ensured access to preventive care for millions of women. She says Republicans, including House GOP lawmakers, have launched a “sickening attack” on women's health.
House Speaker Paul Ryan welcomed the decision, calling it “a landmark day for religious liberty.”
Although tens of thousands of women could be affected by Trump's new policy, the vast majority of companies have no qualms about offering birth control benefits through their health plans. Human resource managers recognize that employers get an economic benefit from helping women space out their pregnancies, since female workers are central to most enterprises.
The administration estimated that some 200 employers who have already voiced objections to the Obama-era policy would qualify for the expanded opt-out, and that 120,000 women would be affected. However, it's unclear how major religious-affiliated employers such as Catholic hospitals and universities will respond.
Since contraception became a covered preventive benefit, the share of women employees paying their own money for birth control pills has plunged to under 4 percent, from 21 percent, according to the Kaiser Family Foundation.
The Trump administration's revision broadens a religious exemption that previously applied to houses of worship, religiously affiliated nonprofit groups, and closely-held private companies. Administration officials said the new policy defends religious freedom. Privately owned for-profit companies, as well as publicly-traded for-profit companies will be able to seek an exemption.
Officials also said the administration is tightening oversight of how plans sold under the health law cover abortion. With limited exceptions, abortions can only be paid for through a separate premium collected from enrollees. No public subsidies can be used, except in cases that involve rape, incest, or preserving the life of the mother.
Doctors' groups that were key to derailing Republican plans to repeal the health law outright expressed dismay over the administration's move on birth control.
The American Congress of Obstetricians and Gynecologists said the new policy could reverse the recent progress in lowering the nation's rate of unintended pregnancies.
“Instead of fulfilling its mission ‘to enhance and protect the health and well-being of all Americans,' HHS leaders under the current administration are focused on turning back the clock on women's health,” said the organization's president, Dr. Haywood Brown.
Women's groups said they would try to stop the administration from carrying out the changes.
“The rules give employers a license to discriminate against women,” said Fatima Goss Graves, president of the National Women's Law Center. “We will take immediate legal steps to block these unfair and discriminatory rules.”
Administration officials said the new policy takes effect right away.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Read or Share this story: http://detne.ws/2wCaivk
Sheer Number Of Attacks On Health Facilities In Syria Shocks Researcher
Enlarge this image toggle caption George Ourfalian /AFP/Getty Images George Ourfalian /AFP/Getty Images
How many attacks are there on health care facilities in Syria?
Dr. Rohini Haar, a public health researcher at the University of California, Berkeley, led a team that collected ground reports of attacks in 2016 in northern Syria, filed by civilians via cellphone text.
Haar wanted to find out if human rights organizations were missing anything in their reports. Sending outside investigators into a country, or monitoring news reports and social media, certainly has merit, she thought. "But that doesn't capture all the stuff that goes on day to day that people don't realize is also a violation of international law," she says.
She was shocked by the relentlessness of the attacks.
The data, which appears Tuesday in the journal PLOS Medicine, shows a total of 200 health care-related attacks in the governorates of Aleppo, Idleb, Homs and Hama. Haar and her team focused on these provinces because they include large, historically rebel-held cities — Idleb and Aleppo — that had already sustained a lot of violence.
Over 2016 that averages out to more than one attack every other day, says Haar. In the attacks her team analyzed, 112 health-care staff and 185 patients died.
To compile the data, researchers partnered with the Syrian American Medical Society, which operates and funds many of the hospitals that have sustained attacks in northern Syria.
SAMS hired eight civilians to visit the scene of attacks once it was safe, interview survivors and witnesses and take photos. The information was sent back to SAMS offices in Gaziantep, Turkey, via text message or an app-based questionnaire. SAMS checked these details against other witnesses' reports.
Haar and her team found that the majority of attacks occurred via aerial bombing, so it was difficult to identify a perpetrator. These attacks from above nearly always damaged structures. As a result of the attacks, eight clinics and hospitals were permanently closed; 41 other health-care facilities closed temporarily.
Even when health facilities manage to survive these attacks, the threat to medical care remains, says Dr. Ahmad Albaik, a physician who works with SAMS to administer health care in Syria. Albaik is based in Gaziantep, Turkey.
Before Albaik worked on this study, he practiced medicine in Aleppo between 2013 and 2015. He saw the effects of these attacks firsthand: Patients begin to fear hospitals because of the risk of bombing during treatment, he says, and doctors would leave areas where clinics sustain attacks. "If they can't have a safe place to work to care for people's lives, and they are a target as well, they will leave," he says.
A previous effort to identify the number of attacks in northern Syria, by Physicians for Human Rights, used information from press reports and social media to tally and verify 90 attacks on health facilities in 2016.
PHR focuses strictly on attacks on health facilities and verifies incidents only after receiving two independent reports. With on-the-ground photos and reports from multiple witnesses, Haar's team could verify more attacks and could also tally attacks on patients, health workers and ambulances.
Although the new data exceeds other estimates of attacks on health care in northern Syria in 2016, Haar still thinks her results underestimate the total violence against medical facilities and workers. "There's probably a whole subset of incidents that everybody's missing," Haar says. SAMS data collectors were much more likely to report attacks on large hospitals than smaller, rural clinics.
"The fact that these numbers are no doubt a minimum is also shocking," says Susannah Sirkin, a senior adviser at Physicians for Human Rights.
Sirkin does not believe the health facilities are suffering collateral damage in general attacks. Because health facilities are often the largest buildings in rural areas of Syria and because hospitals have experienced repeated bombings, she believes they are being deliberately targeted — a violation of humanitarian law.
Haar agrees, noting that most hospitals in Syria no longer display the Red Cross or Red Crescent markings that brands them as medical facilities. "They've been removed because they're creating a giant target, literally," she says. Unfortunately, she says, the GPS coordinates of larger hospitals and clinics are already known, so they're still under threat.
Haar's data shows that 33 hospitals sustained more than one attack in 2016. Two hospitals in Aleppo city were attacked over 10 times. From such a barrage, Sirkin says, "you can infer complete intent to destroy access to health care for the the sick."
According to reports, the Syrian government and Russia, its ally, have denied targeting health facilities.
The violence of the civil war doesn't seem to be letting up. WHO has launched an effort to track attacks on health care facilities, personnel, and patients by combining data from nongovernmental organizations and U.N. agencies. So far, it counts 74 such attacks in Syria in 2018.
"There are no safe places," Albaik says.
Menaka Wilhelm is a freelance writer covering health and technology. She's on Twitter: @menakawilhelm.
Some claim that male pornstars have super-human power over performance anxiety, excessive attention, and make a generous utilization of "fluffers" to obtain it perfect. There is an art to a psychological element along with it. The porn star may exercise a great deal of "completing on command" along with his girlfriend and prepare his penis to do his bidding. Testo Ultra As hard because it looks, pun intended, a man's penis is the breadwinner for herself as well as the remaining household and is actually attracting the income. Getting any supplements that boost the penis' effectiveness is important. Always a slew are of products and penile enhancement tablets that exist to Male Enhancement Review. One way that penis a regular person turns into a magnet for intimate experiences is by growing how big his penis. A person can be provided by superior drugs with an as much as three extra inches. Some men won't need this type of huge increase because the girls like their guy to become between seven and nine inches.
http://klereumcol.com/testo-ultra-it/
Kincardine is set welcome the sights and sounds of genuine blues musicians at the 9th annual Bruce Telecom Lighthouse Blues Festival.
The July 13-15, 2018 event takes over Kincardine's downtown, with six bands hitting the main stage Friday starting at 5 p.m., seven on Saturday starting at 4:45 p.m. and Sunday morning's Gospel Revival at Victoria Park at 10:30 a.m.
Organizer Rick Clarke said both nights the Bruce Telecom Main Stage will be headlined by artists who have performed in Kincardine before, and in fact, in both cases, played for the first time in Canada at earlier Lighthouse Blues Festivals.
On Friday night its the Ghost Town Blues Band, from Memphis, who have played previously performed at the festival, at club shows at The Bruce Steakhouse and twice at area schools as part of the "Blues in the Schools" program through the Bruce County Blues Society.
"Consequently there is a strong local fan base following this band and organizers are expecting strong ticket sales for the evening," said Clarke.
On Saturday night, Victor Wainwright and The Train returns to the festival. The "boogie-woogie" piano player from Savannah, now living in Memphis, first played Kincardine in 2012 but has been back for two Festivals in 2013 and 2015, as well as a couple of club shows. "Wainwright has a number of Blues Music Awards for his music and will be attracting fans from afar for this opportunity to see and hear him in the unclose setting of the Main Stage," Clarke said.
"Other internationally touring supporting acts are also contributing to strong advance ticket sales," Clarke said.
These include Danielle Nicole (Kansas), John Nemeth (Memphis), Tas Cru (New York), Gracie Curran (Memphis) and Joanna Connor (Chicago) are being introduced on Ontario blues fans and the festival has described the line up as one of the strongest in its nine year history. Popular local artists Andrew Parkhouse Band, Trevor MacKenzie Band, Soulstack and Sons of Rhythm and from Halifax, Brent Tingley round off the bill.
Kincardine's Saturday Street Festival opens up the downtown core to pedestrians, with four stages and 18 musical groups set to perform between 11 a.m. and 4 p.m. The family-friendly event also features a Petting Zoo, TD Children's Zone, Artists Row, Vintage British Sports Car display and Antique Bicycles set up throughout downtown, while area businesses and merchants will offer deals and specials along the sidewalk.
Upwards of 6,000 people are expected to attend the festival throughout the weekend, which makes a significant impact on the local economy, Clarke said.
Tickets are available online through through TicketScene.ca, or can be purchased at the Bruce Steakhouse in Kincardine, Ralph's Market in Port Elgin, A&R Music in Walkerton, and Ernie King Music in Goderich.
"We are encouraging people to buy in advance because it does sell out," said Clarke.
For a full schedule and information visit lighthousebluesfestival.com
A fiery blaze destroyed a Maple Street home and displaced its residents early Saturday morning.
Interim Fire Chief Brian Herbert said the fire, which was reported at 5:05 a.m., destroyed the two-story house at 615 Maple St. The fire is believed to have originated from the back porch and when crews arrived on scene, the house was “pretty well involved.”
“The whole back of the house was engulfed,” Herbert said, noting several factors made it difficult to get the fire under control. “Water supply was an issue. We had a hard time getting enough water to put it out.”
The closest hydrant to the house did not supply enough water, Herbert said, so it also took awhile to get a steady stream of water.
In addition, lack of manpower made it difficult as there wasn't enough men on scene “” at least four “” to safely enter the home.
Herbert said an all-call was dispatched and most of Fostoria's firefighters responded, allowing crews to battle the blaze from inside as well as outside.
Additionally, Tiffin Fire & Rescue Division assisted on scene with an engine and manpower and CERT assisted with blocking off the road.
Due to the extensive fire and smoke damage, Herbert said they were unable to determine the cause of the blaze, which rendered the residence a complete loss.
According to the Seneca County Auditor's website, the Maple Street residence is owned by Michael P. Schultze.
The fire also caused damage to two neighboring homes, melting away siding at the two neighboring homes.
At least one occupant was in the home at the time of the fire, according to Herbert, and he was able to get out of the residence without being injured along with the family dog. However, one of the neighbors was injured while evacuating their home and was transported to the hospital via personal vehicle.
Crews were able to tackle the blaze, complete overhaul and get back on station just before 10:20 a.m.
The American Red Cross North Central Ohio Chapter said it provided assistance to the resident, including aid for temporary lodging and immediate needs such as food and clothing.
No further information was available at press time Sunday.
Comments
comments
OSHAWA, Ont. — Police say a suspect who was allegedly driving a stolen vehicle was arrested after fleeing on foot and jumping out of a second storey window in an attempt to avoid capture.
Durham regional police say officers spotted the stolen vehicle late morning and followed it to a parking lot in Oshawa, Ont., where they attempted to arrest the driver.
It's alleged the suspect resisted arrest by punching and kicking the officers, and even a bit one of them.
They say after officers unsuccessfully tried to Taser the suspect, he fled into an apartment building and police pursued him into one of the units.
Monday, January 2, 2017 at 4:13 pm |
CENTRAL FALLS, R.I. (AP) - Two corrections officers have been placed on paid leave as authorities investigate an inmate's escape from a Rhode Island detention center.
Former Army reservist James Morales was reported missing Saturday night and remains at large.
Wyatt Correctional Center warden Daniel Martin tells WBZ that two officers were placed on leave. He says Morales escaped around 7 p.m. but wasn't discovered missing until three hours later.
The prison in Central Falls remains locked down as officials review procedures.
The 35-year-old Morales is charged with stealing 16 guns from a U.S. Army Reserve Center.
Police say they believe Morales fled to Attleboro, Massachusetts, and stole a car that was found Sunday. They believe he is bleeding from razor wire that he climbed through to escape.
The striker is seeking a move back to Spain in the transfer window and has not played for Chelsea since the FA Cup final in May, following which he claims manager Antonio Conte sent him a text, telling him he was not in his plans for the new season.
Costa was interviewed at home in Brazil on the same day Chelsea lost their opening Premier League game to Burnley, and said he was refusing the club's demand to return to play with the reserves.
"They want me to be there training with the reserves. I wouldn't be allowed access to the first-team dressing room and I would have no contact at all with the guys," he told the Daily Mail.
"I'm not a criminal! I don't think it is fair after all I have done to be treated like that."
The Brazilian-born Spain international, who joined Chelsea from Atletico Madrid in 2014, said if the club did not allow him to move before the transfer window he was prepared to see out his contract unpaid in Brazil.
"I am open to being a year in Brazil without playing, even if Chelsea fine me for a year and don't pay me. I'll come back stronger. If I was in the wrong, I'd go back now and do as they say.
"I want the deal with Atletico resolved this month. My idea would be to go to Madrid, train there, get in the best physical shape and be ready to fire ahead of the World Cup."
The situation is complicated by the fact that Atletico are currently banned from signing players in this window although a loan deal would be possible.
Costa's relationship with Conte appears to have broken down although the Brazilian accepts the Italian "is a good coach".
Last week Conte said there was "no news" on the Costa situation but earlier this summer said the "situation is closed."
(Reporting by Neil Robinson; Editing by Amlan Chakraborty)
Hi!
You are about to activate our Facebook Messenger news bot. Once subscribed, the bot will send you a digest of trending stories once a day. You can also customize the types of stories it sends you.
Click on the button below to subscribe and wait for a new Facebook message from the TC Messenger news bot.
Thanks,
TC Team
ANKARA (Sputnik) — Earlier in the day, OSCE's Office for Democratic Institutions and Human Rights (ODIHR) called the media coverage in the run-up to Sunday's referendum lopsided in favor of the "yes" campaign. The OSCE and the Council of Europe Parliamentary Assembly said the Turkish referendum fell short of its standards.
"Their conclusion that the referendum allegedly does not meet international standards is unacceptable. This report demonstrates a one-sided and biased approach," the Turkish Foreign Ministry said.
The ministry pointed out that the OSCE observer mission "allowed themselves political statements even before the referendum."
"This proves that they came to the country wit stereotypes and did not observe the principles of objectivity," it said.
Preliminary results indicate majority support for Turkey's constitutional changes granting increased presidential powers during the April 16 referendum.
Solo: A Star Wars Story, released last weekend, was the first movie in the cannon focusing on the beloved Han Solo. It was first of the rebooted movies to come out in the competitive spring-summer season. And it was the first Star Wars movie since the massive $220-million (U.S.) opening of Star Wars: The Last Jedi five months ago. But with only $85 million in domestic box-office receipts in the Friday-to-Sunday period, the Disney/Lucasfilm release achieved some less desirable firsts. It was the first of the four contemporary reboots to open below $150 million. And it was the first of the seven modern live-action movies, going back to George Lucas's films of the late 1990s and early 2000s, to open that low, period (after adjusting for inflation.)
Solo: A Star Wars Story released last weekend with only $85 million (U.S.) in domestic box-office receipts ( Jonathan Olley / Lucasfilm via The Associated Press )
The Alden Ehrenreich-starring spinoff did not even rate as the highest opening of the month; that honour belongs to Deadpool 2, which thwacked Solo with $125 million last weekend. Early overseas totals of $65 million weren't much better, though they could still improve as the movie opens in more markets. Read more: Solo: A Star Wars Story stays on target
Article Continued Below
Han Solo delivers the goods in Solo: A Star Wars Story Ron Howard says Solo ‘anticipation is really unlike anything I've done' It's impossible to know whether this is a blip or the beginning of a downward slide for the Star Wars brand. What is clear, according to five interviews with Hollywood executives: Disney needs to ensure it is just a blip. The company, which owns Lucasfilm, relies on Star Wars revenue both to fill its coffers and to gild its shiny Wall Street reputation — global box-office hauls such as the $1.33 billion for Last Jedi have helped keep the company's stock price over $100 per share for much of the past year. Disney has a lot riding on the success of the franchise. A slew of movies is already being planned, including a story in the main canon coming in December 2019 from The Force Awakens director J.J. Abrams; an Obi-Wan Kenobi spinoff from Billy Elliot director Stephen Daldry; a new set of spinoffs from The Last Jedi director Rian Johnson; and a Boba Fett spinoff from Logan director James Mangold. There's also a series push, likely one developed by Iron Man director Jon Favreau likely to end up on Disney's new streaming service. Disney declined to comment for this story. There are several ways Disney could try to ensure it is just a blip. But that depends of course on what caused the drop and how fundamental these challenges are in the first place. Here are four paths to a potential Star Wars redemption and why each one is trickier than it might appear.
Tell edgier stories Part of the issue, according to critics and fan sites, is the lack of risk taken by the film. To shake it up, the franchise needs writers and directors willing to take more story chances. Lucasfilm need to look only at its corporate sibling in Marvel, which faced similar concerns until 2014's Guardians of the Galaxy, which went for a more irreverent tone. That led to a box-office windfall and set a new tone for the series.
Article Continued Below
Why it's tricky: Solo began its life by taking risks, hiring Phil Lord and Chris Miller, the meta jokesters behind The Lego Movie and the Jump Street series. But they clashed with Lucasfilm executives, including company chief Kathleen Kennedy, leading to the hiring of old-school Hollywood director Ron Howard. (There's also the presence here, as there was earlier in the series, of throwback writer Lawrence Kasdan.) And earlier attempts, such as the hiring of Jurassic World director Colin Trevorrow for the upcoming Episode IX, didn't end well either. (Trevorrow left last year, resulting in a return to Abrams.) This is a franchise with fundamentally conservative roots and making the shift, within the culture of the company, might be tougher than it appears. Also Star Wars directors need to be able to handle the size and scale of these special-effects films, and not a lot of edgy directors can. Fewer movies Five months is not a long time for Star Wars to be away. Certainly it's not the year that stretched between the previous three movies, or the 10 years between the last of the George Lucas movies and The Force Awakens in 2015. With Marvel, that seems to help; releases in quick succession enhance one another. But with Star Wars, novelty and absence may be the key to the game. Disney could do better by going back to the 12-month spacing or even longer. Why it's tricky: This sounds good to fans. The problem is it doesn't sound good to Wall Street or Disney financial executives. Star Wars movies are such juggernauts that Disney wants to cash in whenever it can. And waiting that long doesn't help in that bid. Disney and Lucasfilm are encountering a major paradox here. Modern Hollywood says that when you have successes you should replicate them early and often. But making Star Wars movies early and often may make them less successful. Avoid the late spring May is just too crowded. Disney certainly saw its numbers eaten into by Deadpool 2, whose second weekend of release took in $43 million. And more big releases await in the weeks ahead, cutting into its total. Yes, studios like this time of year, when overall movie-going is high. And they like a holiday weekend: an additional $18 million came in for Solo on Memorial Day. But every day around Christmas, when all three of the previous Star Wars movies came out, is a mini-holiday. It could stick to that period. Why it's tricky: Avoiding May or June would be nice. But there are only so many periods on the calendar. And if Disney wants more than one movie per year (again, see above), it needs to look beyond December. It could, of course, pull a Black Panther and go in February. But that puts the releases in even quicker succession. Avoid spinoffs Part of the issue with Solo is it took on an offshoot of the Star Wars universe: a story of a young Han Solo somewhat disconnected from the main story thread. And not just an offshoot, but one of a beloved character we already saw played by a beloved actor in Harrison Ford. Disney could hew closer to the main story line and just ramp up production of those movies faster, making so-called “new episodes” every year instead of every other year. Why it's tricky: Those movies involve a lot of writing and rewriting, and it's not so easy to go fast. Also, if fatigue kicks in with spinoffs every year, it could really kick in with mainline stories every year. It may be that the Solo results are a blip. Or it may be that we just want only so many Star Wars movies, making Disney's problems bigger and less amenable to Marvel-esque solutions than previously realized.
Read more about:
ANZ is looking at spinning off and floating its UDC Finance business after New Zealand regulators blocked an attempt to sell it to China's HNA.
The lender on Tuesday said an initial public offering was among the options for the unit, which is a wholly owned subsidiary of ANZ Bank New Zealand.
HNA, whose regional investments include a 19.8 per cent stake in Virgin Australia, offered $NZ660 million ($A619.4 million), but NZ's Overseas Investment Office knocked back the sale because of worries about the Chinese conglomerate's ownership structure.
ANZ New Zealand chief executive David Hisco said the bank was now looking at whether an IPO would be in the interests of UDC's staff and customers, but stressed that ANZ was not in a rush to offload a business that was performing well.
"After last year's planned sale to HNA did not proceed, it makes sense to keep examining a broad range of options for UDC's future," Mr Hisco said.
"The range of strategic options we have for UDC, including approaches we have received regarding the business and the option of retaining it, will take a number of months to examine before any decision is made."
UDC, which has been owned by ANZ since 1980, offers car loans, asset finance and other loans.
ANZ last week said it was suspending asset finance loans for retail customers in Australia from April 30 while it reviewed the business.
Any divestment would be the latest in a series under chief executive Shayne Elliott, who has already offloaded ANZ's superannuation business, some financial planning, consumer credit insurance, and retail and wealth businesses in six Asian countries.
Exactly 100 years have passed since the British won control of Jerusalem during the First World War by defeating the Ottoman Turks and thereby altering profoundly the modern history of the fabled holy city. The victory that came on Dec. 9, 1917 was achieved under the command of the stentorian Gen. Edmund Allenby, and when he strode into Jerusalem two days later (accompanied by T.E. Lawrence “of Arabia”) he did so as liberator. The British Prime Minister, David Lloyd George, had declared that he wanted Allenby to win Jerusalem by Christmas as a “present” for the war-weary British people. And this he did, setting off widespread celebrations, especially amongst those who saw the victory as evidence of Britain's stated commitment to the establishment of a new Jewish national homeland in a wholly reconfigured Middle East. Defeating the Ottomans was the main precondition for such a reconfiguration, although in so doing the British completed an about-face in their long-time support of the Ottoman Empire as a bulwark against regional Russian expansionism. The earlier courting of the Turkish sultan by imperial Germany in its late 19th century bid to exert influence in the Middle East had forced a sea-change in Britain's policy concerning the old so-called “Eastern Question.”
Article Continued Below
The much-publicized sight of Germany's Kaiser Wilhelm II mounted on horseback and parading regally into Jerusalem in 1898 had left the British with no illusions as to the direction in which he was taking his increasingly robust and militaristic country. By the time war came in 1914 the Germans and Ottomans were allies, which meant that ultimately their joint defeat was necessarily key to Britain's military strategy. Four years later, therefore, 400 years of Ottoman imperial rule in the Middle East came to an end and in its place was put that of the victorious Anglo-French allies. Great change was portended. Both the Jews and the multifarious Arabs assumed they would now each be able to achieve national status. The British, for their part, had promised as much to certain of the Arabs in 1915, and then to the Jews more broadly through the Balfour Declaration of two years later.
QUETTA, Aug 14 (APP): At least six security force personnel were
martyred and two other were injured in an improvised explosive device (IED) blast in Shahrag near Khost area of Harnai district on Monday.
According to security force spokesman, unknown men had planted IED
besides the road which the security forces' vehicle hit while patrolling.
The vehicle was destroyed in the blast.
The victims were identified as Lnk Yousaf Imran, Sep Shahb-uddin, Sep
Fayyaz, Sep Umer, Sep Naeem and Civ security Fazal Rehman.
The injured were identified as Sub Haydatullah and Civ dvr Saadullah.
The bodies and the injured were shifted to nearby hospital.
Security forces cordoned off the entire area and started search to trace
out suspects.
Further investigation was underway.
J. League apologises for bogus Torres transfer story
Fernando Torres appeared to have signed for Sagan Tosu but the J.League has confirmed the transfer announcement was made in error.
Omnisport NEWS News 30 May 2018, 22:59 IST 87 Share Options × Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Reddit Google+ Email
Atletico Madrid striker Fernando Torres.
Andres Iniesta might be set to grace the J.League but former Spain team-mate Fernando Torres will not be joining him – just yet.
Following Barcelona great Iniesta completing his surprise switch to Vissel Kobe last week, Torres has been linked with a move to Sagan Tosu in Japan's top flight.
On Wednesday, the J. League published a story on its official website announcing the 34-year-old striker had signed for struggling Sagan – the club lie second bottom in the table after 15 matches this season – only to swiftly take the article down and publish an apology.
"Today on the official website of the J.League, a page containing incorrect information regarding a player joining Sagan Tosu was made viewable," a statement read.
Today on the official website of the J.League, a page containing incorrect information regarding a player joining Sagan Tosu was made viewable. We sincerely apologize to the club, everybody involved with the club, fans and supporters for any inconvenience this may have caused. — Ｊリーグ (@J_League) May 30, 2018
"Our sincere apologies go to the Sagan Tosu club, everybody involved with the club, fans and supporters for any inconvenience this may have caused.
"We are currently investigating what caused this error and we will do our very best to prevent this from happening again."
Torres bade an emotional farewell to Atletico Madrid on the final day of LaLiga this season, scoring his 128th and 129th goals for his boyhood club in a 2-2 draw against Eibar.
Japan's largest e-commerce company is betting that it has found the key to selling clothes online: a size-measuring bodysuit and its own line of clothing.
Start Today Co., which runs a shopping site in Japan called Zozotown that's popular with younger consumers, unveiled its own made-to-fit private label T-shirts, jeans and business suits as it pushes deeper into web-based apparel sales. The clothes are meant to be sold to customers using a body-scanning suit and app developed by the company, which is renaming itself Zozo Inc. from October.
Selling clothing online has been a big challenge for web retailers because sizes, colours and looks are hard to gauge on the web. Sellers often offer free returns to spur purchases, but that also drives up costs and risks alienating customers. Start Today's billionaire founder Yusaku Maezawa is betting that his strategy of offering made-to-fit apparel will help it expand overseas and quintuple its market capitalization in the next decade.
"Anyone in the world can relate to worries about clothing size," Maezawa, 42, said in an interview. "When we looked overseas, we couldn't find any companies that were offering lower-cost clothing that fit well. There was a need for that."
Amazon.com Inc., which has been making an aggressive push into online apparel, last year bought Body Labs, a 3-D body-scanning startup that lets people create a digital avatar of themselves to try on virtual clothes. In response to Start Today's announcement of private brand men's business suits and dress shirts — offered at a discounted 24,800 yen ($225) for a limited time — shares of Japanese suit sellers Aoyama Trading Co. and Aoki Holdings Inc. fell on Tuesday.
The key to a perfect fit with Start Today's new clothing line hinges on the Zozosuit, a polka-dot studded bodysuit that lets users measure their proportions with a smartphone camera. Sales initially started with T-shirts and jeans, and the company added men's business suits to its lineup. It also announced that the service and private brand would be available in 72 countries including the U.S. by the end of July.
"If they can build a successful apparel-selling platform based on body measurements data, it can be huge," said Akira Iwasaki, an analyst at Iwai Cosmo Securities Co. in Tokyo who has a buy rating on Start Today.
The growth plan is a big bet for a company that gets about 90 per cent of its sales by providing a marketplace for clothing by other brands. Maezawa said Start Today is looking at potential acquisitions that could improve its measuring technology and production capabilities. While Rakuten Inc. is often seen as Japan's homegrown e-commerce pioneer, Start Today is bigger, with a market capitalization that's 25 per cent higher at 1.3 trillion yen.
The company created a unit, Start Today Research, this year to acquire ideas and technologies related to fashion and clothing fit. It also made headlines in Japan in April when it offered annual salaries of as much as 100 million yen to find employees specializing in fields such as artificial intelligence, robotics and cryptography.
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Plans have been submitted for a huge new seven-storey hotel in St Paul's.
The application is for a 214-room ‘stepped' hotel building in Newfoundland Circus, at the foot of the M32 and close to Cabot Circus, handed to the council by Dutch company Vastint Hospitality – an international hotel developer.
The establishment would be a Moxy Hotel – Marriott's brand which targets the three-star market.
The potential development is another sign of the changing face of St Paul's where regeneration and development seem relentless.
(Image: Moxy Hotels)
The Times dubbed St Paul's the fifth ‘coolest' place to live in the UK in March 2017, with the article saying “hotspot” St Paul's was “a riot flashpoint in the 1980s, but now the area is one of Zoopla's Top Ten hipster hotspots in the UK”.
Nearby Grade I-listed Portland Square has also attracted a planning application from a trendy boutique hotel chain, Artist Residence.
The Newfoundland Circus application says: "Moxy provides an opportunity to diversify the city centre's hotel offering through the provision of small scale, boutique hotels or high quality hotels.
“Moxy's focus is on the millennial traveller, who understands that style can be delivered at attractive prices.”
The building would be made up of modular units and ten of the 214 rooms will be ‘deluxe' rooms.
Boutique hotels are normally small-scale, focusing on style and sited in a fashionable location and the term is not usually use for a multi-storey hotel with hundreds of rooms.
The application also includes a layby for coaches at the front of the building in Newfoundland Street, where outbound traffic heading for the M32 from the city centre passes. There are also plans for ‘public art' inside and outside the building, with ‘display areas' that will be regularly updated.
The summary adds: “This idea developed from a recognition that Bristol has long been the home of cutting edge street art and we want to encourage talented local artists to design pieces that continue this tradition.”
An archaeological survey of the site has also revealed a five metre deep water well, which the developer says it wants to maintain and have on display, in the hope that the general public will use the ground floor lobby as well as hotel guests.
Five one and two-storey linked buildings that previously occupied the site have since been demolished.
A planning application for another hotel was actually approved for the site in 2011, but it was never built and Vastint Hospitality is looking to capitalise on that.
Bristol City Council has put letters through the letter boxes of residents in the area asking them to comment on the proposal by Monday, February 12.
The application has already received some negative feedback.
Newfoundland Road resident William Roberts said: “I wish to object to the proposed layby or 'coach drop-off'. This should not be allowed.
“Newfoundland Circus and Newfoundland Way already have traffic levels that cause gridlock on a regular basis, often as a result of minor incidents. Any additional and unnecessary stress added should be avoided at all costs.
“For coaches to use the layby they will need to slow and manoeuvre, holding up traffic.”
He added: “The site has perfectly good access from the rear. If that is not suitable for their purpose, then the application as a whole must be rejected.”
Another resident, Charlotte Evans, objected to plans for accessing the hotel "in what is already a restricted area", as well as the scheme's "impact on local residents in terms of noise, traffic and general congestion".
She also said hotel would represent "overdevelopment" of the area, with insufficient housing for residents, which would add to air pollution.
If you live in the area or would like to comment on the proposal, click here.
Sandy Fernandez was working security at a quinceañera when he noticed a little girl in a wheelchair on the dance floor.
The Houston police officer told CBS News, "Every time she would pass the dance floor she would just laugh, she would smile at me. Every time she passed by I would just smile and wave." He watched her dance with her mother, and knew she had the moves. So when she passed by him again later on in the evening, he reached out his hand and asked her to dance. Fernandez said, "I started spinning her around and she followed me and she smiled the whole time. She just stole my heart."
Fernandez never got her name, and guesses she was around five-years-old. He said, "We were just following the music and the moment. She was just a sweetheart. I mean, I've never seen someone who could be so approachable and so sweet... she had a positive vibe."
Via CBS News
Downer said the public defenders' office informed him it could not represent Fields because a relative of someone in the office was injured in Saturday's protest. He appointed local attorney Charles Weber to represent him. Weber couldn't immediately be reached by The Associated Press.
Judge Robert Downer set an Aug. 25 hearing for the 20-year-old Fields, who has been charged with second-degree murder and other counts.
James Alex Fields Jr. was not present in the courtroom but appeared via video monitor dressed in a black-and-white striped uniform. Seated, he answered questions from the judge with simple responses of “Yes, sir” when asked if he understood what was being explained to him. Fields also replied “No, sir” when asked if he had ties to the community of Charlottesville.
CHARLOTTESVILLE, VA.—A man accused of ramming his car into a crowd of counter-protesters at a white nationalist rally in Virginia was denied bond Monday after the public defender's office said it couldn't represent him and the judge was forced to find a local attorney to fill in.
Fields is charged in the death of Heather Heyer, 32, of Charlottesville, who died after a car that police say Fields was driving slammed into a crowd of people protesting the nationalist rally Saturday. Fields was arrested shortly afterward and taken into custody.
Fields was fascinated with Nazism, idolized Adolf Hitler, and had been singled out by school officials in the 9th grade for his “deeply held, radical” convictions on race, a former high school teacher said Sunday. Fields also confided that he had been diagnosed with schizophrenia when he was younger and had been prescribed an anti-psychotic medication, Derek Weimer said in an interview with The Associated Press.
In high school, Fields was an “average” student, but with a keen interest in military history, Hitler, and Nazi Germany, said Weimer, who said he was Fields' social studies teacher at Randall K. Cooper high school in Union, Kentucky, in Fields' junior and senior years.
“Once you talked to James for a while, you would start to see that sympathy toward Nazism, that idolization of Hitler, that belief in white supremacy,” Weimer said. “It would start to creep out.”
Police say Fields drove his silver Dodge Challenger through a crowd of protesters in Charlottesville, killing Heyer and wounding 19 other people. A Virginia State Police helicopter deployed in a large-scale police response to the violence then crashed into the woods outside of town and both troopers on board died.
Fields had been photographed hours earlier with a shield bearing the emblem of Vanguard America, one of the hate groups that took part in the “take America back” campaign to protest the removal of a Confederate statue. The group on Sunday denied any association with the suspect.
Meanwhile, a message posted Saturday night on a leading neo-Nazi website called The Daily Stormer promised future events that would be “bigger than Charlottesville.”
The mayor of Charlottesville, political leaders of all political stripes, and activists and community organizers around the country planned rallies, vigils and education campaigns to combat the hate groups. They also urged President Donald Trump to forcefully denounce the organizations, some of which specifically cited Trump's election after a campaign of racially charged rhetoric as validation of their beliefs. Attorney General Jeff Sessions announced late Saturday that federal authorities would pursue a civil rights investigation into the circumstances surrounding the crash.
Weimer recalled that school officials had singled out Fields when he was in 9th grade for his political beliefs and “deeply held, radical” convictions on race and Nazism.
“It was a known issue,” he said.
Weimer said Fields left school for a while, and when he came back he was quieter about politics until his senior year, when politicians started to declare their candidacy for the 2016 presidential race. Weimer said Fields was a big Trump supporter because of what he believed to be Trump's views on race. Trump's proposal to build a border wall with Mexico was particularly appealing to Fields, Weimer said. Fields also admired the Confederacy for its military prowess, he said, though they never spoke about slavery.
As a senior, Fields wanted to join the army, and Weimer, a former officer in the Ohio National Guard, guided him through the process of applying, he said, believing that the military would expose Fields to people of different races and backgrounds and help him dispel his white supremacist views. But Fields was ultimately turned down, which was a big blow, Weimer said. Weimer said he lost contact with Fields after he graduated and was surprised to hear reports that Fields had enlisted in the army.
“The Army can confirm that James Alex Fields reported for basic military training in August of 2015, said Army spokeswoman Lt. Col. Jennifer Johnson. “He was, however, released from active duty due to a failure to meet training standards in December of 2015,” she said.
Fields' mother, Samantha Bloom, told the AP late Saturday that she knew her son was going to Virginia for a political rally, but she had no idea it involved white supremacists.
“I just told him to be careful,” she said, adding she warned him that if there were protests “to make sure he's doing it peacefully.”
Bungie and Activision unveils Destiny 2 at E3 2017
Destiny 2 is set to release on September 6 for Xbox One and PS4
by Anuragh Saukat 14 Jun 2017, 20:17 IST
The much-awaited gameplay trailer for Destiny 2 is here and fans cannot contain their excitement. With the launch of Destiny 2, Bungie will finally get to expand their most popular franchise to a new platform this year as this will be the fist time the franchise is coming to PC. Activision and Bungie has also confirmed that PC version will launch with 4K graphics.
Speaking at E3 2017, Bungie and Activision announced that Destiny 2 will offer a massive shared open-world. With greater emphasis on exploration, the developers have added various new locations for players to roam around and do missions with their friends. When vanilla Destiny came out in 2014, fans complained that the game did not have a proper story. This was later addressed by the developers who added interesting lores and backstories via updates and DLCs. However, it would seem like Bungie has learned from their mistakes. Destiny 2 is al set to feature interesting and compelling story lines which will see Commander Ghaul take control of The City and steal the Traveller's light.
Vault of Glass is the most popular raid in Destiny
The three classes in Destiny (Titans, Warlock and Hunters) will see quite a lot of changes. The trailer released by Activsion and Bungie also shows the three new subclasses the game has to offer: Dawnblade for Warlocks, Sentinel for Titans and Arc Strider for Hunters. The game is also set to make introduce some significant changes to game mechanism and weapon models. Unlike the vanilla game which had primary, secondary and heavy weapons, Destiny 2 will feature Kinetic, Energy and Power weapons. Power weapons will essentially be a replacement for heavy hitting weapons like sniper rifles and the newly introduced grenade launchers.
Trials of Osiris is Destiny's end-game multiplayer content
Another significant additions fans are excited about is the changes involved in matchmaking. Destiny 2 offers official clan support and Guided-Matchmaking which will allow players to seek help and coordinate matches like the Raid or Trials of Osiris. Moreover, game's producer Luke Smith also announced PvP matches in Destiny 2 won't run on a dedicated server. Instead of using a dedicated server, multiplayer games will be reduced to 4v4 matches in order to reduce lags.
Fans however, are slightly disappointed that Destiny 2, like its predecessor, will have few PlayStation exclusives. PS4 exclusives for Destiny 2 will include a multiplayer map, a three-player cooperative strike, a ship, an exotic weapon, and specialised gear sets.
It, however, seems like PC gamers will have to wait a bit longer to play Destiny 2. While the games releases on Xbox One and PS4 in September, Activision announced that the PC edition will hit the stores only on October 26. Destiny 2 is set to release on September 6 for Xbox One and PS4 and is already available for pre-order for Rs. 4000 (Standard Edition). The release dates are given below:
Early Access Beta for PS4 – July 18th
Early Access Beta for Xbox One – July 19th
Open Beta for Xbox One and PS4 – July 21st
PS4 and Xbox One launch – September 6th
PC launch – October 24th
Novaquark pushes total funding for Dual Universe to $7.4 million New $3.7 million round came from French private investors and London-based VC Andurance Ventures
Matthew Handrahan Editor-in-Chief Monday 14th August 2017 Share this article Share
Novaquark has raised $3.7 million for its ambitious MMO Dual Universe, taking total funding for the project to $7.4 million.
The new funding mostly came from private investors in the French tech sector, but the London-based firm Andurance Ventures also contributed a "significant" amount.
The $7.4 million Novaquark has now raised for Dual Universe also includes a successful Kickstarter campaign last year, which raised $670,000 from more than 8,000 backers - the third highest total raised by any game project on the platform in 2016.
According to Novaquark CEO JC Baillie, this $3.7 million round will allow Dual Universe to "reach its full potential," and potential is hardly in short supply.
Built around a proprietary technology called CSSC (continuous single-shard cluster), Dual Universe will allow vast numbers of players to exist in the same virtual world at the same time. The engine will also support players' modifying the terrain and building objects, "from spaceships to orbital stations, at any scale they desire."
"Our ambition is to become the number one platform for user-generated entertainment, all happening in the same universe, to create an ecosystemic amplification mechanism similar to that of social networks" Baillie said in a statement.
"The emergent content acts as a collectively created story and universe, with the players directly involved in the content evolution. This content is potentially much more exciting and rewarding than traditional pre-made content, and it could have the potential to draw in millions of viewers via Twitch or similar online broadcasting services."
Novaquark currently has a team of 25, working in an office in the centre of Paris. It is preparing to launch the Alpha version of Dual Universe.
Officials say road crews are on track to finish rebuilding a large bridge over Interstate 75 by the end of 2018.
The Detroit News reports the Michigan Department of Transportation this week gave an update on the Rouge River bridge project. The southbound lanes of I-75 have been closed for about 8 miles from Detroit to Southgate since February for construction.
In mid-November, work will take place in the northbound lanes.
The $220 million project is replacing concrete on the bridge, which carries 37 million vehicles per year, and replacing or repairing 13 other spans. The Rouge River bridge originally was built in 1967 and the bridge deck had deteriorated to the point of needing replacement.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved.
Adam Schefter examines the shortcomings of the concussion protocol and shares what the league plans to do to address them. (1:03)
The NFL's concussion protocol, authored and administered jointly with the NFL Players Association, has come under fire in 2017. The most recent criticism came this week, when Houston Texans quarterback Tom Savage returned to Sunday's game against the San Francisco 49ers after suffering a hit to the head so severe that he displayed apparent signs of what's known as the "fencing response," a classic indication of a brain injury that includes twitching hands.
Known formally as the "Game Day Concussion Diagnosis and Management Protocol," the policy in theory should prevent such health-threatening returns to play. That hasn't always been the case this season, as Savage is one of a handful of players who have remained in a game after a hit that was later identified to have caused a concussion.
Here's how the protocol is supposed to work:
Wait ... can we further clarify 'fencing response'?
Yes. Sometimes a concussion can induce the victim's arms to lock in an odd position, similar to a competing fencer: one arm at the side and the other extended outward. In Savage's case, both arms were extended. Regardless, it is considered a clear indication of brain trauma.
OK, thanks. So let's start from the beginning. How does the policy work on game day?
It begins with the positioning of four independent and dedicated medical professionals. Two certified athletic trainers (ATCs) sit in a booth above field level, acting as "spotters" equipped with video playback gear and a dedicated radio connection with the sidelines. Each team is also assigned an unaffiliated neurological consultant (UNC), who works alongside the team doctor.
'Unaffiliated'?
Yes. The point is to include a medical specialist who doesn't have a stake in the outcome of the game.
Does the NFL have video equipment on the sideline as well?
Yes. Because sideline views can be blocked, each UNC has access to video replays. According to the policy, they can "review the game film on the sidelines to obtain information on particular plays involving possible injury." This equipment is reserved for the medical staff, because football employees are barred from seeing replays on the sideline.
Who is responsible for initiating the process?
Players are encouraged to self-report, and the team doctor has ultimate responsibility for care. But the ATC spotters in the booth have the authority to call a medical timeout if they identify a player with symptoms. The referee also is asked to send players to the sideline if they see a player displaying symptoms.
Texans quarterback Tom Savage was allowed to return to Sunday's game despite showing concussion symptoms, including twitching hands, after taking a sack. AP Photo/The Galveston County Daily News
How do they identify players for concussion testing?
Aside from the obvious -- loss of consciousness, amnesia or confusion -- medical staffs are trained to look for a "blank or vacant" look, a slow rise from the ground, balance issues, or a clutching of the head after contact. In addition, players are to be tested if they report a headache, dizziness, balance difficulties, nausea, amnesia, disorientation, a ringing in the ears or sensitivity to light or sound.
What takes place during the initial test?
Players are taken to the blue medical evaluation tent for what's known as a "sideline survey." The test is expected to include questions about the history of the event, which players often don't remember if they are concussed. The team doctor and UNC use "Maddock's questions" -- a standard part of sports concussion tests that, for example, could include asking a player to recite months in reverse order or to complete a word recall exercise. The policy also calls for video review of the hit, a place where the treatment of Savage might have broken down, and a focused neurological exam that includes a cervical spine examination, evaluation of speech and observations of gait as well as eye movement.
Then what?
If any elements of the sideline survey lead to a "positive, inconclusive or suspicious" assessment, according to the policy, the player must be taken to the locker room for what's known as a complete "NFL Locker Room Comprehensive Concussion Assessment." If not, they are cleared to return to the game.
And that's it for the cleared players?
No. The policy suggests a best practice of periodically checking back with the player after the original examination. That player must be sent to the locker room if symptoms appear or worsen. Many concussions can have delayed onset.
Who is responsible for making these decisions?
The policy states that the team doctor is responsible for all decisions but must consult with the UNC before finalizing. According to the policy: "If the UNC disagrees with the team physician's decision to return the player to play or remove the athlete, the UNC will be given an opportunity to explain the basis of his/her opinion. This will be discussed in a collegial fashion in private as to why that the player should or should not be returned to the game. The team physician will communicate his final decision to the player."
What happens in the locker room?
The NFL uses the "SCAT 5," a standard concussion assessment tool published by the International Concussion in Sport Group. In essence, it is a more comprehensive version of the sideline test. When available, its results are compared to the "baseline" tests players take when they are healthy in the preseason. A score lower than the baseline indicates a concussion.
Is that score the deciding factor?
No. The policy allows the team doctors to rule out a player and begin treatment, even if the scores are essentially equal, based on the doctor's knowledge of the player.
What is the treatment?
Players in the NFL concussion protocol must move through a five-step process that can't end until both the team doctor and an independent neurological consultant clear him for return to participation. There is no minimum or maximum for time spent in the protocol, and players can be cleared to participate in some parts of practice before getting the go-ahead to play in a game. The five steps include:
1. Rest and recovery
2. Light aerobic exercise
3. Continued aerobic exercise/strength training
4. Football specific activities
5. Full football activity/clearance
Do the NFL and NFLPA have a way to enforce this policy?
Yes. Prior to the 2016 season, they established a series of club disciplines for failure to comply. A first violation requires remedial education for medical officials and/or a maximum $150,000 fine. A second violation calls for a minimum $100,000 fine. Ultimately, if the NFL determines that the club's medical staff violated the policy for competitive reasons, additional fines and a potential forfeiture of draft picks can occur.
Anything else?
That about covers it. One final point to make is that all of these rules and regulations appear reasonable and clear on paper, but can get jumbled and harried during live game action. That's not to excuse a failure to comply, but it might explain why it happens sometimes.
MADISON, Wisc. -- Chris Orr stood awkwardly in a sterile office surrounded by a few unfamiliar, hard plastic machines as a spinal specialist poked at his neck. It was early January, and Wisconsin's middle linebacker was as healthy as he had been in months.
A couple weeks earlier, Orr started running for the first time since tearing his ACL on the first play of the first game of his sophomore season. The knee surgery that fall was the first on his right leg. A year earlier, team doctors had used a minor procedure to remove an infection from the other one. He thought it was just a bruise until a medical trainer explained that the pain in his shin was connected to the fever that spiked his body temperature to 109 degrees two days before he played in a game against Illinois.
This was a different kind of trip to the doctor's office, though. One that most people would consider far more frightening.
On Jan. 6, Chris and his older brother Nick, a three-year starter at safety for TCU, were home in Desoto, Texas, on semester break. They were returning from a haircut when they found Zach, another Orr brother, waiting for them in the family room with an odd smirk on his face. Zach had been named a second-team All-Pro linebacker that morning after wrapping up his third season with the Baltimore Ravens. He had also just learned that his football career was over.
Wisconsin linebacker Chris Orr, who has 24 tackles this season, including two sacks, has had injury issues of his own throughout his career, including an ACL injury that sidelined him nearly all of last season, but loves football too much to leave it. Dan Sanger/Icon Sportswire
While checking on a herniated disc, doctors noticed that Zach's C-1 vertebrae didn't fully form when he was born. The bone at top of his spine that provides support for his head and neck was smaller than it should have been. One direct hit in the right spot could cause it to shatter, cutting off Zach's air supply and killing him on the field.
"I was terrified," Chris says, thinking back to that conversation in the family room. "This could've happened when he was in high school. There were plenty of big hits in college. We went to all those homes games. We could've watched him carted off. I couldn't imagine seeing that."
The problem wasn't hereditary, but the Orrs decided Nick and Chris should get checked out just in case. So Chris spent an afternoon of his winter break in the south Dallas suburbs with a spinal specialist poking at his neck. Nick slipped in and out of X-ray and MRI machines 30 minutes down the road in Fort Worth. To them, that part wasn't scary. Their spines were fine. It was just another task to play the game they love. They both remained unshakably certain that football is worth it.
"We just know it's a part of the game," Nick says.
A long family history in football didn't allow Nick and Chris the same luxury that most college players enjoy -- the misconception among the young and strong that they are invincible. The Orr boys know that health problems are inevitable. They know their wings are held together with wax. And yet, they'll both take the field this weekend as fearless defensive cogs for two of the 10 the best teams in the country. Which begs the question: Why?
CHRIS FELL IN LOVE WITH FOOTBALL because Nick did. Nick followed Zach's lead. Zach followed their oldest brother, Terrance, now an assistant coach at DeSoto High School. Most Texas boys in Terrance's shoes are taught to love the game by their fathers. That wasn't exactly the case for the Orr brothers, though.
The Orr family patriarch, Terry, played tight end for nine seasons in the NFL and won a pair of Super Bowls with the Washington Redskins. Along the way he dislocated a couple shoulders, had an ACL "dangling by a thread" and lost count of exactly how many times he had his knees scoped. The helmet of a tackler broke four bones in his lower back in 1993, and Terry decided he had played enough.
"That was pretty much it," he says. "I got to nine years and said, 'Well, that's good. That's three times the average.'"
He had seen enough football at that point in his life, so the television at the Orr house was usually tuned to golf or NASCAR on Sunday afternoons. When the boys went into the backyard to play catch, Terry stayed seated inside. It's not that he necessarily wanted to discourage them from playing, he says, but he certainly wasn't going to push football on any of his sons.
There was the trouble with standing up to consider, too.
"I just remember him getting up from the couch and the look of pain on his face," Chris says. "He would scrunch his face up real hard and grind his teeth."
Football connects the Orr family. From left, Nick (a DB at TCU), Terrance (played at North Texas, now a high school coach), Terry (played nine years in NFL and holding Terrance III), Zach (vertebrae issue ended his NFL career) and Chris (Wisconsin LB). Twitter/@Chris_Guwap
Cold days were always the hardest on Terry, and they still are. He's gone through spells where his back locks up too severely to get out of bed when the temperature drops past a certain point. His knees create their own set of problems.
There are a few pictures or jerseys from his playing days around the house, but the Orr boys mostly learned about their dad's playing days by asking him why he was hurting. Those questions usually prompted some type of story about a big play or a big hit or a confrontation with the likes of Lawrence Taylor.
Their biggest coup and one of the fondest childhood memories the brothers share came when they discovered the old, forgotten box of game tape stashed upstairs in the family house. It was filled with stacks of VHS tapes labeled with their father's name, a date and an opponent.
"Y'all wanna watch daddy play?" one of the older boys asked. Terrance was just starting high school. Chris wasn't much older than 8. And they sat captivated for hours as their dad ran over Horned Frogs and Aggies and then Broncos and Bills. Dinner time eventually broke the spell.
"We found your tapes," one of the older boys said. "Daddy, you were good."
"I told y'all," Terry said, and his bones were a little lighter that night.
TERRY AND HIS WIFE, RITA, SAT at the end of Row 17 in Section G inside Camp Randall Stadium last Saturday watching their youngest son and the ninth-ranked Badgers suffocate Northwestern's offense. This weekend they'll be in Forth Worth to watch Nick and his Horned Frogs face West Virginia. Combined they'll plan to see nearly three dozen games on Friday nights and Saturdays this fall. Last year they watched on Sundays, too.
Terry watches as a father now, not a former player. He cringes at contact and cranes his neck to search for the No. 54 jersey standing upright after plays. He laughs and says he'd cringe just as much when they stub their toes.
The Orrs never sat around the dinner table to discuss the downside of what it takes to fill up a cardboard box with memories from a football career. Terry says he never saw the need. "They've seen their old man walking around," he says. "They know."
The only conversations they had in that regard came when each of the Orr boys started little league football. Terry didn't necessarily want to talk them out of playing, but he wanted to make sure they knew what they were getting into.
Nick Orr was second-team All-Big 12 last season and anchors a tough TCU defense. He's seem what football has done to his family, but it doesn't stop him. "We just know it's a part of the game," Nick says. Kevin Jairaj-USA TODAY Sports
"After they made their mind up there is nothing I could really do about it. I wasn't going to second guess or say I don't know about this. I told them it takes a lot of work," he said. "I told them I'm not going out there and running around, I already did my time. If you want to do it, it's a lot of work, so bear down and do it."
And they all worked hard, each brother dragging the next out to the hill at a local middle school where they silently ran sprints with each other all summer. Terrance clawed his way up to a roster spot at Texas State and a coaching gig. Zach was undeterred when he watched a high school teammate paralyzed by a hit on the practice field. He weathered ankle, thumb and shoulder surgeries while climbing from undrafted free agent out of North Texas to become All-Pro during his third year in the NFL. Nick battled through an operation to repair a broken forearm during his final year of high school and landed on TCU's roster. Chris dragged himself through the daily drudgery of rehabbing his ACL to return to the middle of Wisconsin's defense this year.
It's not like there weren't other options or routes to college and a good life for the Orr boys. So, why again did they choose to do this?
Last Saturday, on a third-down play, Chris knifed through the Northwestern offensive line and dragged down quarterback Clayton Thorson for his second sack of the year. He strutted and pumped his fist as a packed stadium applauded him and one father beamed with pride from Section G. Down on the field. Chris says the roar of the crowd leaves him feeling "at peace."
"There's something about 80,000 people cheering," he says. "There's something about that feeling that I can't help but be attracted to."
Adulation, while admittedly a nice perk, is fleeting and abstract compared to the pain and danger he and his brothers witnessed with front-row seats while learning the game. There is more to it than that.
"I know what's coming," Chris says. "But I look at it like this: I think it's fun to hear those stories, and I'd like to have some of my own. 'Why are your knees hurting? Because I played football. Because I did this.' That sounds a lot better to me than, 'Why is your back hurting? Well, I was sitting at this desk. Well, I'm just old.'"
Terry Orr didn't set out to teach his sons to love football, but they learned it from him nonetheless.
"You only get one life," Zach says. "Live it with something you're really passionate about. For us, we love football."
So when the Orr boys get together they trade war stories and compare battle scars. They relive triumphant moments and awkward visits to doctor's offices and heartbreaking conversations in exam rooms. They take their time telling and retelling, honing and shaping the narratives and perhaps stretching them just a little bit, getting them ready for a distant day when their children ask why they're limping. They'll have a story to share then, and to them it will be worth it.
Oh, MoviePass, what are you doing now? Buying up a movie production company, apparently. MoviePass's parent company and majority shareholder, Helios and Matheson Analytics, today announced its plans to acquire the entire film library and current production slate of Emmett Furla Oasis Films (EFO Films) in order to create MoviePass Films LLC.
Helios will own 51 percent of the new company, while EFO Films will own 49 percent.
EFO Films' library includes titles like Lone Survivor, Broken City, Rambo, The Amityville Horror, Escape Plan, The Frozen Ground, and has upcoming titles that include 2Guns, Escape Plan 2, Escape Plan 3; and a movie based on the video game Asteroids by Atari, among others.
Variety was first to report the news, in an interview with Helios and Matheson CEO Ted Farnsworth; MoviePass has also put out a press release.
The acquisition is part of MoviePass' larger plan to not only push moviegoers back into theaters by offering them a more affordable, subscription service for in-person movie watching, but also to back, distribute and profit from its own movies or stakes in movies. The company had already taken steps into this space, by buying distribution rights to films, as with The Orchard's “American Animals” at Sundance. It also has a low seven-figure equity stake in the John Travolta “Gotti” film, Deadline reported last month – which is part of the EFO slate.
MoviePass is promising distributors its app can push its 3 million subscribers to the film's opening weekend, but it also aims to generate revenue further down the road from things like international and streaming distribution, merchandising, music, and other ancillary rights.
The move to acquire EFO Films comes at a critical time for MoviePass, where questions are swarming over how long this company – and its cash – can really last. Its stock has been dropping, last week reaching a record low of 40 cents a share. An SEC filing confirmed earlier this month the company had just $15.5 million in the bank, and the firm has been going through around $21.7 million per month.
To keep going, MoviePass could sell more stock or borrow cash – like from that $300 million line of credit Farnsworth mentioned at Cannes – but its business model is increasingly been viewed as unsustainable. And yet MoviePass keeps doubling down on what appears to be a losing hand – even bringing back its unlimited subscription plan after pulling it the month before, with little explanation beyond “we're experimenting.”
Despite the chaos surrounding the company, the stock actually got a bump up last week, on news of Citadel Securities' disclosure of its 5.4 percent stake in Helios and Matheson. Other shareholders include Farnsworth himself, and Verizon's Oath (which also owns TC), as result of Oath's recent sale of its Moviefone business to Helios and Matheson in April.
“Ever since we co-acquired our first film with MoviePass Ventures, American Animals, which is set for release this coming June 1, we've been looking for an opportunity to acquire and produce content on a larger scale, and prove the power of the MoviePass service in the process,”said Ted Farnsworth, Chairman and CEO of Helios, in a statement about the acquisition. “We believe we've found that opportunity with Emmett Furla Oasis Films. MoviePass Films and MoviePass Ventures, our studio driven production company and our independent film investment division, will both play integral roles in our grand business strategy,” he added.
Meanwhile, EFO Films' founder Randall Emmett praised MoviePass's ability to drive traffic.
“To do a deal with Helios and MoviePass is epic for us,” he said. “The MoviePass subscription service has totally disrupted the movie industry, for the better. When we worked with MoviePass Ventures on the movie Gotti…I immediately saw how revolutionary the MoviePass service is. I have never seen any player in our industry move so quickly and gain such a large following in such a short period of time,” Emmett continued. “What impresses me the most is that MoviePass can guarantee box office attendance, which is a game changer. I don't believe anybody else can do that.”
Yes, but for how long?
ENTERTAINMENT
Idol group Twice on Tuesday conquered all major music streaming charts with its newest release "Heart Shaker."
The lead song for Twice's new album "Merry & Happy" ranked No. 1 on eight music streaming services, including Melon, Genie, Olleh Music, Mnet.com, Bugs and Naver Music. The music video has racked up more than 7.6 million views on YouTube.
"Heart Shaker" became Twice's seventh No. 1 song since the band's debut. Enjoying wide popularity in Asia, the nine-member female act has delivered hit after hit with songs such as "Like Ooh-Ahh," "Cheer Up," "TT," "Knock Knock" and "Signal."
(JYP Entertainment)
The group recently won Song of Year Award at this year's Mnet Asian Music Awards with "Signal," dominating the category for the second-straight year after "Cheer Up" in 2016; it also took the Best Female Group Dance Performance award. (Yonhap)
Central Directorate of National Savings and Dar Al Sharia sign agreement
Staff Reporter
Islamabad
Exhibiting its resolve to provide a dedicated savings platform to the public that comply with the principles of Sharia, Central Directorate of National Savings (CDNS)-Ministry of Finance has appointed Dar Al Sharia Islamic Finance Consultancy LLC (Dar Al Sharia) as Sharia Advisor for the successful establishment of a dedicated Sharia compliant National Savings window and an Islamic National Savings product.
The engagement agreement was signed at CDNS office, Islamabad between CDNS and Dar Al Sharia. The signing ceremony was attended by Zafar Masud–Director General, Zaheer Abbas and Munawar Ali on behalf of CDNS and Mian Nazir- Chief Executive Officer, Mufti M. Hassaan Kaleem and Syed Sitwat Rizvi on behalf of Dar Al Sharia.
CDNS has a unique distinction of being the largest investment and financial institution in Pakistan which carries a legacy of more than 130 years by now. It holds a massive portfolio of over 3.4 trillion rupees withmore than 7 million valued investors. Dar Al Sharia is renowned globally for rendering innovative Sharia consultancy services across all Islamic finance segments and is also the recipient of numerous international awards in recognition of its outstanding services to the Islamic finance industry.
Pursuant to this engagement, CDNS will establish, under advice of Dar Al Sharia, a fully segregated Islamic window which shall be able to offer Sharia compliant saving products and services. National Savings will aim to promote savings that will be utilized for investment by the Government of Pakistan in a Sharia compliant manner for its Sharia compliant revenue generating projects and development activities.
The investors shall be entitled to receive profit proceeds arising out of the revenue generated from Sharia approved assets portfolio.
In order to adopt a robust Sharia governance framework in line with best practices prevalent in the Islamic finance industry, National Savings will have a dedicated Sharia Board, comprising of local and international scholars. The Sharia Board of National Savings will be responsible to monitor and ensure Sharia compliance of the operations of National Savings and the various Sharia compliant products and services to be offered.
With the successful launch of the National Savings Islamic Window, CDNS will be able to promote Sharia compliant savings and provide an avenue of financial inclusion to investors that only invest in accordance with the principles of Sharia.
MONCHENGLADBACH, Germany — February 6, 2017 — What are the decisive criteria for successful nonwoven manufacturing? The answer Trützschler Nonwovens focuses on at INDEX is high-quality webs and low conversion costs.
A major point at the show will be carding concepts for creating perfect webs for hygiene and other applications. Many end products require distinctive web characteristics therefore Trützschler Nonwovens continuously extends its range of fiber treatment, carding and web forming machinery. At INDEX we invite for discussions on airlay cards, random cards and the various configurations of our proven standard roller card.
In the bonding process often a different type of challenge arises when productivity and efficiency become an issue.
Take for instance chemical bonded webs: with the new Trützschler High-Speed Foulard for the application of liquid binding agents we address line speed. Various optimizations on rolls (patent pending) and sub-components allow for increasing the production speed of lightweight webs by up to 50%.
Hydroentangling and drying are a third focus point at INDEX because these processes are always worth a detailed discussion. For decades both the AquaJet and the multi-drum dryer have been on top of Trützschler Nonwovens' R&D agenda. We are looking forward to discussing the various configurations, new features and the most efficient spunlacing and drying processes.
Posted February 14, 2017
Source: Trützschler Nonwovens
How Bitcoin Killed Gold by Greg Guenthner – Daily Reckoning
Bitcoin's all grown up.
The digital currency splashed into the deep end last night when bitcoin futures debuted on the CBOE Global Markets exchange.
Most seasoned traders concluded that the advent of bitcoin futures would unravel the insane crypto rally we've witnessed over the past 12 months. Futures traders would eat the “amateurs” alive and slam the price lower once shorting bitcoin became an option, they said.
But so far, they've been dead wrong…
Bitcoin futures blasted higher right out of the gate last night. They triggered not one but two trading halts as it marched to overnight gains of more than 25% on the CBOE. Reports of the CBOE site going down started flooding in during the first hour of trading. Coinbase, a popular bitcoin trading site, also crumbled under the pressure last night.
[Editor's Note: Bitcoin has built some incredible trading fortunes in 2017. But trading confusing “cryptos” isn't the only way to book big profits fast. If you want a shot at $1 million in trading gains next year, you must change the way you view the markets.
That's why I've been working on a unique way to pull trading data to find the market's most powerful new trades. You can see for yourself how this never-before-seen project works firsthand later this week. Click here to get onboard…]
Bloomberg noted that while bitcoin is notoriously volatile, futures traders should “help tame swings by improving liquidity and making it easier to bet on declines.” But in true bitcoin fashion, no dips have materialized just yet.
“It is rare that you see something more volatile than bitcoin, but we found it: bitcoin futures,” one Shanghai-based consultant told Bloomberg.
Bitcoin trading is totally bonkers. And it doesn't look like it's going to calm down anytime soon. It's morphed from an underground tech-geek trade to the biggest market mania we've seen in decades. Bitcoin news is pushing stock market stories below the fold. Despite the market's incredible performance this year, equities are starting to take a back seat to cryptocurrencies.
loading...
Sharing is caring!
Robert Griffin III talks about his injury-shortened season and says he hopes to remain in Cleveland for 2017. (0:45)
BEREA, Ohio -- If Robert Griffin III said it once, he said it six times in his season-ending interview Monday with the Cleveland Browns media.
"I want to be here," was Griffin's mantra as he spoke about the Browns' 1-15 season and his future. He made it plain and clear he hopes the Browns keep him in 2017.
"Right now I'm here with the Cleveland Browns and I love these guys in this locker room," Griffin said as teammates packed boxes around him. "And I want to help them win here."
Griffin signed a two-year deal in March, but the contract includes a $1.5 million roster bonus due in March. If the Browns pay it, he stays; if they don't, he's back on the market as a free agent.
"It's out of my hands now, there's nothing I can do from this point forward but just know I want to be here," Griffin said. "I want to be here with these guys and turn this thing around."
Griffin was one of many Browns who said they were proud of their team, and who believe there is a bright future despite the disappointing season. They all seemed to say this year was a painful necessity in the team's rebuild.
"I think this experience makes you better," Griffin said. "It's not something that anyone signs up for. But you really find the true character of your team, yourself and everyone in the organization when you go through something like this, and like I said, I'm proud to be here."
Griffin started the opener in Philadelphia and did not play well. He also left the game with a broken coracoid process in his left shoulder, which sidelined him for 11 games. He returned against Cincinnati, and struggled against the Bengals as well as in the next game against Buffalo.
But Griffin completed 68 percent of his passes in the Browns' lone win over San Diego, and he went 29-for-40 for 232 yards with two touchdowns and an interception in their overtime loss to the Steelers on Sunday.
Griffin acknowledged that his career hung in the balance after 2015, when he did not play a down for the Redskins. He was released, then signed with the Browns, where in five games he completed 87 of 147 passes (59.2 percent) for 886 yards with two touchdowns, three interceptions, four fumbles and two injuries (the broken bone and a concussion). His Total QBR for the season was 42.2, his passer rating 72.5.
Coach Hue Jackson said Griffin improved each game in the final month. That was reflected in Griffin's weekly Total QBR. In the four games he played, his weekly ranking went from 29th in the league too 25th to 18th to 11th against the Steelers.
"I think to not play a lot of football in two years and finish the season the way we did, or the way I did personally, I feel good about it," Griffin said. "But I'm not satisfied at all. So I'm going to go into this offseason hungrier than ever, ready to prove it all over again."
Griffin gushed about his experience with the Browns and in Cleveland. He thanked the fans, said Jackson and assistant Pep Hamilton brought the best out of him and was unshakeable in supporting these teammates.
"I'm not an idiot," he said. "I know a lot of people were writing me off as a player, as a quarterback, saying I couldn't do it. And to go out and show that I can, I think that proves a lot of people wrong."
Griffin said he will work this offseason to improve, adding "I don't think anybody's ever said I've been afraid of hard work."
But the one point he emphasized over and over was that he wants to play for the Browns in 2017.
"I've done everything that I can to this point with the cards that I was dealt to try to put the best foot forward and let the chips fall where they may," he said.
SENATOR Nehal Hashmi of PML(N) has faced music for churning out anti-judiciary remarks, the video of which went viral a few weeks back. The apex court of the country took notice of his remarks and announcing its reserved judgement in the case on Thursday it sentenced him to one month imprisonment and fifty thousand rupee fine. And above all, he stands disqualified for five years.
No doubt, Nehal has a chance to go for review petition before a larger bench of the court but fate of such an attempt is also doubtful going by the fact that the Supreme Court has not accepted his apology. In normal circumstances, such apologies are accepted by courts but it seems he has been made an example to send message to others. And in a related development, the Chief Justice of Pakistan also took suo motto notice of “contemptuous speeches” against judiciary made by PML-N leader and state minister Talal Chaudhry. The court will hear the matter against Talal on February 6, when he has also been asked to appear. There are no two opinions that judges and their verdicts are not perfect and therefore, judgements being public property can be commented upon but all this should be within the limits of decency. Institutions must not be attacked; otherwise there would be chaos in the country. Similarly, courts should also exercise restraints and must not take swift action and that too against individuals or leaders belonging to one particular party as this can be construed as counter measures and not dictates of the justice. Irrespective of the explanations and counter explanations, the fact remains that PML(N) feels to be an aggrieved party that has suffered hugely because of court verdicts. Anyhow, sanity demands that institutions should be given full respect while airing one's grievances.
Related
North American stock markets were surging this morning in a broad advance across most sectors to start the week.
The S&P/TSX composite index was up 120.35 points to 15,153.73, after 90 minutes of trading.
In New York, the Dow Jones industrial average was up 154.13 points to 22,012.45. The S&P 500 index was up 25.93 points to 2,467.25 and the Nasdaq composite index was up 78.78 points to 6,335.34.
The Canadian dollar was trading at 78.76 cents (U.S.), down from an average price of 78.83 cents on Friday.
The September crude contract was up 26 cents to $49.08 per barrel and the September natural gas contract was down four cents to $2.94 per mmBTU.
DENPASAR, Indonesia (Reuters) -
Monday, December 11, 2017 at 3:38 am |
Indonesian police are hunting for a U.S. citizen who escaped on Monday from an overcrowded prison on the holiday island of Bali by cutting through steel bars in a ceiling, the jail's second breakout of foreign inmates this year.
The Kerobokan prison, about six miles from the main tourist beaches in the Kuta area, often holds foreigners facing drug-related charges.
Cristian Beasley, who was a suspect in crimes related to narcotics but had not been sentenced, escaped at 4.10 a.m. (local time), said Badung Police chief Yudith Satria Hananta.
“It is thought that the prisoner escaped … by cutting through the steel bars above the ceiling,” he said in a statement, without giving details of how Beasley escaped without being detected.
Beasley, 32, from California, is believed to have then used a rope to climb down a wall before getting over a perimeter wall in an area being refurbished.
Police had questioned witnesses and guards and were hunting for Beasley, Hananta said.
Another American, Paul Anthony Hoffman, 57, was captured while also trying to escape, Hananta said.
Representatives of Beasley and Hoffman could not immediately be reached for comment.
In June, an Australian, a Bulgarian, an Indian and a Malaysian tunneled to freedom about 13 yards under the prison's walls.
The Indian and the Bulgarian were caught soon after in neighbouring East Timor, but Australian Shaun Edward Davidson and Malaysian Tee Kok King remain at large.
Davidson has taunted authorities by saying he was enjoying life in various parts of the world, in purported posts on social media.
Indonesia has executed several foreign drug convicts in recent years.
Indonesian prisons are often overcrowded, partly because a war on drugs led by the government of President Joko Widodo has led to a surge in the number of people locked up.
As of June, Kerobokan housed 1,378 inmates, more than four times its planned capacity of 323, government data show.
Prison escapes are fairly common in Indonesia, which launched an investigation this year after about 350 inmates broke out of a prison on the island of Sumatra.
Photo: Anthony Behar / Sipa / USA Today
By Scott T. Sterling
Jeezy is set to warm up the winter with the 2018 Cold Summer Tour.
Related: Jeezy and Puffy Daddy Rule Miami in ‘Bottles Up' Video
The 6-week, 31-city U.S. tour with special guest Tee Grizzley launches in Anaheim, CA on February 7 at the House of Blues.
The Cold Summer Tour exclusive 48-hour ticket pre-sale at Jeezy's website base will take place Tuesday, December 12 -Thursday, December 14th and are available here.
The tour will be in support of the rapper's new album, Pressure, which is due to debut on Dec. 15.
See the full itinerary below.
2/7 – Anaheim, CA @ House of Blues Anaheim
2/8 – Las Vegas, NV @ House of Blues Las Vegas
2/9 – Los Angeles, CA @ Belasco Theatre
2/11 – Sacramento, CA @ Ace of Spades
2/15 – Denver, CO @ Summit Music Hall
2/16 – Kansas City, MO @ Uptown Theater
2/18 – Minneapolis, MN @ Music Hall of Minneapolis
2/21 – Chicago, IL @ House of Blues Chicago
2/22 – Milwaukee, WI @ The Rave
2/23 – Indianapolis, IN @ Egyptian Room at Old National Centre
2/24 – Detroit, MI @ The Fillmore Detroit
2/25 – Grand Rapids, MI @ 20 Monroe Live
2/26 – Cleveland, OH @ House of Blues Cleveland
2/28 – Boston, MA @ House of Blues Boston
3/1 – Providence, RI @ The Strand
3/2 – New York, NY @ Playstation Theater
3/3 – Philadelphia, PA @ The Fillmore Philadelphia
3/4 – Washington DC @ The Fillmore Silver Spring
3/6 – Norfolk, VA @ The NorVa
3/7 – Raleigh, NC @ The Ritz
3/8 – Myrtle Beach, SC @ House of Blues Myrtle Beach
3/9 – Nashville, TN @ War Memorial Auditorium
3/10 – Atlanta, GA @ Tabernacle
3/11 – Charlotte, NC @ The Fillmore Charlotte
3/15 – Shreveport, LA @ Shreveport Municipal Memorial Auditorium
3/16 – Memphis, TN @ Minglewood Hall
3/17 – New Orleans, LA @ House of Blues New Orleans
3/20 – Dallas, TX @ House of Blues Dallas
3/21 – San Antonio, TX @ Aztec Theatre
3/22 – Houston, TX @ House of Blues Houston
3/23 – Tulsa, OK @ Cain's Ballroom
Never miss a tour date from Jeezy with Eventful.
Members of the Massachusetts Board of Higher Education listened Tuesday as parents and students fumed over the expected closure of Mount Ida College.
At a public meeting held in Boston, members of the board's academic affairs committee explained how they, too, learned first from media reports that Mount Ida's Newton campus would be purchased by the University of Massachusetts Amherst, and were now scrambling to help map transitions for students left with few options.
The Board of Higher Education, which has some oversight authority on closures and academic programs, has received 128 complaints about the proposed deal.
Chris Gabrieli, the board chairman, called the situation a "hot mess."
Unsettled parents and students from Mount Ida were joined by faculty and students from UMass Boston, a campus strapped with debt and faced with proposed cutbacks as UMass Amherst gains a satellite campus.
"I chose Mount Ida. Not any other school. And now it's being taken away from me," said a sobbing Laurie Gilson, reading a letter on behalf of her daughter Melissa, a Mount Ida student currently traveling abroad. "And how fair is that to me and any other student?"
"They're the most pitied kids anywhere," said Laurel Collins, whose daughter is a freshman in Mount Ida's veterinary-technician program. "Parents and students together will be paying for an extra year of college due to this debacle."
Collins has become somewhat of a spokesperson for the group of displaced students and parents, many of whom chose Mount Ida for special programs offered at few, if any, other colleges in Massachusetts.
Mobilized by their shared frustration, nearly 800 people joined a Facebook group to share the information and misinformation they picked up through media reports and other sources, though rarely by Mount Ida College itself.
"They will not speak to parents," Collins said. "They're hiding, as far as we can tell."
Mothers, fathers, incoming students and enrolled students all took turns at the microphone in the front of the room, facing board members as they expressed their disappointment.
Woburn resident Laurel Collins whose daughter is a freshman at Mt Ida vet-tech program, speaks to the Board of Higher Ed. She has become a spokesperson for other distraught parents and students. pic.twitter.com/LZ8vYNJ9iq -- Kristin LaFratta (@kristinlafratta) April 24, 2018
Many pointed out how Mount Ida - which accepted incoming students and deposits up until early April, just before announcing its closure - had touted its reputable specialty programs and accessibility services.
"Mount Ida is more than a school, it's a home," said Taylor Higgins, a student with hearing loss who said she was provided an opportunity to work with interpreters who helped accommodate her college experience. She was accepted into eight different schools, but since sophomore year of high school she knew Mount Ida was where she wanted to go.
Higgins said she found one other school that she is considering, though it is significantly more expensive than Mount Ida and would require her to accrue much more debt in student loans.
Finances are on the minds of many students who have invested thousands into their Mount Ida educations over the years. Colleen Mahoney, a junior finishing her dental hygiene program at Mount Ida, said if students cannot transfer into a new program in the fall, loan payments will begin in November.
For dental hygiene students, the Massachusetts College of Pharmacy and Health Sciences is the only other school in the state that offers a comparable program, though the curriculum at MCPHS calls for an extra year.
Parents and students have told MassLive that initial plans announced by the college - like moving its mortuary science program to Cape Cod Community College, transferring its dental hygiene program to Regis College and shifting its graphics and animation program to UMass Dartmouth - have since fallen through.
The Mass. Board of Higher Education's academic affairs committee said on Tuesday they've had received two drafts of Mount Ida's "closure plan," a template required by the Department of Higher Ed. when an institution closes.
While Gabrieli and his fellow board members acknowledged the dire financial condition of Mount Ida, they added that other small colleges are seeing similar struggles and many are likely to close as well in the near future.
"The picture here is not just about Mount Ida and UMass. It's about what we see unfolding in real time in higher education here in Massachusetts and across the country," said J.D. LaRock, the board's community college Trustee Representative.
"I personally can name half a dozen institutions in Massachusetts that are likely in a similar place to Mount Ida," he added.
LaRock also referred to the testing the limits of the board's authority over higher education in the state. He said a statute in the board's authority calls for members to oversee activities at community colleges, state universities, including schools in the University of Massachusetts system.
"The fact that a month ago I received a signed contract for next year was cruel," said Jeffrey Marshall, Associate Professor of Art Foundations at Mount Ida College, who called on UMass, and by extension the state, to honor the contracts of Mt Ida faculty. pic.twitter.com/x4f9GxRCft -- Kristin LaFratta (@kristinlafratta) April 24, 2018
Drawing the ire of some Mount Ida students and parents, UMass Boston advocates spoke as well at the public meeting to criticize the deal between UMass Amherst and Mount Ida.
The recent announcement said UMass Amherst will rename the Newton school as "the Mount Ida Campus of UMass Amherst," which will serve as a satellite for Amherst students who get internships around Boston. UMass Boston supporters claim their campus is in dire need of funding, as evidenced by crumbling buildings and layoffs.
One critical voice came from Richard Freeland, who previously worked in roles as the Massachusetts commissioner of higher education, president of Northeastern University and a top administrator at UMass Boston.
"The likely impact is the cannibalization of enrollments at UMass Boston, and other public campuses in the area and also area private colleges and universities," Freeland said of the UMass Amherst deal.
Gabrieli, the board chairman, said the UMass debate would fall behind in priority to the immediate needs of Mount Ida students scurrying to secure plans for next fall.
"It's frustrating for every parent the fact that this will take weeks more before it all becomes clear enough," Gabrieli said.
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Bristol Rugby's strength in depth is not as strong as most believe and Friday's 35-46 defeat to Leinster A in the British & Irish Cup exposed that.
Yes Bristol Rugby are flying in the Greene King IPA Championship - unbeaten in 11 games, and yes head coach Pat Lam made wholesale changes to the team which beat Doncaster Knights in the league a week earlier, keeping just three men in from the starting XV.
But this was a team that should have been capable of winning on Friday with eight internationals in the starting side along with players expected to be stars of the future in the form of Mat Protheroe, fly half Callum Sheedy and scrum half Andy Uren.
Talking about the defeat, Lam said doing their analysis work in the tape room on Monday is not going to be an enjoyable experience. He explained: “There will be be some embarrassment on Monday, as there is now. But there is no point crying over spilt milk - we are still learning.
“Where I am trying to take Bristol Rugby, it will never come down to the quality of the][starting XV] players, it's about making sure we have a lot of depth in the squad and some guys are stepping up to the mark, others still have some work to do.
“There were some good lessons there all around as a group.”
The B&I Cup is a distraction rather than a priority for Bristol this season but the loss will have hurt them nonetheless and Lam talked of his frustration at the manner of the defeat with errors costing them. Bristol currently sit third in the group in the B&I Cup behind Leinster and Doncaster, currently out of contention for the knock-out rounds.
There are three games remaining, so 15 possible points available, starting with five against Leinster at Donnybrook RFC on Friday night. If they were to win all three games advancement in the competition would be likely.
Lam consistently talks about big the picture for the club, which is playing back in the Aviva Premiership next season, and then in the Champions Cup on a regular basis - which requires you to finish in the top six of the league for an automatic place.
As English clubs struggled in Europe this weekend, Friday's defeat against Leinster A served as a reminder that his Bristol squad is still very much a work in progress.
In the A-League, a competition for Aviva Premiership clubs' second teams and Bristol United, the table also does not make pretty reading. Bristol are second from bottom of the Southern League conference with just one win out of five to show for their efforts so far.
Bristol are very lucky to be involved in the competition, with Lam able to pitt his wider squad against Premiership standard players - but so far this season the outcome has been that while they are competitive they not quite up to the standard yet.
Fans are understandably getting a little frustrated with all the transfer talk linking players with a move to Bristol next season, but make no mistake there is plenty of action going on behind the scenes to make sure the club is considerably stronger for their next campaign; because Lam must heed the lessons London Irish, and so many before them, are learning this season.
London Irish were a force to be reckoned with in the Greene King IPA Championship in 2016-17, they won 19 of their 20 league games, only losing 15-11 to the Jersey Reds, before going on to win home and away in both the semi-finals and finals of the play offs - seeing off Doncaster Knights and Yorkshire Carnegie to win promotion.
The play off system off course has now been scrapped. The point is they were near on unbeatable last season but the Exiles still find themselves at the foot of the Aviva Premiership this season with just one win and eight points to show of their efforts after 10 rounds of action in the top tier of English rugby.
If Bristol is to do better than that next season and move away from being a yoyo club, the entire squad will need to continue to improve and more high quality players with Premiership experience will need to come in to join the likes of Charles Piutau in the hoops.
PanARMENIAN.Net - A medieval wine press has been unearthed during construction work near a school in the Armenian city of Yeghegnadzor, Argishti Mikayelyan, a Facebook user, said in a post on Friday, February 2.
Excavations were carried out director of the Geological Museum of Yeghegnadzor, archaeologist Karen Azaryan.
“This (the find - ed.) comes to prove that Vayots Dzor province has had a wealthy winemaking culture since ancient times which has survived and continues developings,” the user said.
The 6100-year-old Areni winery was discovered in 2007 in the Areni-1 cave complex in the village of Areni again in the Vayots Dzor province. The excavations of the winery were completed in 2010.
Peterborough United are offering discounted admission to their final League One home match of the season for season ticket holders at Premier League clubs.
Posh are keen to persuade those Peterborough residents who travel to watch top-flight football to also support their local club.
Posh host Fleetwood Town in their final home match of the campaign on Saturday, April 28.
A Posh spokesman said: “We have known for some time that a lot of football fans in the area leave on trains on Saturdays to go and watch Premier League matches so for the Fleetwood match, we have reduced prices to see if we can entice them to the ABAX Stadium and hopefully convert them into regular Posh fans.”
Anyone with a valid, current season ticket at a Premier League stadium can present their season card/ticket along with a form of ID at the ABAX Stadium Box Office either ahead of Saturday or on the day of the game and gain admission anywhere in the ground (excluding hospitality areas) for £15 (adults), £12 (senior citizens) or £10 (under 22s).
Tickets are also available to purchase online at www.theposhtickets.com, via the Ticketmaster Hotline 0844 847 1934 (calls cost 7ppm plus your network access fee) and in person at the stadium Ticket Office.
The offer has received a mixed, but mainly negative, reaction on social media from Posh fans.
Amanullah Khan
Karachi
The State Bank of Pakistan (SBP) and Competition Commission of Pakistan (CCP) have signed a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) for sharing information between the two institutions. The MoU aims to assist and share unclassified information with each other on matters that fall within the statutory mandate of both the institutions.
Under the Memorandum of Understanding, both the institutions have agreed to share information based on research conducted on different industries of Pakistan and assist each other in undertaking advocacy initiatives in order to promote public awareness of the Competition Act and the Banking Laws.
MoU further highlights that the State Bank of Pakistan and the Competition Commission of Pakistan shall assist each other in matters of mutual interest for better implementation of respective statutory powers.
Local Soccer Shots hosting Fun Fest at Nealon Park on June 2
Emailed James Evans who heads the local chapter of Soccer Shots: “We have a special two-hour free event for local families with young children, celebrating Soccer Shots. It's our 10th anniversary of serving 25,000 children in the Bay Area since 2008.
“The Fun Fest [will be on] Sat, June 2 from 10:00 am to noon at Nealon Park in Menlo Park. Partners like the SJ Earthquakes, Bright Horizons, The Riekes Center, Santa Clara University Athletics and many more will be present at the event.
“We serve 5,000 children (mostly ages 2-5) a year on the Peninsula, and 300,000 nationally. Locally, we have 30 coaches and serve all the Menlo Park public schools and many preschools. We serve 150 Menlo Park families every Saturday morning at Nealon Park.”
Those interested in attending can RSVP online.
Photo courtesy Soccer Shots
According to a York Daily Record report on Tuesday, a Pennsylvania golf club called the police on five black women for, well, playing golf. One of the members of the group described the experience as "horrific." In a statement later, the club's co-owner apologized for the "disappointing" situation.
The alleged incident took place in York County of Pennsylvania where Sandra Thompson, Myneca Ojo, Sandra Harrison, Carolyn Dow, and Karen Crosby gathered to play golf at the Grandview Golf Club in Dover Township on Saturday. The women told York Daily Record that the tension first began when they were allegedly told by previous York County Commissioner Steve Chronister that they were playing too slowly. (According to the women, Chronister told them that he owned the golf club.) The group told the newspaper that their pace was normal. Bustle has reached out to Chronister for comment.
The group, which calls itself the Sisters in the Fairway, said that they were made "uncomfortable" by Chronister's alleged message. "I felt we were discriminated against," Ojo told York Daily Record on Sunday. "It was a horrific experience."
On the same day, the group claimed they were told that they had taken a long break between their first and second sessions. At this point, the women said they were told to leave the golf course premises and were informed that their membership fee would be reimbursed to them. Right after that, they said, the police was called.
Yet the Northern York County Regional Police said that no charges were filed against the women. While speaking with the Associated Press, Chief of the Northern York County Regional Police Mark Bentzel said, "No result on our end, no action." He added, "We were called there for an issue. The issue did not warrant any charges. All parties left, and we left as well."
According to AP, Harrison from the group said that she checked with another Grandview golf member if the group was actually playing slowly. The golf member told Harrison that the women were playing at a normal pace. But the women said that they were so disturbed by the "hostility" of the management that they decided to ditch the third hole in order to curb any kind of altercation.
Chronister's wife and co-owner of the Grandview golf club, J.J. Chronister told the York Daily Record that she called the women on Sunday in order to say sorry. "We are disappointed that this situation occurred and regret that our members were made to feel uncomfortable in any way," her official statement said.
She added, "We have reached out to the members who shared their concerns to meet in-person, to fully understand what happened so that we can ensure it never happens again. Our team is very sorry for any interaction that may have made any member feel uncomfortable."
Wrapping up her statement, the Grandview co-owner said that the management expects "our own organization to meet the highest standards for service that allows for everyone to feel comfortable and welcome."
In spite of the golf club's official statement and professed intention to meet in order to supposedly improve relations, Sisters in the Fairway seems to be skeptic. Ojo, who oversees diversity initiatives at the Pennsylvania Turnpike Commission, told York Daily Record, "No, there's no new development; we'll let [J.J. Chronister] know." She added, "We just haven't figured out the time, the approach ... it does need to come to some conclusion."
Echoing Ojo's sentiment, Thompson told AP that she was not certain if a meeting would necessarily rectify what took place. "There needs to be something more substantial to understand they don't treat people in this manner," Thompson said.
The Grandview report may remind some observers of an incident that took place at a Philadelphia Starbucks in April when two black men were arrested for, well, simply sitting in the cafe. Although Starbucks has since apologized to the two men, observers have raised their concerns about the subject of being black and in public.
A A A
Rest easy during EU holidays: no more phone roaming costs
People sunbathe on a beach of Barcelona, Spain, Wednesday, June 14, 2017. Spain's AEMET weather agency said 27 of the country's 50 provinces were being warned of abnormally high temperatures over the coming week and that atmospheric conditions were creating a stationary mass of hot air across inland Spain. (AP Photo/Manu Fernandez) People sunbathe on a beach of Barcelona, Spain, Wednesday, June 14, 2017. Spain's AEMET weather agency said 27 of the country's 50 provinces were being warned of abnormally high temperatures over the coming week and that atmospheric conditions were creating a stationary mass of hot air across inland Spain. (AP Photo/Manu Fernandez) More News
Video
Buy AP Photo Reprints
(AP) — From now on, European Union holidaymakers should return home without that sense of high anxiety about their mobile phone bill: extra fees for using it abroad should have gone.
The 28-country EU should be a seamless area of roaming costs for travelers as of Wednesday, following years of negotiations to cut often excessive costs to use a mobile outside the home country. It long was a key example to show the EU market was not close to being seamless.
EU Commission spokesman Margaritis Schinas said: "Citizens can count on us to make sure the promise of such legislation will be fulfilled."
The EU legislature had its final vote in April on how many operators may charge each other for using their networks for roaming, which should cut costs substantially.
Sri Lanka vs India 2017: Five talking points from the Test series
A look back at the highlights from a series that was pretty much a one-sided affair.
@Rupinzel by Rupin Kale Top 5 / Top 10 15 Aug 2017, 00:27 IST
India won the Test series against Sri Lanka in Sri Lanka comprehensively
Virat Kohli's success story as India's Test captain has extended itself yet again. The newest chapter of this saga describes the team's ruthless performance in the recently concluded series against Sri Lanka, where they whitewashed the hosts in a thumping 3-0 victory.
The best thing about this victory was that each win was greater in margin than the one preceding it.
Here's a look at the dominant results that India managed to pull off over the course of the 3-match series:
1st Test: July 26 to 30, Galle: India won by 304 runs
2nd Test: Aug 3 to 7, Colombo: India won by an innings and 53 runs
3rd Test: Aug 12 to 16, Pallekele: India won by an innings and 171 runs
An array of positives will emerge for India after this series, just as a bunch of problems will latch itself onto anyone who is involved with Sri Lankan cricket. Here is a list of the top five talking points of the series, with respect to both the participating teams:
#1 The emergence of Hardik Pandya
Hardik Pandya has been the biggest positive from this series
It is always better to shock people and change their expectations than to give them exactly what they think you can do: Jonah Hill
When Hardik Pandya made his international debut in January last year, no one gave him a second glance. He seemed to be a run-of-the-mill all-rounder of the new era who bowled with an average of 30 and batted lower down the order just to belt a few into the crowd in the death overs.
He did just that for a year. He was a lightning-quick fielder, a useful fourth/fifth bowler and he knew how to swing the willow: the salient features of a modern day limited overs batsman. He performed brilliantly in the ICC Champions Trophy that was hosted in England this June, and won plaudits from cricket experts all over the world.
In spite of his heroics in one-day cricket, he wasn't considered for Test matches. No one even thought of trying him out in the longest format of the game, and rightly so: he had no first-class centuries and had not shown a smidgen of the temperament that is such a pre-requisite to playing Test cricket.
The selectors decided to try him out for the Sri Lanka series though, and the youngster grabbed the (unexpected) opportunity with both hands. He performed well throughout the series, and silenced naysayers every time he set foot on the field.
He played three matches, bowled 32 overs and picked up four wickets with a bowling average of 23.75 to go with an economy of 2.96: his numbers with the ball are impressive, but they don't even come close to his exploits with the bat. He walked out to the middle just three times in the entire series and ended up scoring 178 runs at an average of 59.33 with a fifty and a perfectly-paced hundred.
The biggest positive from Pandya's successful introduction to Test cricket was how he seemed to be more at home with every passing game. There was steady improvement and an increasing sense of belief that he belonged at this level.
When he came out to bat in the first two Tests, the situation was tailor-made for him. The 23-year-old just had to come in and ameliorate on a good foundation, like he always does. The third Test, though, was a challenge for the man from Gujarat. He walked into a tricky phase of the game, when the Indian score read 322/6 and it looked like the hosts had a real chance of matching up to Kohli's men for the first time in the series.
Pandya, however, had other plans. He dug in, let the storm pass, and scored his first fifty runs in a slow, steady and seamless manner. The Sri Lankans were already deflated by then. What followed was a sheer decimation of the bowling attack, as Pandya shed his defensive skin and unleashed his natural game on the proceedings. He smashed 26 runs in an over and scored his next fifty runs at rapid pace.
The right-hander was declared the Man of the Match for the innings, and in the post-match presentation, Kohli declared that Pandya was the biggest positive for India from the series.
It can't get any better for the youngster in his maiden series, can it?
BUSINESS
IDA Co., which specializes in baby products, was awarded the $1 million Export Tower in the 54th Trade Day Festival ceremony on Dec. 5 at the Coex in Gangnam, for its export of baby products.The festival, which was hosted by Korea International Trade Association and sponsored by Ministry of Trade, Industry and Energy, aims to encourage people to engage in the trade industry and develop the export industry. About 2,000 people attended the event, including President Moon Jae-in; Paik Un-gyu, the Minister of MOTIE; and Kim Young-joo, the chairman of KITA.In the ceremony, IDA Co. was presented with the award for achieving $1 million in exports in 2016. The company has been presented with various awards this year including the minister prize from MOTIE, and was also selected as a promising small and medium-sized business in export.In July the company achieved a total export amount of $3 million.IDA Co., which sells baby products such as Nabizam diapers and Hanulsoo wet wipes, is expected to grow more in exports since it has been focusing on the overseas market.
ALBANY, N.Y. -- Albany attackman Connor Fields was the epitome of selflessness during his four-year lacrosse career with the Great Danes, willing to sacrifice anything for the good of the team -- even his athletic future.
Fields, of East Amherst, New York, sprained the MCL in his right knee in a win at UMass-Lowell in late March, then hurt it again a month later in a lopsided loss at eventual national champion Yale.
Medical tests after the loss to the Bulldogs also revealed a torn ACL. Surprised by the finding because the knee had felt OK, Fields, coach Scott Marr and the training staff elected not to reveal the full extent of the injury, not even to the team, because the senior wanted to finish the season and not be a distraction.
"It was tough, for sure," Fields said Wednesday. "But coach and I were both on the same page. I wasn't actually that worried. Each game it was getting more comfortable."
The situation was not so easy for mom, though, because she's a nurse.
"For me, every game was hard to watch," said Jennifer Fields, who shared the secret with a couple of the players' mothers. "If he does something he won't be able to play. But he's 22. He makes his own decisions."
So he finished the season, capping an impressive career with five goals and 10 assists in three NCAA tournament games. Albany's season ended with a 20-11 loss last Saturday to Yale in the national semifinals at Gillette Stadium in Foxborough, Massachusetts.
"You people have no idea what this young man has been through for the last month-and-a-half," Marr said after the season-ending loss. "I could not be more proud of him for leading our team and being a warrior and playing with a really serious injury."
"It was tough, for sure," Connor Fields said of playing through a torn ACL. "But coach and I were both on the same page. I wasn't actually that worried. Each game it was getting more comfortable." Michael Tureski/Icon Sportswire
Fields helped lead the Great Danes (16-3) to new heights in his final year: the top ranking in the nation for six weeks early in the season and a berth in the Final Four. Both were firsts for the men's program.
"I just think being with the guys, I mean, practice I had so much fun at," said Fields, who revealed the extent of his injury Tuesday. "We worked hard, and it was just great to be with the guys. I had so many great times here, and I wouldn't trade it for anything."
Fields scored 25 goals and 29 assists in the first seven games of the season, a pace that gave him a chance to challenge the Division I scoring record. But the injured knee, which limited his ability to dodge, forced him to miss three full games and major parts of two others, and he had just nine more goals and 23 assists the rest of the season. He finished his career with 199 goals, tied for third all time, and 364 points, second all time to former teammate Lyle Thompson (400).
In spite of the knee, Fields, the third pick in the Major League Lacrosse draft, went out in style with three goals and two assists in his final college game. His first goal against Yale was spectacular and came as he unleashed a shot while tumbling headfirst to the turf in front of the goal. And his first assist was a beauty: a no-look, behind-the-back flip from the right side across the crease to Jakob Patterson for an easy goal.
When it was over, Fields lingered on the field after the other players departed. It was one last chance for the lone Albany player selected to the all-tournament team to spend more time with the fans and soak in the moment.
"For that kid to be out there at all is phenomenal," Yale coach Andy Shay said. "I've had a knee injury. The respect I have for him for finishing his senior year and leading that team to the Final Four, I've never seen anything like it."
Fields, drafted by the Charlotte Hounds, said he has an appointment with a doctor Tuesday before a decision is made about the next step.
"I want to play. I just love going out there," Fields said. "But at the same time, we're hoping for a longer deal. Whatever they want me to do."
For many reasons, high school English class has gotten a bit of a bad reputation. Remarkably few people think back fondly on their forced encounters with Melville or Salinger. Essentially no one feels gratitude for being made to read The Scarlet Letter. And yes, it's absolutely true that most English classes are in desperate need of some updated readings lists, and that most high school curricula veer heavily towards the writing of straight, dead white men. That needs to change. As we work towards building a better English class, though, it's just maybe worth taking a second look at some of those books we hated reading back in 10th grade. After all, present day you might find a few things that 16-year-old you missed out on.
I mean, sure, I definitely hated my fair sharing of assigned reading back in the day (A Separate Peace, anyone?), but high school English was also my safe haven. I can still remember lessons on The Odyssey and Song of Solomon and The Things They Carried with perfect clarity. I genuinely feel like my high school class on James Joyce changed my life. I've even come back around on a few books that felt utterly inscrutable the first time through. So, whether you were a lit class nerd or a total non-reader, here are a few books from high school English that deserve a second chance:
1 'Romeo and Juliet' by William Shakespeare Very few hormonal teens want to have a book about hormonal teens explained to them by a boring adult. Also, romance is not cool because it is associated with girls and girl things, and so most high schoolers (and most adults) end up rolling their eyes at Romeo and Juliet. Read it again, though, and you just might find that it's a beautiful story about gender subversion and how adults would prefer to let teens die in the streets rather than compromise on their own stupid politics.
2 'The Great Gatsby' by F. Scott Fitzgerald Yes, all the characters in this book are the worst. They're supposed to be the worst. The Great Gatsby is not a book about long lost love, it's a damning critique of capitalism and the so-called American Dream. Read it again, and you might find that all those glitzy Gatsby-themed parties are kind of majorly missing the point.
3 'The Odyssey' by Homer With The Odyssey, it's really all about the translation. If you could never get into Fagles, ditch him for Emily Wilson, the first ever woman to translate The Odyssey into English. Her take on the story is riveting, modern, and highly read-able.
4 'Lord of the Flies' by William Golding Your English teacher might have told you that Lord of the Flies is about humanity's fundamentally violent nature. But what if I told you that William Golding was actually trying to point out English chauvinism, and flip the script on racist depictions of "savages"? Lord of the Flies is a re-write of Coral Island, a popular British children's book about perfect little British boys stranded on an island with "savage" natives. Golding wanted to subvert the imperialism of the original book by pointing out that the "civilized" British are the ones who bring violence and savagery to the rest of the world, and not the other way around.
5 'Great Expectations' by Charles Dickens Honestly, I don't care if you hate Pip and Estella and Magwitch from Great Expectations with all your heart. Everyone needs to re-read this book for Miss Havisham, possibly the greatest feminist icon of all time. She gets jilted on her wedding day, and decides to just stay in her rotting wedding dress forever and dedicate the rest of her life to ruining men from afar. Truly, a role model.
6 'Invisible Man' by Ralph Ellison I remember a lot of people complaining that this book was too hard to read in eleventh grade English, but looking back... wow. Invisible Man is a symphonic, nightmarish odyssey across the United States, from the Deep South to the basements of Harlem. Ellison explores the violent racism that exists even in the most "liberal" of spaces in his existential masterpiece. Just... give it a second read, if you had a hard time following it the first time around. Ralph Ellison won't let you down.
7 'Jane Eyre' by Charlotte Brontë Sure, there are more than a few problems with Jane Eyre's torrid, Gothic romance. Like the fact that Jane forgives her rich, ugly boyfriend for locking his mentally ill wife in the attic and then lying about it. That's... not great. But Jane Eyre is also one of very few old school romances that depicts a lady who is independent, self-sufficient, and only comes back to her boyfriend once she can be considered his absolute equal.
8 'Brave New World' by Aldous Huxley I feel like a lot of people remember Brave New World as some kind of low-rent 1984. But the two dystopias are actually quite different: 1984 takes on fascism and totalitarianism, and Brave New World is more of a horrific tour of late-stage capitalism. Take a second stab at it, and you might find that it still has the power to make you feel wildly uncomfortable about our consumer-based society.
9 'Frankenstein' by Mary Shelley Yes, the monster is supposed to be sympathetic. I remember being a little disappointed when I read Frankenstein in high school, and it wasn't a fun, schlocky, monster-hunt adventure. But the actual novel is far more interesting than that: it forces us to look past appearances when we decide which character is truly monstrous.
10 'All Quiet on the Western Front' by Erich Maria Remarque My god did this book bore me to tears back in the day. Now, though, I can recognize that all those pages of unsettling despair had a point. All Quiet on the Western Front intends to show war as it is: not an exciting tale full of heroes and villains, but as a meaningless death march for young people who happen to be wearing different uniforms.
11 'The Awakening' by Kate Chopin Look, you don't have to fall madly in love with The Awakening. But Kate Chopin deserves maybe a second glance for writing a major, controversial feminist classic. This book was shocking for suggesting that married women could have sexual desires and just feel sort of meh about motherhood. And for (spoiler alert) suggesting that a woman might prefer to walk slowly into the sea rather than adhere to traditional gender roles.
12 'The Crucible' by Arthur Miller If you hated reading The Crucible, your teacher did you a huge disservice. Witches! Communism! Repressed trauma! It doesn't get more exciting than this. Once you get past the antiquated setting, The Crucible is an edge-of-your-seat classic about American's repressive, Puritan roots (and also a little bit witches).
13 'Beowulf' by Unknown I know that ancient epics aren't everyone's cup of tea. But if you couldn't get past the verse as a teen, maybe try Beowulf again as an adult. It is, after all, a piece of classic literature in which a dude fights a monster, and then that monster's mom, and then a dragon, and basically nothing else happens and it's excellent.
14 'Moby-Dick or, The Whale' by Herman Melville Wait! Before you scroll away in hate and disgust! A lot of people truly dislike Moby-Dick, and I get that. It's the high seas adventure novel that dares to stop the plot every few pages and give you informative background on the institution of whaling. But, but! If you suck it up and give Melville a second chance, Moby-Dick is actually full of slapstick humor, proto-environmentalism, and a heck of a lot of homoeroticism. Plus, Ahab is a pretty darn great character.
Email Address: Password:
Enter your user name and password in the fields above to gain access to the subscriber content on this site.
Your subscription includes one set of login credentials for your exclusive use. Security features have been integrated on this site: If someone signs in with your credentials while you are logged in, the site will automatically close your ongoing login and you will lose access at that time.
To inquire about group subscriptions or an enterprise site license for your organization, contact Tracy Bumba.
If you feel your login credentials are being used by a second party, contact customer service at 877-615-9536 for assistance in changing your password.
Already a paid subscriber but not registered for online access yet? For instructions on how to get premium web access, click here.
Forgot your password?
The guest list for the annual White House Hanukkah party was considerably smaller in 2017 than in previous years, in part because no House or Senate Democrats were invited. The New York Times has reported:
The latkes were fried and the kosher lamb chops were prepared on Thursday [7 December], just as in past years, for the first White House Hanukkah party of the Trump era. But there was one prominent break with tradition: President Trump did not invite Democratic lawmakers. Mr. Trump, who prizes loyalty and seldom forgets a slight, left Democratic members of Congress off his Hanukkah list this year, according to congressional aides tracking the Invites. He also did not invite Reform Jewish leaders who have been critical of him or progressive Jewish activists who have differed with him publicly on policy issues.
Out of a total 30 Jewish members of Congress, only two received invitations this year, and they were both Republicans, according to the Times: Representatives Lee Zeldin of New York and David Kustoff of Tennessee. The party was held a day after President Trump announced his historic decision to recognize Jerusalem as the capital of Israel and move the U.S. Embassy there from Tel Aviv despite criticism from global leaders that it might harm the Middle East peace process.
Vice President Mike Pence, Jared and Ivanka Kushner, and a number of other top officials of the Trump administration also attended the party. According to the Times of Israel, the only invitee with views notably to the left Trump's was U.S. Supreme Court Justice Stephen Breyer:
Several Jewish cabinet members were also in attendance, including Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin, Secretary of Veteran Affairs David Schulman and Trump's special Middle East peace envoy Jason Greenblatt. While there were no Congressional Democrats or other notable Democrats present, Supreme Court Justice Stephen Breyer, who is Jewish, was there, donning a kippah. Breyer was appointed to the high court by former president Bill Clinton.
Rep. Debbie Wasserman Schultz (D-Florida) was among those who was not invited to the Hanukkah celebration. It didn't hurt her feelings, she told McClatchy DC, but said the partisan guest list broke with tradition and was an “unforced error” on Trump's part:
When you have a celebration at the White House, the people's house, to mark the festival of lights and have an event that is designed to be unifying and bringing a community together and celebrating with that community, why would you tinge that celebration with partisanship?
Similarly, Rep. Nita M. Lowey (D-New York) told the New York Times:
It's deeply unfortunate that the White House Hanukkah Party — a bipartisan event bringing together Jewish and non-Jewish leaders alike to celebrate the Festival of Lights since 2001 — has turned into a partisan affair under this administration.
Trump supporter and party attendee Morton Klein, president of the Zionist Organization of America, confirmed to the New York Times that “[Trump] did not invite people who have been hostile to him.”
But Klein disagreed that withholding invitations from critics of the administration was unprecedented, noting he had stopped receiving invitations to President Obama's White House Hanukkah parties for much the same reason.
A spokeswoman for First Lady Melania Trump, whose office is responsible for organizing White House holiday parties, told the Times she wasn't aware the party affiliations of the invitees and said the event was “meant to be more personal than political.”
We asked the White House for further clarification on the guest list policy but did not receive a reply by publication time.
PROJECT Bluebook provided John Quinn with a welcome big-race winner when sprouting wings after the last to beat Dandy Mag in the Avoca Dunboyne Juvenile Hurdle – one of the chief supporting races to the Irish Grand National at Fairyhouse.
Fourth in the Fred Winter at the Cheltenham Festival, Malton trainer Quinn stepped him up in class on the journey over to Ireland for the Grade Two heat. Sent off at 9-2 under Barry Geraghty, the four-year-old – the trainer's first horse to run in the iconic green and gold colours of top owner JP McManus – put in a few sketchy leaps, including at the second-last when he was being manoeuvred for a run up the rail.
Trainer John Quinn Picture: Anna Gowthorpe/PA.
On the back foot after that, Dandy Mag and Paul Townend looked set to prevail before Geraghty, riding like a man possessed, asked for everything and Project Bluebook responded to urgings to win, going away, by half a length, with the result confirmed following a brief stewards' inquiry.
Quinn's son and assistant, Sean, said: “He didn't jump as well as he can, but his toughness, allied to a very brave ride, saw him come out on top.
“He'd a busy time on the Flat and then went hurdling off the back of a small break, so he may get a break now. He's only rated 80 on the Flat, so we'll have to discuss plans.
“He might be well handicapped, but the owner is primarily a jumping man so we'll have to see what he wants to do.
“Dad asked me after Cheltenham where we might go and this race down the years hasn't been as strong as the Grade One in Punchestown.
“He was also in the handicap on Tuesday, but Mr McManus then made the call to come here and, not surprisingly, he got it right.
“This is the first horse we have for him.”
Meanwhile, trainer Jessica Harrington and jockey Robbie Power's golden run continued when the well-backed novice Our Duke won the feature Irish National.
Both have enjoyed a rich run of success since Sizing John's victory in last month's Cheltenham Gold Cup for Yorkshire-born Alan Potts.
Our Duke held off last year's runner-up Bless The Wings, ridden by talented teenager Jack Kennedy, who had to settle again for second place with Abolitionist third.
Despite an unprecedented 13 horses, nearly half the field, running in the colours of Gigginstown House Stud, the best was fourth-placed Thunder And Roses.
What goes 50 mph, drops 10 stories, has a 95-foot vertical loop, a dive loop and a zero G roll and promises almost 2 minutes of screaming, laughing, heart-pumping excitement?
As far as Robb Alvey is concerned, the answer would be “Time Traveler.” He hasn't even ridden the groundbreaking, $26 million Silver Dollar City roller coaster yet, but he's already sure it will meet his criteria for success: “That was crazy! And I can't wait to ride it again.”
Time Traveler, which the Branson theme park expects will open during its “Spring Ride Days” March 14-18, is “really the first of its kind,” says Alvey, founder of the Theme Park Review blog and roller coaster aficionado since high school.
“There have been a lot of spinning roller coasters, and there have been a lot of launch roller coasters, but there has never been a spinning launch roller coaster that goes upside down,” the Orlando resident says. “It sounds insane — and amazing.”
Alvey, who says he's on the road three to five weeks a year visiting theme parks, estimates he's ridden around 2,000 different roller coasters, everything from the 1970s machinery of the Orient Express at Worlds of Fun in Kansas City to the up-to-the-moment technology created by Mack Rides for its own Europa-Park. Mack Rides is the designer of Time Traveler, and Alvey says the company is a perfect match for Silver Dollar City and Herschend Family Entertainment.
“Mack is constantly looking at new attractions for their own park, and their demographic is families,” he says. “They develop rides for families, but they want them to be thrilling. And Silver Dollar City is a family-friendly environment, not a carnival midway like some parks.”
Brad Thomas, the president of Silver Dollar City Attractions, agrees with that assessment.
Having decided that 2018 would be a big investment year for Silver Dollar City, Thomas knew the park would be adding “something of significance.” He and other top SDC brass started visiting theme parks around the world in 2015, looking for the hottest new ride. Then they met with Mack Rides — a more than 200-year-old family business based in Waldkirch, Germany — and together they came up with the concept of a coaster with spinning cars and not just one but two launches. It is the first of its kind, Thomas says.
That brings us to January 2016, when Thomas was able to ride the first prototype for Time Traveler. The car was placed on an existing roller coaster track at Europa-Park, and Thomas, who says he usually laughs on roller coasters, admits he screamed. The cars were in free spin — and the result, Thomas says, “didn't fit our demographic, didn't fit our core customer, just wouldn't be enjoyable.”
The solution was magnets, which control the spin of each car as riders start with a 10-story, 90-degree vertical drop straight out of the station, spinning into a dive loop, a vertical loop and a zero G roll, plus the two launches — 0 to 47 mph in 3 seconds and 30 to 45 mph in 3.5 seconds.
Now, Thomas says, it's a thrill ride with the added dimension of spinning cars. And he thinks the whole family will love it. And “the whole family” is the demographic he was aiming to please.
Alvey says Silver Dollar City is already home to two of his favorite coasters — Wildfire, a steel coaster opened in 2001 that features a vertical drop of 15 stories, followed by five inversions including a full loop, cobra roll, corkscrew and high-speed spiral, and Outlaw Run, a wooden coaster voted Best New Ride of 2013 in a worldwide poll of park enthusiasts conducted by Amusement Today magazine. They are, he says, coasters so good, he'll hop on a plane to ride them.
“I expect Time Traveler to be in that list of favorites — and if you can make that list of favorites, you've done really well,” Alvey says.
FAQ
Spring Ride Days
WHAT — The anticipated opening of Time Traveler, more than 40 rides and attractions and entertainment including Sunday Drive, Dawson Hollow, Spoken 4 Quartet and After Grace and comedian Chris Stanley
WHEN — March 16-18, 21-25, 29-31 and April 6 & 8
WHERE — Silver Dollar City in Branson, Mo.
COST — $54-$65 one day; $88-$98 season pass
INFO — 800-475-9370 or silverdollarcity.com
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
I am delighted Bristol City did not leave all their transfer business to the last minute because they have been able to integrate their players into a team who are full of spirit and playing some terrific football.
In the game against QPR I thought the team were great from start to finish.
I said when I first saw new signing Lois Diony if you have a haircut like that you are going to have to be good because you are bringing attention to yourself.
But I was impressed with what I saw from him, I didn't know a lot about him before he came - let's be honest.
He came on with 10 men after Nathan Baker was sent off, and what I was looking for first was a work ethic and he had it - he worked really hard.
He is a strong, stocky player, decent in the air - not fantastic in the air but decent. I quite like the way he was prepared to run people in behind, he looked like he has decent pace and is a strong runner. I was really impressed with him.
It was a really good first impression and he seems like just the sort of player City need. I think he will compliment the presence of Famara Diedhiou up front, he is a little bit quicker than Diedhiou and he looks like a really strong athlete.
That will complement Bobby Reid as well and give Lee Johnson another option up front.
I thought Diedhiou had a terrific game on Saturday even though he is lacking a little bit of fitness, that's why he came off.
We got to see a bit more of Ryan Kent against QPR as well - I think he is really exciting.
He is the sort of player who is going to have some great games, but he might have some games where you think he is not involved but that is the negative of being a wide man.
He didn't get as much of the ball as I would have liked, but I thought City were really impressive down the right hand side of the pitch where he wasn't.
But I liked that Kent is prepared to face defenders up and take them on, it looks like he has a great centre of gravity and can change direction really quickly.
The one thing all the new players have is plenty of pace - I think that is a prerequisite for any player Lee Johnson signs. He wants players with plenty of pace who can get around the pitch with and without the ball and Ryan Kent certainly has that.
I really like have City have sent so many players out on loan this transfer window as well.
I hope this is all part of a big picture to get more players through to the first team.
I have been screaming and shouting having worked for the academy, and been part of the academy many years ago, for City to focus on the academy.
All this good stuff was happening on the surface, but under the surface you need to have a good recruitment and development programme and City are in a prime position, being where they are with all the positive attention and focus, where they have can get some quality young players from the area in.
You look at Joe Bryan in the first team, who has come through, that should be the aim for every position on the pitch.
Sending 21 players out on loan is a great way for these players to get first team football because you are never going to become a top class footballer just playing in the Bristol City U23s.
If they want to get into that Bristol City first team, which is on the verge of getting into the Premier League, they need to go out and play men's football on a regular basis.
I don't want to tempt fate but after the performance against QPR I expect City to go to Bolton and get the result.
Bolton are fighting for their lives and they have got the impetus of a few new signings. Lee Johnson has got to deal with Nathan Baker missing, banned for his red card, so it will be interesting to see how he addresses that. But whatever side City put out they should have enough to win.
BEIJING (China), Feb 15 (APP): China's second aircraft carrier is scheduled to be launched later this year and is expected to enter the service by 2020.
This was stated by Xu Guangyu, a retired Chinese military officer and consultant to the China Arms Control and Disarmament Assn in an interview with Beijing Media Network here on Wednesday.
China's first home-made aircraft carrier, designed to be a base for fighter jets and helicopters, is now near completion. The aircraft carrier is the first of the Type 001A class, and represents an important step in advancing China's naval power.
“The aircraft carrier is being built as planned. Most of its major construction and design work has been completed. Its hull has already been assembled in a shipyard. The ship will soon be equipped with aviation, radar and other facilities,” said Chinese Defense Ministry Spokesperson Wu Qian.
Yin Zhuo, a Chinese naval expert, also confirmed in a CCTV interview that China's first home-made aircraft carrier is expected to be launched in water in early 2017.
There is still a large amount of work to do at the carrier's outfitting stage after its launching. It will take about one to two years to carry out functional debugging for its devices as well as weapons and equipment.
The new aircraft carrier could begin its sea trial by early 2019, Xu said.
Xu also mentioned in the interview that Chinese carrier pilots are also under training, with an expectation of forming two aviation units.
The central bank considered a rising Australian dollar and household credit growth as it decided in August to keep interet rates on hold at 1.5 per cent.
A high Australian dollar, rising housing debt and slow income growth were among the reasons the Reserve Bank of Australia decided to leave the cash rate unchanged at its last meeting.
The RBA board noted the Australian dollar had risen to levels not seen since 2015 and that a further appreciation of the exchange rate would likely lead to lower than forecast inflation and economic activity than currently forecast, minutes from the central bank's August meeting show.
The board also noted house prices continue to grow strongly in Sydney and Melbourne and although growth in lending to investors had eased, overall housing credit growth had continued to outpace the slow growth in household incomes.
Following the 1130 AEST release the Australian dollar has lifted, rising as high as 78.77 US cents, and was trading at 78.73 US cents at 1147 AEST, up from 78.69 US cents at Monday's close.
MESA, Ariz. -- Chicago Cubs manager Joe Maddon took the entire offseason -- short though it was -- to construct his message for 2017. The defending world champions return a strong group of young players, but Maddon wouldn't be Maddon without some key words and phrases to lean on.
“I want to focus on the word ‘uncomfortable,'” Maddon said Tuesday on Day 1 of spring training. “I want to focus on the word ‘authenticity' and ‘don't forget the heartbeat.'
“If you become a comfortable person, it subtracts growth from the equation. If you remain somewhat uncomfortable, you'll continue to grow.
“If you are in fact an authentic person, you are able to repeat what you've done in the past naturally. It's just who you are. There is nothing contrived with someone that's authentic.”
"Don't forget the heartbeat" stems from the now-famous meeting Cubs players held during a rain delay in the 10th inning of Game 7 of the World Series. The Cubs feel that moment led them to victory when play resumed. Maddon's point is that the human element is still vital in baseball.
“We came back and regrouped because our guys got together in a room void of any kind of statistical, video, analytical information,” Maddon said. “They went in there as human beings and came out unified. I don't want us to forget the heartbeat -- ever. It's a daily effort to balance. To balance the old-school and new-school methods and make it into the school of what's happening now.”
"It's a daily effort to balance," manager Joe Maddon said of his approach with his Cubs. "To balance the old-school and new-school methods and make it into the school of what's happening now." Rich Pilling/Getty Images
Maddon's sayings have been a boon for Chicago-area charities, as he has printed some of his slogans on T-shirts and sold them the past couple seasons. Last season's "Try Not To Suck" was a popular item, and the manager promises a new crop, beginning with "That's Cub." It's a saying that originated in the lower level of the minors, even before Maddon's arrival, when the team's current stars were just beginning their careers.
“The players were starting to realize how good they were,” team president Theo Epstein said. “Great morale was starting to take hold in the minor league system, and when a player would make a great play or back up a base or do something really positive for a teammate, the other players would say, ‘That's Cub right there.' It stood out because for a century it had a different connotation. It really took hold in the minor leagues.”
The lone concern around the team right now is the short offseason. The front office took note that the Cubs played late into October in 2015, then won Game 7 of the World Series in November the following year. The World Baseball Classic has moved up spring training by about a week this year, so the team is focused on easing into spring training, particularly for its pitchers.
"Rest is the key word," Maddon said. "That's been a big topic of our conversation."
The Cubs skipper is a master of psychological manipulation to get the most out of his players, and this spring will be no different. Although the Cubs have won the World Series, he has no plan to change his ways, promising new slogans and fun, off-the-field activities. One is coming Friday, the first day of full-squad workouts, though Maddon wouldn't say what it is. Right now he's focusing on a new journey -- and new catchphrases -- with a slightly different team after the Cubs said goodbye to veterans including Aroldis Chapman and Travis Wood.
“You're never going to do it in the same manner,” Maddon said. “It's always going to be different, but the approach is the same.”
Update 9:23 p.m.
Firefighters remain at the scene of the three-alarm fire at 105 East Street fire Friday night as spot fires continue to erupt, Deputy Chief David Beauregard said.
Chicopee fire personnel arrived at the scene of the fire at about 4:20 p.m. to find heavy smoke coming from the roof area of the house. Beauregard said when he arrived at the fire just minutes later he saw flames showing in the attic area.
Every usable piece of fire apparatus was pressed into service by the time the day ended. Fire units from Holyoke, Springfield and Westover also contributed to the fight.
Beauregard said no one, citizen or firefighter, was transported from the scene with injuries, and he said he does not know if the building of inhabited when the fire started.
Chicopee Fire department fire investigators and State Police attached to the state Fire Marshal's Office are investigating the cause of the blaze.
Updates a story posted Friday, Feb. 2, 2018 at 5:02 p.m.
CHICOPEE -- Firefighters battled intense flames, bitter cold and slippery surfaces Friday afternoon as they tried to knock down a fire that ravaged a large Victorian home and antiques shop at 105 East St.
Authorities said the first alarms came from the T&L Antique shop at approximately 4 p.m. Police spokesman officer Michael Wilk said the fire department requested traffic control from police at about 4:30 p.m. once the size of the fire became obvious.
Fire crews had streams of water directed from three sides of the house, and spray from the nozzles created a fine, crystalline-appearing ice on all surfaces.
But the ice also made walking surfaces around the house treacherous to negotiate. Several firefighters found themselves sliding and falling.
Fire officials were unavailable for comment as the fire was being fought. As of 8 p.m., there was no word from officials on injuries or the full scope of damage to the structure.
Replay of live video of the fire at the MassLive Facebook page >>
This is a developing story that will be updated
Salim Ahmed
Provincial Minister for Higher Education Syed Raza Ali Gillani said on Saturday that freedom was the inalienable right of every human-being on earth and Kashmiris were sure to win freedom.
Addressing an impressive ceremony in connection with the Kashmir Solidarity Day here at Aiwan e Iqbal, he said that India would have to change its approach towards Kashmir and its people and stop atrocities being committed against them who were seeking nothing but freedom.
The Kashmir Solidarity Day ceremony was held by Unique Group of Institutions in collaboration with the Punjab Higher Education Department and was attended by a large number of students and teachers from different schools and colleges of the provincial metropolis.
The Education Minister said that Kashmir was an integral part of Pakistan and diplomatic support would be provided to the Kashmiris to win freedom from the despotic yoke of India. He said Pakistan's armed forces had pushed the Indian army to the wall in the Kargil war, adding that India must cease its cowardly acts of oppression.
Speaking on the occasion, Mushaal Malik, who is wife of Kashmiri freedom fighter Yasin Malik, said youth had always brought about revolutions through their movements, adding that Kashmiri youth would be successful in introducing a revolution in the Indian-occupied Kashmir through their sacrifices.
Talking to young boys and girls at the ceremony, she said that Burhan Wani was of your age and he had exposed Indian atrocities, adding that his act had laid bare the mentality of the Indians to the whole world.
Mushaal said the fifth generation in Indian held Kashmir was at war with the Hindu government in New Delhi, and expressed the hope that Kashmir would soon be freed. She said that India would never succeed in its nefarious designs.
She urged Pakistani youth to continue to support Kashmir cause, adding that Kashmiris demand reaffirmation of love from the Pakistani youth beyond the Kashmir Solidarity day. She said the ceremony had set a benchmark for other institutions and governments to celebrate the day.
MNA Kiran Dar also urged the international community to support Kashmir cause, adding British Labour Party had included Kashmir in their manifesto and day was not far away when all countries would follow the suit. Poets Amjad Islam Amjad and Rehman Faris, who is Additional Commissioner Income Tax, presented their poetry on Kashmir and won hearts of the audience.
Two "dangerous" offenders have been jailed for the manslaughter of a man who was knifed to death following a row over a television at a flat in Halifax.
Former stonemason and builder Darren Moorhouse, 49, had been visiting his friend at her home in Athol Close, Ovenden, in January when her ex-partner Christopher Churchill turned up to collect his belongings.
Dale Dwyer, bottom left and Christopher Churchill, centre have been jailed for the death of Darren Moorhouse, right
A murder trial jury heard how Mr Moorhouse intervened in a fight between the former couple, but he ended up being stabbed in the heart by Churchill's friend Dale Dwyer as the violence spilled out in the entrance area of the flats.
Dwyer, 26, of Alma Street, Buxton, and 34-year-old Churchill, formerly of Athol Close, were both found not guilty of murder following a two-week retrial at Bradford Crown Court, but the jury convicted them on the alternative charge of manslaughter.
Dwyer, who had taken the knife off his friend Churchill during the disturbance, claimed that he had lashed out in self defence when he was under attack from Mr Moorhouse.
After the jury returned their guilty verdicts it was revealed that both Dwyer and Churchill had been assessed as "dangerous" offenders in relation to previous crimes.
Dwyer was sent to a young offenders institution for four years in 2006 for raping two young girls while Churchill was jailed for five years in 2008 for offences of robbery and inflicting grievous bodily harm.
The court heard that Dwyer had also attacked a former partner holding a machete to her neck.
The Recorder of Bradford Judge Jonathan Durham Hall QC jailed Dwyer for 15 years with an extended licence period of five years.
Churchill, who had kicked Mr Moorhouse in the head as he lay dying after the stabbing, was sent to prison for 16 years with a five-year licence extension.
Before the pair were sentenced victim impact statements provided by Mr Moorhouse's mother Jean and his sister Malinda were read out to the judge.
In her statement his mother described how her son meant the world to her and she missed his cheeky smile.
"I am so sad that I will never see Darren again," she said.
"He can never share a Christmas or a birthday again with all the family around the table together.
"I will never get over the manner in which he died. He was a kind person, too soft for his own good.
"Some people took advantage of this but he was a kind person always putting others before himself.
"Darren's life was cruelly taken away. All he wanted to do was help others which he was doing that day but he should never have paid for it with his life.
"If I could bring him back tomorrow, I would. I miss him so much. He's in my heart forever."
His sister Malinda said her brother's life was taken just before his 50th birthday.
"It meant that we had to celebrate this without him. Instead of giving him cards and presents we laid flowers in a graveyard," she said.
"Our family has been destroyed and Darren's death has touched so many lives. I have watched my mum's heart break. I have watched his young nephews and nieces cry endless tears while trying to make sense of this devastation.
"I have watched his young son place flowers on his daddy's grave and not understand why.
"Darren was funny and charismatic. His death has left a void in our family that can never be replaced. Darren's death has left me heartbroken and defeated and I am unsure I will ever recover."
The extended sentences for Dwyer and Churchill mean even after serving two-thirds of their prison terms they will only be released if it thought safe to do so.
Senior Investigating Officer, Detective Superintendent Pat Twiggs said after the case: “We're pleased with the verdict today and hope the family of Darren Moorhouse can take some comfort from this sentence.
“Darren was a gentleman who died defending a friend from an attack following an argument over property with assailants armed with a knife.
“The argument did not involve Darren and he acted as a good Samaritan to defend a vulnerable person.
“His death was completely unnecessary and demonstrates the perils of people arming themselves with knives to settle grievances.
“I'd also like to pay tribute to the very dignified way in which Darren's family have acted throughout the trial.
“No family should be put through such an ordeal and hear how their loved one died in such tragic circumstances.”
The family of Darren Moorhouse issued this statement following the sentencing.
"Today two men were found guilty of the death of our beloved Darren.
"Since the 18th January 2017, our family has been destroyed and our hearts broken. Although both perpetrators have been found guilty, no amount of justice can bring comfort to our family or bring Darren back.
"Darren was a man who loved life and was deeply loved by his family. He will be forever missed by his mother, sister, brother, nieces, nephews and cousins.
"He was a kind, funny and loyal man always there to lend a hand or do a kind deed.
"He was killed in the prime of his life, just before his 50th birthday. It was a birthday celebration done by a graveside and the pain was unbearably hard.
"We would like to thank the West Yorkshire Police team for their thorough investigation and in particular our liaison officer DC Lorna Ratcliffe.
"Rest in peace Darren and god bless."
Get money updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Vodafone has been rated Britain's worst mobile phone provider for the seventh consecutive year in a customer satisfaction report.
EE and Virgin Mobile are next on the unhappy list, while smaller providers, such as Utility Warehouse and Giffgaff, came up top for service and value for money.
The annual Which? report asked 3,683 members of the public how they would rank their provider for value and service.
(Image: AFP)
It found that the UK's biggest firms - Vodafone, EE, O2 and Three - ranged from average to disappointing according to their customers, despite supplying an overwhelming majority of the market.
That's on top of them all increasing prices this month , in an inflation-linked hike that saw bills leap by as much as 4.1%.
Vodafone had the worst overall customer satisfaction score (49%), with one in six customers telling Which? they would not recommend it to a friend or family member.
One in seven Vodafone customers also said they had received an unexpectedly expensive or incorrect bill.
It comes eight months after the firm added an extra £1 to one million bills - in a 'free security trial' that would renew automatically if not cancelled.
The figures also come two years after the firm was fined £4.6 million for two investigations that found it was mishandling customer complaints and failed to credit more than 10,452 pay-as-you-go customers who topped up their accounts.
Mobile networks rated Source: Which?
Elsewhere, EE finished second from last, having shared the lowest ranking with Vodafone last year.
One in seven EE customers surveyed pay more than £50 a month for their contract, making the network's low score for value for money unsurprising.
Nearly one in five EE customers said they find their monthly bill too expensive.
(Image: Getty)
O2 outperformed Vodafone and EE, but was still a long way behind the most highly rated providers.
Customers' top complaint was receiving unwanted and annoying marketing communications.
Not all customers were put off though, as over half appreciated the incentives and rewards offered by O2, such as its free priority service.
(Image: This content is subject to copyright.)
The highest-ranking of the big four providers, Three, scored well for value for money but three in 10 customers said they had experienced very poor signal, and a third of those who had left Three in the last two years had done so to seek better network coverage from another provider.
However, 86% of customers would still recommend Three to a friend or family member.
Utility Warehouse topped the table this year, beating its rival Giffgaff for the first time.
Nine in 10 customers surveyed said they would recommend Utility Warehouse to a friend.
Customers rated its value for money as good or excellent - on the £10-a-month tariff, its customers get more minutes and three times more data than people on Vodafone's 30-day sim plan costing £13.
Alex Neill, at Which? said: "The biggest providers are lagging behind smaller rivals who are doing a better job of giving customers what they want in terms of service and value for money. Customers who are fed up should look to switch provider as soon as they can.
"New reforms will soon mean that mobile customers will be able to switch provider by text message, which we hope will make it quicker and easier for customers to seek a better deal."
Help! I'm getting a poor service
When you sign up for a deal, you expect it to be a pretty straightforward process, ie you receive a service, and subsequently pay for it.
However, as the statistics above suggest, this is often not the case, with many customers receiving a poor deal that's not entirely benefiting them.
If you're in that position, there are a few steps you can take to address it.
Yahoo eSports winding down after Verizon acquisition Updates will stop June 16 as Yahoo Sports absorbed by Verizon subsidiary Oath
This is News In Brief article. Read more about this story by following the link below:
esports.yahoo.com
Senator Dino Melaye escaped an assassination attempt on his life early, Saturday, April 15. According to the report, Senator Melaye was attacked in his residence at Ayetoro-Gbede, Ijumu local government area of Kogi state. After the rain of bullet that lasted over one hour, two of the vehicles parked within the premises were damaged, while part of the building was also destroyed. Speaking to journalists after the incident, Melaye said the assailants came in some minutes after 12 midnight and started shooting indiscriminately into his building.
According to him, the hoodlums shot at intervals with little break for more than one hour where two vehicles, a security van and caravan bus were destroyed. The senator however accused chairman of the local government, Taofiq Isa, of masterminding the attack because of his criticism of the state government.
His words:
“I got a rousy welcome from Kabba to my home town yesterday (Friday) and I know it angered the powers that be in the state which mobilised for this assassination attempt on my life. “At about midnight we started hearing gunshot. They fired more than 200 rounds of bullet into the house. This attempt to kill me will not stop me from speaking the truth. “If I speak the truth I will die, if I lie I will die. Me, I've decided to speak the truth and die. I'm not afraid of death. I only respect men I don't fear them. “This attempt is being championed by the chairman of my local government. He had said it many times that he will do everything to stop me from coming home. Beside, those assailants when leaving were chanting ‘We will know if it's Taofiq that owns the land or you. “I am championing an administrative course. I will continue to speak and be voice to the voiceless. I'm not deterred, I remain resolute to make Kogi better. Noting will stop me from coming home.”
Melaye also said accused the police in the area of conspiracy, alleging that they failed to come to his house until three hours after the assailants had left despite their station being a stone thrown from his house. “The DPO did not come to my house until three hours later. Even the area command in Kabba was not notified until I called the CP. I suspect a satanic collabo between Taofiq and the police in Aiyetoro because the duo had a meeting two days ago. “Only God will protect us in this country but definitely not the police,” he added.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Alfie Evans' parents are appealing against a High Court decision preventing the seriously ill tot from being taken abroad for treatment, lawyers for the family confirmed last night.
The case will be heard at the Court of Appeal this afternoon (Wednesday), a spokeswoman for the Christian Legal Centre, representing Alfie's parents, said.
Yesterday, a judge ruled the toddler may be allowed home from Alder Hey Children's Hospital, but will not be allowed to go to Rome for further treatment.
The 23-month-old confounded doctors' expectations when he continued to live after life-support was withdrawn on Monday night, his father, Tom Evans, said.
(Image: PA)
"The court of appeal has reached out to us and said they are going to set back three judges to hear the case," Mr Evans told reporters outside hospital last night.
"In reality, he could be in Italy right now. We all know the military air force are ready to take him and a team of doctors is there.
(Image: Daily Mirror)
"We've also got a German air ambulance team, who attempted to take him in the first place, ready... the reality is these people are eager to get him out of the country and I'm not giving up because Alfie's breathing away, he's not suffering."
(Image: Getty Images Europe)
At an earlier High Court hearing in Manchester, Mr Justice Hayden described Alfie as "courageous" and a "warrior", but said the case had now reached its "final chapter".
He rejected claims by Mr Evans that his son was "significantly better" than first thought because he had been breathing unaided for 20 hours after doctors first withdrew life support.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Instead, the judge said the best Alfie's parents could hope for was to "explore" the options of removing him from intensive care either to a ward, a hospice or his home.
But a doctor treating Alfie, who cannot be named for legal reasons, said that for Alfie to be allowed home would require a "sea change" in attitude from the child's family, and they feared that in the "worst case" they would try to take the boy abroad.
(Image: Internet Unknown)
Mr Justice Hayden ruled out the family's wishes to take the child to the Bambino Gesu hospital in Rome, following interventions from the Pope and the Italian authorities.
Alfie has been at the centre of a life or death treatment battle, with his parents, Mr Evans and Kate James, trying to block doctors from withdrawing life support in a sometimes acrimonious six-month dispute which has seen a series of court battles.
A "last-ditch appeal" in which the Italian ambassador granted Alfie citizenship of Italy in order to take him to Rome for treatment failed on Monday.
And a late night court hearing by telephone by Mr Justice Hayden and lawyers for both sides confirmed his earlier decision permitting life support, helping Alfie to breathe, to be withdrawn.
During another three-hour hearing on Tuesday at the Family Division of the High Court sitting in Manchester, Paul Diamond, from the Christian Legal Centre, suggested the alleged change in the position meant the court should reconsider its decision on allowing Alfie to travel abroad.
He handed the court a witness statement from Mr Evans in which he suggested his son's health was "significantly better" than first thought since life support was withdrawn at 9.17pm on Monday, as he was continuing to live and breathe.
But Mr Justice Hayden said in his ruling: "The sad truth is that it is not.
"With little, indeed no hesitation, I reject that."
(Image: Facebook)
Instead the judge said Alfie's continued life was a "shaft of light" and a "special opportunity" for his parents to spend time with him - not the time for more legal manoeuvres.
And he criticised the "malign hand" of one of the family's advisers, law student Pavel Stroilov, who had, the court heard, been party to Mr Evans lodging a private prosecution of Alder Hey Hospital doctors, allegedly for murder.
The judge said, in fact, the hospital had provided "world class" care for the child.
The hospital's doctors and independent medical experts say there is no cure and no hope for Alfie.
(Image: Facebook)
Following the court hearing, an Alder Hey spokesman said it was working closely with his parents, but the hospital's "top priority therefore remains in ensuring Alfie receives the care he deserves to ensure his comfort, dignity and privacy are maintained throughout".
Medics say Alfie has a degenerative neurological condition destroying his brain, and it is in his best interests to withdraw life support.
But his parents have fought a long battle to ask the courts to allow them to take him abroad.
The dispute ended up in the courts, but the family have already lost a series of appeals in the High Court, Court of Appeal, Supreme Court and European Court of Human Rights.
Alfie was born on May 9 2016, but suffered seizures and was taken to hospital in December that year.
He is currently being hydrated and given oxygen to stop him becoming distressed, Mr Justice Hayden was told.
If you immediately considered making your own totem after watching Leonardo DiCaprio in Inception, then NBC's newest sci-fi drama is definitely for you. Reverie, which premieres on May 30, is all about a (fictional) program that allows people to stay suspended in their own dreams, living out their greatest fantasies. But is such technology really possible? Is Reverie real? Well, not exactly in the way that it happens on the show, but that doesn't mean scientists aren't already working on ways to harness the power of REM for more than just a good night's sleep.
According to the official synopsis of Reverie, some of the users find their carefully crafted and VR-induced dreams preferable to being awake, and are unable to come out of their trance. Enter Mara Kint (played by Sarah Shahi), a former hostage negotiator that gets hired to jump into people's dreams, Cobb-style, and pull them back into reality. How close is this to becoming a reality? In times when it's tough to separate Black Mirror from real life, how close is technology to being able to manipulate our dreams?
In a July 29, 2010 Forbes article titled "The Science of Inception," published just after the movie came out, scientist John Gallant of UC Berkeley explains that his area of research centers around using fMRI technology to replicate images from people's minds. Currently, though, this is limited to people's waking thoughts, as dream thoughts are too hard to verify with any real accuracy.
TV Promos on YouTube
And as for planting thoughts in other people's brains? That's also a long way off, if not out of the question. Gallant explained to Forbes:
"You have to have a way to manipulate specific neurons and synapses in specific ways — and that's really difficult and not going to happen anytime soon. I think it's legitimate for some people to have some concerns about brain-reading technology being used for bad things, but nobody has to be worried about one of those bad things being writing stuff to the brain."
If you really want to control your dreams, Reverie-style, your best bet at the moment is to look into lucid dreaming. Lucid dreaming refers to the concept of being aware that you're dreaming while you're still dreaming. And in some cases, people are able to elicit control over their dreams while they're happening, doing nifty stuff like fly or try on Belle's signature golden gown from Beauty and the Beast. So how can you lucid dream? Bustle writer Kaitlyn Wilde suggests five tips to train your mind to lucid dream, including powering down all technology at the end of the day and checking in with yourself about what it is you really want to see and do in your active dream state. If those tricks still aren't enough, here are seven books on lucid dreaming to help you become an expert on controlling your subconscious.
Like in Reverie, there are supposedly ways to induce lucid dreaming with chemicals, but it doesn't come all that highly recommended. Abigail Moss, who writes for Vice's Motherboard column, explained that she tried the lucid dreaming supplement called Dream Leaf, but wound up with mixed success. While she did manage to achieve a lucid dream, psychologist Ian Wallace told her it may have just been due to the placebo effect, and warned that there aren't really any shortcuts when it comes to lucid dreaming. Supplements might actually make it harder or impossible to reach lucid dreams naturally.
Sergei Bachlakov/NBC
Ok, so there actually is a sleep-related company called Reverie, but rather than infiltrating people's subconscious with electricity and chemical IVs, they're into slightly more traditional sleep tech: bed design. Brandon Berman, a sleep research expert at the company, actually talked to Bustle in 2016 about how you can control the quality of your sleep merely by adjusting your sleeping position. Berman told Bustle that proper sleeping position can help with everything from spinal alignment to preventing wrinkles. Best of all? No highly-trained hostage negotiator necessary; just a regular old alarm clock should be enough to bring you back to the land of the waking.
Now Playing This Is Us Cast Shares Photos From Final Days of Filming Season 1
That's a wrap on This Is Us Season 1, and since we've been trained like Pavlov's dog to respond to any news regarding this show with tears, it's time to get emotional.
Milo Ventimiglia hopped on Twitter early Tuesday morning with the slate from the last scene and last shot to be filmed on Season 1 of the NBC drama. He posted a quick video of the announcement, sporting a freshly shaven face and floppy hair -- clueing us in that the final episode might showcase a pre-Rebecca (Mandy Moore) Jack.
Season 1 wrapped #ThisIsUs. Can't wait for y'all to see what we have at the end here. MV pic.twitter.com/Q8dBTzgiKv — Milo Ventimiglia (@MiloVentimiglia) February 14, 2017
Series creator Dan Fogelman also chimed in to congratulate the cast and crew on completing a great Season 1 (and told fans to emotionally buckle up for the last four episodes).
This Is Us finale pushed back a week for Trump speech
That's a wrap on season 1! Thank you to our special cast and crew. Can't wait to watch you all make drunken mistakes at wrap party #ThisIsUs — Dan Fogelman (@Dan_Fogelman) February 14, 2017
Last 4 episodes are very special. I'm not a cryer but tonight is 1st episode I openly wept in edit bay. And next week? Oh god. #ThisIsUs — Dan Fogelman (@Dan_Fogelman) February 14, 2017
It may be the end of Season 1 for the cast and crew, but as Fogelman says, there are still four more episodes left this season. Also, the show has already been renewed for two more seasons, meaning there's still plenty of Pearson family drama for us to enjoy (and cry over). Check out our video at the top for the rest of the cast's reaction to wrapping their first season.
This Is Us airs Tuesdays at 9/8c on NBC.
Friendly Fire
Khalid Saleem
RECENT and the not so recent events in the Middle East and our region are so confusing that it leaves one in a daze. It is never easy to unravel what goes on in the minds of the powers that be. It becomes even more complicated when one comes face to face with a nascent imperial power. Empires are not born nor are they hatched out of eggs. They rather evolve over time, not pop out of the bottle like a genie. Given the money and fire power of modern technology, it may be possible to capsule the evolution stage to some extent, as the world has seen to its horror over the past few years.
Emergence of an ‘empire' is one thing; maintaining it quite another. As an erstwhile imperial power, Britain did rather well for itself. In maintaining the British Empire, perhaps the most outstanding feature of imperial tactics was that of “divide and rule”. The name of the game was to size up the opposition and then to engineer fissures in its ranks to weaken it. While the fragmented opposition was up to its neck in internecine quarrels, the imperial power went about its dirty business with comparative ease, unchallenged and uninterrupted. The secret of success was the colonial masters' strategy of aligning themselves with one or more factions while encouraging them to undermine those that could have been their natural local allies. With the opposition thus at sixes and sevens, they (the Imperialists) could devote all their energies to whatever it is that the imperialists set themselves to do.
As part of the political games that they played in abandon, the British colonialists had specialized in using religious and ethnic divides among their subjects to further their own ends. When they felt threatened by a populace belonging to a certain religious denomination, they used all tactics to widen schisms within the latter's ranks. They, at times, even went to the extent of engineering brand-new sects to further sub-divide the already fissured society. One finds that Muslims were singled out for the third degree during the apex of the colonial era. There is a lesson to be learnt from all this.
This subject has become relevant once again because, according to the best-informed analysts, brand new ‘Virtual Empires' are in an advanced stage of evolution. As an awe-struck world looks on in dismay, the world's sole superpower (aided and abetted by its minions) appears to have set its mind on this. There is precious little the small fries at the receiving end can do except to grin and bear it. Though the powers that be – and their Think Tanks no doubt – must surely have worked hard at developing a brand new imperial concept to adapt to the demands of the twenty-first century, in many ways the planners appear to be harking back to age-old strategy and tactics.
As any novice at the game should know, nothing can be more calamitous than plunging into a project and then discovering that the several loose ends, that should have been tied up betimes, are dangling in the air or have suddenly turned into festering sores. Considering that they had experienced British ‘advisers' at their beck and call, the godfathers and ultimate planners of the ‘virtual empires' aforementioned do appear to have encountered teething problems of a certain magnitude. From all appearance, it would seem that they have stepped into a mire of sorts, extricating themselves out of which appears to be presenting unanticipated difficulties.
A dispassionate look at the whole jolly circus would indicate that, in their new venture, the new Empire-builders did take British advice to heart at least in so far as the tactic of “divide and rule” is concerned. This tactic was applied, for instance, with varying success in Iraq. The strategy was to play off the Iraqi Muslims belonging to one sect against the Muslims of the other. The Iraqi of the one sect were used in an attempt to overcome the resistance of the other. In the past, the not inconsiderable Iraqi nationalism had proved strong enough to bridge this sectarian schism within their ranks. This was apparently successfully overcome thanks to what can only be described as dubious tactics.
Similar tactics were used in Afghanistan where the ethnic card was played to devastating effect. It may be recalled that the ethnic cleavage between the majority Pakhtuns and the minority Tajiks, Uzbecks and Hazaras had initially been exploited ruthlessly by the Soviet occupiers during the nineteen eighties. The Soviets had sided with the minority ethnic groups in order to isolate the Pakhtuns. Post nine/eleven, the Americans opted for the strategy of extenuating the ethnic divide by siding with the essentially anti-Pakhtun Northern Alliance against the mainly Pakhtun Taliban. It remains to be seen as to how long will this precarious perch sustain them. As history is witness, Afghanistan has never been an easy country to govern from a central authority in Kabul. Real power has always been with the warlords around the countryside. This situation was transformed for a short period during the rule of the Taliban, when Afghanistan briefly exhibited a semblance of a unitary state entity. Now the situation is back to the proverbial ‘square one'.
The world is in for very turbulent and somewhat uncertain times. Here, in the Land of the Pure, our once much-vaunted strategic geopolitical situation is fast becoming a millstone around the nation's collective neck Meanwhile, all right-thinking people are hoping and praying that the mother ship does not drift into choppy and uncharted waters! The time has apparently come to brace ourselves and at the same time to separate the grain from the chaff. Those that make hay while the (nascent imperial) sun shines had better take a second look at the world around them which may collapse any minute. And let us not forget that when empires – even virtual ones – collapse, they invariably take their quislings down with them.
— The writer is a former ambassador and former assistant secretary general of OIC.
Email: binwakeel@yahoo.com
NATIONAL
Secretary of State Rex Tillerson (Yonhap)
The United States congratulated South Korea Monday ahead of an anniversary of the Asian ally's independence from Japanese colonial rule.Secretary of State Rex Tillerson issued a congratulatory message to mark Liberation Day, Aug. 15, the day Korea won independence from Japan's 1910-45 colonization."We reaffirm the ironclad alliance between the United States and the Republic of Korea and honor our strong and historic people-to-people ties," he said. "This holiday also marks the bond our nations share in our support for democratic values, as we stand together to advance peace and security."The US fought alongside South Korea during the 1950-53 Korean War."We look forward to the continued alliance between our nations as we move forward. I send our best wishes to the people of the Republic of Korea as you celebrate this occasion," Tillerson said.He also congratulated the Korean people on the election of President Moon Jae-in in May. (Yonhap)
LAHORE, Jul 04 (APP):Former Pakistan Super League Champion Peshawar Zalmi, has received another great honor for being the most valuable brand in the third edition of Pakistan Super League.
“It is a big achievement for us that Zalmi has been declared the most valuable brand of the PSL for the second successive year by the American company Nielsen “, said a spokesman of Peshawar Zalmi here on Wednesday.
In addition to this, they also declared Haier as the most impressive shirt logo, along with all Zalmi-related sponsors for the second time as well.
Nielsen, gave Peshawar Zalmi the honor by carefully assessing the brand for its superb branding, media and social media campaigns. If we fast-rewind to last year, Nielsen had declared the former champs of PSL number one last year as well, he added.
According to Nielsen, Peshawar Zalmi has performed exceptionally well on all metrics related to brand value on media and social media and this has led Peshawar Zalmi to become the best franchise of Pakistan Super League for the second time in a row.
“Nielsen also mentioned that Peshawar Zalmi Fans are the highest in number as compared to other PSL franchises”, he asserted.
Javed Afridi, chairman of Peshawar Zalmi and Zalmi Foundation, said that the Peshawar Zalmi team thanks the players and all the fans, for being a part of our journey on becoming the best franchise. He expressed his determination that the ‘ Bring Back Smiles' project will be achieved through cricket in KP Pakistan, and we will also extend beyond cricket through other activities in this region.
He said that his wish is that in the fourth season of PSL, Peshawar Zalmi plays a few matches in Peshawar, which is their home ground and the fans get to witness their heroes live in front of their eyes.
The Eagle Room, steps away from the mayor's office inside Boston City Hall, has served as the place for a variety of press conferences, as well as the late Mayor Thomas Menino's war room on election nights.
Ahead of Sunday's Super Bowl Game in which the New England Patriots face off against the Philadelphia Eagles, City Hall aides did a little redecorating.
"It was the Eagle Room," Mayor Marty Walsh said at a press conference on public safety measures city officials are taking to prepare for the game. "It's now the Belichick Room."
At the end of the press conference, Walsh aides pulled back black curtains to reveal the eagle sculpture that sits in a small alcove wrapped in Patriots gear.
Walsh, a longtime fan of the Patriots, said the eagle also backs the Patriots.
The carved pine eagle is a replica of one made in 1865. The original was destroyed in the hurricane of 1938, according to a plate on the wall next to sculpture.
Super Bowl 2018: When's the New England Patriots parade? 'Next question,' Boston Mayor Marty Walsh says
On Wednesday, Feb. 15, as we celebrate Jaromir Jagr's 45th birthday, we are going to great lengths to honor the man, the myth and the mullet. When he broke into the league with the Pittsburgh Penguins in 1990-91, the kid from Kladno had tremendous talents, sick skills and luscious locks. And even as he toils all these years later for the Florida Panthers -- his eighth NHL team -- there's no denying his influence on generations of hockey players around the world.
Which got us wondering: What would the sports world look like if his reach had extended beyond the frozen fields? What would key athletes look like after getting Jagr bombed -- getting their very own mullet makeover?
Behold the answer: You're welcome.
Russell Westbrook
Tim Tebow
Auston Matthews
Cristiano Ronaldo
Von Miller
Lionel Messi
Connor McDavid
LeBron James
Bryce Harper
Geno Auriemma
Tom Brady
Odell Beckham Jr.
Roger Federer
Phil Mickelson
Nick Saban
Steve Spurrier
Jim Harbaugh
Paul Finebaum
Joe Maddon
NOWSHERA, Jul 03 (APP):Former KP Chief Minister and PTI leader Pervez Khattak claimed that the PTI would sweep the upcoming polls with majority across the country and will form the government in the centre and the
provinces.
Addressing various election rallies here in his constituency,
he claimed that the PTI has emerged as the largest party in the country and Imran
Khan's struggle and efforts since launching of the party in mid nineties, were
about to bear the fruit.
‘Awami Raaj' would be established under the leadership of
Imran in the wake of July 2018 election, he claimed no other party could
compete with the PTI. He claimed the PTI government in the KP initiated historic
reforms which had no precedence in the past.
The PTI opponents were certain of their defeat in
the polls that are why they were spreading malicious propaganda against the PTI
leadership on social media.
he claimed, the era of PMLN has ended and PTI government
would bring the looted money back to the country and would spend it on the
welfare of the people.
The PPP, he claimed miserably failed to deliver in Sindh and was
on its way out from the province in July 2018. The miseries of the people of Sindh
have been increased manifold instead of addressing it. The Nawaz-Zardari duo
has ruined the national economy and today the prices of petroleum products were
touching the highest level.
Only Imran Khan could steer the country out of the present
mess, therefore the people should vote for him in the elections, he claimed. The country
required clean and honest leadership to put it on the track of development and
prosperity.
South Lincs rivals Moulton Harrox and Pinchbeck United can put the pressure on Peterborough Premier Division leaders Peterborough Sports Reserves tonight (April 18).
Second-placed Moulton Harrox host Thorney and fourth-placed Pinchbeck entertain bottom club Crowland and wins for both would move them to within a point of Sports.
Deeping Rangers manager Michael Goode leads his side in a county cup final on Wednesday (April 19).
Sports have a tough game tomorrow (April 19) when they travel to third-placed Netherton United.
Deeping Rangers are in Lincs Senior Trophy Final action at Lincoln City's Sincil Bank headquarters tomorrow. They tackle Cleethorpes.
The PFA Junior Cup Final between Division Three title rivals FC Peterborough and Bretton North End takes place at In2itive Park, Yaxley tomorrow.
FIXTURES
Tuesday, April 18
CHROMASPORT PETERBOROUGH AND DISTRICT LEAGUE
Premier Division
Holbeach United Reserves v Stamford Lions (7.45pm)
Moulton Harrox v Thorney (6.30pm)
Pinchbeck United v Crowland (6.30pm)
Division Two
Whittlesey Athletic A v AFC Stanground Sports Reserves
Wednesday, April 19
LINCS SENIOR TROPHY FINAL
Cleethorpes Town v Deeping Rangers (Sincil Bank, 7.45pm).
PFA JUNIOR CUP FINAL
FC Peterborough v Bretton North End (Yaxley FC, 7.30pm).
CHROMASPORT PETERBOROUGH AND DISTRICT LEAGUE
Premier Division
Langoft United v Deeping Rangers Reserves (6.30pm)
Netherton United v Peterborough Sports Reserves (7.45pm)
Division One
Oakham United Reserves v Warboys Town (7.30pm).
Division Three
AFC Stanground Sports A v Eye United (6.30pm).
Youths of today should be moulded to behave honestly right from school. I believe schools have to teach values because somewhere along the line, if we don't, our society is going to get worse than it is. Today, when corruption is like an ulcer in the stomach of India's economy, students need to imitate teachers who are effortlessly honest, trusting, fair, respectful, and responsible in their actions. Teachers who demonstrate integrity are accountable for providing academic programmes of quality and positive educational experiences. Teachers have to display honesty by telling the truth and acting in an honorable way. As a role model for students, teachers have to accept the moral obligation to be honest, regardless of the situation. Sensitising school students on the issue of corruption will help to deepen their knowledge about the threats of corruption as it will change their attitudes and the level of tolerance for corruption in their own environment. Further, youths will learn how to recognize situations that lead to corruption in everyday life. Like learning a sports skill through sustained practice, morally appropriate actions become natural and consistent. Honesty serves as a prerequisite to trust, fairness, respect, and responsibility.
VINOD C DIXIT
Ahmedabad, India
Related
Community Unitarian Church has been flying a rainbow flag on a pole attached to its sign along Parker Road in Plano.
On Easter, the flag was stolen and replaced with an American flag and a note that read, “I didn't agree with your flag. So I took it down. If you don't agree with this one, you can take it down. P.S. There are only two genders.”
Yes, because if I don't agree with you, I have a right to go on your property and steal something from you, as long as I replace it with something I prefer.
Church members are too concerned with the theft and will replace the Pride flag that will fly side by side with the American flag, according to the Rev. Patrick Price.
On the church's Facebook page, Mark Thompson, obviously not a fan of the church, wrote, “These planted publicity stunts are really getting old….but I guess they still work. Nice one!”
But others reacted more optimistically. Rafael Jose Torres wrote, “Can't wait to see the two flags side by side.”
Plano police are looking into the incident.
Comments (powered by FaceBook)
You need to login to view this content. Please Login . Not a Member? Join Us
National Zero Waste Council says consumers are confused about what best-before
A national study says confusing and unnecessary best-before labels are a major cause of food waste in Canada.
The National Zero Waste Council says consumers are confused about what best-before labels actually mean.
It says most dates that appear on products refer only to peak quality and have little to do with whether the food is healthy to eat.
Research has found that almost 400 kilograms of food per person are lost or wasted in Canada every year — one of the highest totals in the world.
The council says consumers are responsible for almost half that waste.
The Canadian Press
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter.
The food shop: it's hardly the most interesting of weekly tasks, but it's an important one.
Whether we prefer high-end supermarkets or the lure of cheap bargains at discount chains, we all spend a few hours each week stocking up on those fridge essentials and pantry staples. Although we might like to support our local businesses, the convenience and sheer range of stock on sale at supermarkets makes their lure irresistible for most of us.
You can get almost everything you need from the supermarket, whether you're after some fresh cuts of meat, ready-made meals or toiletries.
However, consumer saving expert Andrea Woroch has warned there are a few habits we should break immediately if we're looking to save a few quid next time we're filling our trolleys, according to the Birmingham Mail .
Speaking to Mental Floss , Andrea has revealed which items these are - and why we should be sourcing them elsewhere.
1. Spices
The mark-up on supermarket spices is shocking, with Andrea revealing it is often round the 100 per cent mark. To this end, she recommends buying your herbs and spices from a health-food store, ethnic grocery shop or even a local convenience store.
2. Batteries
Andrea describes these as a "classic impulse buy" as batteries are often placed near the till, tempting you into throwing them in with the rest of your shopping.
But there is very little chance you'll be making any savings this way - which you COULD do (by up to 50 per cent) by buying them in bulk elsewhere. A pack of four AA Duracell batteries from Sainsbury's costs £4 or £1 per battery, but you can buy a pack of 12 from Amazon for £6.34 or just 52 per battery.
3. Baby and beauty products
The cost of these products really does mount up, owing to how frequently we use them. However, you can make savings switching to high street chemists or Poundland, as they are much more likely to have special offers on than supermarkets.
Impulse-buying a shower gel or shampoo while doing the food shop could cost you up 30 per cent more. For example, a 300ml bottle of Johnson's baby lotion costs £2.37 at Morrison's but you can get a 200ml bottle with 100ml extra free for £1 a Poundland.
4. Pre-packaged fruit and veg
Sure, it's quick and easy, but buying bagged or packaged fruit and veg could cost you three times as much.
For example, a 400g tub of Sainsbury's Pineapple Pieces costs £1.50, making it 50p more expensive than a whole pineapple, which you can pick up from the store for just £1.00. You can dramatically cut the cost by shopping more locally - and support independent businesses.
5. Pre-packaged meat
The same pretty much applies to meat as it does to fruit and veg.
Andrea explains: "The convenience of buying pre-formed hamburger patties or assembled steak kebabs is going to cost you anywhere from 60 to 300 percent more than buying the meat in its whole form."
She recommends taking the "middle ground" and buying a large hunk of meat and asking your butcher to either cube it or mince it.
Strawberry Ricotta Toast features a strawberry sauce flavored with cardamom, bay leaves, coriander seeds, ginger and thyme. (Photo: Michael Tercha / TNS)
My father loves dessert. My mother baked spice cakes, brownies, pies and cookies daily, so he'd have a homemade treat after dinner and in his brown bag lunch. His first words after surgery? Chocolate ice cream, please. All this means that for his birthday and Father's Day, we pull out the sweet stops.
Fortunately for this cook, Father's Day falls at the height of local strawberry season. True, California, the state that produces more strawberries than any other, boasts them nearly all year long. For the most part, we're content with the large berries from California (and Florida) — especially when sugared and used to top pancakes and waffles or in crisps and cobblers.
Here in the Midwest, local strawberries hit their stride in June appearing at farmers markets like magical flavor variations of an otherwise ubiquitous berry. Act quickly — in my experience, they sell out quickly, so we gather our treasures early in the market day.
Why incur the anxiety and expense of local berries? Pure and simple: flavor. Commercial strawberries are bred to taste and look alike from crop to crop. Local farmers grow different varieties — they tend to be smaller, more aromatic and juicy. We eat them raw, lightly sweetened, lightly cooked, tucked into muffin batter, frozen into sorbets and pureed into smoothies.
I also enjoy these aromatic red berries with savory seasonings such as sweet-tart balsamic vinegar and black pepper. These macerated strawberries make a terrific topping for avocado toast or stirred into warm brown rice with garbanzo beans and fresh chives.
The following strawberry sauce, infused with red wine, thyme and cardamom, tastes as great on ice cream as it does grill pork, duck or chicken. Make a double batch, it keeps a week or more in the frig and can even be frozen.
For a new twist on a strawberry sundae, assemble the dessert on a plate instead of the traditional sundae bowl. Add broken meringue cookies and decorate the plate with confectioners' sugar and cocoa to be oh-so-chef-y.
Get strawberries while you can. Your father will thank you.
Balsamic
and Black Pepper Strawberries
Serve these berries on top of fresh spinach salad with a balsamic vinaigrette and crumbled goat cheese. Or, spoon them onto plain Greek yogurt with some chocolate granola.
2 quarts small strawberries, hulled, thinly sliced, about 6 cups
2 tablespoons sugar
1 tablespoon balsamic vinegar
A couple of grinds of black pepper
Put all ingredients into a bowl. Stir well. Refrigerate for several hours, stirring a few times. The mixture will keep for several days in the refrigerator.
Nutrition information per 1/ 2 cup serving: 54 calories, 0 g fat, 0 g saturated fat, 0 mg cholesterol, 13 g carbohydrates, 10 g sugar, 1 g protein, 2 mg sodium, 2 g fiber
Strawberry
Ricotta Toast
Don't walk away while the bread is in the broiler — it burns easily.
1/ 2 loaf (about 1/ 2 pound) multigrain sourdough bread, sliced 3/ 4 -inch thick
Olive oil
1/ 2 teaspoon coarse salt, or to taste
1 carton (15 ounces) whole milk ricotta cheese
2 to 3 teaspoons very thinly sliced fresh mint leaves
Freshly ground grains of paradise or black pepper
1 cup honey and thyme strawberry sauce, see recipe
Heat broiler. Cut each bread slice on an angle into thirds making triangle-shaped pieces. Place in a single layer on a baking sheet. Brush both sides of each bread piece with olive oil. Sprinkle with salt.
Broil, 4 inches from the heat source, until bread is nicely toasted with crusty edges, about 2 minutes. Turn each bread piece, and return to the broiler to toast the other side, about 2 more minutes.
Put the ricotta into a shallow bowl. Drizzle olive oil over the top. Scatter mint over the oil, and sprinkle with grains of paradise or pepper. Put strawberry sauce into another bowl. Set the toasts around the bowls of ricotta and strawberry sauce. Have guests spread some of the ricotta onto the warm toast and top with the strawberries.
Nutrition information per tablespoon: 295 calories, 13 g fat, 6 g saturated fat, 36 mg cholesterol, 33 g carbohydrates, 13 g sugar, 12 g protein, 449 mg sodium, g fiber
Sunday Sundaes
I like Trader Joe's vanilla meringue cookies here. Other options include shortbread, madeleines or your favorite crisp cookie.
4 vanilla meringue cookies
1/ 2 cup honey and thyme strawberry sauce, see recipe
1/ 2 cup balsamic and black pepper strawberries, see recipe
4 small scoops vanilla ice cream
Lightly sweetened whipped cream
Confectioners' sugar
Unsweetened cocoa, optional
Mint sprigs
Put 2 meringue cookies onto each serving plate. Use the tip of a knife to break the meringues into quarters.
Spoon half of the sauce and strawberries around the meringues on each plate. Top each plate with 2 small scoops of ice cream. Top with a dollop of whipped cream. Sprinkle the plate with confectioners' sugar and cocoa. Add a mint sprig to each and serve right away. Makes 2 servings.
Nutrition information per serving: 459 calories, 20 g fat, 12 g saturated fat, 75 mg cholesterol, 65 g carbohydrates, 59 g sugar, 7 g protein, 130 mg sodium, 3 g fiber
Honey and Thyme Strawberry Sauce
2 quarts (2 pounds) halved small strawberries (quartered if large), about 6 cups
2 thin strips orange peel (orange only, no white pith)
1/ 2 cup sugar
1/ 4 cup each: dry red wine, honey
1 1/ 2 teaspoons fresh lemon juice
1/ 8 teaspoon salt
8 cardamom pods
2 bay leaves
1 teaspoon coriander seeds
1/ 2 inch piece peeled fresh ginger, thinly sliced
1/ 4 teaspoon thyme
Put strawberries, orange peel, sugar, wine, honey, lemon juice and salt into a large 4-quart saucepan. (Use a deep pot to prevent boil-overs.) Put cardamom, bay leaves, coriander seeds, ginger and thyme into a tea ball infuser (or wrap in a double thickness of cheesecloth and tie closed). Add to the pan tucking it under the strawberries.
Heat to a simmer over medium heat, being sure to submerge the tea ball. Let simmer on medium-low, stirring often, until strawberries soften and juices thicken slightly, about 25 minutes.
Cool completely. Remove the orange peel and the tea ball. Refrigerate the sauce in a tightly covered container overnight or up to 2 weeks.
Nutrition information per tablespoon: 20 calories, 0 g fat, 0 g saturated fat, 0 mg cholesterol, 5 g carbohydrates, 5 g sugar, 0 g protein, 6 mg sodium, 0 g fiber
Read or Share this story: http://detne.ws/2toTtSH
ISLAMABAD, Apr 24 (APP):The present government has introduced unprecedented Prime Minister's Health Programme for providing free and easy access to health facilities to the people and this initiative was the vision of the former prime minister Muhammad Nawaz Sharif.
This was stated by the minister of State for Information, Broadcasting, National History and Literary Heritage Marriyum Aurangzeb here Tuesday, while speaking at the awareness campaign regarding health of the child and mother with the theme ‘Umeed Say Aagay”(Beyond the Hope) jointly organized by Human Development Foundation and Sun Secretariat. She said that for the first time a health programme initiated for the people living below the poverty line was running successfully and will be a step forward towards welfare state.
The minister reiterated that large scale awareness campaign was imperative for resolving health issues of mother and child, particularly in the rural areas where it was badly needed. She said that the media could play a very vital role in the success of the awareness campaign and it could also be effectively run through mobile phones.
She emphasized the need for awareness campaign at the local level which she said could be more effective in producing the desired results.
Marriyum revealed that awareness campaign on the subject would also be started through PTV and Radio. She said that there was a mandatory provision in the licensing of the TV channels by PEMRA that they would devote 10% of their airtime to the social messages and campaigns. The minister said that the performance of Basic Health Units could also be improved with the cooperation of the private sector.
She said that awareness about the health of the child and mother was given top priority in the world and the nutritional deficiency and shortage of food were regarded as the most important issues. The minister said that the subject needed unruffled attention in Pakistan in addition to proper research for finding plausible solutions adding that the matter was being dealt through the SDGS.
The minister said that Pakistan was playing its due role for the achievement of SDGS and was the only country in the world which had established a proper secretariat of SDGS in its parliament. She said that the targets of Vision 2025 were also linked with SDGS.
The minister said that a parliamentary task force comprising representatives of all political parties had been set up for the achievement of SDGS and during the last three years it had ensured implementation of a number of steps taken in that regard adding that without the help of the parliament it was impossible to achieve the targets of the SDGS. She said that the task forces constituted at the provincial level were also functioning effectively.
Marriyum said that the problems regarding shortage of food for children were being addressed on priority basis and the parliamentarians had also been assigned roles in the implementation of the polio campaign and other health issues.
The minister said that food shortage was an issue which required a proper and authentic data to deal with it effectively and to formulate comprehensive policies on that basis. She said that census had been held in Pakistan after a long period and relevant data was being collected which would help in setting up future targets.
She said that some data had also been collected with the arrival of MDGS in the country. The minister said that one of the reasons for the failure in achieving the MDGS targets, the signing of which also made Pakistan part of the SDGS, was the lack of proper framework. The minister congratulated the HDF and Sun Secretariat for initiating the awareness campaign.
Executive Director HDF Saeed Ahsan shed light on awareness campaign, food shortage, health issues of the newly born babies, precautions and timely treatment. Chairman Board of Directors of HDF Khalid Riaz, CEO HDF Azhar Saleem and Chief Nutrition of Sun Secretariat also addressed the audience.
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
New models bring a slew of new features to Samsung's mid-range series.
Samsung has unveiled the 2017 refresh of the Galaxy A series. The Galaxy A3 2017, A5 2017, and A7 2017 will be up for sale in Russia and select Asian markets starting later this month, followed by availability in Europe in February. There are a lot of interesting additions in this year's refresh, but three features stand out: IP68 water resistance, USB-C connectivity, and 16MP front and rear cameras.
With IP68 certification — the same rating as the Galaxy S7 — the Galaxy A series are immune to the ingress of dust, and can survive in up to 5 feet of water for up to 30 minutes. There's also USB-C with Fast Charging, microSD card slot, NFC with support for Samsung Pay and an always-on display mode for viewing the time and calendar without switching on the screen. All three models are launching with Android 6.0.1 Marshmallow and not Nougat.
The phones also sport 16MP front and rear cameras with faster autofocus and better performance in low-light conditions. You can enable a floating camera shutter button that lets you take selfies with ease, and the display itself lights up (serving as a front-facing flash module) when you're taking selfies.
As for the design, the Galaxy A 2017 series phones retain a metal and glass design, although the glass at the back is curvier when seen against previous models. The other major alteration is the speaker griller, which has been moved to the right hand side.
The Galaxy A3 2017 features a 4.7-inch 720p display, octa-core SoC clocked at 1.6GHz, 2GB of RAM, 16GB storage, and a 2350mAh battery. Being the entry-level model, it doesn't get the 16MP cameras, instead, you'll have to make do with a 13MP shooter at the back and an 8MP camera up front.
The Galaxy A5 2017 fares better with a 5.2-inch Full HD display, 3GB of RAM, 32GB storage, octa-core SoC clocked at 1.9GHz, and a 3000mAh battery. The Galaxy A7 2017 has the same specs as the A5, with the main differences being a larger 5.7-inch Full HD display and a 3600mAh battery.
The Galaxy A 2017 series phones will be available in four color options: Black Sky, Gold Sand, Blue Mist and Peach Cloud. What do you guys make of Samsung's new mid-range phones?
Source: #Tajamuka activists in hiding | The Standard (Local News)
#TAJAMUKA activists who were involved in skirmishes with the police, illegal money-changers and vendors during violent protests in Harare on Friday, were yesterday said to have gone into hiding fearing both the police and Zanu PF youths.
BY BLESSED MHLANGA
One of the activists who spoke on condition he was not named, said following the demonstrations, police had visited his home with the intention of arresting him.
“I am not at home because police are after me even though I was not part of the violent demonstration. The police have no idea who was part of the demonstration and are now looking for anyone linked to the organisation,” he said.
The activist said so far, no one from the social movement had been arrested.
“None of our members have been arrested so far but there are some people who were arrested. These could have been people who just joined in the demonstration or passers-by,” he said.
MDC-T secretary for security and defence, James Chidhakwa said the opposition party youth had not taken part in the demonstration because they were preparing for their 18th anniversary celebrations to be held in Kwekwe on Saturday.
“It is sad that police attacked our members at Harvest House. They seem to think that hitting MDC supporters and youths will end the crisis in this country. We are busy with our anniversary celebrations and we are not in anyway involved with the violence which rocked Harare,” he said.
Zanu PF youths are reportedly angry after a ruling party branded vehicle had its windows shattered by the protesters.
They have promised retributive justice, saying they were waiting for another such demonstration.
But youth leader Kudzai Chipanga said he was in the dark.
“I am in Bulawayo and I am yet to receive a report on the violence and damage on the vehicle. We are busy here assessing the preparedness of Bulawayo to host the ninth presidential youth interface rally and mobilising our structures,” he said.
Attempts to get comment from the police yesterday were fruitless as national spokesperson Senior Assistant Commissioner Charity Charamba, said she was attending a funeral and could not comment.
Islamabad
National Highway Authority (NHA), in response to media reports regarding inquiry by National Accountability Bureau (NAB) about alleged irregularities in award of contracts for Peshawar- Karachi Motorway project has maintained that complete cooperation will be extended to facilitate the subject inquiry.
The allegations of ‘irregularities' are based on misunderstanding and disinformation. The NHA has clarified them before and is ready to address the same again on any forum, a press release Saturday said.
Being the custodian of over 12,000 km network of highways and motorways, the NHA has always taken this responsibility as a trust reposed by the nation and endeavored to maintain the highest standards of fairness and accountability in the discharge of its work. Projects worth over Rs1,400 billion are currently under execution in all parts of the country whereby adherence to rules and transparency remain the very foundation of this unprecedented road development activity.
As a matter of fact, reforms introduced in the procurement process during the last few years have led to savings of over Rs300 billion to the national exchequer, a fact also acknowledged by the Auditor General of Pakistan in its audit report for year 2016-17.
All contracts were processed and awarded as per relevant rules and regulations with total transparency. The NAB was also requested in writing to supervise the tendering and procurement procedure for the award of works for CPEC and other highway projects including Lahore-Abdulhakim, Multan-Sukkur and Thakot-Havelian Motorway, to ensure the desired standards of transparency.—APP
Source: Mining sector opaque — Chinamasa – The Zimbabwe Independent October 6, 2017
FINANCE minister Patrick Chinamasa has hit out at mining companies in Zimbabwe, accusing them of prejudicing the country of significant income in unpaid taxes amid widespread opaqueness shrouding the sector.
Tinashe Kairiza
The Zimbabwe Independent, over the years, has extensively carried out groundbreaking expose in the sector, particularly focusing on the Chiadzwa diamonds, revealing how the country is being pillaged of potential revenue by state actors involved in misty mining projects.
Notably, the shady involvement of the army and the security agency in Chiadzwa following the discovery of a lucrative alluvial diamond find, has been cited by commentators as potentially robbing off the country of significant revenue that can be channelled towards other priority development areas.
Speaking at the Media Mining Awards held at a local hotel last week, Chinamasa raised concerns that the country's top mining companies could be concealing their actual production levels to evade paying tax.
He said a consultant who had been assigned to compile a fact file on the country's mining industry concluded that the sector was “the most opaque in the world.”
“We once engaged a consultant to come up with a mining manual and he said that the task was difficult because the sector is opaque,” Chinamasa said. “As government, we want our fair share of taxes.”
Citing the example of Norway, Chinamasa accused local mining firms of concealing their actual production levels to dodge paying taxes and royalties to government.
“In order to fix appropriate tax levels Norway has developed a system where everything is transmitted to the government on a daily basis,” he said.
During the inclusive government era, the then finance minister Tendai Biti persistently accused diamond mining firms in Chiadzwa for deliberately avoiding remitting taxes and royalties to treasury.
Last year, President Robert Mugabe revealed that mining firms operating in Chiadzwa had declared less than US$2 billion to Treasury despite earning a staggering US$15 billion in revenue. Experts, however, have disputed the figure given by Mugabe as earnings in diamond revenue.
Several reports have detailed the looting of Zimbabwe's diamonds especially at Chiadzwa.
One such report, titled Reap What You Sow: Greed and Corruption in Zimbabwe Marange Diamond Fields, produced in November 2012 by the Toronto-based pressure group Partnership Africa Canada says diamonds worth US$2 billion were looted since 2008.
This article originally appeared in the February 2014 issue of Architectural Digest.
Skip Paul and Van Fletcher are remarkably well versed in California's legacy of modern architecture and design. The couple is known in the Los Angeles and Bay Area design communities for restoring houses by such modernist architects as A. Quincy Jones and Gardner Dailey. They've nurtured midcentury gardens by Garrett Eckbo and Thomas Church back to life.
But when the time came to hire an architect to design a new house for a breathtaking site in the Trousdale Estates section of Beverly Hills, the two men decided to play down that track record and conduct a little experiment. Paul, a veteran entertainment-business dealmaker (a former top executive of the video-game company Atari, he is now a senior adviser at the investment firm Centerview Partners), dropped by the L.A. offices of Marmol Radziner without an appointment.
He and Fletcher were familiar with the work of partners Leo Marmol and Ron Radziner, not only their acclaimed restoration of Richard Neutra's 1946 Kaufmann House in Palm Springs but also the numerous stylish, approachable neo-modern residences they've created from the ground up—many of them in California. Paul, however, wanted to enter the office as an anonymous potential client. "You get a sense of a firm by being there and sitting in the reception area," he says. "And frankly, I fell in love with the manner of the place. As soon as I met Leo and Ron, I knew that they would grasp what we wanted to do."
That meeting sparked an unusually harmonious collaboration. The house that Marmol Radziner devised for the couple, with interiors by Seattle-based decorator Don Boehm—a friend of Paul and Fletcher's—is a seamless blend of livability and glamour that the homeowners jokingly call their "two-person resort." It nods to California modernism without being hamstrung by it.
"There was definitely an assumption that Skip and Van might want a modern house, because they had that history," Radziner says. But the home is more a riff on midcentury style than a copy, he notes, adding, "It's about being a bit warmer, about relating back to the landscape."
Indeed, the design is in every sense a response to its location in Trousdale, a swish residential community developed in the postwar years along a slope in the northeast corner of Beverly Hills. When Paul and Fletcher bought their property—primarily for the spectacular south-facing canyon, city, and ocean views—it included a 1960s Italianate dwelling, which they lived in for several years but ultimately decided to tear down. Building in Trousdale, however, meant dealing with certain constraints. The enclave imposes stringent regulations on regrading sites, and new residences must adhere to a 14-foot height limit. Some buyers chafe at those restrictions and head elsewhere. Not Paul and Fletcher.
"You learn a lot when you redo houses," Paul says. "You learn about design and construction, but you also learn how you like to live. We didn't want a place that was 8,000 square feet. We wanted a bigger garden and a smaller home."
The plans Marmol Radziner came up with fit the couple's expectations so naturally that they seem almost preordained. The four-bedroom dwelling is tucked into the hillside to maximize outdoor space. While the street-facing side is mostly solid (featuring stacked-stone and cement-plaster walls), the rear is lined with expanses of sliding glass that take advantage of the views and enable easy flow between the indoors and the terraces, pool, and lawn. Anchoring the high-ceilinged central portion of the house are the entertaining spaces—a great room, dining area, and kitchen—which are flanked on one side by the master suite and an intimate den, and on the other by a guest room and an office wing.
Throughout the residence, the emphasis is on earthy textures and finishes. Fireplaces in the great room and on the terraces are set into walls of thick ledger sandstone, ceilings are clad in cedar planks, and the color of the hand-troweled plaster walls was made to match that of the bark on the multitrunk oak trees Marmol Radziner brought in to give the garden some structure. In nearly every room, Paul says, "you have a feeling that you are surrounded by natural materials."
Evoking Trousdale's midcentury vision of domestic luxury, ivory terrazzo floors pave the entertaining areas and continue out onto the terraces. "There is definitely a glamour in this house, but it's actually rather subtle," says Boehm, whose furniture choices combine modern design icons (such as Mies van der Rohe's Barcelona chairs) and custom-made tables and seating defined by clean lines and muted earth tones. Embellishing the home's serene sophistication is a notable selection of postwar paintings by Sam Francis, Robert Motherwell, and Richard Pousette-Dart.
The garden, which features blue agave and Mexican feather grass, was carefully composed to reflect the character of the home. And it's when you stand out by the pool and look back at the house that its architectural sensibility becomes clearest. The wide, flat roof of the building's central section extends protectively over the two smaller wings, bringing the spaces for entertaining and the ones for quiet retreat into a close embrace.
ISLAMABAD: Air Chief Marshal Mujahid Anwar Khan took over the command of Pakistan Air Force as the 22nd Chief of the Air Staff, in a graceful Change of Command ceremony held at Air Headquarters, Islamabad Monday.
During the ceremony a smartly turned out contingent of Pakistan Air Force presented the guard of honour to the outgoing Chief of the Air Staff, Air Chief Marshal Sohail Aman. Later on, he decorated Air Marshal Mujahid Anwar Khan with the ranks of Air Chief Marshal and handed him over the “Command Sword”. To bid farewell to the outgoing Air Chief a four-ship formation of JF-17 Thunder aircraft presented a farewell fly past over the venue.
Speaking at the occasion, the outgoing Chief of the Air Staff, Air Chief Marshal Sohail Aman said, “As I relinquish the responsibility of PAF command on completion of my tenure as Chief of the Air Staff, I bow my head in great humility before Allah almighty, for his boundless blessings, help and guidance throughout my career. No doubt, serving PAF for over four decades has been, a privilege, honour and a matter of immense satisfaction for me. Certainly, I cannot think of a greater honour than leading one of the best air forces of the world.
The outgoing Air Chief further said, “I am glad to leave behind a well-developed mature organization, equipped with sophisticated hardware in the hands of most competent and highly skilled professionals, ever ready to defend the aerial frontiers of Pakistan as per the aspirations of the nation. As I reflect upon my times, both pleasant and testing in Pakistan Air Force, vivid among these are the events of the last three years in which PAF faced unprecedented challenges and brought peace to the country after milestone achievements in war against violent non-state actors and extremists. Establishment of PAF's Airpower Centre of Excellence was another major step forward in augmenting PAF's operational preparedness and promoting coordial relations with friendly countries. PAF has also embarked upon a toilsome but rewarding effort in shape of Aviation City and a well-crafted Aerospace and Aviation Campus of Air University to prove the much needed Industry-Academia linkage for economic prosperity of the country through indigenization and self-reliance.”
Air Chief Marshal Sohail Aman also added, “I urge you to strive for excellence in your assignments, put in your best for the country and PAF, work with sincerity of purpose and complete commitment to assigned tasks. Being combatants of this elite organization, always uphold the pledge to live for, fight for and die for the country. On this occasion, I congratulate Air Chief Marshal Mujahid Anwar Khan on his appointment as Chief of the Air Staff, Pakistan Air Force, and wish him success in his new assignment. My successor is a sound professional with extraordinary leadership qualities and above all he is an excellent human being. I am confident that during his tenure of command, Pakistan Air Force will scale new heights of excellence, Insha Allah.”
Orignally published by NNI
Did you know you can bring a tea-dunked fly back from the verge of drowning by covering it in warming, drying cigarette ash? Fifteen-year-old Mára (Tomáš Mrvík) does — it's a little bit of useless lore he picked up from his hero-worshipped grandfather. He demonstrates as much to the flinty police interrogator (Lenka Vlasáková) who brings him into custody when his quixotic journey in a stolen Audi, with fellow runaway Heduš (Jan František Uher) riding literal shotgun (it's ok, it only fires pellets) comes to an abrupt halt, in a grey town on the other side of the Czech Republic from where they started out.
Slovenian-born, FAMU-educated director Olmo Omerzu never overworks the metaphor, but the “Winter Flies” that buzz lethargically on windowsills throughout his third feature are, like the boys, a nuisance, but there's something admirable about their tenacity. They come to stand for all the threatened things that find a way hang on in there past their expiration date, maybe even to flourish in adversity. They're like the friendship that blooms between Mára, a tough-talking teen rebel and the overweight, sweetly dorky Heduš, hulkingly clad in shaggy camo that gives him the silhouette of a sasquatch. Or like the goodness that still lives on underneath Mára's shellacked layers of trash-talking cool, and the childish cheek-dimple that contradicts his skinhead scowl.
DP Lukáš Milota frames the action impeccably, with hard, desaturated imagery never romancing the dismal, drizzly roadside locations, while still having a sullen beauty that also complements its moments of deadpan humor. And Omerzu and editor Jana Vlčková put the cross-cutting structure to good use by delivering some lovely transitions, as when we cut from Mára's ailing grandfather to the aforementioned Lazarus fly struggling back to life, or from Mára's proud assertion that he could happily live up a tree for three years, to a shot of the boys nestled amongst some branches using the sights on Hedus' toy gun as binoculars. But as accomplished as the filmmaking is (the clever, modern-classical score from Šimon Holý, Monika Midriaková, and Paweł Szamburski also deserves mention), it's the performances that stay with you, and the two young first-time-actor leads are a revelation. Especially Mrvík, who carries the whole film on his hunched, wary shoulders and in a mutable expression that teeters between innocence and cynicism.
There's a background of parental neglect that is hinted at though never shown. Instead, we spend the whole film on this little adventure with the two boys, and observe all the ways it differs from the aggrandized account Mára gives the police officer. Heduš fantasizes about joining the French Foreign Legion, and consults his more worldly friend about girls. In reply, Mára feeds him tall tales of outlandish sexual exploits, but when they pick up a pretty young hitchhiker (Eliška Křenková), they're the ones who end up sleeping on the cold ground while she gets the car. They scorn the man who tries to sell them a scruffy-looking dog, but dive into freezing waters to save the mutt thereafter. And Mára's resolve not to cooperate with the authorities does eventually crumble, but only when his devotion to his grandfather is cruelly manipulated. There are moments of magic and moments of mayhem, but the emotional effect of this you-and-me-against-the-world story is a piercingly bittersweet melancholy that anyone ever has to grow up, when the child selves are so much better people than the adults they'll likely become.
The “young boys bond on a mission to nowhere” subgenre already has its own classics (“Stand By Me” being the benchmark) and a fresh crop of coming-of-age stories arrives every year like daffodils. But while “Winter Flies” might not tell us anything new, it relates its old story with a vivid specificity and a beguiling sense of mischief that makes it feel fresh. And for a film in which the occasional small miracle does occur, and a heartwarming odd-couple friendship springs up almost in spite of itself, it is gratifyingly unsentimental. Other, luckier kids might be crowned kings of summer, but Mára and Heduš get to be the unlikely lords of winter.
Love the Earth is part of pre-Valentines program offered by Menlo Spark
Diane Bailey, who is Executive Director of Menlo Spark, let us know about a fun art project called “Love Your Earth” her organization sponsored yesterday at the Boys & Girls Club in the Belle Haven neighborhood of Menlo Park as a prelude to today's Valentine celebration. She emails:
“[The] BGCP has been integrating environmental themes into some of their programs.[Yesterday] Jonathan Hooker, with support from David Cruz, led students through an art project creating little 3-D paper Loraxes. We talked to the kids about the story of the Lorax and what it means to Love the Earth, ­clean up trash outside, recycle, save water, protect habitat for the animals who live in it and also us humans. The kids were great about sharing their ideas too.”
Photos courtesy of Menlo Spark
Monday, August 14, 2017 at 4:19 pm |
Border Patrol officers escort a group of immigrants to a van in Edinburg, Texas on Sunday. (Delcia Lopez/The Monitor via AP)
EDINBURG, Texas (AP) - Police in Texas acting on a tip found 17 immigrants locked inside a tractor-trailer parked at a gas station about 20 miles from the border with Mexico, less than a month after 10 people died in the back of a hot truck in San Antonio.
Edinburg Assistant Police Chief Oscar Trevino tells KGBT-TV that the immigrants from Mexico, Honduras, Guatemala and Romania may have been locked inside the 18-wheeler in Edinburg for at least eight hours before being freed by officers late Sunday morning.
None of the people inside the tractor-trailer required medical attention. A man and woman who Trevino said are Cuban nationals were in charge of the rig and have been detained.
The discovery comes three weeks after 10 people died in a sweltering rig parked at a Walmart in San Antonio. Immigration officials say survivors estimated 100 people had been packed into the back of the 18-wheeler at one point. Officials said 39 people were inside when rescuers arrived, and the rest either escaped or hitched rides to their next destination. Nearly 20 of those rescued from the rig were hospitalized in dire condition, many suffering from extreme dehydration and heatstroke. The driver of that rig remains in federal custody, charged with illegally transporting immigrants for financial gain, resulting in death.
On Sunday, Edinburg police went to the gas station, a popular stopover for commercial truck drivers traveling through the region, after receiving an anonymous call from someone saying a relative was trapped inside the tractor-trailer. Officers began knocking on the sides of trailers parked at the station and eventually received return knocks from the one holding the immigrants, police said.
U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement is investigating.
The San Antonio incident demonstrated how smugglers regularly use big rigs in an elaborate network of foot guides, safe house operators and drivers. The immigrants discovered in San Antonio had been divided into groups and marked with color-coded tape. Six black SUVs were waiting at one transit point to take some to their destinations.
Authorities have not said if similar arrangements had been made for the immigrants found in Edinburg, about 230 miles south of San Antonio.
Manuel Padilla, U.S. Customs and Border Protection's sector chief for the Rio Grande Valley at Texas' southernmost point, declined to say if Sunday's incident was related to the San Antonio case, citing the ongoing investigation. But he said authorities had stopped more than 30 tractor-trailers since October in the Rio Grande Valley. That doesn't include Laredo, the Texas border city where authorities say the driver of the trailer in the San Antonio case said he stopped twice on his journey.
“You don't know how many you miss,” Padilla told The Associated Press on Monday. “But … the use of tractor-trailers to smuggle people out of this area is higher in South Texas, to include Laredo, than any other area along the border. And it goes right back to a weak border.”
Most people apprehended crossing the United States' southern border are caught in the Rio Grande Valley, which includes more than 300 miles of the Rio Grande, the river separating the United States and Mexico.
Border apprehensions have risen each month since falling in April to a 17-year low.
Tractor-trailers emerged as a popular smuggling method in the early 1990s amid a surge in U.S. border enforcement in San Diego and El Paso, Texas, which were then the busiest corridors for illegal crossings. Before that, people paid small fees to mom-and-pop operators to get them across a largely unguarded border. As crossing became exponentially more difficult after the 2001 terror strikes in the U.S., migrants were led through more dangerous terrain and paid thousands of dollars more.
Truck was last seen on Wednesday at Liquor Depot
Port Alberni RCMP are looking for a green 1999 Ford F250 diesel pickup truck, as it was taken without the owner's consent.
The truck was last seen between 1 and 2 p.m. on Wednesday, March 14 at The Liquor Depot store on Johnston Rd.
The truck is described as a short box pickup with an extended cab. It also has an attached front end winch with LED lights on either side of it. The truck is lifted a few inches and bears the BC licence plate 8384 EC.
Anyone who knows the whereabouts of this truck or the person operating it is asked to contact the Port Alberni RCMP at 250-723-2424 or Alberni Valley Crime Stoppers at 1-800-222-8477 (TIPS).
Photo: Anthony Behar / Sipa USA
By Hayden Wright
The holidays are a time for gathering with friends, family, and — if you're Lady Gaga — the Haus of Gaga. The Joanne singer and her creative team celebrated Christmas with an array of “naughty elf” costumes this weekend. Gaga's sister dressed up as Mrs. Claus and the “Born This Way” hitmaker dubbed herself “Mistress Claus.”
Related: Lady Gaga Sends Prayers to California Wildfire Victims
Wearing long, pointy ears and a green bodysuit, Gaga merged the festive with the provocative. Her squad explored the theme in felt tree costumes, velvet capes and other campy fashions of the North Pole.
“We love you and wish you lots of cheers and no tears!” Gaga captioned the Instagram album. The singer is currently on tour promoting Joanne and preparing for the 2018 release of the film A Star Is Born. It was recently announced that Gaga would use her given name—Stefani Germanotta—in credits for the film.
Gaga wishes you a Merry Christmas and a happy New Year, here:
Are you on the naughty or nice list this year? #holiday #holidayparty #merrychristmas #happyholidays #naughty #nice #ladygaga #gaga A post shared by Lady Gaga (@ladygaga) on Dec 10, 2017 at 9:17pm PST
Happy Holidays from the #HausOfGaga. We love you and wish you lots of cheers and no tears! 🎄🎅🤶 #holiday #ladygaga #gaga #party photo by @alex.j.dolan A post shared by Lady Gaga (@ladygaga) on Dec 10, 2017 at 8:12pm PST
The future of province-wide standardized testing will be determined in consultation with parents, teachers and others in the system, says Ontario's education minister in response to a report that recommends changes to the contentious literacy and numeracy evaluations given to students in four grades.
The report, released online Tuesday, says that over the next several years, the government should “phase out” tests in Grade 3, as well as in Grade 9 math, “substantially modernize” Grade 6 assessments, and end but then reform the mandatory Grade 10 literacy test.
It even suggests that in transforming testing by the Education Quality and Accountability Office, or EQAO, that the government consider “re-naming and re-launching the Crown agency” which has been a source of much frustration among teacher unions.
“The province will work with education sector partners to move forward on the recommendations for strengthening classroom assessment and reporting,” said Education Minister Indira Naidoo-Harris in a written statement.
She also said more feedback is needed from Indigenous communities.
The pressure for electrification in China is an added headache for automakers at a time when sales growth is slowing and competition heating up in a market they are counting on to drive global revenue.
The Shanghai auto show, which opens to the public on Friday, will showcase work on electric models meant to appeal to Chinese drivers who are wary of the unfamiliar technology's reliability and cost.
“It's tough for someone with an EV to come and take away market share from SUVs,” said Ben Cavender of China Market Research Group.
The industry is rattled by Beijing's proposal to require that electric cars make up 8 per cent of every brand's production as soon as next year. Consumers are steering the other way: First-quarter SUV sales soared 21 per cent from a year earlier to 2.4 million, while electric vehicle purchases sank 4.4 per cent to just 55,929.
BEIJING—Automakers face a dilemma in China's huge but crowded market: Regulators are pushing them to sell electric cars, but buyers want gas-guzzling SUVs.
General Motors Co.'s Buick unit announced plans last month for Chinese sales of its Velite 5 gasoline-electric hybrid sedan. Buick also sells a hybrid LaCrosse in China.
At the Shanghai show, the industry's biggest marketing event this year, almost every global and Chinese brand plans to display at least an electric concept car, if not a model ready for sale, alongside its latest SUVs and sedans.
Sales growth fell to 1.7 per cent in March from last year's 15 per cent. SUVs made up 40 per cent of sales, while sedan purchases fell 4.9 per cent.
This month, Ford Motor Co. said it will sell an all-electric SUV and a plug-in hybrid Mondeo Energi sedan in China. Ford's joint venture with state-owned Changan Automobile Co. will manufacture the Mondeo.
Ford said by 2025 it plans to offer electric versions of 70 per cent of its models sold in China.
“We are prioritizing our electrification efforts on China to reflect its importance as a global electrified vehicle market,” Ford CEO Mark Fields said in a statement.
NextEV, a Shanghai-based startup, says it will display 11 vehicles in Shanghai from its all-electric NIO brand. They include the two-door EP9, a contender for the title of the fastest electric car, with what the manufacturer says is a top speed of 310 km/h.
Volkswagen AG plans to announce its electric vehicle plans for China and unveil an electric concept car. Honda Motor Co. will show its new NeuV, a futuristic concept car the company has suggested might get an electric drivetrain.
Government planners see electric vehicles as a sector where China can lead, and a Cabinet technology development plan issued in 2013 calls for two of the top global brands in 2025 to be Chinese.
Hence the proposal, released in September, calling for electric or gasoline-electric hybrids to make up 8 per cent of every automaker's output next year. That would rise to 10 per cent in 2019 and 12 per cent in 2020.
Manufacturers failing to meet those targets could buy credits from companies that produce more electrics, helping to subsidize development.
People in the industry say manufacturers have warned Beijing those targets are too ambitious. News reports say regulators might have agreed to lower or delay them in an updated plan due out this year, but there has been no official confirmation.
China's standout EV success so far is BYD Auto Co. It sells all-electric vehicles to taxi and bus fleets in China and abroad and gasoline-electric hybrid SUVs and sedans to Chinese consumers.
BYD Auto says last year's sales rose 70 per cent over 2015 to 100,183 vehicles. That would make it the biggest electric brand for a second year, with Tesla Inc. in second place at 76,230 vehicles sold.
Other Chinese brands offer plug-in electrics but most sold only a few hundred vehicles last year. That is partly because their vehicles cost up to 350,000 yuan ($50,000 U.S.), or two to three times the price of equivalent gasoline models.
Even Great Wall Motors Ltd., which became China's most profitable auto brand by making almost nothing but SUVs, has unveiled an electric compact sedan, the C30 EV, which looks almost comically small next to its hulking other vehicles. It has yet to say when sales will start.
Some brands promise a range of up to 200 kilometres on one charge. But industry analysts say that is too much money and too short a distance for most drivers, who have few places to recharge.
“The biggest worries for people buying an electric car are lack of convenience for charging and the miserable range most electric cars have,” said Zhang Xin, an independent auto industry analyst.
To ease such “range anxiety,” the Cabinet has ordered the state-owned power industry to step up installation of charging stations.
Government plans call for China to have 100,000 public charging stations and 800,000 private stations by next year, up from a total of 50,000 at the start of 2016. Longer term, the government wants a network that can support 5 million vehicles by 2020.
The government also is trying to nudge buyers toward electrics by exempting them from sales taxes and from license plate fees and lotteries imposed by Beijing, Shanghai and some other cities to curb congestion.
Aside from BYD, Chinese manufacturers are waiting to see what price regulators set for credits before deciding whether to buy them or develop their own technology.
“Even by 2020, it's not going to be a profitable business,” said John Zeng of LMC Automotive.
“The industry has to prepare for the worst case,” said Zeng. “That means who you have to have all the technology ready in case you need it, but on the other hand they don't want to commercialize it now, because it is not profitable.”
Police in Laguna Beach, California, have said a Tesla car – which the driver claimed had been operating in "autopilot" mode – has crashed into one of the force's stationary cop cars.
Photos of the incident were tweeted by Laguna Beach Police Department Public Information Sergeant Jim Cota on Tuesday (this morning UK time). The force said the driver of the Tesla had claimed the car was in Autopilot, which is not fully autonomous.
A Tesla spokeswoman said: "When using Autopilot, drivers are continuously reminded of their responsibility to keep their hands on the wheel and maintain control of the vehicle at all times.
"Tesla has always been clear that Autopilot doesn't make the car impervious to all accidents, and before a driver can use Autopilot, they must accept a dialogue box which states that ‘Autopilot is designed for use on highways that have a center divider and clear lane markings."
This morning a Tesla sedan driving outbound Laguna Canyon Road in “autopilot” collides with a parked @LagunaBeachPD unit. Officer was not in the unit at the time of the crash and minor injuries were sustained to the Tesla driver. #lagunabeach #police #tesla pic.twitter.com/7sAs8VgVQ3 — Laguna Beach PD PIO (@LBPD_PIO_45) May 29, 2018
It has not been confirmed that the crash occurred while autopilot mode was engaged, but the crash will draw attention to other incidents where drivers were alleged to be using Tesla's "super-cruise-control" system.
Earlier this year, a Tesla Model S slammed into a stationary firetruck at around 65mph (105kph) on Interstate 405 in Culver City, California. The car was driven under the fire engine, although the driver was able to walk away from the crash uninjured and refused an offer of medical treatment.
Back in 2016, a driver was killed after both he and the Tesla systems missed a lorry pulling across the highway.
Meanwhile, Elon Musk, has moaned about media attention on Tesla crashes, having recently tweeted: "It's super messed up that a Tesla crash resulting in a broken ankle is front page news and the ~40,000 people who died in US auto accidents alone in past year get almost no coverage."
Last week Tesla agreed to settle a class action lawsuit with buyers of its Model S and Model X cars, who had alleged the Autopilot system was "essentially unusable and demonstrably dangerous".
Consumer advocacy groups have also written to the Federal Trade Commission (PDF) asking it to investigate what they term as Tesla's "deceptive and misleading" use of the name "Autopilot", claiming Americans wouldn't know it wasn't a fully autonomous driving system.
Tesla said the feedback from its customers "shows that they have a very clear understanding of what Autopilot is, how to properly use it, and what features it consists of."
We have asked Tesla for comment. ®
Sponsored: Minds Mastering Machines - Call for papers now open
Published:
The Presidency said on Friday that it was totally disrespectful and unfair to call President Muhammadu Buhari a murderer over the killings by suspected herdsmen in Benue and other parts of the country.
The Senior Special Assistant to the President on Media and Publicity, Garba Shehu, while briefing State House correspondents at the Presidential Villa, Abuja, said that people should learn to express their grievances and criticisms without resorting to name calling.
He said the President, in accordance with the constitution, had the primary responsibility of protecting lives and property and that he had been doing that. He said, "Those beating the gongs of war and fanning the embers of discord must remember what prevailed in Rwanda before the genocide of the early 90 s , during which hundreds of thousands of lives were lost as a result of consistent hate speech spewing from that country's media.
"We must learn to express our grievances and criticisms without resorting to gutter language or to name calling , and the press has a responsibility to maintain that, even if it means calling their columnists to order. "Calling him Buhari a murderer is not only grossly disrespectful but unfair, especially when the President has written a letter to the Senate detailing his efforts to quell the crisis in Benue State.
"The President had also dispatched the Minister of Interior and the Deputy Inspector General of Police in charge of operations for an on the spot assessment of the situation in the aftermath of the unfortunate incident, and receiving a direct briefing from the IG the following day".
Share This
PITTSBURGH -- Penguins goaltender Matt Murray looks ready to return from a concussion that kept him out for the past three weeks.
Murray practiced with his teammates on Monday and could be available on Tuesday night when the two-time defending Stanley Cup champions visit the New York Islanders.
Coach Mike Sullivan said Murray looked strong during Pittsburgh's workout. Murray hasn't played since taking a shot off his mask in practice late last month.
The Penguins created a spot for Murray on the roster on Monday when they reassigned Tristan Jarry to the club's American Hockey League affiliate in Wilkes-Barre/Scranton. Jarry split starts with Casey DeSmith during Murray's absence.
Pittsburgh has hung tough without Murray, who helped backstop the Penguins to consecutive Cups. The Penguins trail first-place Washington by two points in the Metropolitan Division with 10 games left in the regular season.
Randy Moss explains how ecstatic he is about being selected for the Pro Football Hall of Fame and why he played for the love of football. (1:29)
Somehow, the VHS tape got lost in the shuffle. Maybe it happened in the move from Valley Ranch to The Star in Frisco, Texas, but that tape is in a box somewhere. That tape is mentioned every spring.
On it are the discussions leading into the 1998 draft, which tell the story of how the Dallas Cowboys came to pass on wide receiver Randy Moss.
Twenty years ago, the Cowboys passed on Moss with the eighth overall pick in the first round, a decision they paid for every time they played against the receiver, and a decision that might have hastened the end of the Triplets' Super Bowl chances.
“I don't know that we were the only ones who passed on him,” Cowboys executive vice president Stephen Jones said. “According to Randy, we were.”
Randy Moss recorded 10 touchdowns and averaged a whopping 18.9 yards per catch in seven career games against the Cowboys. Jeff Gross/Getty Images
No, the Cowboys weren't the only team to pass on Moss, who was drafted No. 21 by the Minnesota Vikings. Nineteen other teams passed on Moss, who will be inducted into the Pro Football Hall of Fame this summer. The Cincinnati Bengals passed on him twice to take linebackers Takeo Spikes (No. 13) and Brian Simmons (No. 17).
But nobody remembers that. They just remember the Cowboys' passing on Moss.
"I don't know that we were the only ones who passed on him. According to Randy, we were." Cowboys executive vice president Stephen Jones
Moss' draft slide had to do with off-field concerns. He signed out of high school with Notre Dame but never attended the school after he spent three days in jail for his involvement in a fight. He went to Florida State but was dismissed from the school for testing positive for marijuana.
He ended up back in his home state of West Virginia, at Marshall University, where he became one of the most prolific wide receivers in college football history. In 1997, he was a Heisman Trophy finalist and finished fourth behind Charles Woodson, Peyton Manning and Ryan Leaf.
Without question, Moss was the best receiver in the draft. While he could outrun any defender, he could not outrun his past.
Which brings us back to the tape.
'Draft him'
Back then, the Cowboys would tape their draft meetings to allow them to review what they thought of players to keep scouts and coaches from having selective memory when it came to who did or did not like whom.
According to several people involved in the process, it was clear head coach Chan Gailey and wide receivers coach Dwain Painter did not want Moss. The off-field concerns were too much. The Cowboys had also had issues with players such as Michael Irvin and Erik Williams.
A year earlier, Jerry Jones hired Calvin Hill to run a player-development program designed to help troubled players. Jones was sensitive to the issues his team was having, so that added weight to Moss' problems. The Cowboys' owner and general manager might not have felt that pressure in previous or subsequent years.
"Men, this is not the Boy Scouts we're dealing with. This is pro football. Draft him." Jim Garrett, longtime Cowboys scout
“I remember Michael saying that [he] probably caused some frustration with me and probably cost Randy coming with the Cowboys,” Jones said.
As the discussion kept slanting against Moss, Jim Garrett, the longtime Cowboys scout and father to current head coach Jason Garrett, had enough. He stood up and plainly let his voice be heard.
“Men, this is not the Boy Scouts we're dealing with,” the elder Garrett reminded the room. “This is pro football. Draft him.”
Said Jones, “He's legendary for having said that. And he said it like he was Billy Graham.”
A game-changer
Darren Woodson was entering his seventh season in 1998. Secondary coach Mike Zimmer would often ask Woodson for opinions on draft prospects. More specifically, they would always be defensive prospects.
“So he turns on the film, and I'm thinking it's going to be a defensive guy and it's Randy Moss at Marshall,” Woodson said. “He's this tall, lanky kid, and I'm like, ‘This is different.' And Zim just told me, ‘Look, man, this kid is a game-changer.' This is Mike Zimmer, who never showed me the other side. So I'm thinking this is the guy we're going to draft.”
Moss crushes Cowboys Hall of Fame wide receiver Randy Moss was upset the Cowboys didn't draft him. He got his revenge. Here's a look at his career vs. Dallas. Season Week Rec Yds TDs 1998 Week 13 3 163 3 1999 Week 9 6 91 2 1999 Wild Card 5 127 1 2000 Week 13 7 144 2 2004 Week 1 4 27 2 2005 Week 4 4 123 0 2007 Week 6 6 59 1 2010 Week 6 5 55 0 Total 40 789 11 ESPN Stats & Analysis
The Cowboys brought Moss to Dallas for a pre-draft visit. He was there with guys such as Andre Wadsworth, Curtis Enis, Grant Wistrom and Greg Ellis, who ended up as the Cowboys' top pick. They stayed at the DFW Airport Marriott North, with everybody mingling in a suite that overlooked the runways.
On the visit, players met with the coaches and coordinators, went over the schemes and got a feel for one another. Then there was a meeting with Jones.
“It's the guys they're serious about drafting, and Jerry told all of us, ‘If you're there, there's a great possibility we're going to get you,'” Ellis said. “I guess Randy took that and ran all the way home with it. Understand there were 19 others there for a visit for a reason, so they could get them, too.”
But Moss' trip was a little different. He hung out with Deion Sanders at the cornerback's home, further convincing him that he would soon be wearing the star on the side of his helmet. Moss, now an ESPN analyst, declined to comment for this story, but before playing the Cowboys for a final time in 2010, he said he “always carries a certain chip on my shoulder for the Cowboys.”
“The love that I received and the conversations that I had for those 48 hours had me believing that I was going to be a Dallas Cowboy up until draft day,” Moss recalled in 2010.
By the time the draft rolled around, the Cowboys' decision was made. No one quite remembers if Moss was on or off the Cowboys' draft board, but he wasn't even a fallback option. The choices were clear. There was no draft-room debate.
It was Wistrom or Ellis.
When the St. Louis Rams took Wistrom with the sixth overall pick, Ellis was the guy.
"When they didn't pick me, I was kind of more depressed because [my mom] was more depressed, and I took that to heart," Moss said in 2010. "That my mom didn't really care too much about the Boys and just seeing her facial expression and how she looked, I really took that to heart, man, and I told myself, 'Anytime I play the Dallas Cowboys, I'm never going to forget that look.'"
'We couldn't match up'
In seven games against the Cowboys, Moss caught 35 passes for 662 yards and 10 touchdowns. His 18.9 yards per catch was the most he averaged against an opponent. His 10 touchdowns were the third-most he recorded against a team in his career. He had more against only the Buffalo Bills (12) and Green Bay Packers (14).
In his first game against Dallas, on Thanksgiving in 1998, he caught only three passes. Unfortunately for the Cowboys, they all resulted in touchdowns. He gained 163 yards. He also picked up 50 yards in a pass interference penalty.
“The guy changed the game,” Woodson said. “The way we played back then, we weren't much of a Cover 2 team. We didn't double guys. We just played guys pretty much head up, one-on-one. Let Kevin Smith or Deion out there by themselves. But this dude, he made us rethink our entire defensive philosophy and even change it. We couldn't match up.”
"I didn't have a Randy Moss career. A lot of people didn't have a Randy Moss career, but I think my career was a solid one and well-respected around the league." Greg Ellis, former Cowboys defensive end
Ellis was on the field that day, too. He started at defensive end and finished with one tackle and two pass deflections.
“I remember the first time we played Randy at the old stadium, and Randy, he was having a serious game, and I was like, ‘Slow down, man. What are you doing?'” Ellis said.
In 1998, the Cowboys still had Irvin, Troy Aikman, Emmitt Smith, Daryl Johnston, Larry Allen, Nate Newton and Williams from their Super Bowl days on offense. They thought they had pieces in place to remain a top offensive unit. The defense needed help, which is why it came down to pass-rushers Wistrom or Ellis.
“It would be unfair in any way to say we're disappointed with how we did with the pick,” Jones said. “I want to remind everybody we did get Greg.”
In 11 seasons with the Cowboys, Ellis recorded 84 sacks. He led the team in sacks six times -- only DeMarcus Ware and Harvey Martin led the team more times in franchise history. In 2007, Ellis had 12.5 sacks and made the Pro Bowl.
“Coming into it, [Moss] really wasn't a conversation for me because I was more concentrated on, ‘OK, I want to earn my keep,'” Ellis said. “For me, when you're a high pick it's, ‘Make sure I'm not a bust. I just don't want that label.' But [the Moss angle] kept coming up, of course. It's something that's always talked about forever and a day. ...
“I didn't have a Randy Moss career. A lot of people didn't have a Randy Moss career, but I think my career was a solid one and well-respected around the league. I'm all right with it.”
Ellis was out for a walk when the phone call came recently to remind him of the anniversary of his draft.
“Twenty years?” he said. “Time flies.”
Family say girl is 'possessed' as she screams and writhes on the floor
Second girl dies after Oldham 'hit and run'
Soldier who lost both legs starts new career as p
She wasn't expecting to get these in her Secret S
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A distressing video of a girl, her family claim has been possessed by the devil, has emerged.
She can be seen writhing around on the floor and seems to be screaming in pain as others try to hold her down.
The woman filming the footage, can be heard saying: "Look at the elderly evangelist.
"I'm recording a video. They're going to pray for her.
"Look at her, she doesn't even know where she is."
(Photo: Youtube/Franco)
Toddler thrown in reservoir by desperate mum saved by heroic policewoman who dived in to save him
The family, who are believed to be deeply religious, have called in the older woman to rid the girl of the evil spirit.
Although it is not immediately clear where the footage was filmed, but it is thought to be in some where in South America, where Christianity, mainly Roman Catholicism, is the dominant religion.
(Photo: Youtube/Franco)
Dad tries to kill his toddler son by deliberately crashing car and leaving him in cast that covers half his body
Hide some learning in their playtime.
A variety of STEM toys and games are on sale today only as part of Amazon's Deals of the Day, including the popular littleBits Rule Your Room Base Kit which is down to $55.99 from its average of $80. This deal also brings it within $6 of its lowest price ever.
STEM toys promote the fundamentals of Science, Technology, Engineering and Math to children in fun, exciting ways. The littleBits Rule Your Room Base Kit focuses on the T and E in STEM, allowing a child to build a variety of inventions to have more control over their room, such as a burglar buzzer and a programmable pop-up puppet.
The coolest part about this littleBits base kit is that it can be combined with other similar kits to widen the kinds of inventions your child can create. One such kit is the Makey Makey which is also in Amazon's sale, available for its lowest price ever of $34.34 at a discount of $15 off the average. This kit lets you create a controller for your computer, tablet or phone out of everyday objects like a banana or a notepad. Best of all, these kits prioritize learning and provide steps for your child to begin to understand how these inventions actually work.
Amazon's STEM toys sale features other kinds of toys too, like the $5 kit that lets you turn a tin can into a robot, an 11-inch globe for $12, and National Geographic's Ultimate Construction Engineering Set which lets you build 100 different motorized model vehicles for just $34.99.
See at Amazon
Over the holiday weekend, Fetty Wap was spotted with his new boo, Blu , and when Kalysha got wind that the rapper has his eye on a new lady, she couldn't help but offer her own two cents, albeit indirectly.
Considering the history between New Jersey rapper Fetty Wap and his baby mama, Masika Kalysha , it's no surprise that their new year would be rung in with a little bit of drama .
Taking to her Twitter, Kalysha shared a simple but shady reaction, which skews towards the fact that she's still in her feelings over Fetty Wap moving on.
"N****s will fk a donkey," she writes, adding several emojis to accent her reaction.
Naturally, fans reacted quickly to the tweet, with many pointing out that she needs to make up her mind, factoring in how she previously stated she's no longer interested in trying to make things work with her daughter's father. Perhaps she's had yet another change of heart?
Judging from Fetty Wap's reaction, he's not losing any sleep over any of it.
Take a look at Masika Kalysha's reaction to Fetty Wap's latest pursuit in the posts below.
Karen Fricker: So Carly! It's Fringe time! Carly Maga: It's “Theatre Christmas” already. And we have, what, 158 productions to choose from?
Amy Lee and Heather Marie Annis in Morro and Jasp: Save the Date, playing at the Toronto Fringe Festival. ( COURTESY TORONTO FRINGE FESTIVAL ) Women of the Fur Trade by Anishinaabe writer Frances Koncan from Winnipeg won the Fringe Best New Play Contest. ( COURTESY TORONTO FRINGE FESTIVAL ) Upstream Downtown by Morgan Johnson and Alexandra Simpson is about “salmon and humans finding a home in Toronto.” ( COURTESY TORONTO FRINGE FESTIVAL ) Carmilla at the Toronto Fringe is an adaptation of the 1870s vampire novella of the same name. ( COURTESY TORONTO FRINGE )
KF: Theatre Santa is very generous! I think for many people looking at the list of shows can be overwhelming — how to choose? What's your strategy? CM: It's a lot, it's true. I typically look for familiar names at first. Then I take another scan for out of town productions with some reviews under their belt. Then once more for outliers with really snappy descriptions. My Fringe program is usually in pieces by the end of the festival. What about you? KF: Very similar. I'm also always looking around at other people's tips — and doing serious eavesdropping in the lines for shows. I love Fringe because it still is a powerful word-of-mouth event.
Article Continued Below
CM: Excellent points; it's important not to overplan. You never know what's going to take off and be the next Kim's Convenience. KF: So let's get into it! In terms of exciting familiar names in the program, what jumped out at you? CM: Well, they're practically Fringe royalty at this point; the clown duo Morro and Jasp (a.k.a. Heather Marie Annis and Amy Lee) are back with a new show, once again directed by Byron Laviolette: Morro and Jasp: Save the Date. I love how these two have a bonkers sense of humour but place female friendships front and centre. KF: Some names that popped for me were Julie Tepperman, Aaron Willis and Kevin Wong, who are bringing the first act of their musical The Preposterous Predicament of Polly Peel to Fringe, with the wonderful young actor Hannah Levinson. CM: I saw a very early version of this musical in Musical Stage Company's Reframed project (originally as Paulie Peel, after the Canadian artist Paul Peel whose work The Young Biologist inspired the show) and am I looking forward to seeing how it has progressed. Another big name is Tom McGee: he's a Fringe staple with the Shakey-Shake puppet theatre shows in the Fringe's children's program and he's also been a key dramaturge for Kat Sandler's work. Now he's directing his own play, Featherweight, starring Michael Musi, Kat Letwin and Amanda Cordner.
KF: Another on-the-rise Toronto talent is playwright Michael Ross Albert, who has two shows in Fringe this year: Anywhere, featuring Courtney Ch'ing Lancaster and Cass Van Wyck; and The Grass is Greenest at the Houston Astrodome. What caught your eye from elsewhere? CM: I'm going to make an effort to catch The Merkin Sisters from Vancouver and Toronto. They're the comedy duo of Ingrid Hansen and Stephanie Morin-Robert, in a show that is receiving rave reviews but offers little plot description. The Fringe program describes it as “RuPaul meets David Lynch,” which pretty much sold me.
Article Continued Below
KF: I am interested in the “burlesque cabaret dream play” Josephine, about the groundbreaking entertainer Josephine Baker, which has awards and great reviews from the States. And I'm also interested in performers who thrive on the Fringe circuit. One is Gemma Wilcox, whose solo shows are Toronto Fringe favourites (this year she's bringing back her 2008 hit The Honeymoon Period is Officially Over). Some friends tipped me off to Brooklyn-based Martin Dockery, a storyteller they say is mesmerizing — this year he has two shows in the Fringe: The Bike Trip and Inescapable. CM: Alongside Josephine is Ryan G. Hinds's #KANDERANDEBB and Ashley Botting's Ashley With a Y. Hinds is an established cabaret favourite, and Botting is best known as an improviser and comedian but has shown off her dramatic skills in shows like Jessica Moss's Cam Baby. These cabarets provide a mix of the solo storytelling and the musical extravaganzas that the Fringe has come to epitomize. KF: What are some other plays that look interesting? CM: The Fringe's Best New Play Contest winner is usually one to keep an eye on and this year's it's Women of the Fur Trade by Anishinaabe writer Frances Koncan from Winnipeg. It's great to see a non-Torontonian win, and this one stands out as a story about three women confronting their cultures, histories and potential futures in 1918 Canada. KF: Also interesting is Upstream Downtown by Morgan Johnson and Alexandra Simpson, about “salmon and humans finding a home in Toronto” (check out their promo photo and you can see that the performers indeed get “fishy”), and Soulo Theatre's We the Men, in which female-identifying performers play 10 men on a weekend trip, based on real conversations. The Fringe is also fun for shows in non-traditional locations. Flooded: A Show and Sail Around the Toronto Islands takes place on the Pirate Lifeboat, a nifty floating venue where Fringe-goers can catch a welcome breeze. CM: And expand your limits with genres you're not used to. Circus Shop of Horrors mixes circus arts with the esthetic and themes of horror movies. And there's another dark tale in Carmilla, an adaptation of the 1870s vampire novella of the same name. Karen, you know I'll be there. KF: I expect no less, my horror-loving colleague! Other shows in unusual locations are Harvey & the Extraordinary, Eliza Martin's solo show in a garage; Fiona Ross's Is That How Clowns Have Sex? staged in an adult entertainment store; Mrs. Mama's House, a riff on “The Old Woman Who Lived in a Shoe” at the Bata Shoe Museum; and St. Peon of the People, in which the audience joins a parking enforcement officer on her beat. You mentioned the Fringe Tent before. This year the Fringe has launched something new for after-hours socializing. CM: The Fringe Beer Tent has been officially rebranded as Postscript, seemingly to make it more open to non-Fringe artists and fans. With its public location in the Scadding Court hockey arena, people can come in off the street for food, drinks and daily programming, including a comedy night, a music festival, a silent disco and a prom (an '80s prom, to be specific). KF: I'm excited about the Postscript Youth Takeover Night on July 11, with programming from the AMY Project and Paprika Festival, and the Fringe Awards on the 12th hosted by Ali Hassan. CM: And the #UrgentExchange events organized by Generator. I know I'll see you at July 13's workshop on the new faces of theatre criticism! KF: Big time! And at the July 10 #UrgentExchange on precarity and mental health. We're running out of space here but, speaking of new faces, I'm looking forward to our next column about the University of Toronto course we're launching this week, “Reviewing the Toronto Fringe.” CM: Stay tuned Star readers and happy Fringe! The Toronto Fringe Festival runs July 4 to 15 in venues around the city. Tickets are $13, with discounts for previews and same-day purchase, and multi-show discount passes available. KidsFest shows are $5; no charge for babies in arms. See fringetoronto.com or call 416-966-1062; the festival box office is at 707 Dundas St. W. Karen Fricker and Carly Maga are Toronto-based theatre critics and freelance contributors for the Star. Follow them on Twitter: @KarenFricker2 and @RadioMaga
photo credit: 123rf
The role of teachers is set to become much different from that of today.Schools of the future will be packed with a combination of artificial intelligence and personalized learning tools, education experts predicted.“Students will not spend much time at school as they do now. They might have to come to school only for morning classes or even every other day,” said Gim Chae-chu, president of the Korean Educational Development Institute, a research group that develops educational goals, methods and policy solutions for South Korea's Ministry of Education.“After-school classes and self-study sessions will disappear in future schools,” Gim told The Korea Herald.While at school, students will be involved with various forms of learning activities, he said. “For example, in one corner of a classroom, students would be engaged in lessons tailored toward their individual needs, interests and pace of learning with digital gadgets such as smart pads. In another corner, others would be exploring the upcoming content on the Internet.”Teachers will play different roles as advisers, coaches, and facilitators who help students to learn in more self-motivated ways in future, Gim said.Lee Kyung-ho, head of Future Education Research Institute, said that smart learning would be a new norm.From primary and secondary schools, machine-assisted educational platforms will enable learners to study at their own pace and repeat subjects, courses or chapters that they are struggling with, Lee said.“Traditionally, what teachers found it most challenging was meeting individual demands of students, regardless of a class' size,” said Lee.“New platforms based on AI will change that. Data on millions of lessons will help identify learning algorithms and patterns of individual students, suggesting a whole new approach to interact with students.”There are already scoring robots on the market, albeit it still in their early stages, with the potential to free teachers from the tedious work of grading and allowing them to focus more on in-class activities.As technology changes faster, so does the role of education, according to Han You-kyung, an education professor at Seoul's Ewha Womans University.A new education paradigm will ensure that learning is not to prepare students for one single profession or job skill, but to help them nurture the ability to constantly adapt to changing demands.“It won't be like just teaching students a set of fixed knowledge with textbooks over a fixed period. It has to be a lifelong learning process more responsive to the future workforce in a way that students can discover their true passions and talents,” Han said.The Fourth Industrial Revolution across the world will inevitably change the way we think about work and “make us to think more creatively” than ever before. In the course of the transformation, outdated models of learning need to be replaced to cope with unknown challenges lying ahead, Han added.Some of the challenges are already emerging, says Song Gil-young, an executive vice president of AI-based big data analytics company Daumsoft.“Automated robots are already replacing low-skilled humans in various fields of jobs. In less than 50 years, AI machines will be able to beat humans many of the intellectual fields, including law and medicine.”The main focus of education, therefore, should be on cultivating students' competencies to identify and solve problems independently, not on operating machinery or doing basic programming, Gim Chae-chu of KEDI said.“It is difficult to say that South Korean schools are successfully doing the job. It is because Korean education continues to focus more on delivering basic information and knowledge provided by textbooks. Fostering students' capabilities to identify and solve problems so that they will be better prepared for the rapidly changing job market will be a must,” Gim said.“We also need to change the evaluation system. We need to evaluate students based on whether they have the ability to create something by themselves or to identify and solve problems independently rather than evaluating them with written, multiple-choice tests.”Will a college diploma still guarantee a better-paying job in the future? Not likely, say the experts.“I believe that the value of college diplomas from famous universities will be gradually depreciated,” Gim said.“In future, what's important is not whether you possess knowledge. AI will beat humans in that. What is required is the ability to utilize that knowledge creatively.”By Bak Se-hwan ( sh@heraldcorp.com
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
A former Johnson County corrections employee was sentenced to six months in prison for lewd behavior and trafficking in contraband.
The Kansas City Star reports 25-year-old Alyssa Jo Staats was sentenced Monday six months of “shock time” in jail as a condition of a two-year probation sentence.
Staats was originally charged last year with having unlawful sexual relations with an adult offender in the county's Therapeutic Community, an intensive drug treatment program.
She pleaded no contest and was found guilty in December on amended charges of trafficking contraband in a correctional facility, obstructing a law enforcement
officer and lewd and lascivious behavior.
Islamabad
The exports in textile and clothing increased by 8.13 percent during first 10 months of current fiscal year, as compared to same period of last year. According to the latest data , the textile group's exports of Pakistan jumped to 11.13 billion during July to April 2017-18, against the exports worth of $10.3 billion during July to January 2016-17, Radio Pakistan reported. The products that contributed in positive growth in external trade include raw cotton, knitwear, yarn, bed wear exports, towels, ready-made garments, silk and synthetic textile.—APP
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Trump's Nuclear Posture Review: From US Nuke Capabilities to Nuclear Terrorism from Sputnik News
The Trump administration announced its new nuclear doctrine on February 2, claiming it would take a tougher stance on Russia. The Nuclear Posture Review (NPR) outlines that President Trump, just like his predecessor Barack Obama, would consider using nuclear weapons only in “extreme circumstances.”
The freshly released review addresses US nuclear capabilities, as well as challenges allegedly posed by Russia, China, rogue states and nuclear terrorism. President Trump decided to follow Obama's blueprint for modernizing the nuclear arsenal, including new bomber aircraft, submarines and land-based missiles. US nuclear forces are said to contribute to the “deterrence of nuclear and non-nuclear attack,” “assurance of allies and partners,” “achievement of US objectives if deterrence fails,” and “capacity to hedge against an uncertain future.” As Secretary of Defense James Mattis has observed, “a safe, secure, and effective nuclear deterrent is there to ensure a war that can never be won, is never fought.”
“Russia and North Korea have increased the salience of nuclear forces in their strategies and plans and have engaged in increasingly explicit nuclear threats,” it said in the NPR. “Like Russia, China is pursuing entirely new nuclear capabilities tailored to achieve particular national security objectives while also modernizing its conventional military, challenging traditional U.S. military superiority in the Western Pacific.”
Non-Proliferation Regime
The United States is one of the guarantors of the non-proliferation regime under the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty (NPT), which has been undermined by Pyongyang's efforts to pursue its “nuclear path.” The United States will continue its efforts to: 1) minimize the number of nuclear weapons states, including by maintaining credible U.S. extended nuclear deterrence and assurance; 2) deny terrorist organizations access to nuclear weapons and materials; 3) strictly control weapons-grade material, related technology, and expertise; and 4) seek arms control agreements that enhance security, and are verifiable and enforceable.
Russia
The United States has raised concerns over Russia's aspirations to return to “Great Power competition” by “seizing Crimea,” adopting “troubling” military strategies, relying on “nuclear escalation for their success.” According to the NPR, Russia's strategic nuclear modernization has expanded and Moscow has been developing new nuclear warheads and launchers, including the evolution of its nuclear triad (strategic bombers, sea-based missiles, and land-based missiles. While outlining that Moscow must be convinced it would face “unacceptably dire costs” if it considered threatening even a limited nuclear attack in Europe, the NPR at the same time suggests that the United States doesn't wish to regard Russia as its adversary and rather “seeks stable relations” with the country, as well as with China. The United States “looks forward to a new day when Russia engages with the US, its allies, and partners transparently and constructively, without aggressive actions and coercive nuclear threats.”
Sharing is caring!
FHSU University Relations and Marketing
A workshop on customer service will be offered in March as part of the spring workshop series from the Management Development Center at Fort Hays State University.
“First Impressions Matter: A Customer Service Workshop” will be from 1 to 4:30 p.m. Wednesday, March, 1, in the Memorial Union's Trails Room on the FHSU campus.
This training will assist participants in implementing a service culture within their organizations. The workshop will also help develop individual professional and personal aptitudes in the areas of customer service, telephone etiquette, communication and listening, written and email communication.
Facilitators will be Dr. Stacey Smith, chair of the Department of Applied Business Studies, and Sabrina William, director of the Management Development Center.
Each person who completes the workshop will receive a completion certificate. The cost is $119. Registrations received prior to Feb. 24 are appreciated. Hays Area Chamber of Commerce members are eligible for a 15-percent discount.
Registration is available online at http://www.fhsu.edu/cob/mdc/First-Impressions-Matter/. To learn more about this workshop or receive discount codes, contact Conni Dreher by phone at (785) 628-4121 or by email at cdreher@fhsu.edu.
Photos on social media were being shared widely Saturday showing groups that had appropriated the logo during the protest. Some even altered the spokes in the winged wheel in a way that is reminiscent of the Nazi SS logo. (Photo: Twitter.com)
There was little trace Monday of the group calling itself the Detroit Right Wings, days after its slightly altered Detroit Red Wings logo showed up at the white nationalist rally in Virginia.
The group's Twitter account with the logo, created just a month ago, was disabled over the weekend after the iconic winged wheel showed up on large signs carried by marchers in a white nationalist rally held in Charlottesville, Virginia.
It's not clear if the marchers were members of the group.
The bio information listed for the Detroit Right Wings described it as a “fraternal organization of identitarians located in the state of Michigan.” It is considered a white nationalist movement. The logo also was featured on a Twitter account for another group, the Muskegon Minutemen, that also was removed over the weekend. The Minutemen bio listed it as “alt-right and pro-white.”
The Detroit Red Wings issued a statement Saturday disavowing the logo's use at the rally and threatened legal action. The organization made no further statements on Monday.
Kyle Bristow, an attorney with the Michigan-based Foundation for the Market Place of Ideas, a legal nonprofit that has represented alt-rights groups in court, on Monday said he wasn't familiar with Detroit Right Wings.
Kary Moss, executive director of the American Civil Liberties Union of Michigan, said she had never heard of Detroit Right Wings either.
Heather Heyer, 32, of Virginia was killed at the rally when a car plowed into a group of anti-racist counter-protesters.
Associated Press contributed.
Read or Share this story: http://detne.ws/2w7QlPD
Fairway Injection Molds Inc. (Walnut, CA) and Integrity Mold Inc. (Tempe, AZ) have been acquired by Westfall Technik Inc. (Chandler, AZ), a newly formed, global holding company that provides plastics manufacturing services to the medical, packaging and consumer goods industries. Westfall Technik was founded by Brian Jones, who has 30 years of executive experience in the plastics manufacturing industry, including as president of Nypro Inc. at one time.
These acquisitions are the first steps in the realization of a vision to build a market-leading group of plastics experts whose combined synergies and integrated network provide optimal engineered solutions throughout the plastics manufacturing process.
According to the company's information, Westfall Technik seeks to partner with high-performing plastics solution providers. The company provides 100% inspection and traceability from pellet to pallet and beyond, along with supply chain security compliance.
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Want your partner to be fit? You can be a source of motivation for them as a new research suggests that people who make an effort to lose weight aren't just helping themselves, they may be helping others too.
The findings of the study showed that when one member of a couple commits to losing weight, the chances were good the other partner would lose some weight too, even if they were not actively participating in a weight loss intervention.
"When one person changes their behaviour, the people around them change," said the lead author of the study, Amy Gorin, Professor at the University of Connecticut in the US.
The study also found that the rate at which couples lose weight is interlinked.
For the study, published in the journal Obesity, researchers tracked the weight loss progress of 130 couples over six months. They recorded objective measurements of participants' weight and examined couples' weight loss trajectories over time.
The couples were divided into two groups. In one group, one member of the couple was enrolled in a structured six-month weight loss program that provided in-person counselling and online tools to assist with weight loss.
In the second group, one member of the couple received a four-page handout with information on healthy eating, exercise, and weight control strategies.
Contact with those individuals stopped with the handout.
The results showed that the untreated partners of both, those who tried losing weight on their own and those who participated in the structured program also, exhibited weight loss at three and six months.
The findings could add a new dimension to national guided weight loss programs that have traditionally targeted individuals seeking a healthier lifestyle, the researcher said.
Scientific research on the human brain has yielded some very interesting results. According to the world's foremost experts on the subject, they have made significant progress on the road to understanding human memories. Soon, they expect to be able to not only understand human memories fully but also to manipulate them at will Today's technology is slowly making it possible. And scientists are beginning to realize that, by combining a few different methods, they could come up with radical new solutions to the problem of how to better understand the brain when it comes to handling memories -- how they're made, where they're stored, andAccording to Dr. Alison Preston from the University of Texas memories were always sort of understood -- in the intuitive sense -- even if the mechanisms behind them were still unclear. But now, a number of different approaches might lead directly toFirstly, scientists have recently adapted a nearly two-decade-old discovery that introduced the world to so-called "face cells" -- neurons in the brain that appeared to become highly active when thinking about the face of a certain individual. Face cell activity was seen as an indication that specific neurons are associated directly with certain people's faces. This discovery was used in conjunction with another one, which showed the presence of CREB -- a key protein that appears to be active during learning -- and the effects of boosting it on the formation of memories.To make a long story short,than if they remain as is. Scientists concluded that if it was possible to activate certain groups of neurons prior to learning activities, then it should be possible to specify where exactly certain memories are stored for later remembrance.And what's the next step, assuming that it's already possible to pinpoint the exact location of a memory in the brain? There are signs that point to the possibility ofas a likely outcome, given that it's already known that "reconsolidation" happens during memory recall. Reconsolidating is a term that simply refers to what happens when a person tries to remember certain memories, and theyThis is seen as an opportunity to implant memories, and a team led by Dr. Susumu Tonegawa at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT) have proven that you can be precise with it. In their study, they showed how easy it can be to create an artificial link between a completely benign situation and something scary. That is, they managed to associate a negative reaction to something that's actually harmless.The same team also conducted a later study where they aimed to do the opposite and reversed the associated negative reaction into a positive one . Their success here has shown that-- with the right tools and procedures, that is.That's about as close as you can get to implanting and erasing memories at this point. But of course, researchers are always pushing the limits as to what's possible in this field of research. Soon, it may be pertinent to ask questions regarding the. Are you prepared to live in a world where that's the norm?Read more about new discoveries on the human brain in Brain.news
The offer for Air India sale includes 76% in Air India, 100% stake in Air India Express and 50% in Air India SATS Airport Services. Photo: Abhijit Bhatlekar/Mint
New Delhi: Managers of Air India sale have their fingers crossed as the bidding deadline will expire today evening. There have been no bids so far.
But the government is betting on last-minute flurry of bids, going by the large number of queries it got so far, but a no show by investors will turn out to be a blow to Air India privatisation—seen as the last resort after taxpayer bailouts.
On Wednesday, civil aviation secretary R.N. Choubey said that no bids had been received and that the government expects bids to come in at the last hour. Choubey also told television channels that there was no scope of government extending the 31 May bidding deadline, which was already extended once from 14 May on account of poor response. Last week, the secretary told reporters that the government was not against calling off the Air India sale if bids did not meet expectations.
Some key concerns of investors include the level of management flexibility available to them with the government retaining 24% stake, commitments to be given to protect employees and the level of debt to be retained in the company—Rs24,576 crore excluding net current liabilities—which some find high in comparison to potential future earnings. After the sale, government will enjoy all shareholder rights available to it under law, rather than opting to remain as a minority financial investor.
Industry watchers said that in order to make sure that the Air India sale goes through, the government may have to modify the terms of the disinvestment. Some of the finer aspects of the sale will only be disclosed in the request for proposal (RFP) and in the shareholder agreement that the government will sign with the highest bidder. Investors will not know what these terms would be at the time of putting in their initial expressions of interest by 5pm today.
In case of poor investor interest, the government may have to do a rethink on the terms of disinvestment, said Kinjal Shah, vice president (corporate ratings) at rating agency Icra Ltd.
According to a government official, who spoke on condition of anonymity, potential investors will keep their cards close to themselves till the eleventh hour as information about their bid could influence competition for the asset.
The government had in April invited fresh bids for selling 51% in state-owned helicopter services company Pawan Hans Ltd after cancelling the previous invitation for want of sufficient response. Poor investor interest could be a setback for the government's policy of privatising loss-making, state-owned companies after having explored other options.
The offer for Air India sale includes 76% in Air India Ltd, 100% stake in low-cost international carrier Air India Express Ltd and 50% in Air India SATS Airport Services Pvt. Ltd.
Air India is currently on a bailout approved in 2012, under which it has so far received an equity support of over Rs26,545 crore till 2017.
The unnamed mum wants schools to run ‘52 weeks of the year'. Picture: iStock
The unnamed mum wants schools to run ‘52 weeks of the year'. Picture: iStock
A MOTHER has found herself at the centre of a vicious debate thanks to her controversial suggestion that holidays should become a thing of the past.
The unnamed mum made her bold proposal on the popular parenting forum Mumsnet, where she asked fellow parents, "Why we don't just do away with [school holidays] entirely?"
She also suggested ways her radical school model could be executed.
"Run schools like a regular workplace in that they operate 52 weeks of the year," the mother posted.
"Teachers and students to get four weeks allocated holiday allowance per year and parents can use this at their discretion.
"Staff would be able to be more flexible and they would have more time in the year to teach children at a more realistic pace."
She then asked: "Am I missing why this isn't a genius idea?"
But unsurprisingly, the woman's views have been panned by fellow parents, with many dismissing her idea outright.
"Perhaps because children don't run the same way as adults?" one parent replied, while another argued: "The kids would burn out, never mind the teachers".
Another suggested the proposal would only benefit working parents, at the expense of children.
"School doesn't exist purely to facilitate working parents. The best interests of the kids should be primary," that parent wrote, while another said: "I feel like kids need time just to experience life and grow without being constantly hemmed into school life."
Others pointed out other big flaws in the plan, such as some parents not taking their child's "discretionary" holidays, instead leaving them at school permanently.
Many argued it would be next to impossible for teachers to keep track of which students needed to catch up on schoolwork if all students were able to take breaks at random times.
And several pointed out that the system would strain the government's already stretched budget, as it would then need to fork out extra cash to keep schools running permanently.
But there were some parents who sided with the poster, with some arguing the current system was "detrimental" to kids' wellbeing.
"I actually think you're right in that we should have schools operate in such a way that children and teachers aren't utterly exhausted at the end of term," one parent wrote.
"There's also a lot of evidence that the long summer holiday is detrimental.
"That said, I still think there should be some allocated holidays where kids have a longer time to indulge their interests or just get bored."
ARLINGTON, Va. — Washington Capitals forward Nathan Walker will become the first Australian player to dress in an NHL game when he makes his debut Saturday night against the Montreal Canadiens.
Walker grew up in Sydney after he and his family emigrated from the United Kingdom when he was 2. After his brother Ryan was exposed to the sport, it became clear Nathan had pro potential and he moved to the Czech Republic at age 13 to play minor and then junior hockey.
"It definitely made me a little bit more independent earlier on," Walker said. "I think it just made me mature quicker."
On the ice, Walker said practicing twice a day with HC Vitkovice's under-18 and under-20 teams helped his game mature.
"It's definitely a big jump," Walker said. "You've got a lot more time to work on your skills while you're younger."
Walker has played just seven games in the Australian Ice Hockey League back home. Internationally, he had six points in four games as Australia won the International Ice Hockey Federation World Championship Division II in 2011 and then two assists the next year in the IIHF World Championship Division I.
Walker said he hasn't thought much about being the first Australian to play in the NHL.
"At the end of the day, I'm just another guy on the team, another guy in the league, another guy playing the sport we all love," Walker said.
Walker is no stranger to NHL history. After playing for the United States Hockey League's Youngstown Phantoms and American Hockey League's Hershey Bears, Walker became the first Australian selected in the NHL draft when the Capitals took him in the third round in 2014.
Washington general manager Brian MacLellan has noticed significant strides in Walker's game since then.
A 14-year-old boy is fighting for his life in hospital after being hit by a car in Ripon this morning.
The teenager was walking to school when he was knocked down by a silver car in Clotherholme Road at around 8.45am.
North Yorkshire Police said the boy had suffered serious injuries and was taken to hospital by paramedics.
A spokesman said: "His condition is currently described as critical. His family has been informed and is currently with him in hospital."
Officers want to hear from anyone who witnessed the collision, which happened near the junction of Aislabie Garth.
The spokesman said Clotherholme Road been closed to allow emergency services to deal with the incident and carry out investigations.
"It is likely to stay closed for several hours and drivers are urged to use alternative routes to prevent congestion in the area," he added.
Anyone who witnessed the collision is asked to email Rob.Roberts@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk or call 101, select option 2 and ask for Traffic Constable Rob Roberts.
Please quote incident reference NYP-11122017-0090 when sharing information.
Published:
Share This
The Presidency yesterday said it would deliver to Nigerians about 10,000 megawatts of electricity by December this year, saying President Muhammadu Buhari administration was on course with regard to its electioneering campaign promises.“We have more power in terms of electricity than can be consumed by the DISCOs. We have 2000MW excess of electricity that is not being evacuated. Before the end of the year, we are going to hit 10,000 megawatts from the 2500 megawatts we inherited.‘'The burden by government for now is how do we sell this power? How do we take it to Nigerians who need it,” the Presidency said.Addressing journalists in Abuja, Senior Special Assistant to the President on Media and Publicity, Mallam Garba Shehu, noted that the current tension in the country was because of competing interests, those who wanted to attain power at all costs.According to him: “The problem is that the competition for power in the country has become fiercer and fiercer because the stakes are very high and I will give you one example.“The President has unleashed on the country a war against corruption, the type that has never been seen before. Assets are being recovered from powerful people. The President is lucky that he has a judiciary which is transforming itself and on the same page with the President in fighting corruption.“As I speak with you, you know that two former state governors are in jail. A lot of people thought that this war against corruption is a joke and that the back and forth that has characterized the process over time will continue..“One of the two cases that we are talking about was determined after eleven years of back and forth between lawyers and Judges, kicking the ball from this court to that court. But now, there is a new era in the country with the conclusion of these cases.“A lot of this harsh attack against the President are coming from people who had become used to lifestyle that they can no longer sustain.We have on record that we have people in this country, that because they were influential, they have permanent suites attached to them in Abuja.‘'They will just come, take the key and live lavishly a public expense. When they are leaving, they are accompanied by bags of Ghana must go. The President has blocked access to national resources by lazy people and so, he is being fought not because people are not happy.''Speaking further, he said: “This is a government that is building long delayed infrastructure. This country will be a country of railways. There is no stage in the country where a minimum of two federal roads are not being constructed or being reconstructed.“These things are building up, and I assure you that they will give up. As we inch our ways towards the election, they will continue to fight the President. The happiness that we have is that the ordinary Nigerians understand the huge conspiracy against them and are with the President.‘'The elites are going places, sitting in posh homes around the world, trying to thwart the good will of the President towards the ordinary Nigerians. But this economy is being rebuilded, more foreign investment is coming, more infrastructures are being provided for Nigerians.“Even the security infrastructure which had suffered neglect over the years because all the people attacking the President on this matter, if they had done what need to be done by equipping and training the police, equipping and training the army, this would not have built up to a situation where they will be called upon and found short.”
Jeremy Maclin chose to sign with the Ravens because he believes they can build something special. (0:25)
OWINGS MILLS, Md. -- Wide receiver Jeremy Maclin wanted to take the weekend to decide where he would sign next after admittedly being hurt by his abrupt release from the Kansas City Chiefs.
In the end, he chose the Baltimore Ravens over the Buffalo Bills and Philadelphia Eagles, based on his initial gut feeling.
"When I got a chance to come here and meet all the guys and meet all the coaches, it just felt right," Maclin said Wednesday after his first practice with the Ravens.
Jeremy Maclin said he decided on the joining the Ravens because it felt like a team "that could definitely win and definitely build something special," he said. "From a football standpoint, it made the most sense." Jamison Hensley/ESPN
Baltimore was one of the first teams to contact Maclin after his release on June 2 and heavily recruited him until he signed his two-year, $11 million contract.
Quarterback Joe Flacco texted Maclin during his visit in Buffalo to make sure he would meet with the Ravens. Safety Tony Jefferson invited Maclin to his house to watch Game 3 of the NBA Finals with teammates. Even ex-Ravens wide receiver Steve Smith Sr. talked to Maclin during his trip to the Ravens facility to tell him why he enjoyed playing in Baltimore.
"With me coming here and what was already here, I felt like this was a team that could definitely win and definitely build something special," Maclin said. "From a football standpoint, it made the most sense."
Editor's Picks Breshad Perriman provides brief scare at Ravens minicamp Breshad Perriman, who has had several significant injuries with the Ravens, caused concern by falling to the ground after diving to catch a deep pass.
What Maclin couldn't make sense of was his surprise release from the Chiefs. Kansas City could have designated him as a post-June 1 cut at the start of free agency, allowing Maclin to have more of a market. Instead, the Chiefs waited until June 2 to part ways with Maclin and free up $10 million in cap space.
"Of course it hurt a little bit, just kind of how it went down and it just being so unexpected," Maclin said. "But at the same time, it's a business. You understand how things work. So there was only one choice but to pull it together and get things back on track."
Maclin recorded career lows with 44 receptions, 536 receiving yards and two touchdowns last season. He missed four games because of a groin injury.
His release after two seasons with the Chiefs will serve as motivation.
"Big time, not just to prove them wrong," Maclin said. "You just never want to be in a situation like that again. Don't leave any room for doubt, any room for error. Just go out there and play football. It was some things last year that happened that were out of my control. That's kind of how things go. They kind of took them and ran with it. It is what it is."
ISLAMABAD, Dec 11 (APP):Minister for Interior, Ahsan Iqbal on Monday said creativity and innovation were fundamental drivers of progress and no country could afford to ignore them.
“We are living in a very competitive world and being categorized as least efficient innovator, which is a very serious challenge,” he said this while addressing an International Annual Trans-Eurasia Information Network (TIEN) NOC Workshop-2017 here at Higher Education Commission Auditorium.
The workshop, being held from December 11-15, is organized by Pakistan Education & Research Network (PERN) in collaboration with Asia Pacific Advanced Network (APAN) in order to enhance skills of network engineers and network security capabilities staff.
The workshop is being attended by participants from Bangladesh, Nepal and Sri Lanka.
Ahsan Iqbal, who is also Minister for Planning Development and Reforms said, this is a century of innovations and only those nations are progressing well who have equipped themselves with weapons of knowledge and technology.
He said standards of development had changed and now the development of a country depended upon a few things. “We need to enhance our production capacity and improve our standard continuously. We need to introduce knowledge and information revolution in the country and introduce innovations in all sectors,” he said.
The Minister said Pakistan has huge potential to get place among top 10 economies of the world for which “We need to conduct research on modern technology.”
He said after successful launch of 3G and 4G technology, the government plans to test 5G services in the country soon.
The government, he said, is establishing centres of excellence for artificial intelligence, cybersecurity, big data, cloud computing and robots.
He said that digital Pakistan was aimed at equipping the young generation with modern technology to ensure its effective usage and added that with the provision of 3G and 4G, Pakistan has become the fourth largest freelancing country.
He said many other countries expressed their interest in becoming part of China Pakistan Economic Corridor (CPEC), which is a sign of great change.
“We must put Pakistan on the road to wealth with the help of all areas and segments of the country,” the Minister said. However, it is only possible when we have competitiveness.
In his brief address, Chairman HEC, Dr Mukhtar Ahmed, emphasized the need for promotion of constructive sciences, which lead to welfare of mankind. “Let's work together for the well-being of humanity,” he underlined.
He appreciated the present government for approving the highest number of projects in higher education by doubling HEC budget during last few years. On the occasion, Director APAN, Nimal Ratnayke said Asia Pacific Advanced Network coordinates activities related to network technologies, services, and applications among its members and with its peer international organisations.
APAN is also a key driver in promoting and facilitating network-enabled research and education activities. These include research collaboration, knowledge discovery and sharing, tele-health and natural disaster mitigation.
On the occasion, Ahsan Iqbal inaugurated Events Registration Portal of HEC to provide updates regarding different events. A large number of Information Technology experts and students attended the inaugural ceremony.
Friendly Fire
Khalid Saleem
THE great Alfred Hitchcock once made a film entitled ‘The Birds'. The trailer showed a somber-looking Hitchcock intoning, “Have you gone to the dogs lately? May I suggest you go to the birds, instead?” If Hitchcock were alive today, he may well have considered making a film featuring ‘The Rats'.
Some summers ago, our vigilant media had reported that our Foreign Office had formally approached the Public Procurement Regulatory Authority (PPRA) to help rid its premises of rats that had apparently the run of the hallowed halls of that Ministry. This news hardly came as a surprise, given an environment that has long been over-run by rodents of all genres (no pun intended). One wonders if the problem has since been overcome, what with the commissioning of a brand-new Block and all!
Around the same epoch, media had flashed the news that several planes of Pakistan's national Airline were infested by rats. It was not specified as to rats of what genre made it to the planes in question. They may well have been potential illegal immigrant rodents aiming for greener pastures, or perhaps they could have been rats enjoying ‘dual nationality'. Taking a contemporary view, some may well be carrying a stash of foreign currency to smuggle it to safe havens! Either way, our Airline, that proudly sports the epithet ‘International' as its middle name, apparently has an uncanny appeal for rodents of more than one species.
Rodents, let it be said, happen to be an egalitarian species; no respecters of station or status they! Several moons back, perspicacious readers may well recall, our very own rats were reported to have virtually taken over the Government Secretariat in Islamabad (pun intended!). An item published on the front page of a national newspaper had carried the tidings that rats had the run of the Ministries of the government to the utter consternation of the bureaucratic machinery. This is not to say that the bureaucratic stronghold of the land is not teeming with rats as it is (no pun intended!). But the situation must have been desperate enough to warrant a major headline in the otherwise stringent media.
If the reader has garnered the impression that the situation is peculiar to governmental structures of the Third World, then permit one to humbly clarify that this is definitely not so. Location has little or nothing to do with it. Rodents belong to a hardy and – should one add – a shifty species. Man, with all his technological advances, has yet to come up with a better mousetrap. Meanwhile, rats continue to be one up on man whether he (Man, that is!) likes it or not.
Let us allude to just one example. One is not aware when it was that technology buffs came up with the idea of what is known as ‘Central Air-conditioning'. With this air-conditioning concept was tied up the corollary of a duct complex within the walls and ceilings of the structures in question. The ducts in turn provided comfortable, secure and snug quarters for the rodent species. If nothing else, this may explain how our high-flying bureaucrats have come to share their offices with the lowly rats (pun not intended).
Rodents happen to be versatile creatures. You cannot pin them down to modern structures alone. Even old historical monuments have been known to harbor them. Not so very long ago, one had read in the papers that rats had invaded the kitchens of Buckingham Palace in London, causing understandable anguish to the British Royal Family. The United Nations Headquarters in New York, one learnt again from the vigilant media, has its quota of resident (multilateral?) rats! Rodents, it appears obvious, have a penchant to gravitate towards places where they find the greatest comfort. And if the locale also happens to ensure a limitless supply of food, so much the better! Like the lowly cockroach, rodents too appear to have honed up on the art of survival.
Lore of the West presents the mouse as the biggest bugbear of the fair sex. One often reads about the most fearsome specimens of the female of the species being reduced to the level of frightened kittens at the sight of a rodent. Wives, capable of reducing their hapless spouses to nervous wrecks with a mere cold glance, shriek with horror and jump onto the nearest chair at the mere sight of a tiny mouse. That classical feminine weapon – the rolling pin – wielded with such telling effect against errant husbands, turns to naught at the appearance of the lowly rodent in question.
The Western Mouse is still one up on the Western Female, were the two to meet unexpectedly on the floor of the living room. The latter would still in all probability let out an almighty scream and jump onto the nearest chair, while the former would sit stunned, looking askance at this rather odd behavior. Here it may be relevant to clarify that the female in our part of the world stands out as an exception. Females here, armed with lethal brooms, have been known to chivvy mice around the house in a race to death or escape, whichever comes first. The Rats, meanwhile, quite oblivious of the shenanigans of the human species, continue with their mission, based as it is on the dictum: ‘survival of the fittest'. There is a moral in here for humankind, if only they would pay heed!
— The writer is a former ambassador and former assistant secretary general of OIC.
Email: [email protected]
Related
As much as I love wearing makeup, the skin care-obsessed beauty editor in me cannot wait to take it off as soon as I get home. The thought of heavy foundation, cream blushes, and pigmented eyeshadows soaking into my face hour after hour quite literally makes my skin crawl. For this reason, I always try wearing a primer before applying my makeup, but I hadn't found one that I actually liked to use until Tatcha's Silk Canvas Primer came into my life.
When founder and CEO Vicky Tsai and her team were developing the product, they looked to the traditional geisha's beauty routine (as they do with every one of their products). What was the one makeup essentially every geisha needed in her everyday life? Japanese wax called Bintsuke. When applied, the melted Bintsuke would create a soft, poreless canvas that would help a geisha's makeup last all day and night, while also protecting her skin from all of the makeup she wore. Because applying wax directly onto your face is uncomfortable and not particularly good for the skin, Tatcha decided to modernize the geisha staple with The Silk Canvas.
This primer, which the Tatcha team believes should be the last part of your skin care regimen and the first part of your makeup routine, is exactly that — a skin care-meets-makeup product. It nourishes and treats your skin like a moisturizer or cream, while also prepping your face and blurring imperfections like a primer. This is thanks to the silk extracts, silk powder, botanicals, and Akoya pearl extract that can be found in the multi-tasking formula.
The consistency of the primer is like a balm — velvety and smooth, perhaps like a melted wax would feel. To use it, you are instructed to scoop out a rice grain-sized amount (a little goes a long way), warm it up between your fingers, and massage it gently into your skin on your forehead, cheeks, nose, eyelids — wherever needs priming.
At first, it appears white when you apply it onto your face, but that's actually the pink and gold pearl extracts you're seeing. Once the primer is blended into your skin, the pearl (in addition to the green tea, rice, and algae ingredients) vanishes and creates a healthier, more radiant, and more even skin tone (while also helping to conceal any redness or blemishes). While the primer creates a somewhat dewy, silky appearance on your skin, it also minimizes excess shine, which is great for those with oily skin. And although it feels light and blends easily into your face, you can feel that it's there, creating a protective layer to combat pollutants and prevent any from makeup soaking into your skin and potentially clogging your pores.
Left: Before wearing The Silk Canvas; Right: After applying The Silk Canvas
The Silk Canvas also helps your makeup go on more evenly, whether it's cream, liquid, or powder, and allows products to look more pigmented on your skin. This is especially true for eyeshadows, so not only does the primer help your eye makeup stay put, but it also makes the colors stand out even more than it normally would.
Left: Marc Jacobs eyeshadow directly on skin; Right: Marc Jacobs eyeshadow on Tatcha's Silk Canvas Primer
The Verdict
Using The Silk Canvas has given me peace of mind for those days when I'm wearing makeup for longer than 12 hours, not only because I know my makeup still looks good at the end of the day (it seriously helps your makeup last so much longer than normal) but because I know none of the product is seeping into my skin. My only wish? That it had an SPF built into it. But until they develop one with sunscreen, I'll definitely still be using this one on the regular.
“It was a bigger impact than I was expecting. And our modelling suggests it could have a major impact on population persistence and increases the chances a population could go extinct.”
“Bumblebee queens that were exposed to the pesticide were 26 per cent less likely to lay eggs to start a colony,” Raine said of the research conducted in his lab with researchers from Royal Holloway, University of London.
Nigel Raine, an environmental science professor at the University of Guelph, discovered that thiamethoxam, a major neonicotinoid found in agricultural crops throughout the world, reduced the chances of bumblebee queens starting new colonies by more than a quarter.
A widely used pesticide is placing bumblebee populations at an increased risk of extinction, a new study from an Ontario researcher suggests.
New report says pollution costs Canadian economy ‘tens of billions' each year
Bees are crucial to agriculture. Published reports suggest about a third of the crops eaten by humans depend on insect pollination, with bees responsible for about 80 per cent of that figure.
But bee populations are declining worldwide as scientists try to figure out why. Research has suggested the use of neonicotinoids is among the factors contributing to the declines.
Ontario has taken the lead in North America by placing restrictions on the use of neonicotinoids, while Europe has imposed a moratorium on their use.
Recent research by York University showed neonicotinoids had spilled over from crops such as soy and corn in Ontario and Quebec into plants and wildflowers such as maple trees, dandelions and clover.
Raine wanted to examine the effects thiamethoxam and a common parasite had on the bumblebee queen's ability to set up a colony, a crucial part of a bee's life cycle.
Bumblebee queens, he explained, are quite different from honeybee queens in that they largely do all of the work themselves to start a colony, from foraging to nest building to raising their young before worker bees take over.
While there has been much study of the honeybee, not as much research has been conducted on the bumblebee, Raine said.
In his lab, Raine infected half the bumblebee queens he was studying with a parasite and then placed all the bees in a cold, dark room to force an artificial hibernation. Those that survived hibernation were then split into two more groups, one of which was exposed for two weeks to pesticide-laden pollen at “field realistic” levels found in the wild, he said.
Those queen bees were placed in different nest boxes and monitored for survival and signs of egg laying.
“There was very little effect of the parasite in our experiment,” Raine said.
But he did find a substantial impact on egg laying.
“We are trying to link all this up to the broader ecology and life history of these organisms,” Raine said.
He took that new data and plugged it into mathematical models to see what would happen over time.
“We're seeing a substantial increase of the likelihood of them not surviving over a longer period of time and that's obviously a serious concern with the current patterns of usage of these chemicals.”
If anything, Raine said, his study is conservative, considering he only examined the effects of one pesticide and one parasite, whereas there are many other factors in the wild that play a role in the bumblebee's health, including disease and habitat destruction.
Whether you're a productivity machine or still hate the feeling of typing on an on-screen keyboard, the BlackBerry KEY2 and its excellent physical keyboard are here to save the day.
There's no doubt that the KEY2's keyboard is the star of the show, but don't forget about its 4.5-inch touchscreen display. It's sharp, crisp, and works well in most situations, but a few nasty scratches will leave you wishing you'd put on a screen protector.
If you want to cover up your KEY2's display so that it stays safe and sound, these are the screen protectors we recommend picking up!
The night before, controversial goals were allowed against the Jets in Winnipeg and the St. Louis Blues in Boston where goalies were contacted before the puck went into the net.
At least that was the feeling players expressed Friday as the Anaheim Ducks and Montreal both practised at the Canadiens' training centre.
BROSSARD, QUE.—If fans are confused about what constitutes goaltender interference in the NHL, well so are the players.
“I've always just tried to get to the top of my crease and wherever I set up, that should be my area.”
“It's just one of those sports rules that you can't really lay a concrete foundation, I suppose,” he said. “You can only have guidelines, but whenever you have a guideline, there's always that grey area.
There is plenty of room for interpretation by officials on interference in the NHL rulebook. Phrases like “incidental contact” can be read in different ways depending on the play. Price said the league has done a good job of penalizing skaters who crash into goalies, but in cases when a goal can be allowed or called back, it's often a toss-up.
The league is looking for answers. The topic was raised at a board of governors meeting at the all-star game in Tampa last weekend, and commissioner Gary Bettman and senior vice-president Colin Campbell had a separate meeting with coaches, general managers and referees who were in town for the game. In the previous week, stars Connor McDavid of Edmonton and Auston Matthews of Toronto were involved in disputed calls.
A memo was circulated around the league saying officials should watch the play at normal speed and, unless an obvious foul pops up, the original call on the ice should stand.
That should speed up the process, and perhaps fix some of the more egregious incidents, but likely won't end the howls of protest from players and coaches when a decision goes against their team. And goalies are now wondering if they need to start embellishing contact to get the officials attention.
In Winnipeg, goalie Connor Hellebuyck was slashed on the mask by James Neal as Vegas' Erik Huala scored. In Boston, goalie Jake Allen was swept out of his crease by a sliding Jake DeBrusk, leaving an open net for David Krejci.
“I can take a stick to the face, but just because I don't throw my head back and make it obvious, I feel like I got kind of screwed on this,” Hellebuyck lamented after the game.
There was consternation in Edmonton in May when Corey Perry backed into Cam Talbot just as a goal was scored that helped Anaheim come back from a two-goal deficit for a key Game 4 win in their second round playoff series.
Perry also has no idea what will or won't be called, but won't stop going to the net looking for goals.
“It can go any way on any given night,” said Perry. “It is what it is and you just keep pushing forward.
“You have to score and you have to go to those areas to score. If it doesn't go your way you move on. I think in the end they even out but you might not be happy on a given night.”
Former NHL goalie Brian Hayward, the analyst on Ducks' broadcasts, has noticed something of a pattern to the calls.
“Where I see the interference being called is when the goalie is being aggressive,” said Hayward. “We had an incident with the Ducks (Thursday) night where Bobby Ryan had both skates in the crease, but Ryan Miller didn't make it look like he was trying to get to the top of the crease.
“You almost have to do that now — to fight for your space. I don't know if embellishing it a bit helps or not, but I know that the hyper-aggressive goaltenders like Jon Quick in Los Angeles, who like to play in front of the crease, seem to get the calls a lot more than the guys that play a little more passively.”
Montreal forward Brendan Gallagher, who likes to park near the crease, recognizes there may be no clear-cut way to interpret the rules, but says there is a way for the calls to be consistent.
“To me it feels like an easy solution,” said Gallagher. “Right now, there's a call on the ice and it's a different person making the decision every night when the refs look at it.
“That's where the inconsistencies come from. If you just have one or two people sitting in an office in Toronto watching the games and they make the final decision, you'll start to see more consistency because they'll have the same viewpoint on the rule.
“It isn't something that's black and white, but if it's the same person making the decision over and over, you'll start to get more consistency and players will start to understand it.”
HELLO and welcome to our latest instalment of Football Today, bringing you all the football news from Barnsley, Bradford City, Doncaster Rovers, Huddersfield Town, Hull City, Leeds United, Middlesbrough, Rotherham United, Sheffield United and Sheffield Wednesday and beyond.
Keep coming back here for all the big stories from Yorkshire and beyond throughout the day and refreshing the page to get the latest updates.
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
His shock departure has elicited a huge response from fans.
But Brendan Cole has received little comfort from his fellow Strictly Come Dancing professionals.
In fact, insiders say he's had virtually no messages of support from the other choreographers on the hit series.
Currently, only a handful have offered their well-wishes, including Neil Jones, Oti Mabuse and Janette Manrara.
Meanwhile, the others - including Kevin Clifton and Giovanni Pernice - have all remained silent.
A source told The Sun : “Not one of Brendan's colleagues came out in support of him, and it didn't go unnoticed.
"Over the years the pro dancers have been on Twitter hundreds of times posting messages about celebrities and professionals as they've left.
“For no one to say anything about Brendan who has been on the show since Day One felt like a real snub.
“He might not have expected anything from the judges for obvious reasons — it's well known he clashed with them regularly.
“But many of the pros have known him for years, so that hurts.”
(Image: Getty)
(Image: Getty Images Europe)
However, he has received public support from other stars who've had brushes with the show.
Arlene Phillips posted a message to Twitter which said: 'Showing my support for my favourite bad boy of ballroom. I know what you're going through!'.
Actor Davood Ghadami said: "Such a pleasure to know Brendan Cole. During my time on Strictly he was supportive, creative and always passionate.
"True gent with incredible ability and im sure a bright future."
Helen George added: "Brendan, so sorry to hear about bbcstrictly. You were so brilliant and kind when I was part of it!
"And as a contestant and viewer I found your honesty refreshing. You'll be sorely missed my friend!".
Seagate has fired a new Barracuda SSD at the home server, PC and notebook disk replacement markets.
It's a 6Gbit/s SATA SSD in a 2.5-inch form factor, with capacities ranging from 250GB, through 500GB and 1TB, up to 2TB. The performance claims up to 90,000 random read IOPS, 540MB/sec sequential read and 520MB/sec sequential write. Seagate has not revealed random write IOPS.
These are on a par with Seagate's Nytro 141 SSD, introduced a year ago, with the same 6gig SATA interface, TLC (3bits/cell) 3D NAND and capacities up to 1TB.
We might assume Seagate's supplier has bumped up the 3D NAND layer count to double the capacity.
The Nytro 141 did up to 92,000/88,000 random read/write IOPS, which seems respectable enough and not much skewed in favour of reads over writes. We wouldn't expect the Barracuda SSD to be much different.
The drive can sustain up to 1,092TB written over its life and has a 5-year warranty. That equates to, we calculate, 0.6 drive writes per day (using 4 x 365 and 1 x 366 days/year) at the 2TB capacity level.
It has 1.8-million-hour mean time between failures, a useful increase on the Nytro 141's 1.5 million hours, and an ultra-low power mode.
Seagate's Barracuda brand now includes both disk drives and SSDs, with the Barracuda Pro disk drive capacities ranging from 2TB to 12TB.
Prices start at $79.99 (£74.99) for 250GB, going up to $249.99 (£229.99) for the 1TB. We have no dollar tag for the 2TB model but its UK price is set at £449.99.
Seagate said it will become generally available in September.
A fairly uninformative data sheet can be found here (PDF). ®
Sponsored: Minds Mastering Machines - Call for papers now open
Times Leader parent company to sell 17 daily newspapers
Video shows Penn State frat pledge in agony after fall BELLEFONTE, Pa. (AP) — Prosecutors on Monday played videotape from inside a Penn State fraternity that showed a pledge suffering through an agonizing night from untreated injuries sustained in a fall during an alcohol-fueled event as his friends failed to call for help. (read more)
Area public pools gearing up for summer Area public pools and swimming areas will open for the summer over the coming weeks, though not all will beat the official start of the season June 21. (read more)
TLC, Coolio and more set to play Montage in August SCRANTON — The '90s are back. Packed with classic hip-hop and R&B acts including TLC, Coolio and Tone Loc, the “I Love the '90s — The Party Continues Tour,” rolls into the Pavilion at Montage Mountain (read more)
Wyoming County church leaders offer support in wake of grocery store shooting TUNKHANNOCK — The Rev. Mike Conroy scrapped his sermon Sunday. In the wake of a mass shooting Thursday, just minutes from his church, Grace Fellowship on Route 29, the congregation spent time praying and looking for meaning in the tragedy (read more)
Diocese of Scranton honors longtime couples at Mass Bishop Joseph C. Bambera celebrated the Wedding Anniversary Mass on Sunday at St. Peter's Cathedral in Scranton for couples celebrating their 25th or 50th years of marriage in 2017. (read more)
Ex-Luzerne County teacher gets up to 2 years for sex with students WILKES-BARRE — When it came time for former Coughlin High School teacher Robert Havard to be sentenced Tuesday afternoon for having sexual relations with two teenage students, more than two dozen supporters lined up at the bench to ask the judge for mercy. (read more)
Dunmore to add request for AG to review sewer sale DUNMORE — Borough council will ask the state attorney general's office to review the $195 million sale of the Scranton Sewer Authority to Pennsylvania American Water amid lingering questions about millions of dollars in legal fees surrounding the transaction. (read more)
Scranton School Board increases incentive options for employees With nearly four dozen teachers and paraprofessionals preparing to retire next week with an incentive, the Scranton School District wants to shrink its workforce even more. (read more)
Scranton store owner describes robbery, getting shot at A gunman robbed a dollar store Monday morning in the Green Ridge Plaza and fired two shots at the store owner who pursued him, Scranton police said. (read more)
On Dec. 21, masked robbers allegedly entered Canna Clinic on Ossington Ave. and cleaned it out of cash and marijuana. ( Bernard Weil/Toronto Star )
Justin was paying at the counter of his local dispensary when he says about four masked men - one with a gun - burst through the door, screaming for him to get on the ground. The alleged holdup happened around 10 p.m. Dec. 21 at the Canna Clinic on Ossington Ave. according to Justin, who said police told him not to publish his full name in the interest of his own safety. About 20 customers and eight staff members flattened themselves to the ground as the robbers cleaned the dispensary out of cash and marijuana, Justin said. “I was petrified,” he said. “Everything was stripped when they were gone.” When the ordeal was over, Justin said he left, assuming staff would call the police. But when he went by Thursday morning, he was surprised to find that wasn't the case.
Article Continued Below
When he asked about the robbery at the counter, he said the staff either claimed they didn't know about a robbery or denied outright that it had happened. After an employee finally admitted that a robbery had taken place, Justin said he asked if they'd called the police. The employee responded, “‘no comment,'” said Justin. So Justin and a friend who does not want to be identified and was with him during the alleged robbery reported the incident to police themselves.
Toronto defence lawyer Paul Lewin says that recent police raids on storefront pot dispensaries across Toronto are creating a situation where dispensary operators are left without the police protection they deserve.
Staff answering phones at two Toronto Canna Clinic locations refused to answer questions about the alleged hold up. ( Bernard Weil/Toronto Star )
“It's kind of like we're saying you don't deserve the protection of society because you're involved with a dispensary. That's the effect of it,” Lewin said. In May, Toronto police started cracking down on storefront marijuana dispensaries, raiding 43 shops and laying drug charges against close to 90 people. Prime Minister Justin Trudeau, meanwhile, has pledged to introduce legislation in 2017 that will legalize and regulate the sale of marijuana. The Toronto raids continued in August, when a dispensary operated by prominent pot-legalization advocates Marc and Jodie Emery, was shut down. Lewin, whose website says he specializes in “cannabis law,” said these raids are creating a climate of fear that pushes the soon-to-be-legal pot business into dangerous shadows. “With the dispensary crackdown I'm hearing about dispensaries having to go farther underground,” Lewin said. “Now instead of having a storefront they're on the second floor, or they're down a back alley or you have to know someone to get it.” It makes the whole thing less transparent, and less safe, Lewin said. Canna Clinic is part of a chain with locations in Ontario and British Columbia. Staff answering the phones at two Toronto Canna Clinic locations refused to answer The Star's questions about the alleged hold up. Though perhaps the dispensary didn't want police attention after this summer's raids, Justin said he believes staying silent would put other customers at risk. If law enforcement doesn't get involved, he said, what's to stop the robbers from coming back? “What if someone got hurt or something went wrong, who knows?” he said. “This is my neighbourhood, this is my community. I want to feel safe… We're talking guns here.” Toronto Police Services spokeswoman Caroline de Kloet confirmed that Canna Clinic had not reported a robbery Wednesday night, but that someone who said they witnessed one had come forward since. De Kloet said police are still trying to confirm whether or not it had actually taken place. Police said they canvassed Canna Clinic and nearby businesses looking for security footage. In light of the alleged robbery and the store's silence, Justin said he feels as if a regular drug dealer might be safer than the dispensary - ironic, considering safety was one of the reasons he started going to Canna Clinic in the first place. “I don't think I will (go back),” he said. “I don't like that. It gives me bad vibes now.” With files from Jesse Winter
Read more about:
The Broncos defeated the Jets in historic fashion in Week 14, snapping an eight-game losing streak. Unfortunately, the win was too little too late.
Because the best possible record Denver could end up with is 7-9, the team has already been eliminated from the playoffs. There are eight AFC teams with seven wins, and there's only room for six teams in the playoffs.
Even if those teams lost their remaining games and the Broncos won out, Denver would miss out on the postseason thanks to tiebreakers.
The Broncos' three remaining games will essentially be exhibition contests. Denver will play the Colts (3-10) on Thursday before facing the Redskins (5-8) on Christmas Eve and closing out the season against the Chiefs (7-6) on New Year's Eve.
The Broncos' won't intentionally try to tank, which they proved on Sunday, but winning may actually do more harm than good. Denver could select as high as No. 2 overall in next year's draft if the team loses.
Harvey Weinstein listens during a court proceeding in New York. Picture: AP
Harvey Weinstein listens during a court proceeding in New York. Picture: AP
HARVEY Weinstein will not testify before a grand jury reviewing rape and sex-assault allegations against him, according to a statement released by his representatives.
The New York Post reports that the disgraced movie mogul made the decision based "on the advice of his attorneys," the statement says.
"After being unfairly denied access to critical information about this case that was needed to defend him before the grand jury, Mr. Weinstein's attorneys decided that there was not sufficient time to properly prepare Mr. Weinstein," the statement says.
Weinstein, 66, was charged on Friday in two alleged sex attacks in Manhattan in 2004 and 2013.
Harvey Weinstein (L) and fashion designer wife Georgina Chapman. Picture: Getty
More than 80 women have publicly accused him of sexual misconduct from harassment to rape.
Weinstein, who has retained veteran criminal lawyer Benjamin Brafman, has denied engaging in any "non-consensual sexual conduct."
This article originally appeared in the New York Post and is republished here with permission
Kim Simonsson: Shaman Party
at Jason Jacques Gallery ( www.jasonjacques.com ) in New York, New York, through November 7.
Mano-Made: New Expression in Craft by Gerardo Monterrubio
at The Craft in America Center ( www.craftinamerica.org/center ) in Los Angeles, California, through November 25.
Cup: The Intimate Object XIII
at Charlie Cummings Gallery ( www.charliecummingsgallery.com ) in Apex, North Carolina, through November 3.
The Narrative Figure
at Santa Fe Clay ( www.santafeclay.com ) in Santa Fe, New Mexico, through November 11.
Sanam Emami Solo Exhibition
at In Tandem Gallery ( www.intandemgallery.com ) in Bakersville, North Carolina, through November 31.
Tempered Beasts
at Northern Clay Center ( www.northernclaycenter.org ) in Minneapolis, Minnesota, through November 5.
Blood and Iron
at Abel Contemporary Gallery ( www.abelcontemporary.com ) in Paoli, Wisconsin, through November 5.
Contemporary Ceramics 2017
at The Dairy Barn Arts Center ( www.dairybarn.org ) in Athens, Ohio, through November 22.
WNC Pottery Festival
( www.wncpotteryfestival.com ) on Front St. in Dillsboro, North Carolina, November 4.
Reinvented
at Clay Art Center ( www.clayartcenter.org ) in Port Chester, New York, through November 11.
British Ceramics Biennial
( www.britishceramicsbiennial.com ) at various locations in Stoke-on-Trent, England, through November 5.
Unpleasant Conversations
at Honolulu Museum of Art ( honolulumuseum.org ) in Honolulu, Hawaii, through November 12.
Nature/Nuture: Norman and Alisa Holen
at Northern Clay Center ( www.northernclaycenter.org ) in Minneapolis, Minnesota, through November 5.
Bay Area Clay—A Legacy of Social Consciousness
at Arts Benicia ( http://artsbenicia.org ) in Benicia, California, through November 19.
Subscriber Extras: Images
Contemporary Ceramics 2017
at The Dairy Barn Arts Center ( www.dairybarn.org ) in Athens, Ohio, through November 22.
Tempered Beasts
UK shareholder adviser Manifest, a relatively small competitor to US giant ISS, is looking for a rescue buyer after falling into administration at the weekend.
According to a statement from the company, Jeremy Willmont and Neville Side, partners at accountancy firm Moore Stephens, have been appointed as administrators and will attempt to find a buyer. The company will continue trading in the meantime.
Manifest,...
Are you interested in amateur astronomy but don't want to invest too much in an expensive telescope? Those constellations won't just observe themselves! You need a portable telescope you can store in your car or easily pack on all your camping trips.
If that describes you, you need this deal from Android Central Digital Offers can! Get a 90x monocular telescope with an included tripod for only $54.99. You can use it for stargazing at night, or for observing the natural world around you with the included 50mm optical glass objective lens. That means you'll be able to use this telescope in low lighting conditions.
Here are the full specs for this 17-inch long telescope:
Refractive/focal length: 360mm
Optical aperture: 50mm
Theory resolutions: 2.000 arc seconds
Oblique mirror: 90º
Max magnification: 90x
This kit includes a couple different eyepieces to try out — just don't look at the sun! Save 72% off this telescope and test out astronomy for yourself!
See at Android Central Digital Offers
“Equity takes nothing away from the students who are already thriving in the education system; rather, it creates supports for those the system is currently failing.”
“Currently the system works well for some students and not others,” states the report, which was amended following public input that included more than 5,000 online submissions.
But the revised report from the enhancing equity task force, which will be voted on by trustees at their Wednesday night board meeting, says those programs won't be taken away.
The report from the Toronto District School Board, aimed at ensuring all students have equal access to special programs regardless of where they live or their socioeconomic or racial backgrounds, generated controversy after a draft released in October sparked fear it could spell the end of options ranging from specialty schools to gifted classrooms.
A task force at Canada's largest school board has changed an equity report that prompted backlash from parents and students over the future of special education and arts-based schools, with no immediate plans to eliminate programs.
“Not all special education students will benefit from full inclusion,” stressed Shellie Suter, chair of the learning disabilities parent group at Northern Secondary School, after reading the revised equity report.
However, some parents still fear the TDSB's plan to include more special ed students in regular classrooms could jeopardize the success of many who are gifted or learn differently .
It calls for a review of special education, which includes gifted programs, with a focus on integrating more students into regular classrooms and “retaining congregated sites while exploring options to include special education at a home school.”
“Choice should be preserved for parents to choose what's best for their child,” said Suter, who has a son in Grade 11 in a program that provides smaller classes and extra help for students with learning disabilities.
While those programs will continue, she said it's still uncertain whether families will always have access and be informed that they have the option of choosing congregated classes like those offered at Northern Secondary, where 400 students are in the gifted program and another 400 have learning disabilities.
However trustee Shelley Laskin said the report is clear that a range of choices will continue, from inclusive classrooms that accommodate children with special ed needs to classrooms and schools specifically for those who are gifted or have other special ed needs in a smaller and more supported environment.
“I see no plan to dismantle congregated gifted programs,” she said Monday.
Her remarks echoed a promise made in an interview last month by TDSB director John Malloy, who pledged that families will always be able to choose the best option for their children.
But parents like Suter say they worry special ed students will be “collateral damage” amid the push towards inclusion and the recommendation to destream Grades 9 and 10 courses, which will remove the option for kids to enrol in smaller applied-level classes.
The report calls for phasing out applied courses in those grades over the next three years “to allow a majority” of students to take academic-level classes, which are required for university.
If the report is approved, plans will be made in the new year about which recommendations can be implemented and how. Malloy is to present his proposals for the next steps at a Jan. 31 board committee meeting, where members of the public will be able to put forth their ideas or objections.
Concerns over special education voiced by parents and some teachers reflect a larger debate as the TDSB and other boards move towards a more inclusive model of education that includes learners of all kinds in regular classrooms. They worry too many children are being integrated without the resources and staff they need to help them learn, which puts them and their peers at risk.
The shift to inclusion cannot be seen as a cost-cutting measure because it actually requires more investment in additional classroom staff who are essential to help kids learn, says Nigel Barriffe, a TDSB special education teacher who is currently working for the Toronto local of the Elementary Teachers' Federation of Ontario.
“On the ground, on the frontlines, that is not happening,” says Barriffe, who is also president of the Urban Alliance on Race Relations and agrees with the report's broader focus on making all programs more accessible to students across the city.
But he warns that failure to provide proper classroom resources has led to too many children floundering, waiting months for assessments and frustrated students with behaviour problems acting out violently in classrooms — an issue that has been the subject of a campaign by the teachers' union.
The TDSB's Special Education Advisory Committee (SEAC) has introduced a number of motions in the last 18 months aimed at pushing the board to adopt more inclusive programs for students with special needs, arguing the TDSB has significantly more congregated classes than its other Ontario counterparts.
But last week, local parent Melissa Rosen moved a motion, passed by the committee, which stressed the need for families to have a range of choices to meet the diverse special education needs of children.
Other changes in the revised equity report included removing a controversial recommendation that had called for phasing out specialty schools such as the board's six arts-based schools and instead creating those options within clusters of schools throughout the city so kids can access them closer to home.
That raised hackles among families who feared it would also mean the end of other programs like the TOPS science program or international baccalaureate, though the TDSB vowed it will not close those.
But the revised report does call for a review of specialty programs to identify barriers, making sure all kids have access and to ensure that optional attendance — which allows students to apply for schools outside their neighbourhoods — is applied fairly.
Have your say
Police are appealing for witnesses following a serious crash near Hull earlier today.
Emergency services were called to Boothferry Road, Howden at around 2.30am where there had been a collision between a pedestrian and a white Peugeot 208 between the Howden Spur roundabout and the Hailgate roundabout.
A man suffered serious injuries and was taken to hospital for treatment.
Humberside Police is asking anyone who saw the collision to call 101 quoting log number 48 of 04/07/18.
Islamabad
The ministry of national food security and research has evolved comprehensive policy measures to work for development of agriculture sector under China Pakistan Economic Corridor (CPEC) to boost exports of agricultural products, enhance per acre yield of major crops, and produce high-tech value added products of international standards. The measures are part of “National Food Security Policy” launched by Minister for National Food Security Sikandar Hayat Khan Bosan here the other day.
Under the policy measures, the ministry will prepare feasibility reports of trad-able commodities for each sub zone along the corridor, and will do pilot testing of rural businesses for the identified commodities and coordination for development of business zones along the corridor. The government will also arrange a series of training programs aimed at capacity building of rural entrepreneurs and agricultural service providers.
Similarly, innovations for quality production, post harvest handling and processing will be introduced and investment portfolios will also be developed for public private partnerships to promote rural businesses. Business models will be developed to promote value added agriculture all along CPEC route whereas special focus would be given on modern production and market infrastructure development for grain and fruit crops, fisheries, livestock and livestock products.
China is second largest importer in the world with overall imports of $1966 billion including food imports worth of over $100 billion. Pakistan's share in Chinese imports is only $2.93 billion while in food imports, the Pakistani share is only around 1 percent. China-Pakistan economic corridor (CPEC) has provided an opportunity to increase trade on the principles of complimentary advantages and mutual benefits.
According to official sources, the key areas for agricultural economic and technical cooperation between China and Pakistan will be determined by fully considering the comparative advantage and cooperation needs.
The commodities that can be potentially exported to China include cereals, dairy eggs, honey, live animals, tobacco, meat, sea more than 40 commodities identified across the corridor for promoting rural businesses through developing entrepreneurship, processing zones, skilled manpower and modern market infrastructure. The corridor crosses through the nine agro-ecologies.—APP
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
A multinational company plans to purchase one of Lackawanna County's largest private employers.
Cognizant, with its world headquarters in Teaneck, New Jersey, has begun the process of acquiring TMG Health, a Conshohocken-based company that services Medicare and Medicaid plans for the government and now employs 1,100 people at its Jessup Operations Center.
TMG also employs about 640 work-from-home employees, with large share of them from the local area.
Josh Blumenthal, TMG's vice president of communications, said it's too early to say whether the acquisition will mean more or fewer jobs from the Jessup site.
“It's premature to discuss that,” he said. “At this point we are focused on announcing the transaction and beginning the integration process.”
Both companies will remain separate until the transaction closes, Blumenthal said, which is to happen in the third quarter, pending regulatory review.
The purchase price was not disclosed.
“This transaction is about an opportunity to bring together TMG Health's wealth of government health care business expertise and experience together with Cognizant's exceptional business expertise,” Blumenthal said.
Cognizant plans to buy TMG from its current parent company, Health Care Service Corp., which has owned the company since 2008.
As part of the acquisition, TMG will enter into a multi-year service agreement to continue work for HCSC.
The Fortune 500 company Cognizant provides professional services to companies in a full slate of industries to make their operations more efficient, according its website.
Officials on both sides of the pending deal touted how well TMG bolsters Cognizant's existing services for government and public health markets.
“Government business lines are expanding, and more payers, big and small, are entering the market,” TMG President and CEO Susan Rawlings Molina said in a statement. “We believe there is a growing opportunity for our experienced teams to work together to help current and future clients succeed in highly regulated, cost- and compliance-driven markets.”
Contact the writer:
joconnell@timesshamrock.com; 570-348-9131;
@jon_oc on Twitter
As Wall Street stays closed for Independence Day, the rest of the global markets are preparing for a trade war.
The US will release its $34 billion in tariffs against Chinese products on Friday, which will reportedly spark retaliation from the eastern country. Donald Trump is also looking at slapping EU autos with a 20 per cent tariff.
According to reports, dozens of countries have brought their concern to the World Trade Organization. But, even the WTO may not be safe as Trump has voiced his displeasure with how the US is treated by the trade authority.
The price of US crude is backing down from a 75 dollar milestone yesterday, steady at 73-75 a barrel this morning.
The Loonie is just above 76 cents US.
Marijuana isn't the only green gold making its mark across the globe. Analysts say Avocado sales are hitting a record high especially in Europe and China. The interest in the fruit has spiked the price of the product and caused crime waves in Chile as gangs in the country attempt to cash in on the hot streak.
NEW YORK DAILY NEWS – MEGAN CERULLO
The Arizona man who sold 720 rounds of tracer ammunition to Las Vegas massacre gunman Stephen Paddock was charged with manufacturing armor-piercing bullets Friday.
The unfired bullets were recovered from Paddock's Mandalay Bay hotel room.
Fingerprints linked the bullets to Haig, who was not licensed to manufacture armor-piercing ammunition, according to a complaint filed Friday in federal court in Phoenix.
Haig was charged just before he held a news conference Friday.
He told reporters that his customer was well dressed, polite, and didn't raise any suspicions.
YERUSHALAYIM -
Monday, December 11, 2017 at 8:04 am |
A pomegranate plantation in Kfar Harif, a moshav in south-central Israel. (Gershon Elinson/Flash90)
A decade after it was implemented, the Agriculture Ministry said that a project to reduce the amount of pesticides in Israeli produce has seen usage drop by over 60 percent. The Ministry said that tests of produce from farms throughout the country reflected the drop in use of chemical pesticides, with farmers replacing them with “biological pesticides.”
Biological pesticides are based on natural products, such as grasses and insects, that fight off infestation of plants and crops. Several Israeli start-ups have produced natural pesticides that are based, for example, on desert plants and weeds which contain natural elements that ward off pests. The Ministry's project started out as a small pilot at a farm in Beit She'an decade ago, the Ministry said, but proved to be so successful that it quickly spread throughout the country.
Another tactic used is the use of owls to “defend” fields. Thousands of owls are now stationed at farms around the country, and as it happens, owls are fond of the specific pests that generally plague Israeli produce, the Ministry said.
According to Dr. Yoav Motro, who heads the project, the success of Israel's use of biological pesticides has made country a world leader in the area. “As a result, Israel has had important opportunities to work with countries around the world in implementing our know-how, including Jordan, the Palestinian Authority, Cyprus, Switzerland, Spain and Italy, among others,” he said.
ISLAMABAD : The Supreme Court (SC) on Tuesday assured former finance minister Ishaq Dar of protective bail in a case challenging his Senate seat and ordered him to appear before the court.
The three-judge bench, headed by Chief Justice of Pakistan (CJP) Mian Saqib Nisar, resumed hearing of the petition moved by Pakistan Peoples Party (PPP) candidate Nawazish Pirzada against Lahore High Court's (LHC) verdict allowing Dar to submit his nomination papers for the Senate election.
LHC order allowing Dar to contest Senate election challenged in SC
Dar's counsel, Salman Aslam Butt, was present in court. “Salman Aslam, where is Ishaq Dar?” questioned the CJP. “Dar is ill and currently in another country,” replied Butt, however, at this, the top judge remarked, “He can't be ill enough to not show up when summoned.”
Butt also submitted a medical certificate on Dar's behalf, which was rejected by the court. The chief justice instructed Dar's counsel to submit Dar's reply by 8pm on Tuesday.
The CJP then said that the notice issued to Dar earlier had directed him to appear before the top court under any circumstances. Butt responded saying that he would have to confirm with Dar whether he can appear in court. “You may inquire from him, our chambers are open till 8 pm tonight,” the CJP remarked.
“Ishaq Dar is well enough to visit the Supreme Court today,” the top judge remarked again.
In March, the apex court issued a notice to Dar over a plea against the Lahore High Court's (LHC) verdict to allow his nomination papers for the Senate election.
The three-judge bench had questioned whether in the prevailing circumstances he would be eligible to contest elections. Babar Sattar was appointed amicus in this case.
The petition contends that an absconder cannot contest elections.
“The apex court has categorically declared that a fugitive from law loses his normal rights granted under the substantive as well as procedural laws,” reads the petition.
Orignally published by INP
Get Liverpool FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Liverpool are plotting a swoop for Espanyol star Marc Navarro, according to Mundo Deportivo.
The Reds are believed to be keeping a close eye on the right-back, who has broken into the Espanyol team this year.
Navarro, 21, has recently been promoted to Espanyol's senior ranks having played for their B team since 2014.
The Spaniard is believed to have a £21.3million release clause in the contract which he has recently signed, which is set to keep him at the La Liga club until 2021.
Navarro stands over six foot tall and is a presence in the air - as well as being an attacking threat in a wing-back role.
We have let Klopp down, says Henderson
(Photo: Liverpool FC/Getty Images)
Jordan Henderson has admitted Liverpool have let their manager and supporters down with their dismal start to 2017, writes Mirror Football's Liam Corless.
The Reds delivered their best performance of the year to date to beat Spurs on Saturday - their first Premier League victory since New Year's Eve.
Before then, Liverpool had won just once in 10 matches to crash out of two cup competitions and lose serious ground in the title race.
Henderson is confident Liverpool have turned a corner but knows their dismal displays in January weren't good enough.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now Watch this video again Video will play in Klopp warns a journalist his battery his low - but jokes that LFC's are not! Share this video Watch Next
“As players we take the responsibility as we feel as though we have let ourselves down, the manager down and the fans down," the England midfielder said.
“Putting in that performance against Spurs doesn't make up for it, but it is a start and a step in the right direction. Now we have to build on that and keep going.”
Liverpool jet out this week for a mid-season break at La Manga in Spain, where Klopp is hoping to build the fitness levels and team spirit to support a late season charge.
Mane thanks Liverpool fans after his AFCON heartache
(Photo: Getty Images)
Liverpool winger Sadio Mane has revealed support from Reds fans has helped him get over his AFCON heartache.
Mane missed the decisive penalty as Senegal exited at the quarter-final stage.
Reports in his homeland report Mane's home was attacked after the game with the winger returning to Liverpool shortly after the defeat.
But having scored twice in the win over Tottenham , he has revealed how he has been lifted by the club's fans.
“I want to thank all the supporters for what they have done for me,” he told the Liverpool Echo.
(Photo: AFP)
“I was very happy to hear that when I came off against Tottenham. Having that support means so much. It has really lifted me since I came back.
“They give the team so much. I know that sometimes it hasn't been easy for them but they are always behind us and always pushing us. We try to give our best for them."
Liverpool won just one of the seven matches Mane missed during his international commitments in Gabon.
After what seemed to be an endless winter, a few signs of spring are finally sprouting up in the entertainment scene. In Springfield, this means that the Uno Pizzeria & Grill will start its summer courtyard music series, offering music seven nights a week.
The entertainment starts April 30 and runs through Sept. 2. (The series continues in abbreviated form through Sept. 30, Thursday through Sundays only.)
Each week kicks off on Monday with the acoustic favorites from Smith & Ingram. The acoustic vibe continues Tuesdays with Ric & Amy, who also play with the band Emotion.
On Wednesdays, Eagle Eyes play contemporary hits for all ages, while Thursdays bring the classic hits of Good Acoustics to the Uno stage. The weekend starts with the Tom Ingram Playing modern and classic rock, and continues with 1220
showcasing an array of classic rock, pop and top-40 hits.
The weeks round out with the Ethel Lee Ensemble playing jazz, blues and standards.
The music runs 6-10 p.m. each night, weather permitting. Uno is at 820 Hall of Fame Ave.
Scouting Report
If you wanted to learn about all the microbes in the Earth's crust, you might google the topic. If you wanted to learn about Google, well ... you might google the topic. Luckily this month's edition of Nerd Nite Northampton on May 14 at The Deuce will save you the trouble as Google and the Earth's crust are the two areas being discussed by local experts.
During her talk, "Life in the Earth's hot, dark crust," Begum Topcuoglu will discuss how 20 percent of Earth's microbes live in Earth's crust. She will cover how these microbes live there, what they eat, whether they cooperate with one another or compete for resources and what they can teach us about origin of life and life on other planets. Topcuoglu loves microbes and their impact on Earth, and completed her PhD on this topic.
Lorre Smith's talk, "Let me Google that for you," will take a peek at at the more esoteric features of Google search in Google and Google Scholar. Smith will discuss advanced searches, search tools and how to get the most relevant results to help you ferret out the good bits and leave behind the chaff. Smith has been a librarian and an expert in searching databases and teaching others to search since before Google was invented.
Admission is $5. Drinks available for purchase, and you are welcome to bring a snack or take-out to eat. The Deuce (WWII Club) is at 50 Conz St.
Do you have a cool event coming up at a local club? Send me a note about it at least two weeks in advance togeolenker@yahoo.com and I'll try to mention it in this space.
Crystal Palace boss Sam Allardyce has admitted it will be hard to keep loan hit Mamadou Sakho beyond the end of this season.
The 27-year-old defender was frozen out at Liverpool but has made a huge difference to the Eagles since signing in January.
Palace have won five of the six matches that Sakho has played – keeping four clean sheets.
The French international is contracted to the Reds until 2020.
“It will probably be very difficult [to keep him],” said Allardyce. “It will be down to the club and Mamadou to discuss at the end of the season.
“It was such a rush job [to sign him], I'm not sure there were clauses to make anything permanent.
“His leadership, as well as his ability, has been a massive plus for me. I didn't know he had such great leadership qualities – on the training pitch and the pitch. Those types are rarer than before.”
U.S. Jobs Dropped By 33,000 In September, Likely Due To Storms
Enlarge this image toggle caption Michele Eve Sandberg/AFP/Getty Images Michele Eve Sandberg/AFP/Getty Images
The U.S. economy shed 33,000 jobs in September, according to the latest report from the Bureau of Labor Statistics, while unemployment fell to 4.2 percent.
The September payrolls drop broke a nearly seven-year streak of continuous job gains, but economists caution that the drop is likely representing the short-term consequences of bad weather, not a long-term shift in the job market.
Before this report, the economy had added an average of about 175,000 jobs per month; the unemployment rate has been at 4.3 or 4.4 percent since April.
Job growth in September was expected to be lower than usual because of the effects of several devastating hurricanes. Economists did not generally predict an actual decline, but a not-so-stellar report was widely anticipated.
"Hurricane Irma, in particular, occurred during the period when the Labor Department surveys job growth," reports NPR's Jim Zarroli. "So it's likely to have an especially big impact."
Loading...
The Bureau of Labor Statistics agrees that Hurricanes Harvey and Irma are the "likely" cause of a "sharp employment decline" in restaurant jobs, as well as low growth in other job fields.
People who have jobs but weren't paid during the survey period don't count as "employed" in the BLS statistics. That would include, for instance, a restaurant worker who is paid hourly and could not work for an extended period because of a storm.
The acting commissioner provided more context in a statement issued with the report.
"In September, 1.5 million workers had a job but were not at work for the entire reference week due to bad weather, the highest level for this series over the past 20 years," William Wiatrowski wrote. "This series is highly sensitive to the timing of weather events."
Not all the data were similarly affected. For instance, the storms had "no discernible effect" on the unemployment rate, the bureau says.
Loading...
Stuart Hoffman, a senior economic advisor at PNC Financial Services, told Jim the effects of the storms are likely to be temporary, and the job market should recover by the end of the year.
The September jobs report also adjusted revised job growth in July and August downward; with those revisions, 38,000 fewer jobs were added this summer than had been previously reported.
Job growth has now averaged 91,000 jobs monthly for the past three months, the BLS says.
Former Argo Darrell K. Smith was dealt to Edmonton in 1993 as part of the largest trade in CFL history. ( John Mahler / Star file photo )
Darrell K. Smith, a former receiver with the Toronto Argonauts and Edmonton Eskimos, has died. He was 55. The Argos confirmed Tuesday that Smith died on Monday night. The cause of death wasn't immediately known. Smith spent eight seasons in the CFL, including seven with Toronto (1986-92). The native of Youngstown, Ohio, had 465 catches for 8,144 yards and 52 TDs with Toronto while returning 84 kickoffs for 1,139 yards. Read more: Toronto Argos assistant GM says he can make deals in CFL free agency
Article Continued Below
Three New England Patriots to skip White House visit Smith was dealt to Edmonton in 1993 as part of a 16-player trade, the largest in CFL history. “Darrell was an electrifying player who captured the hearts of our fans, etched his name in the Argos' record book, and helped lead us to our Grey Cup championship in 1991,” Michael Copeland, the Argos president and CEO, said in a statement. “He will be forever remembered as one of the Argos' all-time great receivers.
“On behalf of our fans and our entire organization, we send our deepest condolences to Darrell's friends and family.” Smith, a four-time CFL all-star, remains the franchise leader in consecutive games with a reception (96), single-season touchdowns (20) and average yards per catch (17.5). He stands second all-time in career and single-season 200-yard receiving games (two), third in 100-yard receiving games (25) and receiving yards in a single-season (1,826), and fifth in receiving touchdowns (111) and combined yards (9,374). Smith was also a former teammate and close friend of Argos great Michael (Pinball) Clemons, who remembered Smith fondly. “Darrell K. Smith was everything you think of when you speak of superstar wide receivers,” Clemons said. “His play was scintillating, his confidence overflowing and his competitive spirit undeniable. “Today we celebrate his life and appreciate his contributions, both on and off the field. Beyond his confidence, I remember his laugh and the scream he would let out just before game-time that let us all know it was time to play. More humanely, he was smarter, kinder, and more thoughtful than most of us had a chance to see.”
ISLAMABAD, Dec 11 (APP):The International Monetary Fund (IMF) Monday appreciated the healthy economic growth shown by Pakistan and acknowledged the growth in revenue collections.
According to press statement issued by Federal Board of Revenue, a delegation of Post Programme Monitoring Mission of International Monetary Fund, led by Harold Finger, met with Haroon Akhtar Khan Special Assistant to PM Revenue here and held detailed and fruitful discussion on different aspects of Pakistan's economy, its growth and FBR's contribution towards it.
Finger lauded the efforts of the government, appreciating the healthy economic growth shown by Pakistan, the statement added.
Finger was appreciative of the momentum that was built last year and which has continued in this financial year also as indicated by sustained economic growth, it said adding that the delegate specifically acknowledged the growth in revenue shown
by FBR.
Finger recognized that such growth was remarkable as last year FBR had experienced revenue dip due to the tax
concessions offered in agricultural package, zero rating of inputs of five export oriented sectors and the government's decision
of not passing on the effect of increase in POL prices.
Haroon Akhtar pointed out the numerous policies as well as operational initiatives taken by FBR to create deterrence
against tax evasion and avoidance.
In this regard Finger appreciated FBR's role in introducing legislation such as Benami Act, its Anti-Smuggling and Anti
Money Laundering operations.
He appreciated the increase in number of tax filers and further emphasized the need to optimally utilize available third
party data for bringing more people in the tax net.
He also stressed the need to make concerted effort to take on policy issues to plug leakages and create more avenues
for revenue collection.
He highlighted the simultaneous need for taxpayer facilitation, building trust and creation of tax culture along with revenue generating measures.
He also pointed out the need to create coordination of Federal and Provincial revenue authorities and to harmonize
processes.
YERUSHALAYIM -
Monday, December 11, 2017 at 2:22 pm |
Defense Minister Avigdor Liberman leads an Israel Beytenu party faction meeting at the Knesset on Monday. (Yonatan Sindel/Flash90)
Defense Minister Avigdor Liberman railed at Arab MKs in the Knesset plenum on Monday, telling them they are sitting there “by mistake” and will soon “go back to Gaza, with Hamas, or Ramallah,” The Times of Israel reported.
The outburst came in response to a no-confidence motion proposed by the Joint List entitled “The government promotes a policy based on war crimes.”
Liberman, who is also chairman of the Yisrael Beytenu party said: “Every day in the Middle East, about 400 people are murdered in Arab countries, nearly one thousand wounded. In Yemen, 160 people a day are murdered. Does someone care? Look at how many terrorist attacks there are every day. Does someone talk about war crimes? Those who are sitting here, they are war criminals. The whole Joint List is [made up of] war criminals.”
This caused some Joint List MKs to walk out.
On Sunday, Liberman incurred censure from MKs on the right and left for calling on Israelis to boycott Arabs in Wadi Ara.
Liberman urged Israelis to “boycott Umm el-Faham” and “make clear to residents of Wadi Ara that they are not wanted here.”
He made the comments in the wake of weekend rioting in Wadi Ara, the largely Arab area in northern Israel where three people on a bus were injured by rock-throwing Arabs in demonstrations against the announcement by U.S. President Donald Trump that he recognized Yerushalayim as Israel's capital.
Also on Monday, the defense minister acknowledged that the northern home front is not adequately prepared for the threat of war.
Cities and communities in the north are “not prepared as they should be,” Liberman said, noting the lack of public bomb shelters in those areas.
8
Assorted candies, flowers, balloons, candles and giant teddy bears galore. Heartfelt greeting cards taking space at a store. Awaiting to be purchased for the one a person adores. But is this Valentine's Day craze worth it? We shall explore…
Feb. 14 is supposedly a day for lovers, which leaves single folks at the margins. That's why single people have considered it “Singles Awareness Day” rather than Valentine's Day. Some people bitterly complain, some celebrate the romantic occasion with their significant other and some treat it with as much normalcy as any other day.
However, this holiday is a scam! It is a way to take every penny from your pocket, especially those who buy engagement or promise rings for their partner. It is a day when people who aren't in intimate relationships feel unloved. It is a phenomenon where some couples feel obligated to show their love for that one particular day instead of all the other days in a year.
The more we celebrate Valentine's Day, the more broke we become. This includes men as well. Remember all that money you spent on that huge teddy bear for your sweetheart? What are we going to do with that? You should have just bought a pizza.
Women are no different though. Women have to compete twice as hard to find a creative and surprising way to please our partners, which can get pricey too.
Single fellas and ladies: do not feel depressed or undervalued because someone did not steal your heart. If the only man who gives you flowers for the past 20-something years (like me) is your father, be happy. Love will come to you in time, so please do not rush it.
Someone will spoil you rotten with all the hugs, kisses, gifts, time, love and energy you deserve. When you do feel down, seeing other people holding hands or smitten like Noah and Allie from “The Notebook,” know that your turn will come not just for this one specific day, but every day.
I always felt jealous of people showering their significant others with things on Valentine's Day. In middle school, there used to be this carnation sale for a dollar each. This one girl in the class got a whole bouquet from different guys, kind of like a “Mean Girls” moment where Damien gave Cadey a candy cane from Regina George. I was Gretchen Wieners in middle and high school, without a candy cane, or in this case, a carnation.
Fast forward to when I was twenty years old, and my husband came into my life. We were two military service members training in the woods. He tried his best to grab my attention, being the Dominican Casanova that he is. Passing love notes, gossiping about me to his guy friends, comforting me on those long tiresome hikes. Eventually, I fell for his Rico Suave charm and we found interesting ways to keep the fire ignited within our marriage regardless of the time of year.
I do not necessarily hate Valentine's Day, but I do think that many people get so worked up over it. It's great that people do treat it as big as Christmas or maybe a birthday. The whole point of this spiel though is to not become too consumed with this day, as you have plenty of other days to show love, both to that special individual who lightens up your life and to yourself.
Public hearings on land expropriation to begin
Share
President Cyril Ramaphosa speaks during the first day of the ANC's Land Summit in Boksburg. Credit: @MYANC/Twitter.
Public hearings on land expropriation without compensation will start next month.
Parliament has finalised a programme for countrywide hearings.
Following a motion passed by the National Assembly in February, the constitutional review committee has been tasked with considering whether Section 25 of the Constitution should be amended.
Two teams will split up to cover all the provinces.
Hearings will kick off simultaneously in Limpopo and the Northern Cape in the last week of June and end in the Western Cape in August.
Two weeks ago, the committee had already received over 140,000 submissions and has now extended the comment period until mid-June.
It must report back to the National Assembly on its findings by the end of August.
EWN
The High Court has bundled all five MP citizenship cases together for a direction hearing next week.
Barnaby Joyce's citizenship case will be heard with four others in the High Court in Brisbane on August 24.
The High Court will determine whether Mr Joyce, former Greens senators Larissa Waters and Scott Ludlam, One Nation senator Malcolm Roberts and former minister Matt Canavan are eligible to sit in parliament under section 44 of the constitution due to their dual citizenship.
Senator Waters and Ludlam have already resigned from parliament and Senator Canavan has stood aside from the cabinet pending the court outcome.
Last season's top-three fantasy defensemen combined for 59 goals during the 2016-17 campaign. After Brent Burns scored three goals in his past three games, Burns, Erik Karlsson and Dustin Byfuglien have combined for five goals so far this season. They are collectively on pace for 14 goals.
That's the bad news. The good news? Burns and Byfuglien are still maintaining some semblance of fantasy value, while Karlsson is too good to nut turn things around.
Byfuglien trails only Justin Faulk (another maligned defenseman) for most shots on goal this season without a single tally to show for it, but by virtue of strong showings in every fantasy category aside from goals, Byfuglien actually sits third on the ESPN Player Rater among defensemen for fantasy value so far this season. Based on his career shooting percentage, Byfuglien should really have five goals already. In our magical "what if" world, Byfuglien would vault past Alex Pietrangelo for second overall among defenseman on the Player Rater if he had potted those five goals. Regardless, he is still driving awesome fantasy value and is a guy to target in trades.
Editor's Picks Fantasy hockey forecaster: Dec. 11-17 Sean Allen breaks down fantasy hockey matchup data heading into the week of Dec. 11-17 and looks at a reshuffling of some of the NHL's best line combinations.
Burns sits sixth overall in the entire NHL for shots on goal so far this year, but only had one goal to show for it prior to last Thursday. He's up to four on the season now following three tallies in his past three games. Based on his career shooting percentage, Burns should already have nine goals this season. Heading back to our "what if" universe, nine goals would move Burns from 14th on the ESPN Player Rater among defensemen up to fifth, just behind Kris Letang. Once again, there is nothing to worry about here. Luck will continue to break Burns' way. He is arguably another blueliner to ponder acquiring.
Then we come to Karlsson. Wow. As of this writing, Karlsson sits 71st among defensemen on the Player Rater. It's expected that Karlsson earns negative Player Rater value for penalty minutes, but he's also earning negative points in goals and plus/minus. Karlsson is trailing his pace from last season, but not by as much as you might think. He's on pace to finish with 60 points this season, only 11 short of his 71 from last season. His shots on goal are trending right on the money, while his power-play points pace is only down a touch. What really hurts here is the minus-16. Where is Marc Methot's steady defensive play when the Ottawa Senators need him?
Karlsson is switching defense partners on a near-nightly basis as the Senators try to find the right man for the job. He's played with Johnny Oduya most often this season, but has been spending recent games with either Ben Harpur, Fredrik Claesson or Thomas Chabot. Nothing has got him into gear just yet, and this doesn't look like an easy fix.
The good news here is that Karlsson is still going to be among the highest-scoring defensemen this season. His career shooting percentage suggests he should have four tallies already. The other good news is that plus/minus can be mitigated against in fantasy hockey by finding a complementary player for your roster. Anton Stralman is available in 82.3 percent of ESPN leagues and is a fantasy void outside of his plus-21 rating, but if you have Karlsson's scoring and Stralman's plus/minus to offset, the end results aren't as bad. Zdeno Chara, who sits at plus-11 and is available in 44.5 percent of leagues, would be another option. Obviously fantasy rosters with games played limits will have trouble using such a strategy, but head-to-head leagues should be able to find the wiggle room to protect Karlsson from himself until the Senators can find the next Methot for their blue line.
Karlsson is probably not a reduced-value trade target right now because there isn't as clear a path to immediate improvement as there is with Burns or Byfuglien. That said, there is opportunity to show your fellow managers where Karlsson currently ranks on the Player Rater while putting in an offer. There's a chance they may not look past the ugly showing and consider dealing him for less than a No. 1 fantasy defenseman.
Forwards on the move
Ryan Getzlaf, C, Anaheim Ducks (up 65 spots to No. 88)
Getzlaf's usual spot on the Ducks' top line was kept warm by the recent arrival of Adam Henrique (six points in his five games as a Duck so far). Make no mistake, though. Getzlaf will resume his duties on the line with Corey Perry and Rickard Rakell on Monday. H hasn't played since Oct. 29 and has seven points in six games this season. As for Henrique, he'll get second-line duties for now, but Ryan Kelsler is also on the verge of a return to action, so Henrique may be destined to be one of the better third-line centers in the league by January.
Mikael Granlund, C/RW, Minnesota Wild (up 11 spots to No. 91)
Ranked 27th among forwards on the Player Rater over the past 30 days, Granlund is making up for a slow start to the campaign. He finished November with 15 points in 15 games and already has three points in four December games. The Wild are still looking for line combinations that stick more than a game or two at a time, but you can rest assured that Granlund is a lock for top-six minutes going forward. He finished 30th among all forwards on the Player Rater last season, so this burst of offense isn't unexpected or unsustainable.
Patric Hornqvist, RW, Pittsburgh Penguins (up seven spots to No. 130)
The first player selected in the 2005 entry draft continues to help buoy the fantasy value of the last player selected in that draft. Sidney Crosby has been on fire with 15 points in his past eight games, and Hornqvist has eight points in eight games while riding shotgun with him. The duo was slowed on Saturday when Hornqvist left the game after taking a puck to the face, but he is in line to play again with Sid on Monday.
Defensemen on the move
Mattias Ekholm, D, Nashville Predators (up 33 spots to No. 190)
It's time to acknowledge the fact that Ekholm is the No. 1 fantasy defenseman on the Player Rater during the past 30 days. His minutes have been staggering, including duty on the power play, and the results have flowed from there. Following a relatively quiet October that confirmed the choice to leave him off the fantasy radar during the offseason, Ekholm produced five goals and eight assists in 18 games since Nov. 1. Ekholm's breakout throws some cold water on the idea of Ryan Ellis coming back hot from injury in the new year, as his key minutes now have another competitor vying for them.
Colton Parayko, D, St. Louis Blues (up 20 spots to No. 160)
Parayko has been heating up, even apart from that fact that Pietrangelo is banged up and missed Sunday's game. Parayko has only missed the score sheet in three of his past 13 games, collecting a total of 12 points during that span. His average ice time has increased by a minute in each ensuing month of this season, with his December average sitting at 23:39.
Goalies on the move
Frederik Andersen, G, Toronto Maple Leafs (up 16 spots to No. 89)
Just as we acknowledged that Ekholm is the surprising leader among defensemen for fantasy value during the past 30 days, we should also take note that the No. 1 goaltender on the Player Rater during that time is Andersen. The wins are flowing for the Maple Leafs, and Andersen has been limiting the crooked numbers on the opposing scoreboard to some degree. During his first 13 appearances this season, Andersen allowed five or more goals on five occasions. Since then (Nov. 4), he's allowed five or more goals in zero of 13 appearances. In fact, he's only allowed three or four goals in four of those appearances (and he won all four of them). He's not going to have the best goals-against average in the league, but his ratios will be serviceable and his wins will be plentiful. If Andersen and his teammates can continue to limit the damaging five-plus goal outings, he's going to finish among the top-10 fantasy goaltenders.
Martin Jones, G, San Jose Sharks (down five spots to No. 63)
As we have witnessed during a recent stretch for the Boston Bruins, it takes more than a few good games by the backup to turn the tables on the starter. That said, Martin Jones is edging precariously close to ceding more starts to Aaron Dell. Jones has allowed four or more goals in each of four December starts, while Dell has been close to perfect for some time now. Going back a month, Dell has won four of his five starts, earning shutouts in two of them. Through eight starts, Dell sits at 5-3-1 with a 1.72 goals-against average and .939 save percentage. The minuscule ratios are in line with those he showed in limited action last season as Jones' backup. He's already on pace for 23 starts this season, but that number could increase if Jones can't get his act together soon.
John Gibson, G, Anaheim Ducks (down 18 spots to No. 57)
Ryan Miller came to the Ducks expecting to be the backup to the emerging Gibson, but he could be in line for more starts if his numbers continue to be significantly better than his counterpart. While the trend in starts appears concerning at first glance, with Gibson and Miller alternating in December so far, both of Miller's appearances came in the second of back-to-back outings, so the pecking order remains in tact. Even so, Gibson has kept the opposition to fewer than three goals only once since Nov. 19 and hasn't allowed fewer than two goals since October.
Quick hits
The injury to Jaden Schwartz is a devastating one for fantasy managers. Replacing his production won't be easy, but there are options on the waiver wire. Check for recent promotions to the top six such as Tyler Johnson, Tom Wilson or Alex DeBrincat to help bridge the immediate gap. ... Matt Murray is back at practice and trending toward a return soon. Tristan Jarry has been more than serviceable, but has zero fantasy value as a handcuff. ... Cam Talbot is skating again, but there is no word on his return to action. The Edmonton Oilers started Laurent Brossoit in back-to-back games over the weekend, so they appear to have no interest in allowing Nick Ellis to start an NHL game (despite the fact Ellis had better numbers than Brossoit in the AHL last season). Fantasy managers will have to sit tight with Talbot and look elsewhere. ... Auston Matthews missed Sunday's game with an upper-body injury, but he played after sustaining the injury in Saturday's game, so don't expect him out too long. ... Roberto Luongo's injury does not appear to be short-term, and James Reimer is at a meltdown level of performance since Luongo was hurt. Desperate deep-league managers can consider rostering Harri Sateri to see what happens this week. It'll be hard for him to do worse than Reimer, and the Panthers have the offense to win games.
I ended 2016 sharing my deepest fears: Russia's Long March to War and why it could be nuclear.
Now, I begin 2017 expressing my greatest hopes: How Trump and Putin could make a deal that will change history.
All possible despite new punitive actions just announced in recent days!
Whether they succeed or fail, you need to know how it will impact
Defense stocks
U.S. government bonds
Interest rates, and
Gold
Click here for my new, just-released video.
Happy New Year and God bless!
Martin
Owner Ged Rathbone stressed he will do all he can to save Peterborough Panthers during a passionate mid-meeting address last night (October 6).
Rathbone took to the tannoy during a 50-43 victory against Workington at the East of England Arena - a sixth consecutive SGB Championship success for the city club.
Panthers' existence has been placed under threat after Rathbone was hit with a major five-figure punishment from the Speedway Control Bureau (SCB) for allowing star rider Jack Holder to miss meetings in this country to race in Poland.
While declining to reveal exact figures, Rathbone claimed the fine dished out to him is the biggest ever issued in British speedway.
He also admitted there is no chance of the club racing on without his involvement due to their East of England Arena landlords being unwilling to work with another promotion.
Rathbone said: “We're disappointed with the outcome of the SCB hearing, but there is a lot we can't say at this stage for legal reasons.
“I'm led to believe the fine issued to us is the largest in the history of British speedway. It is something we do not agree with and we intend to appeal it.
“This club has been mine and my partner, Lisa's, life for the past three years, but it has now been put into serious jeopardy.
“I could quite easily have walked away yesterday when I found out the SCB decision, but I have far too much respect for our supporters to do that.
“I've seen in the last couple of days how much the club means to a lot of people and I'll do everything I can to ensure it survives.
“But the simple fact is that if I'm not involved, there is no Peterborough Speedway. Our landlords will not deal with anyone else due to the way they have been messed around in the past.”
Rathbone's address received a generous round of applause from supporters gathered at Alwalton. He has also been inundated with positive messages on social media since the SCB ruling was made public knowledge on Thursday afternoon.
Specific details are still unclear, but the Peterborough Telegraph understands the initial fine, plus further associated penalties, could cost Panthers in excess of £40,000.
If you only read the headlines, it's easy to believe a trade war could be looming with China and Asia.
In fact, if you believe the rhetoric, you'd take a second look before investing a dime of your hard-earned money in anything related to the region.
But it's just rhetoric – and misleading rhetoric to boot. Here's what is really happening …
The Trans-Pacific Partnership (TPP) was set to be the largest regional trade accord in history.
The TPP would have set new terms for trade and business investment among the United States and 11 other Pacific Rim nations: A wide-ranging group with an annual gross domestic product of nearly $28 trillion, representing roughly 40 percent of global GDP and one-third of world trade.
President Trump didn't like the deal and thinks a more U.S. friendly deal can be made. So his administration is pushing for bilateral trade agreements between these each of these nations in the future.
In other words, getting rid of TPP wasn't the end of trade negotiations, it was the beginning. There's going to be a ton of deals coming down the pike.
And a lot of trade talk in China and Asia is going to go that way: Rhetoric and Trump posturing to begin with, deal making in the end.
Then, there's tax reform and the possibility of President Trump's administration implementing a border-adjustment tax.
If passed, it could cause companies to pay 20% more for imports than for domestic goods. Meanwhile exporters would pay no income tax on revenue from goods they sell to foreign customers.
How I Time My Gold and Silver Investments
for Even Bigger Profits Did you know there is a simple way to time your long-term precious metals investments to maximize your profits? In my brand new Special Report, I share proven techniques that I have used in nearly four decades of trading gold and silver that can help you make mountains of money trading these precious metals including… A simple technique to help you immediately identify the long term trends in gold and silver
A little secret that that has helped me make A LOT of money over the years trading gold and silver…and it is very easy to do
What my proprietary models say about when gold and silver are most likely to make important highs and lows. I give you exact dates all the way through August 2021. And much, much more. For a limited time only you can get a copy of this report for just $49! Click here now to download your copy! Internal Sponsorship
At face value, a tax move like this could have China and Asian companies shaking in their boots. But there is still a lot to negotiate surrounding a border-adjustment tax, and too much is still up in the air. There will be winners and some losers, but it's just too early to tell.
And finally, the political tension in the region – specifically surrounding the South China Sea – could be a hot bed of conflict in the years to come.
China continues to occupy the South China Sea region, and it's acting very aggressive toward the region's huge oil and gas reserves, not to mention its strategic shipping lanes.
This is definitely something to keep an eye on – as my war cycles are ramping higher – war in the region is always a possibility.
I'm not downplaying these factors – including trade, tax, and potential conflicts – but I'm not one bit worried about the long-term prospects for China and the rest of Asia.
The Asian economy continues to grow.
The fact is the economies of China and the rest of Asia, particularly Southeast Asia are doing just fine. The major underlying factors – including an expanding population, rising incomes and dynamic monetary policy – are more bullish than ever.
And that's going to keep the Chinese and Asian growth story alive. Consider …
To cope with the challenges of a growing population, infrastructure spending in the region is ramping up once again. About $5.3 trillion is expected to be invested into Asian infrastructure between 2015 and 2025.
In countries like Thailand, the Philippines, Indonesia, and Malaysia, plans for massive infrastructure projects are going to ramp up modernization efforts, improving everything from roads to telecommunication networks. In fact, in the Philippines, $160 billion is projected to be spent on building infrastructure over the next six years.
President Trump won't implement trade policies that adversely impact the U.S economy. And a massive trade war would do just that – big time.
Asia is still the rising star in the global economy and it's going to stay that way for years to come.
That's exactly why I am looking to gain more exposure in the region. But I still don't recommend going all in – not just yet.
It's tricky: You have to know when to get in and when to get out. And that's just the kind of advice I give the members of my services, Real Wealth Report and Supercyle Trader.
Best,
Larry
P.S. Trump's Worst Nightmare: Why cutting taxes, eliminating regulations and fighting for U.S. jobs won't be nearly enough to save us from the next great crash. Read more here …
The move to manufacture Honor 7X in India is in line with Honor's commitment towards Make in India
Honor, Huawei's e-brand for digital natives today announced that it has started manufacturing its latest budget blockbuster, Honor 7X in partnership with Sketch-to-Scale solutions provider, Flex, at Flex's plant in Sriperumbudur, near Chennai.
Huawei Honor started manufacturing in partnership with Flex India in September 2016 and started with Holly 3 which was the first phone under the 'Make in India' initiative. The scope was further increased by manufacturing Honor 6X. Now, with Make in India move for the recently launched, Honor 7X, Honor has indeed delivered on its promises.
Huawei was one of the first companies in the telecom sector to make the deep seeded investment and over the last 18 years has continued to make in-roads to make India as one of the company's biggest centers of learning, localisation and development. Honor continues to strengthen its base by investing in an R&D center and setting up a manufacturing base for our Indian operations. Innovation is the core proposition that Honor has harnessed to move up the growth trajectory, with consistent investments towards consumer centric smartphones like Honor 7X.
Underlining its India First approach, Honor has been on an aggressive front and has lately introduced some of its best products in India, ahead of global launches. The company has also expanded its service network with 4 new exclusive service centers in key metro cities.
"Honor and Huawei will keep evaluating the demands for the product in India and will keep trying to up the ante for indigenous production and localization. Huawei's manufacturing initiative is part of its commitment to the Government of India's 'Make in India' vision by harnessing local talent, coupled with the infusion of hi-tech R&D expertise and knowledge into the country. The smartphone manufacturing announcement is another milestone in Huawei's 18-year journey in India and the production of the bestseller Honor 7x is another milestone for us," said P Sanjeev, Vice-President, Sales, Huawei Consumer Business Group.
Honor saw a 3x growth in Q4 of 2017 as compared to Q4 of 2016, owing to the success of Honor 7x which has been touted as the bestseller in the category despite the volatility of the smartphone industry and competitive landmines and supported by the AI enabled Honor View10.
Honor 7X has been hailed as one of the best devices in the budget segment, giving optimal performance at economical price. This well-rounded phone provides one of the highest screen to body ratio with a fancier display- packing a massive 5.9" screen in a sleek body. It gives an immersive visual experience along with picturesque portrait like photographs.
Honor 7X device sports a dual-lens 16MP + 2MP rear camera supported by a phase detection autofocus and LED flash. Accompanied by special filters and 'Effects' function, amateur photographers too can stand out on social media with superior quality images. Honor 7X has a professional eye protection feature all incorporated within an impeccably styled metal body and a 2.5D glass face fitted seamlessly into the aluminum chassis.
Powered by Kirin 659 octa-core 2.36 GHz processor (with Mali-T830MP2 GPU), Honor 7X is fitted with a Li-Ion 3340 battery. It has 32 GB and 64GB internal storage capacity which is expandable up to 256 GB and provides a quick sensory response. The Honor 7X smartphone comes in blue, gold and black finishes, giving an unarguably premium feel to the consumer.
The bowls are full of surprises as unfamiliar opponents meet in unfamiliar settings, often with different levels of motivation. Throw in extra practices to prepare and a number of key injuries or the new trend of prominent players skipping games, and the landscape is ripe for new stars.
Who will we be talking about in January after the bowls are complete? Here's a list of 10 players who could surprise us with their performances in the upcoming bowls.
Alabama LB Dylan Moses
Up next: Clemson in the College Football Playoff at the Allstate Sugar Bowl (Jan. 1, 8:45 p.m. ET, ESPN)
Alabama hopes its beat-up linebacker corps gets healthy before it gets to New Orleans, but Moses should play a key role no matter what. The freshman and former five-star recruit filled in well for Shaun Dion Hamilton, recording a combined 21 tackles in his first two career starts. He has 5.5 tackles for loss, an interception and a forced fumble in limited action.
Stanford QB K.J. Costello
Up next: TCU in the Valero Alamo Bowl (Dec. 28, 9 p.m. ET, ESPN)
Stanford's future at quarterback looks very bright after Costello emerged late this season. He threw 11 touchdown passes against only two interceptions, and had effective performances in wins over UCLA, Arizona State, Cal and Notre Dame. Bowl practices should really help the redshirt freshman before facing a stout TCU defense in San Antonio.
Stanford's future at QB looks bright after K.J. Costello's performance at the end of the season. Jordon Kelly/Icon Sportswire
Oklahoma State WR Dillon Stoner
Up next: Virginia Tech in the Camping World Bowl (Dec. 28, 5:15 p.m. ET, ESPN)
Virginia Tech is well aware of James Washington, the Biletnikoff Award winner, as well as red zone force Marcell Ateman and speedster Jalen McCleskey. But the Hokies can't lose sight of Stoner, Oklahoma State's next emerging star. The freshman recorded touchdown catches in each of his final three games, and was targeted much later in the season.
Mississippi State QB Keytaon Thompson
Up next: Louisville in the TaxSlayer Bowl (Dec. 30, noon ET, ESPN)
Thompson was put in a tough spot after Nick Fitzgerald went down in the Egg Bowl, and the freshman still had 121 rushing yards. He will benefit more than anyone from bowl preparation, and faces a Louisville defense that ranks 78th nationally against the pass and struggles in the red zone. Thompson's mobility could pose problems, although Louisville outscored its last three opponents 138-48.
Oklahoma CB Tre Norwood
Up next: Georgia in the College Football Playoff at the Rose Bowl Game presented by Northwestern Mutual (Jan. 1, 5 p.m. ET, ESPN)
The Sooners' uptick in defense seemed to coincide with Norwood becoming a starter in early November. The freshman capitalized, recording seven pass breakups - second most on the team - and 26 tackles (22 solo) despite only seeing his playing time spike during the stretch run. Norwood should play a big role as Terry Godwin, Javon Wims and Georgia's vertical threats test Oklahoma's secondary.
Houston QB D'Eriq King
Up next: Fresno State in the Hawaii Bowl (Dec. 24, 8:30 p.m. ET, ESPN)
King sparked Houston to wins over South Florida, East Carolina and Navy after taking over as the Cougars' starter. The sophomore completed 73 percent of his passes in his last three games and rushed for 295 yards and seven touchdowns in his last four. He could be the difference against a stout Fresno State defense that ranks ninth nationally in points allowed (17.2 ppg).
Virginia Tech RB Jalen Holston
Up next: Oklahoma State in the Camping World Bowl (Dec. 28, 5:15 p.m. ET, ESPN)
Travon McMillan's transfer leaves some carries to be claimed in the bowl game. While sophomore Deshawn McClease will likely get the start, Holston has more upside and might be primed for a breakout game following valuable bowl practices. Oklahoma State ranks 27th nationally against the run, but Holston should have opportunities to showcase his skills.
Wisconsin WR Danny Davis III
Up next: Miami in the Capital One Orange Bowl (Dec. 30, 8 p.m., ESPN)
Davis is part of an exciting young wideout group that should propel Wisconsin's passing game the next few years. The speedy freshman averaged 14.7 yards per reception as a more featured target in Wisconsin's final three games and 17.2 yards per reception for the season. He'll attack a talented and opportunistic Miami defense hoping to bring out the Turnover Chain.
Michigan LB/S Khaleke Hudson
Up next: South Carolina in the Outback Bowl (Jan. 1, noon ET, ESPN2)
Beginning with a record-setting performance against Minnesota (eight tackles for loss, including three sacks, and a forced fumble), Hudson emerged as one of Michigan's top playmakers. He added an interception, two pass breakups and a quarterback hurry in the final three games, and should pose a challenge for a South Carolina offense that struggled with turnovers and negative plays late this fall.
Louisville CB Jaire Alexander
Up next: Mississippi State in the TaxSlayer Bowl (Dec. 30, noon ET, ESPN)
Alexander is more recognizable than others on this list, but after injury limited him to six games, this is his final chance to make a mark in 2017. The bowl also marks Alexander's last opportunity to impress NFL scouts in a game setting if he elects to skip his final season. Alexander had five interceptions in 2016 and can change games, especially as he takes on a young quarterback in Keytaon Thompson.
FREETOWN, SIERRA LEONE—Relatives dug through the mud in search of their loved ones and a morgue overflowed with bodies Monday after heavy rains and flooding early in the day killed at least 200 people in Sierra Leone's capital.
Bodies were spread out on the floor of a morgue, Sinneh Kamara, a coroner technician at the Connaught Hospital mortuary, told the national broadcaster.
“The capacity at the mortuary is too small for the corpses,” he told the Sierra Leone National Broadcasting Corp.
Kamara urged the health department to deploy more ambulances, saying his mortuary only has four.
Sierra Leone's national television broadcaster interrupted its regular programming to show scenes of people trying to retrieve their loved ones' bodies. Others were seen carting relatives' remains in rice sacks to the morgue.
A determined Dunstable woman donned a stetson and brightly coloured bra to complete a ten hour trek and help others beat breast cancer.
Zoe Riley, 29, began the London Moonwalk on her birthday, May 12, as she and 15,000 others navigated their way around the capital city under the stars, starting and ending at Clapham Common.
The crowds at the Moonwalk. Credit: Guy Aubertin Photography.
Zoe began at 11.30pm and finished her marathon 26 mile challenge at 10am, the “overwhelming” support from her neighbours, friends and family so far raising £750 for breast cancer charities.
She said: “The Moonwalk is all about fundraising and raising awareness about breast cancer. The London Eye was turned pink for the first time in support, as well as HMS Belfast, Waterloo Bridge, and County Hall.
“I got to the stage where I couldn't remember not walking and it was just very quiet - compared to training the Moonwalk is a different beast when you are on your own and fighting tiredness.
“A real turning point for me was when, around mile 19, a lady asked me what everyone was up to. She said that she was going out to buy a paper, but that she'd had treatment for breast cancer last year and ‘well done ladies!'
Zoe at the start of the Moonwalk.
“She had happened to speak to me and I realised it [my tiredness] didn't matter: I had to fight hard and get the last five or six miles done.”
Zoe was first inspired to take part because of her family's involvement with the event.
Her father, David Footitt, volunteered driving the safety cars at the London Moonwalk for 10 years, starting in the early 2000s, so Zoe and her mother, Jeanette, decided to do the Half Moon (15.2miles) last year.
Zoe said: “That sparked the determination to push myself this year to complete the Full Moon - 26.2 miles.
“Everyone's in it together and it's all about becoming fitter and healthier. Walk the Walk were emphasising that men get breast cancer, too, and issued special shirts for the men - pink with blue bras.
“It was the toughest challenge I've ever done, so it was the best feeling to cross the finish line knowing the funds raised will make a difference to help research and people living with cancer now.”
London Moonwalk is organised by Walk the Walk, the UK's largest grant making breast cancer charity.
> https://moonwalklondon2018.everydayhero.com/uk/zoe-33
Hannah Bennett won't hear a word said against Luton and becomes particularly cross when people call it a ‘crap' town.
“If it wasn't for my home town, I wouldn't be where I am today,” she states. “There's so much art, culture and wonderful music here.”
The talented young mezzo soprano is studying at the Royal Academy of Music and hopes her future will be performing in operas, recitals and concerts.
She recently appeared as a soloist with Luton Choral Society and is full of praise for the support she's received every step of the way.
She says: “I've been surrounded by so many inspiring people, I've been really fortunate.
“Growing up I went to Wigmore Church with my Mum and brother. My love of music started there and I was encouraged to keep learning – I was taught the recorder and how to read music.”
She began viola lessons when she was seven and took up the saxophone too – subsequently becoming a member of Luton Youth Orchestra, Concert Band and Jazz Orchestra.
Hannah then met Luton Youth Cantores director Kerry Watson and asked if she could join the choir.
“I knew fairly soon afterwards I wanted to make singing my career,” she says.
The former Ashcroft High student will graduate in July and has won a scholarship for a further vocal studies course.
Authorities said a man was severely burned when he crashed and rolled his SUV in Huron County.
It happened about 2 p.m. on Sunday, Aug. 13 on Pobanz Road, south of Kilmanagh Road.
Investigators said a Chevy Trailblazer was heading north on Pobanz Road at a high right of speed when the driver lost control on the gravel roadway.
The SUV entered the ditch and rolled several times, police said. It then caught fire.
The driver, 31-year-old Kraig Lloyd Elliot from Sterling Heights, was severely burned and taken to an area hospital before being airlifted to a Flint burn unit for treatment.
The crash is still under investigation.
Copyright 2017 WNEM (Meredith Corporation). All rights reserved.
Former Alabama football coach Gene Stallings has suffered a mild stroke, school officials confirmed to ESPN.
Stallings and former Auburn coach Pat Dye were scheduled to speak in Huntsville, Alabama, on Monday night, and in Montgomery on Tuesday at events put on by The Legendary Coaches group.
Event organizers posted on their Facebook page that Stallings, 82, suffered the stroke while awaiting his flight at Dallas/Fort Worth International Airport and was taken to a hospital, where he was said to be in good spirits.
Stallings, who led Alabama to the 1992 national championship, also had a stroke in May while in Montgomery to introduce Clemson coach Dabo Swinney at a banquet.
Stallings was the Crimson Tide coach from 1990-96. He's also a former Texas A&M and St. Louis/Phoenix Cardinals coach.
Information from The Associated Press was used in this report
Despite Legal Fights, Arkansas Pushes To Carry Out Delayed Executions
Several judges have delayed executions in Arkansas that were supposed to have begun Monday night. The legal wrangling continues as the state's lethal injection drugs expire at the end of the month.
KELLY MCEVERS, HOST:
Arkansas prison officials are preparing to execute an inmate tonight even though the courts have told them to hold off. The inmate would be the first of eight people the state wants to put to death this month. It's an unprecedented number, and the courts have questioned whether it's constitutional. Arkansas Public Media's Sarah Whites-Koditschek reports.
SARAH WHITES-KODITSCHEK, BYLINE: Arkansas hasn't executed anyone since 2005, and now the state is rushing to put to death as many as eight men before the end of the month. That's when one of the lethal injection drugs expires. There've been a flurry of court rulings that have stopped the executions for now. Judges have granted delays because of the pace of executions, access to legal counsel and about one of the drugs, midazolam. There's concern it's not effective. Julie Vandiver is an attorney for the inmates.
JULIE VANDIVER: It will do nothing to prevent the prisoners from experiencing the pain sensations and the sensation of suffocation from the second and third drugs in the protocol.
WHITES-KODITSCHEK: Arkansas's Attorney General Leslie Rutledge says each of these convicted men carried out horrific crimes. She spoke today on Fox News.
(SOUNDBITE OF ARCHIVED RECORDING)
LESLIE RUTLEDGE: These families have been waiting since 1990, 1995, 1996 to see justice carried out in each of these cases. Again, these are individuals who are convicted of rape, murder.
WHITES-KODITSCHEK: Robert Dunham is with the Death Penalty Information Center. He says the U.S. Supreme Court has ruled on previous lethal injection cases and likely will for these, but there's new information about how the drugs work.
ROBERT DUNHAM: There is more known now about midazolam. There has been experience with botched executions since the Oklahoma case was ruled on by the U.S. Supreme Court. And so the factual background of this issue is very, very different.
WHITES-KODITSCHEK: The Oklahoma case refers to a 2015 Supreme Court decision saying the three-drug cocktail did not constitute cruel and unusual punishment. Since then, federal appeals courts have split on that issue. Despite the legal limbo, Arkansas Department of Correction director Wendy Kelley says her staff is preparing to go ahead with an execution tonight in case the courts overturn the stay. Kelley says inmate Don Davis has already been moved to a waiting cell nearby.
WENDY KELLEY: The department stands ready to carry out the sentences of the court should the attorney general get the legal challenges resolved. But everything that we're doing today is the same thing we'd be doing if the stays weren't in place at this point.
WHITES-KODITSCHEK: Arkansas officials say they'll not be able to acquire any more lethal injection drugs once their current supply expires at the end of the month. For NPR News, I'm Sarah Whites-Koditschek in Little Rock.
Copyright © 2017 NPR. All rights reserved. Visit our website terms of use and permissions pages at www.npr.org for further information.
NPR transcripts are created on a rush deadline by Verb8tm, Inc., an NPR contractor, and produced using a proprietary transcription process developed with NPR. This text may not be in its final form and may be updated or revised in the future. Accuracy and availability may vary. The authoritative record of NPR's programming is the audio record.
The Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences has narrowed this year's live-action short film race to 10 contenders.
Those advancing are:
“DeKalb Elementary,” Reed Van Dyk, director (UCLA)
“The Eleven O'Clock,” Derin Seale, director (FINCH)
“Facing Mecca,” Jan-Eric Mack, director, and Joël Jent, producer (Dschoint Ventschr Filmproduktion)
“Icebox,” Daniel Sawka, director, and Camille Cornuel, producer (Iceboxthefilmco)
“Lost Face,” Sean Meehan, director, and Sam McGarry, producer (Soma Films)
“My Nephew Emmett,” Kevin Wilson, Jr., director (New York University)
“Rise of a Star,” James Bort, director, and Boris Mendza, producer (Fulldawa Films)
“The Silent Child,” Chris Overton, director, and Rachel Shenton, writer (Slick Films)
“Watu Wote/All of Us,” Katja Benrath, director (Hamburg Media School)
“Witnesses,” David Koch, director (Lux for Film, Diez Films and Paradoxal)
Members of the short films and feature animation branch will select five nominees from the shortlist. Brand screenings will be held in Los Angeles, London, New York, and San Francisco next month.
Nominees will be announced alongside all other Oscar nominations on Jan. 23.
They say you get what you pay for, but that isn't always the case. Oculus Go has some great content to play without having to spend a penny. From scaring the pants off you and your friends to fishing on a virtual lake, here are the best free games to play on your Oculus Go. Bait!
Not every VR game needs to be a slash-'em-up or shooting game. Bait! lets you relax by a virtual lake and go fishing. It's relatively basic but if you just want to sit on your sofa and zone out while fishing, it's a great free game to try out. The game has just enough context to make it more than just fishing. Your goal is to catch rare fish from four different lakes to help preserve them. See at Oculus Temple Run VR
Temple Run has earned a good reputation on smartphones, and you can enjoy the runner in VR as well. You can dodge and jump over obstacles and avoid enemies, in this case, monkeys, to work your way towards a high score. Endless runners are a throwback to old-school platformers and can be both frustrating and enjoyable at the same time. See at Oculus Face your Fears
Reviews that mention almost breaking hardware are usually bad, but in the case of Face Your Fears, it's trying to scare you into jumping out of your seat. You can "enjoy" getting scared by ghosts and robots in environments that range from creepy to frightening. See at Oculus Jurassic World: Blue
Jurassic World: Blue is an interactive cinematic experience that places you on the island from the famous film. You walk around as Blue and trying to survive the impending eruption of a volcano that will destroy the island. It's not a very long experience, but it gives you a glimpse of what could be the future of films in VR. See at Oculus Shooting Showdown 2
Taking a different approach to shooting games, Shooting Showdown 2 has you aim your gun by tilting your head and using your controller to fire. You can shoot targets this way at a firing range at targets ranging from balloons to killer robots. Filler See at Oculus Project Rampage: VR
3 reasons why Belgium will lose their quarterfinal match against Brazil
Kartik Mathur FOLLOW CONTRIBUTOR Top 5 / Top 10 2.04K // 04 Jul 2018, 15:01 IST SHARE Share Options × Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Reddit Google+ Email
Belgium's clutch 3-2 win against Japan in the Round of 16 is certainly in contention of the most entertaining match of this World Cup. Yet their celebrations will be short-lived as they now face mighty Brazil, who easily dispatched Mexico in the previous round and will be looking to win their 6th World Cup crown.
Belgium are themselves dark horses to win the tournament with their ' golden generation' in their peak years. So far in the World Cup, they have proven their worth with 4 wins out of 4 including a 5-2 battering of Tunisia.
Even with those wins, they have looked far from convincing in any of those games and with an opponent like Brazil, they can't afford any mistakes. Here are the 3 reasons why I think Belgium will lose against Brazil.
#1 Yannick Carrasco's position
Belgium coach Roberto Martinez is often criticised for his team management, such as his decision to not play Radja Nainggolan and not including him in his squads. Another such example is the player I will be talking about right now, Yannick Carrasco. The former Atletico Madrid man prefers to play as a winger but has been used as a wing-back by Roberto Martinez when playing for Belgium.
Due to his new position and the lack of experience in that role, he is Belgium's weakest link at this World Cup. Being a wing-back requires a player to not only participate in attack but also requires him to do his defensive duties. As Carrasco is a natural winger, he is good offensively but falters when it comes to defense. He has often got caught high up the field and thus leaves a big space in the defense for the opponent to exploit. Due to this, Belgium are vulnerable to counter attacks.
Even during Belgium's match against Japan, he was often caught off guard and Japan's Genki Haraguchi frequently ran into those spaces and caused the Belgium defense some trouble. But with Brazil, he will be facing Willian, who put in a man of the match performance against Mexico. With Willian's pace and his ability to dribble past defenders, Brazil will no doubt target Carrasco.
Roundup It has been an interesting week in the AI world. There's a whole treasure trove of research papers to read, fresh AI problems to crack, and a new fund for startups.
ICLR 2018
The list of papers accepted for this year's International Conference on Learning Representations (ICLR) are out and they make interesting reading.
The conference will take place in Vancouver from the April 30 - May 3. It'll showcase the latest trends and developments in AI and machine learning. It looks like General Adversarial Networks, often used for vision tasks, are still in fashion and have progressed enough to keep people's interest.
There's also a few adversarial learning papers, some reinforcement learning ones, natural language stuff, and complicated theoretical evaluating neural networks.
The event is split into oral presentations, poster sessions, and workshop tracks. The full list of papers that have been accepted, rejected, and withdrawn can be found here.
The Register will be combing through to try and pick any interesting ones, but if there are any you think are particularly exciting let us know.
New requests for research
OpenAI has released a list of seven unsolved problems for AI whizzes to have a crack at.
They're all mostly related to the field of reinforcement learning. One involves training an algorithm to play a version of the hugely popular mobile phone game of snake, but with multiple snakes instead of one. Some are more technical such as investigating regularization in reinforcement learning to improve optimization and overfitting in algorithms.
It's the second time OpenAI have published its requests for research. The first time resulted in a bunch of new research papers.
“We expect these problems to be a fun and meaningful way for new people to enter the field, as well as for practitioners to hone their skills (it's also a great way to get a job at OpenAI). Many will require inventing new ideas,” it said in a blog post.
See the full list of problems here.
Machine learning for flight delays
Google's Flights app can now, apparently, predict when a flight will be delayed before it's formally announced by an airline.
The new feature only works for flights on American, Delta, and United airlines so far. “Using historic flight status data, our machine learning algorithms can predict some delays even when this information isn't available from airlines yet—and delays are only flagged when we're at least 80% confident in the prediction. We still recommend getting to the airport with enough time to spare, but hope this information can manage expectations and prevent surprises,” it said in a blog post.
Well, since Google hasn't really bothered to explain how the technology works, we just have to take their word and it's probably not very wise to rely on it. It obviously uses a bunch of data points taken from past flight statuses to predict common patterns that lead to delays, but we aren't sure of any other details beyond that.
We did ask Google for comment, but as usual we didn't really get anything useful back.
IBM Cloud joins the Volta party
It's better late than never, but IBM Cloud announced it also now has Nvidia Volta GPU spot instances on its cloud service.
“Starting today, you can equip individual IBM Cloud bare metal servers with up to two NVIDIA Teslas V100 PCIe GPU accelerators — NVIDIA's latest, fastest and most advanced GPU architecture,” it said in a blog post.
It also apparently “offers the industry's only CPU-to-GPU Nvidia NVLink connection on [its] latest POWER9 servers”.
It's geared towards attracting researchers and AI startups onto its cloud to carry out the heavy, number crunching workloads for high performance computing and machine learning.
AI Fund
Andrew Ng, a prominent AI spokesperson and ex-chief scientist Baidu, announced a new fund to support AI startups that “improve human life”.
The $175m (£124m) grant has been pooled together by investors from NEA, Sequoia, Greylock Partners, the SoftBank Group and others.
Ng announced he would be leading the AI Fund as its general partner. Eva Wang will be the partner and COO alongside Steven Syverud, who will be a partner.
Part of the money will also go into Landing.AI, a startup started by Ng focused on using AI in the manufacturing industry.
“In the early days of electricity, much of the innovation centered around slightly different improvements in lighting. While this was an important foundation, the really transformative applications, in which electric power spurred massive redesigns in multiple industries, took longer to be grasped. AI is the new electricity, and is at a similar inflection point,” he said in a Medium post. ®
Sponsored: Minds Mastering Machines - Call for papers now open
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Firefighters were in action across Bristol last night. At just gone midnight a crew from Southmead were called to Ambleside Avenue where an Audi car was alight.
The crew wore breathing apparatus and used one hose to extinguish the fire.
The cause was said to be deliberate.
At just before 3am a fire crew from Kingswood dealt with a van on fire in Manor Road, Mangotsfield.
The cause of this fire was also said to be deliberate.
At 3.13am crews from Temple and Southmead attended to a small fire involving an oven in a house in Montrose Avenue, Cotham.
The fire was out on the crews' arrival, there were no casualties and the cause was recorded as accidental.
SpaceX is launching a Dragon spacecraft using a Falcon 9 rocket on Monday, with a launch window set for 12:31 PM EDT (9:31 PM PDT). The mission is CRS-12, the twelfth commercial resupply mission conducted by SpaceX, which is set to deliver a payload of over 6,400 pounds of supplies and experimental support materials to the International Space Station.
The launch's payload includes a new supercomputer from Hewlett Packard Enterprises, which will test whether so-called ‘software hardening' can be used to make a stock supercomputer from Earth suitable for use in space during long durations – including over the course of a potential mission to Mars.
This Dragon capsule will carry more materials for science and experiments than previous resupply missions form SpaceX, with 75 percent of the capsule's weight assigned to supplies for over 250 experiments including testing things like the genetic causes of Parkinson's disease, radiation's effect on roundworm and more, extending the shelf life of pharmaceuticals and more.
SpaceX will be launching from its LC-39A launch facility at NASA's Kennedy Space Center in Florida, and today's launch will include attempting to land and recover the Falcon 9's fist stage at LZ-1 at Cape Canaveral Air Force Station in Florida. The Dragon capsule used will return to earth after around one month in orbit, carrying 3,000 pounds of goods from the ISS for the return flight.
The live stream above should go live around 15 minutes prior to the opening of the launch window, so at around 12:16 PM EDT (9:16 AM PDT).
"The road to health is paved with good intestines"-Sherry A. Rogers.The intestines refer to our health officers, resources and institutions and all those who form the basis of the health care system. And so if we make good use of our health workers by providing them with good training and facilities then health of people at large will be improved. It suddens my heart to see, hear and watch individuals loosing their lives either as a result of an infection, a chronic or acute disease, or even lack of financial support. Some of these lives could have been saved if there were sufficient health care providers who seek to provide quality health care to partients at the minimum level, by using the preventive and not curative services.
The preventive service will serve a long way to preventing patients from spending unnecessarily on diseases that could have been easily prevented. As the saying goes"prevention is better than cure". Which is why most resources should be centered at providing preventive services since its necessary for our survival. Physician assistants play a major role in primary helath care,these alarming situations of ill health could be as a result of shortage of physicians in the country. I therefore use this medium to enlighten us all on the PA profession, its benefit and roles, some challenges and how PA can contribute to improved healthcare in Ghana.
A physician assistant (PA) is a healthcare professional who works under the direct supervision of a licensed medical doctor. The job description of a physician assistant is similar to that of a licensed doctor and spans a wide range of duties, from taking the medical history of a patient to setting simple fractures.The name is self-explanatory: physician assistants assist licensed physicians with the examination, diagnosis and treatment of patients in all kinds of healthcare settings, from small private clinics to larger full-fledged hospitals. The only thing they are not trained to do are procedures that are extremely intricate and complicated.
In Ghana PAs are licensed by the Medical and Dental Council (MDC) of Ghana, they form the bedrock for Primary Health Care throughout the country. The PAs work mostly in primary health care seting as they make ammendments for the 8 elements of primary healthcare to be observed. As primary healthcare is aimed at providing preventive care rather than curative, it has encouraged PAs to work harder since they have more time for patients than most medical doctors.
Some clinical roles of Physician assistant include: Recording patients history, Interpreting X-Rays and laboratory tests, Patient examination,Treating minor illnesses and injuries,Suturing ,Administering medications as well as injections,administering First Aid when immediate treatment is necessary and Undertake managerial duties depending upon the job setting .
Some general functions (non-clinical) include;1. Perform comprehensive and problem focused history and physical exams ,2.Collaborate with the other members of the patient's health care team in order to provide an appropriate plan of care ,3.Discriminate between abnormal and normal findings to recognize early stages of physical, emotional, and/or mental problems.4.Documents and communicates relevant patient information comprehensively and in a timely manner ,5.Counsel and educate patients regarding health maintenance and disease prevention" some of the skills one will need to excell in this field include,6.Compassion- a PA must show compassion toward their patients and families who may be in distress, Active listening-The ability to understand what your patients are telling you will allow you to respond appropriately,Verbal communication-You must be able to explain procedures and treatment to patients and caregivers and must be able to Solve problems and think critically- When treating a patient, you will first have to identify his or her illness or injury and come up with a treatment plan. The ability to think critically will allow you to evaluate all possible treatments before choosing the one that is most likely to have the best outcome.
Some challenges and argony PAs face include:
1. the unclear statutes limit their ability to participate in innovations; this is because,PAs are under the supervision of medical doctors and so he or she has to consult first before making any descissions unlike medical doctors who are not under any healthcare professionals supervision .
2. lack of clinical training sites for PAs : in ghana, medical doctors have a site that helps them improve on their clinical skills, even during clinical presentations but PAs are restricted and so will only have to learn from the medical doctors site.
3. overly strict statutes interfere with physicians ability to delegate task to PAs: in the medidcal field anything that should go wrong will be questioned to the one in charge and so if the physician should delegate his work to the PAs, he would be questioned for any wrong doing so to avoid this, everyone has to play his or her part which goes a long way to restric the PAs.
4. lastly, PAs are most at times not respected by nurses and doctors. the doctors are of he believes that the PAs are taking their work and the nurses dont agree to the fact that a PA who just started work is so superior. This has created a lot of tension and enemity among these 3 groups whose work are interelated as studied in functionalism theory.
5. PA are not paid in Ghana which has lead to the varoius strikes that take place most of the time and the government looks unconcerned.
There is less value attached to the PA profession but am I hoping from the enough detailed description given above, the PA program will be understood. and last but not the least, most PAs are either without jobs or are posted to some remote communities of which they have no interest. This limits them from their family and so they are not able to provide necessary care to their patients as well.
To improve the PA program the following should be considered: First of all, create a system for staff/colleague input. Ongoing mechanisms for staff/colleague input can be integrated into monitoring activities. Ensure that these strategies include opportunities for confidential input and feedback. This may be especially important if you are concerned that not all staff are confident speaking openly in meetings such as suggestion box, web based survey etc. Also, develop a strategy for patient feedback. It is equally important to get feedback from patients and their families, and for documenting their responses and questions.
Some mechanisms you one may find useful are: PAs in consultation with other clinicians and staff,can establish a system of tracking patient questions, concerns, or any complaints,at regular staff meetings. Document all comments, and share these with the PA and other providers, confidentially as required . Lastly, PAs assigned to deprived regions or catchment area should be given more incentives that will encourage them to stay in these deprived communities. I also entreat PAs to be devoted to their work with passion to enable individuals to see the effort for their value to be appreciated.
The PA program is worth investing in,considering the many opportunities that comes with it in its provision of healthcare at the basic level. PAs create awareness of most diseases and also establish good interpersonal relationships in the hospitals and communities they operate in.The government together with society should be sensitized that PAs are not competeing with doctors and beseech that the efforts of PAs are recognized and appreciated..THANK YOU.
Ramatu Adamu
LEVEL 200
PA student, UCC
Showbox's “A Taxi Driver” remained on top of the South Korean box office. The Korean drama earned $12.9 million from 1.77 million admissions between Friday and Sunday for a total of $56.0 million from 8.09 million admissions after two weekends. That makes “Taxi Driver” the biggest release of the year, ahead of CJ's action drama “Confidential Assignment,” which earned $55.94 million.
Opening on Wednesday, “Midnight Runners” debuted in second. The Lotte Entertainment release earned $9.53 million between Friday and Sunday for a 5-day total of $13.6 million. Directed by Jason Kim (“Koala”), “Runners” sees the story of two Police University students who witness a kidnapping case and track it down.
Thursday opener, Warner Bros.' “Annabelle: Creation” landed in third. The horror movie earned $6.63 million over opening four days.
Despite a week-on-week drop of 68%, UPI's “Despicable Me 3” jumped to third from the previous week's fourth place. CJ's “The Battleship Island” suffered an even steeper decline.
“Despicable Me” earned $1.16 million between Friday and Sunday for a total of $19.4 million after three weekends. Historical movie, “Battleship Island” earned $823,000 for a three-week total of $43.5 million.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A Second World War soldier's grave has been smeared with faeces in an act labelled "a despicable act by people with no concept of respect".
But the appalling act was quickly reversed by another veteran living nearby who raced around to the cemetery after work and scrubbed his fallen comrade's grave clean immediately.
The clearly marked headstone on the grave of 24-year-old Royal Engineer Reg Granger was desecrated with faeces in St Mary's Churchyard in Lutterworth, Leicestershire, on Friday.
People have taken to social media in their hundreds to express outrage, anger and dismay at the actions of whoever was responsible.
Leicestershire Police are investigating.
(Image: Leicester Mercury WS)
Mr Granger's grave is marked with a Commonwealth War Graves Commission headstone, the Leicester Mercury reports.
It states that he died on 21 August, 1940, and that he was a driver with the Royal Engineers.
He shares his last resting place with his widow, Winifred, who died in 2005, aged 91, never having remarried.
At the foot of the distinctive Commonwealth War Graves Commission headstone is a smaller engraved stone which says: “Together at last, beautiful memories, treasured thoughts of happy days we spent together.”
Enraged ex-serviceman Alan Head, of nearby Broughton Astley, went straight round to the churchyard to clean the mess from the headstone.
(Image: Leicester Mercury WS)
The 49-year-old veteran of the Kings Own Royal Border Regiment said: “They should get hold of this disrespectful little s*** and shove his head down a drain for a fortnight or put them in the Army for a year.
“I really can't think what would be in the mind of somebody who would do something so disrespectful to someone who has died in the service of their country, particularly in the Second World War.
"I can't put it into words that you could print.”
He added: “I heard about it and people were saying they couldn't get time off work to go and clean it, so I went round when I got home from work at 7pm on Friday.
“It was excrement on the headstone, I've got most of it off but it's left a stain.
“The people who did this aren't fit to walk past his grave. I was so incensed when I heard about it.”
Alison Anderton, who recently arranged a celebration of the life of Arnhem hero Jim Duplock in the town, said: “I know it has upset quite a few people. I think it's senseless. Why would you want to do a thing as senseless as that?
“It just beggars belief, I'm lost for words as to why someone would want to do it, it's an absolutely disgusting thing to do to any grave - why on a soldier's grave? What is it with people?
Angry Facebook posts included that of James Kettleton, who said: “May the souls of all the fallen meet this person at the gates of peace and send him straight to internal hell . Mocking the fallen like this is the only way this/ these people would stand a chance against fallen heroes.”
Timothy Roberts: “So angry to see that grave , i can see he was only 24 when he made the ultimate sacrifice, his poor wife lived to be 91 , a lifetime they were never able to enjoy . a despicable act, by people with no concept of respect.”
Margaret Fletcher: “find the hooligan and make him work in the cemetery, he should hang his head in shame at what he has done.”
Judith Hulse: “ I am sickened by the depths of depravity some people sink too. No punishment will remove the obscenity of this action.”
Stephen Dean: “Evil ungrateful b******* .NO shame or morals .Find them and jail them. Take away the freedom given to them by the very brave men and women who fought for it.”
Tricia Dean, churchwarden at St Mary's, said: “The desecration of the grave of Driver R.A.Granger on Friday was deeply upsetting to all of us at Lutterworth Church.
“It is unacceptable that his memorial should be attacked in such a vile manner. However, we want to thank and applaud the actions of the local resident, who, with no prompting, came and cleaned the gravestone. It was a generous act of remembrance to Driver Granger and all those who have made the ultimate sacrifice for their country.”
A Leicestershire Police spokeswoman said: “Damage was caused to a gravestone within the grounds of a church in Church Street, Lutterworth. The incident took place during the evening of Friday 11 August. Enquiries are ongoing into the report. If anyone has any info they are asked to contact 101."
Salim Ahmed
Lahore
Pakistan Automotive Manufacturers Association (PAMA) has appreciated the efforts on the part of government, Board of Investment and Ministry of Industries for attracting new investment in the auto sector and has termed the newly approved Auto Policy a catalyst for attracting new entrants.
Director General PAMA said, “We have participated while the new policy was being formulated and have always supported entry of new investment in the auto sector; as it would help increase the market size, increase the choice to customers and, above all expansion and growth would benefit everybody.”
DG PAMA, while referring to some baseless allegations leveled recently, denounced the sentiments misleading and unfounded wherein the local players have been alleged to be responsible for delays in the processing of the New entrants cases under the new auto policy.
“However, the Board of investment shall be single point of contact for the investor with the government” is the mandatory position stated in the policy and we have no role to play in a matter that is entirely business of the government,” he added.
We understand that all the potential new investors are expected to follow the Eligibility Criterion under the ADP 16 – 21 and fulfill the same in the prescribed manner. Earlier, many new players have received government approval after they have set up plants while the industry, sitting in the Auto Industry Development Committee, fully supported their cases. The allegation against local players are without any basis, therefore, are clearly a fabrication by the interested parties just to invite undue attention to their apparently half-baked cases: the DG Said.
‘However, there should be complete adherence to the policy and no deviation should be made for any specific company else the ADP will forfeit its purpose. Consistency and predictability of the policy is all that industry needs and it can only be ensured through complete adherence to the ADP,' he added.
He regretted that industry is being attributed towards false assumptions, which hurts industry's sentiments.
THE government, on Tuesday, unveiled the country's first National Food Security Policy aimed at eliminating hunger and malnutrition and making food accessible for all, especially the poor. The policy, among other things, envisages 4% annual growth in food production, including crops, livestock and fisheries and will help make the agriculture sector more productive, profitable, competitive and resilient to climate change.
No doubt, commendable progress has been made in the agriculture sector ever since creation of Pakistan, which is evident from the fact that despite rapid population growth the country is not only able to meet basic food requirements of the people but also produce some surplus for export. However, experts say there is much greater potential which remains unrealised because of lack of proper policies and incentives. Pakistan's agricultural productivity ranges between 29% and 52%, far lower than the world's best averages for major commodities. Agricultural commodities, particularly cotton, provide critical inputs for Pakistan's major manufacturing industries. However, lower harvests translate into low industrial production and higher costs. Pakistan ranks ahead of regional competitors like India, Bangladesh and others in terms of resource base and production of various crops. In global rankings, Pakistan is the 4th largest producer of rice; 5th largest producer in dairy; and 7th largest producer of wheat. But we have not been able to exploit these resources and potential to the optimum in the absence of introduction of the latest technologies and techniques as well as marketing. Another serious problem is the highest cost of inputs, rendering the cost of production unsustainable. The government took some measures for reduction of taxes on fertilizers, pesticides and tractors but still the cost of production in Pakistan is much higher than regional or other agricultural countries. Growing shortage of irrigation water is also going to be a major challenge in coming years but regrettably we are affording the luxury of not building water reservoirs and the country will have to pay the price for this short sightedness.
Related
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
SCRANTON — Four stations across Pennsylvania will televise a town hall featuring U.S. Sen. Bob Casey on Wednesday at 7 p.m.
Casey will sit before a studio audience at a Harrisburg TV station, but will take questions from social media and audiences at three other stations across the state, including WYOU-TV in Wilkes-Barre. WYOU will air the town hall and its reporter, Andy Mehalshick, will moderate local questions.
To join the local studio audience, email WYOU news director Rod Jackson at rjackson@pahomepage.com.
— BORYS KRAWCZENIUK
Last week, Motorola refreshed its wildly popular Moto G and Moto E series, among which is the new Moto E5 Play — an ultra-low-cost device targeted at prepaid customers who don't want to spend much more than $100. Everyone's heard the old adage "you get what you pay for," and a few years ago that might've been true to some extent with inexpensive phones. These days, though, you can get a lot of bang for just a little buck; last year's Moto E4 impressed us with surprisingly nice design and performance, and the Moto E5 Play looks to continue that tradition. But if you already have the E4, is there any reason to upgrade to the newer model? What's new with the Moto E5 Play?
The Moto E5 Play takes on a newer look and feel that closely emulates its more expensive counterparts. While the display is still 16:9 and 720p, it's been upsized from 5.0 to 5.2 inches, and the fingerprint sensor now rests on the back of the phone, hidden in the Motorola logo. The camera has also been upgraded, keeping the same 8MP resolution while seeing a bump in aperture from f/2.2 to f/2.0. The Moto E5 Play is also running a newer version of Android — specifically, Android 8.0 Oreo —which could be a significant consideration for some shoppers given Motorola's poor track record with software updates. If you're on a Moto E4 right now, upgrading could be the only way you'll be able to move on from Nougat. See at Motorola Why you might not need to upgrade
PixTeller is a unique little service. Created by a Romanian web designer, Alexandru Roznovat, it is a sort of instant design studio with plenty of ready-made templates so you can create clever Instagram memes or fun book cover designs in a few seconds.
After creating an account you're presented with dozens of pre-made designs that are fairly innocuous. You can select a Facebook header, a book cover, or a snappy meme.
You then begin editing. Everything on the screen works like a vector graphic – except, obviously, photographs – and you can edit text and add shapes like you would in a standard design program. Like Tinkercad it makes for a fun and easy way to get small design projects done with a minimum of fuss. The service is free to try and $9 a month if you want to download edited documents without a watermark. You can share images with friends for comment.
“Our Editor is really fast to use. For example, I created all our current templates (more than 4000 designs) in about 3 weeks.” Roznovat told ImpactCEE. Roznovat previously worked at web applications house Geco.ro
Web-based software seems like a great solution for, say, folks with tablets or smaller laptops. While it will never truly replace a good design tool I could see this as a way to sketch out ideas and share them quickly. The company launched about a year ago but things have been quiet. Here's hoping we can all up our meme game in 2017 thanks to tools like this one.
Four men responsible for kidnapping a man from Peterborough have today (Friday) been jailed for a total of more than 35 years.
On the evening of December 18 last year (2016), the victim, a man in his 20s, was at his home in Peterborough when he heard a knock at the door. Before opening it he asked who it was and a man replied saying it was the police.
Ross Bright
He opened the door and was greeted by two men who told him they wanted to speak with him about a matter in Ilford and asked him to get into their car.
He felt something wasn't right so told his wife to call the police to check the situation. On hearing this the two men barged their way into the house, covered the victim's head with a jumper and bundled him into the back of a Mitsubishi Warrior.
The men took his mobile phone from him and said he owed them £20,000, stating ‘you're going to tell people you owe the money', before beating him around the head.
The two men who bundled the victim into the Mitsubishi were later identified as being 38-year-old Nigel Collins and 31-year-old Alex Callcut. Collins was also the driver of the car.
Tyssen Newland
A third man, who was waiting in the back of the Mitsubishi, was identified as 36-year-old Tyssen Newland.
The Mitsubishi set off towards London, with the victim being assaulted, threatened and made to call members of his family claiming he owed money and they need to pay in order to secure his release.
The group eventually arrived in Dagenham at The Unorthodox Gym where they met Ross Bright, 30, who led the group inside. Once inside, the victim was threatened with rape and continued to be physically assaulted and threatened with violence.
The men kept making financial demands for his release before he was taken back outside to a vehicle and driven to the Perth Road area of Ilford where he was pushed out of the car with his head still covered, wearing just shorts, a t-shirt and no shoes.
Alexander Callcutt
He immediately sought help by going into a nearby pub and asking the landlord for assistance.
All four men were charged with conspiracy to kidnap earlier this year (2017). Bright and Newland pleaded guilty, while Collins and Callcut denied the charges against them but were found guilty on Monday (October 2) following a trial at Cambridge Crown Court.
A fifth person, 38-year-old Nina Siaperas, who is also known as Nina Cranstoun, of Rushden Gardens in Ilford, East London, was also charged with conspiracy to kidnap, however she was found not guilty following a trial at Cambridge Crown Court.
Today (Friday) all four men appeared at Cambridge Crown Court for sentencing. Newland, of Treecot Drive in Leigh-on-Sea, Essex, was sentenced to 14 years in prison, while Callcut, of Highfield Road in Romford, and Collins, of Fremantle Road in Ilford, were both given 10 years. Bright, of Highfield Road in Romford, was jailed for three-and-a-half years.
Nigel Collins
All four men have been made subject of a life-long restraining order prohibiting them from contacting the victim or his family.
Detective Chief Inspector Jerry Waite, from the Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire Major Crime Unit, said: “Mobile phone evidence shows the defendants met on December 18 in the afternoon at the Unorthodox Gym before Newland, Collins and Callcut set off to Peterborough.
“The length of the sentences issued today just shows the severity of this crime which was clearly an organised kidnapping which has had a detrimental effect on not only the victim but also his family.”
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
ESCONDIDO, Calif. - A retired security guard was behind bars Monday for allegedly murdering a retiree in northern San Diego County more than three decades ago, according to KSWB.
“A promise was made 32 years ago by the daughter of the decedent, that we would find and bring the killer to justice and that's happened,” said Escondido Police Chief Craig Carter. Nathan Eugene Mathis, 62, was arrested last week at his Ontario home in connection with the fatal stabbing of 75-year-old Richard Finney of Escondido, according to police.
On the morning of Nov. 13, 1986, Finney was found stabbed to death in his living-room chair at the East Mission Avenue apartment where he lived by himself, Lt. Ed Varso said. Money, jewelry and other miscellaneous items belonging to the victim had been stolen.
Detectives who initially investigated the homicide collected evidence at the crime scene, including two knives used in the deadly assault, fingerprints, and blood. They were unable to identify a suspect, however, and the case eventually went cold, the lieutenant said.
In 2007, Escondido Police Department cold-case homicide investigators Chuck Gaylor and Norman Wight reopened the investigation.
"Technological advances not available in 1986 allowed them to have further testing completed on the previously collected blood evidence," Varso said. "The testing revealed the DNA profile of a potential suspect."
The newly obtained information was compared with known genetic profiles in a national database but resulted in no matches.
It's incredibly frustrating because having a bloody palm print with two DNA profiles, suspect, and victim's blood on this blood print it's basically having the silver bullet for a case,” said Retired Escondido Police Sgt. Chuck Gaylor.
In 2016, EPD forensic fingerprint expert Cassaundra Barnes used new technology that allowed for a better quality photograph of a fingerprint collected from Finney's apartment. The improved image, in combination with advances in fingerprint comparison databases and comparisons of Mathis' DNA with the genetic material collected from Finney's apartment in 1986, led to Mathis' identification as a suspect in the case.
Mathis was booked into county jail in Vista, where he is being held on a $3 million bail.
“The victim is deceased, he was stabbed to death 31 times and now you have a mixture of his blood along with the suspects. So it's frustrating in the sense that until you can get a name to compare absent making a hit through CODIS, you just have to wait, and be persistent,” said Gaylor.
The motive for the slaying remains unclear, the lieutenant said. Though Mathis lived in northern San Diego County at the time, there is no evidence that he knew the victim or had met him prior to the homicide, according to Varso.
Sen. George Baker warned “tens of thousands” of criminal charges risk being tossed next year as a result of the Supreme Court's ruling last July in a drug case called “Jordan,” which set 18-month deadlines for trials in provincial courts, and 30-month ceilings on trials in superior courts.
The Senate committee on legal and constitutional affairs released a report Wednesday that makes 50 recommendations to speed up criminal trials, saying what's needed is a complete rethink of the Canadian criminal justice system, not drop-dead timelines.
OTTAWA—A group of senators slammed the Supreme Court of Canada for being “out of step with reality” and careening “off a cliff” in its attempt to curb trial delays by setting rigid deadlines the justice system can't currently realistically meet.
Baker, an independent appointed by a previous Liberal government, and Conservative Sen. Bob Runciman said the Supreme Court did not have enough data last year about the potential impact of its Jordan ruling “before it stepped off a cliff” and imposed the new trial timelines.
Yet the senate committee report says it is not the high court's fault that despite rulings in 1990 and 1992 intended to curb delays, trial delays have become an endemic part of the system.
“Legislative solutions can take you only so far,” Runciman said. “It's the legal culture we need to change. Delay is regarded as the norm. Cases are adjourned routinely for no good reasons.”
The report even used the language of the Supreme Court, and laid blame for the “culture of complacency” at the feet of all players, especially successive federal governments for failing to legislate reasonable trial timelines, failing to swiftly fill judicial vacancies and for leaving too much of the administration of justice — which is a provincial responsibility — to the provinces alone.
It said Ottawa can do a lot to prompt change by properly funding provincial legal aid programs to cover self-represented litigants — whose inability to navigate the system contributes to delay, to increase pay for defence counsel to a nationally standardized rate and to increase spending on RCMP forensic testing labs which cannot keep up with demand.
The report recommends that Ottawa legislate other remedies that judges can impose when trials run too long. Instead of using a sledgehammer — ordering a halt to proceedings when the Charter right to a speedy trial is violated — it said judges should have the ability to hand out lower sentences or order the Crown to pay the legal costs of a defendant whose rights were violated.
Lawyer Frank Addario, former president of the Criminal Lawyers Association of Ontario, said the senators' report “is smart and thoughtful. Their suggestions would improve the delay problem.”
“But it's a fatal miscalculation to think government will continue to worry about justice delay if drastic remedies are eliminated. If the crisis conditions lift, the benign neglect will return.”
The committee wants the federal government to do a thorough review of the impact of mandatory minimum sentences on trial delays, something the Liberal government is already undertaking. Runciman admitted in an interview that mandatory minimum penalties, which he supported when the previous Conservative government expanded them, may deter defendants from pleading guilty and so contribute to trial delays — a significant concession from the former provincial public safety minister and a Conservative appointee to the senate.
The report called on federal and provincial governments to lay out a national strategy for immediate action and a funding plan to modernize justice systems, including better use of computer technology and video-conferencing to manage cases, and better data collection to make evidence-based reforms.
“The lack of robust case management by the judiciary” is the most important factor contributing to delays and the “culture of complacency” the Supreme Court identified in Jordan, the senators concluded.
Runciman told how in Alberta, senators sat in on a hearing where the defence asked for an adjournment, and the prosecutor said the case had already been adjourned 19 times. The judge's response was, “We'll give you one more.” Runciman added when he asked an unnamed chief judge in Alberta about cracking down on judges who grant unnecessary adjournments, he was told: “They're my colleagues; that wouldn't be appropriate.”
Clear statistics are hard to come by, but the report says that the rate of serious crime is down, but delays are increasing. The number of cases that were disposed of in criminal courts has decreased “19 per cent in the last five years,” said Runciman.
The report recommends longer sitting hours, including summer trials, the diversion of mentally ill offenders including those suffering from drug and alcohol addictions to health services, more staff to support Indigenous persons in the justice system, an end to “overcharging” and ways to shift “administration of justice” offences (such as breaching bail and probation conditions) out of criminal courts.
It called on Justice Minister Jody Wilson-Raybould to design a national strategy for immediate actions that will ensure victims and defendants are fairly treated. It said she should develop a funding plan to modernize computer technology to manage cases and ensure better data collection to make evidence-based reforms. But the senators said they could not put a price tag on what all their recommendations could cost.
The report supported calls for a legislated end to preliminary inquiries in criminal cases because, as Runciman said, they are often used by defence counsel to test the Crown's case, when in fact the Supreme Court has already ruled Crown attorneys are required to disclose pretrial all relevant evidence to the defence. Yet Runciman acknowledged it's not a big factor as preliminary hearings are held in less than five per cent of cases, he said.
Representatives of prosecutors and defence counsel across Canada welcomed the breadth of the report's recommendations, even though all said they might disagree with certain proposals.
“It's a reinvention of the criminal justice system,” that doesn't take a “silo” approach, said Bill Trudell, chair of the Canadian Council of Criminal Defence Lawyers. “When they talk about too many people in custody, proper funding for Indigenous court workers, a properly funded legal aid plan, getting rid of mandatory minimums, discretion, the administration of justice offences . . . It's really comprehensive.”
Rick Woodburn, president of the Canadian Association of Crown Counsel, said the report isn't “alarmist” but “realist.”
“What's important for people to know is (the ruling in) Jordan didn't start this,” he said. “The crisis started long before Jordancame out.” Woodburn said he “absolutely” welcomed the proposal that judges have a range of options other than tossing out cases that drag on too long, as well as the recommendations to quickly name judges to fill gaps, fund legal aid, support Indigenous defendants and especially the call to increase money for RCMP forensic labs. Woodburn said “a huge part” of delays in serious cases such as murder and sex assault is due to closures of RCMP forensic labs and the inability of those which remain to process all the evidence that is sent.
NDP leader Thomas Mulcair agreed with the call to swiftly name judges, blaming the Trudeau government for failing to heed the Supreme Court's warnings. “They're just not a very competent government. They're not good at governing . . . they should have proceeded with those nominations rapidly, and they're still not acting.”
“And that's part of this tragedy because I'm as frustrated as anybody in Canadian society when I see a murderer or a rapist being let go because they haven't had their trial on time.”
The Supreme Court of Canada ruling in Jordan could be clarified Friday when the high court releases another judgment in a Newfoundland drug trafficking case known as “Cody.” The high court last July set a ceiling for trials, which said delays caused by or waived by the defence do not count toward the calculation of the time a trial takes.
Tennis: Nishikori skips Cincinnati Masters due to injury
by Reuters News 14 Aug 2017, 10:52 IST
Aug 9, 2017; Montreal, Quebec, Canada; Kei Nishikori of Japan serves against Gael Monfils of France (not pictured) during the Rogers Cup tennis tournament at Uniprix Stadium. Eric Bolte-USA TODAY Sports/Files
REUTERS - Japan's Kei Nishikori has become the latest top 10 player to pull out of this week's Cincinnati Masters after the world number nine withdrew from the U.S. Open warmup event due to pain from a long-standing right wrist injury.
The 27-year-old, who had been seeded fifth and given a first-round bye, had flown to the host city before making the call to withdraw.
"Unfortunately I will not be able to play in Cincy," Nishikori wrote in English on his official app.
"Today (Sunday) during practice I felt a sharp pain in my right wrist and we are now visiting with the medical specialists to discuss the diagnosis. We will provide more details after we have more information."
Nishikori joins world number one Andy Murray, last year's champion Marin Cilic, U.S. Open winner Stan Wawrinka and 12-times major champ Novak Djokovic on the list of players skipping the event through injury.
Both Wawrinka (knee) and Djokovic (elbow) have opted to end their seasons early to recover from their ailments, while Murray (hip) faces the prospect of losing his top ranking should either Rafa Nadal or Roger Federer win the Cincinnati event.
The U.S. Open is the final grand slam of the year and runs from Aug. 28-Sept. 10 in New York.
(Writing by John O'Brien in Singapore; Editing by Peter Rutherford)
0 SHARES Share Tweet
Incumbent Mabatini MCA in Mathare Constituency Wilfred Odalo yesterday trounced his rivals in ODM repeat nominations held yesterday in Mathare.
Odalo beat his five rivals garnering 239 votes against his closest rival John Obonyo's 98 votes.
The High Court had ordered ODM party to repeat nominations in the area after it nullified Odalo's win.
Odalo expressed satisfaction with the way nominations promising to serve Mabatini MCAs better if elected the second term.
about the author: Ghetto Radio
ISLAMABAD, Aug 14 (APP): Words cannot find description
as the fabulously flown avions whizzed past engrossed crowd
watching with held breath, the adroitly manoeuvered air
formations of Pakistan, Turkish and Saudi Air Forces on Monday
to add colour and sound to 70th Independence Day of Pakistan.
President Mamnoon Hussain was the chief guest on the
occasion. Chief of Air Staff, Air Chief Marshal Suhail Aman,
senior military officials, diplomats and a large number of
people were present on the sprawling Fatima Jinnah (F-9) park
to witness the skills of pilots.
The show was led by Pakistan Air Force pilots with
dazzling formation of Mirage jets and SAAB-2000, followed by
Augusta-139 helicopters with perfect left and right manouvers
by decreasing and increasing their speed.
To express solidarity with Pakistan on its independence
day, the Turkish and Saudi Air Forces participated in the show
to the amazement of the sky gazers.
The special appearance of “Solo Turk” the renowned
Turkish Air Force team, proved their acrobatic skills by
flying F-16.
A Turk pilot put the aircraft to an amazing limit by
emitting flare, adding spectacular display of visualization of
smoke-winders at its each tip.
The six Saudi Hawks with their criss-cross formations
was another feast for the senses which was reciprocated by
thunderous applause by the spectators.
The formation also presented salute to the President by
flying on lower altitude.
Pakistan Air Force MI7 helicopter hovered over the venue
dropping personnel of the elite Special Services Group whereas
PUMA helicopters also made a fly past.
These were effectively used by the Pakistan air force in
its campaigns against terrorists and rescue operation.
Then appeared on the horizon, JF-17 Thunder ‘the pride
of Pakistan' the multi-purpose aircraft which performed with
horizontal and inverted flying.
Another feature of the show was the Tri-Services free
fall display by Special Services personnel from Shahbaz, Sea
Eagle and Shelter teams at a speed of 180km per hour to 250km
per hour through nose-diving.
The skydivers landed at their specific ground marks on
the ground to the perfection of their skills.
A large number of people carrying national flags watched
the show with enthusiasm and kept on chanting patriotic
slogans and cheering every manoeuver.
Rawalpindi
Police in their crackdowns against anti-social elements have arrested 14 lawbreakers including four kite sellers and two drunkards besides recovering 1330 grams charras, 10 liter liquor, four pistols 30 bore with 11 rounds, 2151 kites and six kite flying string rolls from their possession.
According to police spokesman, Airport police rounded up Zaheer for having 1130 grams charras. Pirwadhai police arrested Arif for carrying 10 liters liquor while Waris Khan police rounded up Mohsin and Waqas who were allegedly under the influence of alcohol.—APP
I would like to correct a misstatement in my Letter to the Editor “Blan library pays utility bills like everyone else (June 21).” Since publication, I have been made aware that the library does receive a special financial consideration from the Board of Public Affairs.
Unbeknownst to the current Board of Trustees and Administration, the library has a second electric meter covering part of the building for which the BPA has historically not billed the library. And without any prior communication with the library, the Village Council recently passed an ordinance authorizing this.
I apologize, and I thank the BPA and Village Council for this contribution toward helping the library serve the Blanchester area.
Chris Owens
Director,
Blanchester Public Library
PLEASE LOG IN FOR PREMIUM CONTENT. Our website requires visitors to log in to view the best local news from The Eunice News. Not yet a subscriber? Subscribe today!
There's Even More to Love at SmartPak
Press Release
SmartPak is excited to introduce the newest and hottest products to their lineup of apparel for the fall season. From new additions to their exclusive line of Piper breeches, to exciting new brands like Kimes, Goode Rider and Parlanti, there is sure to be something for everyone.
“Our merchandising team has hand-picked everything for the fall season, based on all of the feedback we've received from our customers,” said Colleen Norve, Vice President of Merchandising at SmartPak. “We're really excited to not only be expanding our SmartPak brand of products, but also bringing on new third-party brands, which is sure to generate plenty of excitement.”
With thousands of 5-star reviews, Piper Breeches by SmartPak continue to be a customer favorite. New for the fall season, SmartPak has introduced three new styles as well as additional color options to the original Pipers. The new styles include the Piper Tan Knee Patch Breeches, Piper Plaid Knee Patch Breeches, and the Piper Knit Fleece Lined Breeches.
All of the new styles encompass everything you love about Piper including; durable materials with shape retention, wide contoured waist band, and an ergonomic shaped panel at the calf. The Tan Knee Patch Breeches are available in two classic colors, while the Plaid Knee Patch Breeches are available in two fun patterns.
For those cooler months, the Piper Knit Fleece Lined Breeches are a smart choice. The brushed fleece interior is designed for comfort and warmth without the bulk. The herringbone pattern silicone also provides superior grip in the saddle. These breeches are available in all three cuts – knee patch, full seat, and boot cut.
Of course, SmartPak has also introduced new colors to the original line of Piper Breeches including Lapis Blue with Orange Spice, Dove Grey with Indigo Blue, Taupe with Rouge Red (knee patch only), and Charcoal with Sage Green (full seat only). The Piper Plaid Full Seat breeches are also available in three new colors – Lapis Blue with Black Houndstooth, Mocha with Chocolate, and Purple Iris with Charcoal. The matching colors are also available in the Piper V-Neck longsleeve and shortsleeve shirts to complete the look.
In addition to all of the new Piper items, SmartPak has also picked up apparel from some of the industry's top brands. The company continues to expand its western offering of Kimes Jeans with the addition of the Kimes Ranch Women's Betty Jeans which are made with only the best denim and designed for the best fit with a proper fitted upper thigh and knee. Also new for the fall, Goode Rider offers a selection of breeches, shirts, and outerwear. The apparel is designed to be fashionable and functional for the equestrian athlete. Finally, SmartPak is pleased to offer a selection of Parlanti Boots, including the Denver Dress Boot and the Miami Field Boot.
Shopping online isn't a hassle when you order from SmartPak, because the company offers free shipping on all orders over $75 and free returns on all sized items. To learn more about all of the new products available, visit www.SmartPak.com
We are just days away from the start of the 2017 PGA Tour season, and there is so much to look forward to.
What kind of year will Jordan Spieth have? Can anybody win multiple majors in 2017?
Our panel sifts through those questions and more in this week's edition of Monday Four-Ball.
1. What do you expect from Jordan Spieth in 2017?
ESPN SportsCenter anchor Jonathan Coachman: I expect a big-time bounce-back. I expect at least one win, and I think he will face his demons at Augusta. By the time he tees it up there, he will be just fine. I also think he will speed up his play, which will help him indirectly recover faster to bad things that happen. This will be a big year for Spieth, and I fully expect him to control his own destiny by being in the top 5 in Atlanta at the Tour Championship.
Jordan Spieth's return to Augusta, where he won the Masters in 2015 and melted down in 2016, will be one of the biggest stories of 2017. Kevin C. Cox/Getty Images
ESPN.com senior golf writer Michael Collins: Spieth will have a season somewhere between 2015 and 2016. He won't win two majors, but he'll contend in three. I see him winning three times in 2017, with one of those wins being either a major or the Players Championship.
ESPN.com senior golf writer Bob Harig: Getting in the mix again in all the majors and bouncing back from 2016 -- a term Spieth hates. He says last year was a strong one, in which he recorded two victories and was a poor back nine from winning a second Masters. And he's right. But he contended in all the majors in 2015 and won five times. Expect him closer to 2015 than 2016.
ESPN.com senior golf editor Kevin Maguire: A multiple-win season, which isn't a given considering the depth of talent on the PGA Tour these days. I'd expect at least serious contention in a couple of majors, with a good chance of winning one. Spieth's return to Augusta National will be watched closely, especially after a year when his blowup on the 12th hole cost him a second green jacket. His reaction under that microscope could foretell how the rest of his year will go.
ESPN.com senior golf writer Jason Sobel: Something between his 2015 season and his 2016 season. Two years ago, Spieth had a historic year, winning the Masters and U.S. Open, then nearly duplicating the feat at the Open Championship and PGA Championship. Last year was largely viewed as a down year for him, even though he points out that he won three times -- two as an individual plus the Ryder Cup, which he counts toward his personal total. About 99 percent of the PGA Tour would love to have that kind of "down year," but I think Spieth will be even better in 2017. Just don't expect him to win two majors every year; that's setting the bar too high.
2. Which top-10 player has the best chance to win multiple majors in 2017?
Coachman: Rory McIlroy. Winning the Tour Championship in spectacular fashion reminded him of how dynamic and powerful he is. He still needs a green jacket to complete the career Grand Slam. We know his game travels anywhere, and now that he is locked in on just golf again, the sky is the limit. He absolutely is playing well enough to win two majors this year.
Collins: Dustin Johnson has the game that could win three majors this coming year. I don't think he'll do it, but his game and swing is now built for it. I don't believe any man will win multiple majors in 2017.
Harig: Dustin Johnson. One of these days he will contend at Augusta, and he has proven that he can play well at U.S. Open courses. The Open venues are also ripe for him. Nobody would be surprised to see D.J. take more than one major.
Maguire: Rory McIlroy. Even though he doesn't own a green jacket yet, Augusta National is still set up well for the Northern Irishman. And if nothing else, the PGA Championship will be at Quail Hollow, a course he has won on before, even though it will have undergone somewhat of a facelift prior to 2017.
Sobel: As I wrote in an edition of Four-Ball recently, Rory McIlroy's best is slightly better than the best of every other elite player. He could provide some separation between himself and the field this year. It has been eight tries since his last major win, but it wouldn't be a surprise to see him peel off two in a row during a hot stretch, just like he did back in 2014.
3. Which major are you looking forward to most in 2017?
Coachman: Masters. I can hardly stand it. It's always my favorite, but think about the storylines. Can Spieth bounce back? Can McIlroy complete the career Grand Slam? Is Jason Day going to get healthy? And last, but not least, which Tiger Woods will drive down Magnolia Lane to return to the Masters? Hopefully for Woods, he'll collect another green jacket.
Collins: The Masters. It's the Super Bowl, Daytona 500, Kentucky Derby and Christmas Eve at church (even if you're not religious, you can appreciate the beauty) all wrapped up in one. So much hope and expectations -- and a new bazillion-dollar media center for us! Honestly, it's the tournament I miss the most, yet as soon as I get there, I can't wait to leave.
Harig: The Masters. It is the next one, and yet so far away. There is always a good bit of anticipation for the first one.
Maguire: The Masters always gets the juices flowing, but I'm also looking forward to the U.S. Open since it's on a course that so few players, and even fewer fans, have seen. Erin Hills in Wisconsin will provide a unique test where par is a good score -- that's a given. Hopefully it's a little less controversial than Chambers Bay in 2015, the last time the USGA went to an unknown venue.
Sobel: The Masters. Why? Because it's the Masters. That's why.
Editor's Picks Over-saturation problem needs fixing As Jay Monahan starts his new gig as PGA Tour commish, we offer advice for the new boss in his first week on the job. Topic No. 1? Jason Sobel solves the too-many-tournaments problem.
4. Which PGA Tour event (non-major category) are you most looking forward to?
Coachman: The Zurich Classic in New Orleans. I love that it has been changed into a team event. I love that guys can pick their own partners like Jason Day, Rickie Fowler, Justin Rose and Henrik Stenson. Add that there are full FedEx Cup points on the line, and I believe this event is going to become one of the most popular stops on tour because it is so different. We saw this year that partner events are becoming increasingly more popular, and this one will be at the top of the list for me.
Collins: The Zurich Classic. It has been a while since there was a team event that counted. I'm already jacked up about how many players have already started talking to potential partners. When a format like this has buzz this early behind the scenes, instead of scorn or trepidation, it makes me proud of the men playing and representing our sport today.
Harig: The Zurich Classic of New Orleans. The change to a two-man team format has given this tournament a boost. It will be interesting to see how it is embraced and if it leads to other unique formats.
Maguire: It has nothing to do with the golf inside the ropes, but the Arnold Palmer Invitational at Bay Hill will likely be one of the most emotional tournaments of the year. With The King's passing last September, expect plenty of tributes to Palmer that will exemplify just how beloved he is, both in golf and sports in general.
Sobel: It's early in the year, but I think the Farmers Insurance Open has a chance to put golf on the map of the mainstream sports landscape early -- and keep it there. Played in the week between the NFL's conference championship games and the Super Bowl, the festivities at Torrey Pines could set the tone for what should be another entertaining year in the game.
A A A
The Latest: Fed cuts inflation, unemployment rate forecasts
FILE - In this Thursday, March 23, 2017, file photo, Federal Reserve Chair Janet Yellen steps offstage after speaking at the Federal Reserve System Community Development Research Conference in Washington. There isn't much suspense about what the Fed will announce when its latest policy meeting ends: That it's raising its key short-term rate for the third time in six months. But anticipation surrounds the possibility that the Fed could signal policy shifts in a statement it will issue, in updated economic forecasts and in a news conference with Yellen. (AP Photo/Cliff Owen, File) FILE - In this Thursday, March 23, 2017, file photo, Federal Reserve Chair Janet Yellen steps offstage after speaking at the Federal Reserve System Community Development Research Conference in Washington. There isn't much suspense about what the Fed will announce when its latest policy meeting ends: That it's raising its key short-term rate for the third time in six months. But anticipation surrounds the possibility that the Fed could signal policy shifts in a statement it will issue, in updated economic forecasts and in a news conference with Yellen. (AP Photo/Cliff Owen, File) More News
Video
Buy AP Photo Reprints
(AP) — The Latest on the Federal Reserve's monetary policy meeting (all times local):
___
2:05 p.m.
Federal Reserve policymakers lowered their forecasts for inflation and unemployment, and continued to predict they would raise rates once more this year.
Fed officials now expect the U.S. unemployment rate to end the year at 4.3 percent, down from the 4.5 percent they predicted in March. They are just catching up with reality: The jobless rate has dropped with unexpected speed — to a 16-year-low 4.3 percent in May.
The policymakers now expect their favored measure of inflation to come in at 1.6 percent this year, down from the 1.9 percent they expected in March and below their 2 percent target. Annual inflation is running at 1.7 percent.
They increased their projections for economic growth this year to 2.2 percent from the 2.1 percent they forecast in March. They continue to expect the economy to grow 2.1 percent next year and 1.9 percent in 2019. These rates are well below the Trump administration growth goals of 3 percent a year.
The Fed raised the short-term rate it controls to a range of 1 percent to 1.25 percent, the second hike this year and the third in six months. The policymakers signaled that they still expect to raise rates once more in 2017.
___
2:00 p.m.
The Federal Reserve is hiking a key interest rate for the second time this year and is planning to reduce the size of its $4.5 trillion balance sheet as well.
Fed officials voted 8-1 to raise the federal funds rate to a range of 1 to 1.25 percent. The rate sets what banks can charge each other for overnight loans and influences the availability and flow of money in the U.S. economy. Only Neel Kashkari, president of the Minneapolis Fed bank, opposed the increase.
The Fed also says it expects to begin reducing its balance sheet this year "provided the economy evolves broadly as anticipated." This would reduce its holdings of Treasury and mortgage-backed bonds, which they acquired in the wake of the financial crisis to support economic growth. Fed officials project growth of roughly 2 percent in 2017.
___
1:00 p.m.
The Federal Reserve is expected to announce plans to lift a key interest rate at 2 p.m. Eastern time.
Fed officials are wrapping up their two-day June meeting. Most analysts believe the Fed will raise the federal funds rate — what banks charge each other for short-term loans — for the second time this year. Fed officials previously increased the rate in March to a range of 0.75 to 1 percent. There was only one rate increase in both 2015 and 2016.
Financial markets have been anticipating the increase. U.S. stock markets were relatively flat through afternoon trading, while the yields on 10-year Treasury notes had fallen to 2.11 percent.
___
4:35 a.m.
World stock markets and the dollar are firm ahead of an expected interest rate increase by the U.S. Federal Reserve.
Germany's DAX index is up 0.4 percent and Britain's FTSE 100 0.1 percent. In Asia, Japan's Nikkei 225 ended the day marginally lower. Some gains are expected on Wall Street later, with the futures for both the Dow and S&P 500 up 0.1 percent.
In currency markets, the dollar is up to 110.22 yen from Tuesday's 110.04 yen. It is roughly flat against the pound, at $1.2758.
The U.S. central bank is widely predicted to nudge up its benchmark rate by a quarter point on Wednesday, to a range of 1 percent to 1.25 percent.
DAVIE, Fla. -- The second day of mandatory minicamp for the Miami Dolphins on Wednesday had several hundred uninvited guests.
A swarm of bees packed one corner of the practice field near the bleachers and caused the team to switch ends of the field toward the close of practice.
The Dolphins noticed the bees after a deep passing play in the insects' direction to receiver DeVante Parker, who caught the pass in the end zone over cornerback Xavien Howard.
"I was standing right in the middle of it," Dolphins coach Adam Gase said. "I was starting to see all of those somethings flying around and I didn't know what was going on. Then a couple of guys were freaking out."
Parker kept his full concentration and made the impressive catch. Then, Parker began to trash talk with some teammates in the direction of the bees. The team went to the opposite side of the field soon after.
No one was stung or needed treatment, Gase said.
There were no bees present at the start of practice. But by the end of the nearly two-hour session, a large group had formed.
"It was towards the end of practice and it got to the point where I was like, 'I'm not going to run. If they get me, they get me,'" Dolphins guard Jermon Bushrod said. "That was pretty weird and it was funny because we moved all the way down to the other end and you could still kind of see the swarm of them down at the other end."
Even 6-foot-4, 305-pound Pro Bowl defensive tackle Ndamukong Suh didn't want anything to do with the swarm.
"I'm not a fan of bees," Suh said afterward. "I've been around yellow jackets in Jamaica and all that stuff. I'm not too scared of them, but I'd rather not be stung if I didn't have to be."
The Dolphins will wrap up their three-day minicamp on Thursday, most likely without the uninvited guests.
Four thousand horsepower is quite a lot to manage even for the most serious drivers on the planet. And every time a drag racer climbs into the cockpit, he or she knows there's a risk at hand. The circumstances were no different with this Chevrolet C7 Corvette dragster, which encountered a nasty accident on the dragstrip.
During runs at Tulsa Raceway Park, driver Daniel Pharris caught air while rocketing down the track. Not the good kind of air, either.
CHECK OUT: Anatomy of a record-setting Top Fuel run
As you watch the video you'll see that the twin-turbocharged Corvette lifts off the ground nose end first and looks to be on the verge of a backflip before the weight of the car brings it crashing back down to Earth in the opposite lane. It makes the overzealous wheelie performed by the car in the other lane look like child's play. Thankfully, despite the horrific looking scene, the other driver is able to stop (due to a poor run caused by that wheelie) before a real problem occurs, and Pharris climbs out of the Corvette unharmed.
DON'T MISS: 2018 Dodge Demon delivers 840 horsepower, does 0-60 in 2.3 seconds
The Corvette, on the other hand? Not so much. The impact slams the front clip into the ground and spreads pieces of shrapnel that were once performance parts all across the track.
The video not only captures the accident from the starting line, but goes on to show the mishap from farther on down the track, and from inside the cockpit, too.
As you can imagine, race day was over for the 4,000-hp Corvette. But, knowing how gearheads operate, the Corvette will likely be back on the track before we know it for a proper pass down the dragstrip, this time with perhaps better aerodynamics to prevent it from catching any unwanted air.
_______________________________________
Follow Motor Authority on Facebook, Twitter and YouTube.
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
There will be a lot of star power for this summer's 83rd Scranton Lions Club Dream Game.
Twenty Times-Tribune All-Region players were selected to play in the football classic scheduled for July 19 at 7 p.m. at John Henzes/Veterans Memorial Stadium.
North Pocono linebacker Ben Dial, last season's defensive player of the year, headlines the group and will play for the City all-star team that will be coached by Scranton's Michael Marichak. The City team has 11 All-Region players on the roster.
North Pocono, the District 2 Class 4A champion, and Abington Heights, the Class 5A champion, had the most selectees with seven each.
North Pocono running back Matt Craig and linebacker Tyler Musgrave join their teammate, Dial.
Scranton Prep, which won the District 2 Class 3A title and advanced to the PIAA quarterfinals, has four All-Region players on the City roster. Quarterback and punter Jake Ryan, linebacker Braden Burrier and Kyle Polishan and Max Borgia, a pair of all-state linemen, will represent the
Cavaliers.
Dunmore running back Kyle Lasher and linebacker Nicholas Lawler, who helped their team win the District 2 Class 2A title, Lackawanna Trail fullback Thomas Huffsmith, who led the Lions to the District 2 Class 1A crown, and Wallenpaupack lineman Zach Rode, who is headed to Cornell University, are other All-Region players for the City.
Leading the County will be Abington Heights defensive back/quarterback/kicker/punter Colin McCreary and defensive lineman Logan Hivner. Both were All-Region players last season. The County will be coached by Abington Heights' Joe Repshis,
Delaware Valley will have players on the County roster for the first time under the new alignment of schools. The District 2 Class 6A champion has two All-Region players on the roster — defensive end John Manganella and wide receiver Tyler Smith.
Defensive backs Evan Carey and Jake Osborne, and lineman Bryan Hudak are All-Region players from Valley View on the County.
Lakeland defensive end Rob Bomba and Riverside wide receiver Nick Sottile are the other All-Region players for the County.
The City won eight of the last 11 games by an average of 16.1 points, including the last two, 41-6, and 35-8, and hold a 41-37-4 lead in the series.
Last season's game drew 7,468 fans.
Media Day is set for July 10 at 6 p.m. at John Henzes/Veterans Memorial
Stadium.
Teams will practice July 11-15 and have walk-through practices July 17-18.
Contact the writer:
jbfawcett@timesshamrock.com; 570-348-9125;
@JobyFawcett26 on Twitter
COUNTY
Coach: Joe Repshis, Abington Heights
Abington Heights: Nick Badalamente (OL/DL); Brandon Hardy (WR/DB); Logan Hivner (DL); Corey Justave (OL); Nick Kerekes (TE/DE); Colin McCreary (QB/DB/K/P); Tom Rothenberger (DB).
Carbondale Area: Dominic Gigliotti (FB/LB).
Delaware Valley: John Actisdano (OL/DL); Kyle Dillon (RB/LB); John Manganella (FB/DE); Jake Mills (OL/DL); Trevor Smith (WR/DB); Tyler Smith (WR/DB).
Honesdale: Tyler Taninies (OL/LB).
Lakeland: Rob Bomba (DE/TE); Eddie Cavalier (OL/DL); Eric Ferko (FB/LB); Kevin Johnson (DE); Michael Lowry (RB/LB).
Mid Valley: Zach Fiume (FB/LB); Tom Malandri (OL/DL); Colin Munley (WR/LB).
Old Forge: Trevor Brown (OL/DL).
Riverside: Riley Gaughan (OL/LB); Cody Glogowski (QB); Billy Nash (TE/LB); Nick Sottile (WR/DB); Paul Coleman (RB).
Valley View: Evan Carey (WR/DB); Bryan Hudak (OL/DL); Angelo Mazzoni (OL/DL); Jake Osborne (WR/DB); Matt Pittsman (OL/DL).
Western Wayne: Scott Walck (QB/DB); Bayly Williams (OL/DL).
CITY
Coach: Michael Marichak, Scranton
Dunmore: Kyle Lasher (RB/LB); Nicholas Lawler (LB); Joe Galenas (LB); Colin Holmes (RB/DB); Michael Dougherty (WR/DB); George Cole (TE).
Holy Cross: Bailey Simrell (TE/DE).
Lackawanna Trail: Thomas Huffsmith (FB/LB); Tyler Baltrusaitis (WR/DB); Matt Bergey (WR/DB).
Montrose: Colin Mondi (WR/LB).
North Pocono: Matt Craig (RB/LB); Ben Dial (LB); Tyler Musgrave (FB/LB); Matt Slagus (OL/DL); David Kessler (OL/DL); Matt Froelick (TE/DE); Andrew Williams (OL/DL).
Scranton: Jacob Watts (QB); Len Floyd (OL/DL); Greg Miller (OL/DL); Rayquan Groves (WR/DB).
Scranton Prep: Jake Ryan (QB/DB/P); Kyle Polishan (OL/DL); Braden Burrier (FB/LB); Max Borgia (OL/DL); Mario Giannone (WR/DB); Dom Giacobbe (OL/LB).
Susquehanna: Jared Mills (FB/LB).
Wallenpaupack: Zach Rode (OL).
West Scranton: Austin Lipowitch (LB); Tamon Brown (RB); Shaun Fanning (OL/DL); Isaiah McCloe (RB/LB); Matt Williams (WR/LB); DaShawn Minnick (WR/DB).
Nobody likes corporate trainings. Nobody.
In fact one of life's puzzles that eludes me most is how a person could enjoy corporate trainings enough to spend their time designing and running them. Perhaps only with distain for the status quo can a startup create something that people not only don't hate, but find helpful.
The idea for Butterfly, founded by David Mendlewicz, Simon Rakosi and Marcus Perezi-Tormos, originated from poor experiences the young managers had when receiving leadership training. The startup is announcing a $2.4 million seed round today from Daphni, Tectonic Ventures, Precursor Ventures and a number of angels with the hopes of making things better.
Mendlewicz told me that the gold standard for training is a compressed quarterly or yearly training. This tends not to work because it's not targeted in terms of content or timing. Instead, Butterfly monitors team feedback and uses machine learning to push brief, digestible, tips to managers via a chatbot named Alex to help improve outcomes.
“We're focusing on content that managers can take advantage of — short and conversational,” Mendlewicz added.
The startup is moving its focus to Fortune 500 companies. The team has already managed to onboard 20 large companies, including Citibank, Ticketmaster and Coca-Cola, with paid contracts reaching 50 percent or more of the addressable workforce at each.
Butterfly collects feedback about the impact its having within corporations. By building relationships with academics from the University of Oxford and Columbia University researching human behavior in the workplace, Butterfly hopes to unpack key drivers and use them to affect change.
“Younger workforces thrive on more feedback,” Charles Hudson, an investor in Butterfly from Precursor Ventures, told me in an interview. “You need a mechanism for delivering feedback to them in a way that works.”
Right now about a third of Butterfly's content comes from third parties and two thirds is content that the startup has indexed and reframed. In the future, the platform could make for an interesting content marketplace where managers could opt into the tools they think they could most benefit from.
“Buying central learning resources is going away and people at the individual or team level are going to have control over those budgets,” Hudson added.
With data of what resources work for which teams, Butterfly can inform decisions around what training content companies should be spending their money on. And ideally managers get accustomed to the format enough that learning starts to feel more like reading a story a friend sent via Messenger and less like a clunky, outdated, training exercise.
Featured Image: Camelia Dobrin/Getty Images
Blogandt Unsolvable Debate: Separation Versus Sameness
Wow, did Anaheim 2 and Glendale serve this one up on a silver platter. A2 was one of the most basic, one-lined tracks we've seen in ages while Glendale was an amazing track—coincidentally a home run on a football field. Glendale was awesome for the second year in a row. Could this be a coincidence? For some reason, Glendale offers up good dirt and an awesome layout. It makes everyone happy. Right? This tough track-versus-easy track debate is an all-timer not only this sport, but in any racing, ever. The debate isn't just about tracks; it's about the bigger picture. What makes for better racing? Trying to make things different to create separation among the competitors, or trying to make things similar so everyone can go the same speed?
Anaheim 2 track.
Every single motorsport has wrestled with that question. Just compare NASCAR to Formula One. NASCAR tracks are simple and the cars are all very similar, with the rules forcing teams into a small box of changes. The end result is parity and unpredictable outcomes. You can love or hate NASCAR, but on the morning of every Monster Energy NASCAR Cup race, there are always a dozen drivers/cars that can legitimately take the win that day, no doubt about it. Many purists say NASCAR isn't as exciting as it once was, but it still has huge parity, multiple leaders, and more close finishes than most other forms of racing. Meanwhile, F1's rules are far more complex and the tracks are crazy circuits of lefts and rights, ups and downs, with each weekend different from the next. F1 creates separation, and that means that each year, generally only two teams nail the engineering formula right and can actually win races. Well, actually, sometimes it's only one team. Parity is not Formula One's calling card. Here's what comes next. In NASCAR, every driver/fan/team/pundit asks for more separation between the cars. Make the engineering window and rule book wider. Make the tracks tougher. Make the cars harder to drive so you can separate the good drivers from the bad. More separation means better racing! It means one car/driver can be so superior to the other that it can make passes and mix it up. In that sense, separation seems like the Holy Grail. Just open it up and dudes will be passing each other like crazy! You can't pass if all the cars go the same speed! This goes on and on. Yet in F1, you see what separation gives you: great cars separating themselves from good cars. Each year, F1 goes to work trying to figure out a way to level the playing field. Often, they do it by introducing... more separation. Like aerodynamic wings that retract, briefly, when a driver closes on the car in front him—with hope it will boost him right past. Or forcing teams to run several different types of tires throughout the race. These rarely actually work to create closer finishes or more winners. But boy, do they try.
Glendale track.
Seeing two series pound their heads against the wall in pursuit of the exact opposite thing is strange. More sameness or more separation? That's the real essence of racing. Onto our little world now, where a similar debate rages always on tracks. There's a theory that "easy tracks lead to better racing because it keeps the field close together" and also a theory of "I wish the tracks were harder so as to create more separation." Well, A2 was of the easy category, and it produced worse racing. Glendale was harder and produced better racing. For one week, separation was a good thing, but only because Glendale offered a perfect challenge, with sections riders couldn't do perfectly every lap. It's possible that a difficult track will have a section only one rider can nail, and then the race is over before it even begins. Further, it's awesome that every rider asks for tougher tracks to create separation, even though there's the chance that separation will allow another rider to pull away by a larger margin. Everyone can't gain when the track is harder; the idea is that some riders will gain and some riders will lose. That's the idea of separation. Hey, all the NASCAR drivers ask for it, too. They want harder-to-drive cars that create separation. None of them ever seem to think the separation will be between them and the leader. Nope. They all think they're the driver who is going to pull away and separate from everyone else in the rearview mirror. Someone is gonna be the loser if the pack separates. That's what separation is. It means two things become further apart. I asked Adam Cianciarulo if the tracks should have more separation and he said that if the tracks are too technical, we won't have close racing and full stands. But the Glendale track that was more technical made the racing better! Another example: last year's best race in Lucas Oil Pro Motocross came in the first 250 Class moto at Thunder Valley. The track was so gnarly and rutted—it created so much separation—that guys kept making mistakes and passing each other. Yet when I asked riders about the tracks, they said that Thunder Valley's rut fest made things too one-lined and led to boring racing (Justin Bogle won the 450 moto right after the 250 mega-battle, and told me he just had to stay in his line to win the race fairly easily). Separation, by definition, means further apart. Is that good in racing terms or not? You want one more? Easy tracks are safer but they're faster so they're less safe from harder tracks that make you go slower but are harder. Go solve that one. I'll be here all night.
Hollywood has a woman problem. Between the unfolding horrors coming out daily after the #MeToo floodgates opened and the unfair beauty and age standards imposed on women in front of and behind the camera, things for ladies in the film and TV industries aren't particularly great. But one problem — the ridiculously low number of women directors — is at least being addressed head-on, in the new documentary Half The Picture. The doc, out June 8 in New York, June 22 in Los Angeles, and on VOD July 24, features prominent women in the entertainment world speaking out about how they've managed to get where they are and analyzing why so few female filmmakers exist. In other words, it's an essential movie that addresses one of Hollywood's biggest blind spots.
In 2016, The Celluloid Ceiling reported the dire statistic that only 7 percent of directors working on the previous year's top 250 domestic grossing films were women. They fared slightly better in the independent world, but still fell far below the 51 percent female general population, and the even higher number of female moviegoers at 52 percent. So what gives? Why aren't more women ending up in a position of creative control? That's the question Half The Picture aims to answer.
In the exclusive clip below, Jill Soloway — creator, director, and writer of Transparent and writer for Six Feet Under (along with numerous other shows) — can be seen talking about her difficult move from writer to director. As a writer, Soloway had issues with lack of control or things not being done "right" on her projects, but not the power to do anything about it. Luckily, she eventually realized she wanted that power, and that the issues she had on set could be resolved by her taking creative control herself, i.e. becoming a director.
Gravitas Ventures on YouTube
It's telling that even for someone as familiar with the industry and sure in her own skills as Soloway, the decision to step into the director's chair can be complicated. A woman could have the verve to push back in the writers' room and advocate for stories not being told to make it to screen, but that doesn't mean she sees the path to directing as clear. And the active thwarting of women's directorial ambitions through sexism and gatekeeping leads to women themselves internalizing those attitudes and often not even thinking of themselves as "director material" to begin with.
As seen in the trailer for Half the Picture, even women who strive for the director's seat sometimes blame themselves for failing, believing they didn't work hard enough or that they still have to "be better" somehow. It's not as if there were an imbalance of women entering the field to begin with; an average of 50 percent of film school graduates are women, LA Weekly reports. But the ludicrously low statistics of female filmmakers who then move up in the industry point to a larger, sadder force at work.
One woman in the Half the Picture trailer sums the world for women filmmakers up like this: "it can create an environment in which we feel like our very femaleness is some kind of disability. It's not." Internalized sexism takes all kinds of forms, and far too often, women unfairly blame themselves for not getting what they want, despite the real barriers in their way and other forces at work.
Half The Picture's own director, Amy Adrion, spoke with Film Inquiry about trying to break that cycle. Her doc's narrow focus on just female directors is intentional, she said, explaining, "We don't get into the sexism actresses face, or challenges encountered by female producers, writers or executives...study after study has shown that when women direct, that has a significant impact on how the characters onscreen are portrayed and how many women work in key below-the-line jobs...Basically, the director is a gateway job and if you can change the numbers there, there will be ripple effects throughout the industry."
As the saying goes, things always look the darkest just before dawn. Even after the ACLU's landmark 2016 study revealed a clear industry-wide systematic bias against women, the numbers for 2017 show a mere 1 percent increase for women working on the top 250 highest-grossing films. Progress will be slow, but at least it's moving forward, and films like Half The Picture will help point out the issues women face in the meantime.
HQ Trivia was removed from the App Store following a controversial ending to a $25K game on Sunday night, according to Business Insider.
HQ has introduced a new high-stakes version of the game where one winner takes home a larger prize. However, on Sunday night, no one won the $25K.
The company posted on its Twitter account that moderators kick players who break the company's TOS.
HQ moderators kick players that violate HQ's Terms of Service and Contest Rules. For more information, please refer to our Terms of Service here: https://t.co/septsPVgOm — HQ Trivia (@hqtrivia) March 19, 2018
HQ would not be specific about what rules were broken, but BI reports that Twitter users had suggested it was due to jailbroken iPhones, which could be running software that gives users a leg up in the trivia competition.
For those who missed the game last night, two players remained for the final question. One was removed due to breaking the TOS, and the remaining player missed the last question, resulting in no winner.
Cheating seems to be a growing problem with HQ Trivia. There are countless guides online about how to cheat, including obvious methods like using voice dictation and a second device to Google search each question. The time limit makes that more difficult, but not impossible.
But as HQ grows its prize pot — the original prize was $1000 — cheating on the platform, and the methods by which people cheat, is only bound to intensify.
Even more bizarre, the app was seemingly removed from the App Store following the game. It has since re-appeared on the App Store.
HQ says that last night's game and HQ's removal from the App Store are unrelated events. A spokesperson from the company confirmed Mashable's report that the app was removed because of a clerical error. Long story short, someone at HQ forgot to update the expired credit card info in the developer portal of the App Store.
App analytics firm Apptopia confirmed that HQ Trivia was removed from the App Store briefly, and that it has been falling in ranking for the past 30 to 60 days.
We reached out to Apple and haven't heard back. We will report back as soon as we know more.
Microsoft is in the testing stage of a new feature in its Edge browser for Windows 10 that is malware-proof as it partitions the browser window from the rest of the computer. This will be a welcome addition for users who are worried about the legitimacy of sites they want to visit.
The new feature, catchily dubbed Windows Defender Application Guard, is part of the recently launched Windows Insider Previews. In order to access it you'll need to be a member of Microsoft's business service Enterprise, and have your settings calibrated so you're in the testing group called Fast Ring.
Application Guard works by creating a virtual PC that is entirely separate from all storage, other apps, and the Windows 10 Kernel, meaning that the browser should be completely impervious to malware.
Become a PC gamer with one of the best graphics cards
Stuck in the sandbox
Microsoft Edge isn't the only browser with ‘sandboxing', but Microsoft is claiming Edge is unique in terms of hardware that stops malware from reaching the rest of the computer.
Microsoft needed to do something to step up browser security on the Edge after embarrassingly coming last-place in hacking event Pwn2own earlier this year.
The use of this feature does come at a cost according to Engadget, saying that the siloing will slow the browser down, and all information including cookies will be lost when you close the window.
Hopefully if the trial is successful, Application Guard will be rolled out to all Edge users soon.
Project Fi 's limited phone offerings are getting a boost today, adding three new phones to the ranks after previously only offering the Google Pixel 2 and Moto X4 . The Project Fi account page now lists the new LG G7 , the refreshed LG V35 and new low-cost Moto G6 as "coming soon" for Fi customers. The Moto G6 is the only one you can actually pre-order at this point, and you can only be notified for future updates on the status of the LG G7 and V35.
The Moto G6 is available only in black and with 32GB of storage, but despite just being announced is already being discounted to $199 — that of course makes sense considering the ongoing Moto X4 promotion that has that phone listed for $249 still. (And, to be clear, the Moto X4 is a much better phone for just $50 more — consider it.)
Pricing for the LG G7 lines up with other carriers, at $749 in either black or blue colors with 64GB of storage. The real head scratcher here is the new LG V35, which is a confusing phone in general but extra confusing here because it's listed at $899 ... why not just buy the newer LG G7? Beats me. Anyway, it's available in black or silver, also with 64GB of storage. All three phones offer the standard Project Fi financing with 24-months of payments with no interest.
Outside of the Android One Moto X4's launch on Fi several months ago, we haven't heard anything about a pending expansion to new models or altogether new manufacturers bringing phones to the carrier, so I love seeing Google continue to work on expanding its device offerings.
WHITE SULPHUR SPRINGS, W.Va. -- Tom Savage has waited a long time to be the Houston Texans' starting quarterback. After sitting behind Brock Osweiler for most of 2016, he heard the Texans were interested in Tony Romo this offseason. After that saga, the Texans traded up to draft Deshaun Watson in the first round.
Now, heading into the regular season, Savage is the Texans' starting quarterback, and he doesn't plan on that changing anytime soon.
"My mindset is that this is my team. And I'm not going to let anyone take it," Savage told ESPN.
"Now, I can't control what happens. I can only control what I can do. And I said it before. It's a pretty simple equation I think a lot of people overthink, especially in this league. If you go there and you win and you play well, they can't pull you. And if you go out there and you lose and the offense doesn't look good, they can pull you. So the goal is to go out there and play well and win games. And that's all you can really control."
Texans quarterback Tom Savage has been the starter all offseason, and says he doesn't plan on that changing anytime soon. AP Photo/Darron Cummings
After the Texans traded quarterback Osweiler to the Cleveland Browns in March, Bill O'Brien named Savage his starting quarterback, and has stuck by that the entire offseason. O'Brien said that Savage has earned the right to be the No. 1 quarterback, but like any position on the team, he has to earn that every day.
On Monday, Watson took first-team reps during practice. Savage has seen the majority of those snaps during training camp. O'Brien downplayed the significance of Watson's reps, saying it had more to do with how the opportunities lined up to continue to get Watson snaps during practice.
Editor's Picks Texans QB Deshaun Watson sees first-team reps during practice Bill O'Brien downplayed the significance of Deshaun Watson's first-team reps and is instead focused on getting him as many opportunities as possible.
Savage started the Texans' preseason opener, and played for three series before Watson took over. Savage got off to a slow start, but on the third drive he led the offense on a 13-play, 75-yard drive that led to a touchdown. He was 9-of-11 for 69 yards, at one point completing eight-straight passes.
"I'm proud of Tom [Savage]," O'Brien said. "He's a resilient guy. He's really worked hard to learn our system, he's worked hard in the weight room, he's to overcome injuries. He's to overcome a lot, and I think he's doing some good things out here."
Werenski vs. Matthews/Marner
Blue Jackets rookie sensation Zach Werenski is having a superb season, but if he wants to sway some Calder Trophy votes his way the mobile defenceman will need a big game against Leafs Auston Matthews and Mitch Marner, the current favourites for rookie of the year.
NEED TO KNOW
Intel's CEO is the latest executive to leave one of Trump's advisory councils in the wake of the white supremacist rally in Charlottesville, which many felt was inadequately addressed by the president and his administration.
In a post on Policy@Intel, the company's public policy blog, Brian Krzanich wrote that he resigned from the American Manufacturing Council on Monday “to call attention to the serious harm our divided political climate is causing to critical issues, including the serious need to address the decline of American manufacturing.”
He then specifically addressed the events in Charlottesville, which led to three deaths, including that of Heather Heyer, who among a group of people counter-protesting neo-Nazis, Ku Klux Klan members and white supremacists gathered to protest the removal of a statute of Confederate general Robert E. Lee.
“I have already made clear my abhorrence at the recent hate-spawned violence in Charlottesville, and earlier today I called on all leaders to condemn the white supremacists and their ilk who marched and committed violence. I resigned because I wanted to make progress, while many in Washington seem more concerned with attacking anyone who disagrees with them. We should honor—not attack—those who have stood up for equality and other cherished American values. I hope this will change, and I remain willing to serve when it does.”
Earlier on Monday, Krzanich joined the many people voicing their concern that the current administration, and especially President Trump, took an unacceptably weak stand against the white supremacy rally and racist violence in Charlottesville, tweeting “There should be no hesitation in condemning hate speech or white supremacy by name. #Intel asks all our countries leadership to do the same”
There should be no hesitation in condemning hate speech or white supremacy by name. #Intel asks all our countries leadership to do the same — Brian Krzanich (@bkrunner) August 14, 2017
Krzanich's announcement comes a few hours after the resignations of Under Armour founder and chief executive Kevin Plank and Merck Pharma chief executive Kenneth C. Frazier from the manufacturing council.
They are the latest executives who have resigned from presidential advisory councils in protest over Trump's actions.
Tesla chief executive Elon Musk and Disney chief executive Bob Iger stepped down from councils in June after Trump withdrew from the Paris Climate Accord. Four months earlier, Uber chief executive Travis Kalanick and Hint Water chief executive Kara Goldin quit their advisory roles in response to Trump's executive order on immigration.
Executives who remain on the manufacturing council currently include Andy Liveris from Dow Chemical, Michael Dell of Dell Technologies, Jeff Immelt of General Electric, Denise Morrison of Campbell's Soup Co., and Denis Muilenberg of Boeing.
Featured Image: Ethan Miller / Staff/Getty Images
Skip in Skip x Embed x Share CLOSE PLAYLIST: DELAWARE CRIME 29-year-old man shot in Wilmington | 0:32 Police say the victim of a shooting on Vandever Avenue early Tuesday is in stable condition. He had been shot in the thigh. William Bretzger/The News Journal 1 of 10 Skip in Skip x Embed x Share CLOSE PLAYLIST: DELAWARE CRIME Raw Video: Police agencies investigate explosion in Elsmere | 0:30 Several law enforcement agencies are assisting Elsmere Police in an incident in the 700 block of Baltimore Avenue. 3/12/18 John J. Jankowski Jr. & Damian Giletto 2 of 10 Skip in Skip x Embed x Share CLOSE PLAYLIST: DELAWARE CRIME Shooting in Ogletown injures one early Friday morning | 0:24 One person was injured in a shooting in the Chestnut Hill Estates in Ogletown early Friday morning. William Bretzger and Daniel Sato/The News Journal 3 of 10 Skip in Skip x Embed x Share CLOSE PLAYLIST: DELAWARE CRIME Home invasion leads to drug dealing arrest | 1:40 After three men break into Thomas Brook's home, shots were fired. Police respond to the shooting, and discover heroin, cocaine, and an illegal handgun. Courtesy of Delaware Department of Justice 4 of 10 Skip in Skip x Embed x Share CLOSE PLAYLIST: DELAWARE CRIME ID Channel to run feature on Fahey murder | 1:15 The ID channel will air a new episode of "Vanity Fair Confidential" dedicated to the Thomas Capano trial on Monday night. 2/26/18 Courtesy of Investigation Discovery 5 of 10 Skip in Skip x Embed x Share CLOSE PLAYLIST: DELAWARE CRIME Wilmington police: Market St. death under investigation | 0:22 Police are investigating the death of a person found Sunday morning in Wilmington. 2/26/18 John J. Jankowski Jr. & Damian Giletto 6 of 10 Skip in Skip x Embed x Share CLOSE PLAYLIST: DELAWARE CRIME One shot Wednesday night in Wilmington | 0:29 Wilmington police investigate at Lancaster Avenue and South Clayton Street after a man was shot in the back Wednesday night. Jerry Habraken/The News Journal 7 of 10 Skip in Skip x Embed x Share CLOSE PLAYLIST: DELAWARE CRIME Youth arrested in Middletown shooting death | 0:33 Middletown police say a juvenile male is in custody and will be charged in the shooting death of a man Sunday night. 2/19/18 John J. Jankowski Jr. & Damian Giletto 8 of 10 Skip in Skip x Embed x Share CLOSE PLAYLIST: DELAWARE CRIME Restaurant owner charged with raping an underage employee | 0:39 Marco Rizzo is also charged sexually assaulting an employee in 2016 and also with attempting to dissuade a person from giving testimony at a proceeding. 2/15/18 Esteban Parra & Damian Giletto/The News Journal 9 of 10 Skip in Skip x Embed x Share CLOSE PLAYLIST: DELAWARE CRIME Two found dead in Brandywine Village home | 0:26 Wilmington police are investigating the deaths of two people at a home in Wilmington's Brandywine Village neighborhood. John J. Jankowski Jr. and Daniel Sato 10 of 10 Last VideoNext Video 29-year-old man shot in Wilmington
Raw Video: Police agencies investigate explosion in Elsmere
Shooting in Ogletown injures one early Friday morning
Home invasion leads to drug dealing arrest
ID Channel to run feature on Fahey murder
Wilmington police: Market St. death under investigation
One shot Wednesday night in Wilmington
Youth arrested in Middletown shooting death
Restaurant owner charged with raping an underage employee
Two found dead in Brandywine Village home
Buy Photo Delaware State Police (Photo: William Bretzger, The News Journal)Buy Photo
The Walgreens pharmacy at 500 Plaza Drive in Newark was robbed Sunday night.
A man entered the store just before the 10 p.m. closing time to make a purchase but pulled a gun when the clerk opened the register and stole all the money, police said.
The man then fled on foot. No one was hurt.
Anyone with information can contact state police at (302) 365-8466.
PUBLIC SAFETY IN DELAWARE
Police investigating shooting threat at Newark High School
Dover robbery victim shot in leg
Read or Share this story: https://www.delawareonline.com/story/news/crime/2018/03/19/newark-walgreens-robbed/438571002/
OTTAWA—Former Conservative prime minister Stephen Harper was aware of sexual assault allegations against a Conservative candidate in the 2015 federal election.
But Harper said in a statement posted on Twitter Friday night that his understanding was that the matter involving Rick Dykstra had been investigated by the police and closed a year earlier.
Given his understanding of the situation at the time, Harper said, he did not believe he could justify removing Dykstra from the ballot.
“Recently, much more information has come to light, including information to the effect that the original investigation may not have been complete,” Harper wrote. “In my view, it is essential that criminal allegations, including this one, be fully investigated and prosecuted if warranted.”
The allegations concern a 2014 incident involving Dykstra, who was then a Conservative member of Parliament, and a staff member on Parliament Hill. They were reported in Maclean's magazine this week.
HEATING UP: Ty Watson from Home and Holiday Property Services took an early knock off to fish at Coffs Creek bridge and make the most of the warm temperatures.
TEMPERATURES on the Coffs Coast are set to reach summer heights then come crashing down in the space of this week.
Bureau of Meteorology senior forecaster Jake Phillips said hot air from Western Australia had been blown eastward by a north-easterly air stream.
Mr Phillips said this system would likely push temperatures on the Coffs Coast into the high 20s and possibly up to 30 degrees.
"We're looking at numbers about 10 degrees above average,” Mr Phillips said.
But Mr Phillips said temperatures would come crashing down again as the week nears an end when a cold front is expected to move up from the Southern Ocean.
"Heading into the weekend temperatures will drop a couple of degrees below average,” he said.
This cold front will have the mercury struggle to reach above 20 degrees at the weekend.
Mr Phillips said this variation was typically expected in spring and was unusual for this time of year.
Coffs Harbour forecast
Wednesday: Max. 30/min. 10
Thursday: Max.27/min. 10
Friday: Max. 23/min. 9
Saturday: Max. 20/min. 6
Sunday: Max. 21/min. 4
Monday: Max. 22/min. 5
Chanda Kochhar has been in the eye of the storm over granting of a Rs3,250 crore Videocon loan, given that her husband Deepak Kochhar had business dealings with the Venugopal Dhoot-led conglomerate. Photo: Abhijit Bhatlekar/ Mint
Mumbai: With the board of ICICI Bank deciding on an inquiry into the allegations raised by a new whistleblower against its CEO Chanda Kochhar, calls for her exit have resurfaced.
Bankers and analysts drew parallels to a 2001 case when P.J. Nayak, who was chairman of UTI Bank, went on leave after a draft report of the Joint Parliamentary Committee (JPC) said he stood to gain from his bank's failed merger with Global Trust Bank (GTB). The committee was set up following the surfacing of scam that involved Ketan Parekh who was charged for rigging the share price of GTB ahead of the merger. Nayak had asked the board to allow him to go on leave while the board conducted an independent inquiry into the matter. He was later reinstated after the inquiry revealed no evidence of wrongdoing. The final report of the JPC also had no mention of Nayak's involvement in the scam.
Proxy shareholders believe following Nayak's example could help Chanda set a high standard of corporate governance. However, it could also set a wrong precedent for other corporates.
“Like similar previous instances in cases of other banks, if Kochhar goes on a leave until the inquiry is completed, it may send out a positive signal to the stakeholders as it will be seen as a sacrifice by her to preserve her reputation. But on the flip side, such a leave or resignation by a bank's chief after an anonymous complaint may often create a damaging situation for the bank because if the probe finds any guilt, people may see the bank's overall policy itself to be flawed. However, it is an individual decision and the board should use its wisdom carefully in such cases,” said J.N. Gupta, managing director and co-founder of Stakeholder Empowerment Services (SES), a proxy advisory firm.
According to M. Damodaran, chairman, Excellence Enablers, a corporate governance advisory firm, the preferred course will be for the Kocchar to proceed on leave for the duration of the inquiry. “The board and she can take a call once the findings of the inquiry are known. To the best of my knowledge, this is without precedent in the banking sector, since conflict of interest on the part of the senior-most executive has been alleged,” he added.
Kochhar has been in the eye of the storm over the granting of a Rs3,250 crore consortium loan to Videocon group companies given that her husband had business dealings with the Venugopal Dhoot-led conglomerate. On 29 March, M.K. Sharma, chairman of ICICI Bank, said there is “no conflict of interest as Videocon group is not an investor in NuPower Renewables.” However, markets regulator Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi) has sent notices to the bank and Kochhar for non-disclosure of information in the matter.
The bank's Wednesday decision to conduct an independent inquiry comes after a second complaint was raised by a whistleblower in addition to the 2016 letter by investor Arvind Gupta, who had alleged that loans to Videocon Group pointed to Kochhar's conflict of interest.
Some proxy shareholders, however, believe the bank should give more information about the allegation to the public before a decision is taken.
“The bank has to make it clear whether the complaint is old or new. If it's an old issue, then I don't see any point in Chanda stepping aside now. If it's a new complaint, more information should be made available to the public. And since the board has taken a call on the inquiry, they are in the best position to take a call on whether the CEO needs to step down,” said Amit Tandon, managing director of IiAS, a proxy advisory firm. ICICI Prudential Life is one of the shareholders in IiAS.
Have your say
Nick Grimshaw has shocked listeners by announcing he will leave the Radio 1 breakfast show
The popular DJ announced on his show this morning that he would be stepping down at the end of the summer.
Greg James will take over his early morning slot.
The 33-year-old has presented the show since 2012.
More to follow.
Email Address: Password:
Enter your user name and password in the fields above to gain access to the subscriber content on this site.
Your subscription includes one set of login credentials for your exclusive use. Security features have been integrated on this site: If someone signs in with your credentials while you are logged in, the site will automatically close your ongoing login and you will lose access at that time.
To inquire about group subscriptions or an enterprise site license for your organization, contact Tracy Bumba.
If you feel your login credentials are being used by a second party, contact customer service at 877-615-9536 for assistance in changing your password.
Already a paid subscriber but not registered for online access yet? For instructions on how to get premium web access, click here.
Forgot your password?
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
EUREKA, MO - The Jefferson County Council is poised to approve a new housing development in Eureka Monday night, but there are many people who live near the Windswept Farms project that don't want to see it happen. Hundreds of residents who live nearby have signed a petition opposing the development.
McBride and Son Home told the county the Windswept Farms subdivision would include 549 homes on 173 acres. The property along Highway FF near Highway 109 is mostly rural but there are a few homes and structures at the site. Opponents are concerned about the environmental impact the development would have on the area and the traffic congestion from potentially 1,500 more cars along the two-lane Highway FF.
Nancy Connelly who lives in the area told Fox 2/News 11's Dan Gray. "This road has been the same for basically 50 to 75 years a little shoulder has been added once but it's basically a road for two traffic lanes that would be handling extra thousand cars or more day." Resident Donna Dillon said, "It needs to be developed it`s a beautiful piece of property with a lot of potential it could develop beautifully if it's done responsibly and not overdeveloped. There's no service to support it out here so you're putting the cart before the horse."
The Jefferson County Council meets tonight at 6:30 pm for a second and third reading of the proposal and a final vote. Opponents say if it passes they may take legal action to stop the development.
We reached out the McBride and Son homes for a comment but so far have not heard back from the company. ​
Buy Photo Michigan State commit Thomas Kithier is transferring to Clarkston. (Photo: Max Ortiz, The Detroit News)Buy Photo
Defending Class A state champion Clarkston will definitely be the preseason No. 1 ranked team in boys basketball with Michigan State-bound 6-foot-8 Thomas Kithier transferring in from Macomb Dakota.
Kithier averaged 21 points and 12 rebounds last season to help Dakota earn the MAC Red tournament before a regional semifinal loss to Clarkston.
Kithier will join Clarkston senior guard Foster Loyer, also an MSU commit, who averaged 25.1 points and 6.4 assists to help the Dakota (27-1) win the state championship while earning a spot on The News Dream Team.
Kithier was third-team Class A all-state last season by The News.
It will be the third high-quality player in as many years to transfer into Clarkston with Dylan Alderson moving into Clarkston from Davison for the 2015-16 school year and 6-9 Taylor Currie moving in from Ohio last year.
Alderson was a Class A first-team all-stater last year after averaging 23.9 points and 5.5 rebounds. Currie, who committed to Michigan in June, had 16 points and 10 rebounds in the state championship game.
“We've been hearing since last fall, you know, things online that he was considering going to either a prep school, U of D (Jesuit) or Clarkston,” said Clarkston coach Dan Fife of Kithier. “He has moved to Clarkston. He's enrolled at Clarkston after visiting a bunch of prep schools.
“I know what people are going to think and say, but I don't get involved in these things. This stuff is getting crazy. I've seen such big changes in my 35 years (as coach and athletic director) and it's scary what's happening. Us, as coaches, we used to go to JV games to see what was going to happen for the following season, but there's no need to do that anymore because it seems like everybody's moving or transferring.
“Clarkston is a heck of a town, has good athletics and academics and people want to come. I recently got an email from a 6-foot-11 kid from Russia who was interested in our program after reading about it online. I've gotten so many things in past years.”
Fife said Kithier is one of 25 new students moving to Clarkston this year.
And, while Kithier is attending Clarkston for his senior year, it will also be Currie's senior year.
How could Currie be a senior? After all, last year was his sophomore season.
“Currie was a sophomore last year, but he re-classified and will now be a senior so he can finish early, take a bunch of classes so he can attend Michigan a year early,” Fife said. “His father told me and I don't agree with it.
“I was 17, young, when I went to Michigan and I was athletically OK, emotionally things bothered me. Coming from Clarkston to Michigan back then I felt like a fish out of water. Foster could have graduated too, just took a few extra classes his junior year, but didn't.”
david.goricki@detroitnews.com
twitter/DavidGoricki
NATIONAL
This file picture taken on July 6, 2017 shows a tourist looking out from the Broken Bridge next to the Friendship bridge on the Yalu River connecting the North Korean town of Sinuiju and the Chinese border city of Dandong. (AFP via Yonhap)
China said Monday it will enforce the latest United Nations sanctions on North Korea this week, banning the imports of resources and seafood from the country.The United Nations Security Council adopted Resolution 2371 on Aug. 5 in response the North's two intercontinental ballistic missile tests in July. The new measures are aimed at slashing its annual export revenue of $3 billion by a third.China's Ministry of Commerce said the embargo will apply to coal, iron, iron ore, lead and seafood. The ban will take effect on Tuesday, excluding products that have been shipped to ports and are awaiting domestic transportation.It said it will allow the inbound delivery of products from the North's port of Najin on the northeastern coast, if they are proven to have been made in other countries.(Yonhap)
BUSINESS
Yoo Ji-young poses in her restaurant Tongue & Groove Joint in Itaewon. (Park Hyun-koo/The Korea Herald)
An interior view of Tongue & Groove Joint in Itaewon. (Park Hyun-koo/The Korea Herald)
Yoo Ji-young poses in her restaurant Tongue & Groove Joint in Itaewon. (Park Hyun-koo/The Korea Herald)
It's hard to settle on a restaurant in the bustling Seoul neighborhood of Itaewon, where the dining scene seems to change by the month.The constantly shifting topography of eateries is currently all about mixing and matching different cuisines or being authentically foreign, with eating out becoming more of an exuberant repast rather than a simple meal.In a back alley in Itaewon is Yoo Ji-young's Korean barbecue restaurant Tongue & Groove Joint.But don't expect to walk into a typical Korean barbecue restaurant, as one would not come to expect that from the charismatic owner, donned all in black and unreserved, with a hearty laugh that few would find resistible.The space feels more like a bar, where quality Korean beef and tender lamb chops are grilled at the table by the staff, who also recommend alcohol pairings from the store's more than 100 types of drinks -- without breaking the bank.“Many say this boutique restaurant does not feel like a barbecue place. It was my intention to design it avant-garde,” the 46-year-old serial restauranteur told The Korea Herald. “I could have made the place even fancier, like a fine dining restaurant, but I did not want to exaggerate the ambience, which could make a guest feel uncomfortable.”Yoo exudes confidence as she describes her business philosophy as being closely intertwined with life itself, just as she has risen from running a tiny bagel shop in her 20s to operating a successful food consulting firm and a chain of restaurants.Throughout her career, Yoo has provided consulting services for over 100 brands and opened 15 restaurants on her own. She has also shared her expertise by providing lectures on dining trends at Ewha Womans University.Some of her accomplishments include a renovation of Korea's major retailer Shinsegae Department Store's food court. She also participated in designing 10 Corso Cormo, a Milan-based shopping and dining space introduced in Seoul in 2008. Her most recent work with a big brand was designing a restaurant inside the Hyundai Motor Studio in Goyang, Gyeonggi Province.Having been a dancer who majored in performance arts, Yoo said that her inspiration comes from films, arts, paintings and music.“I consider chefs as lead actors onstage and the restaurant their important stage set. When a concept is settled for a restaurant, we decide on the interior that will set the tone.”Tongue & Groove Joint, which opened in 2016, for instance, is inspired by Korea's traditional wood art pieces and architecture such as seoggarae (rafters built without nails).“The restaurant has taken the concept that we can be fully happy simply with the properties of matters that are closest to the essence,” Yoo explained, meaning once such a frame -- the restaurant's interior as well as the quality of food -- is perfectly set, imaginations -- experiences -- can run wild, rather than feeding them to customers.The way the employees work are also connected to such a concept, as they are guided to freely converse with customers, minus the pompous attitude.“I envisioned a place where both the customers and the waiting staff could act like themselves without caring what others thought,” Yoo said, a strategy that has so far turned out to be on the mark, considering her large pool of frequent customers with good taste but humble needs.Like in life, the key to standing out from the crowd and surviving the steep competition is to know oneself first and then what others want, she offered.Most importantly, more restaurants should have their own unique “swag,” instead of copy-pasting Instagram friendly spaces.“I don't believe in Korean restaurants having to be all-out Korean. Why can't a Korean restaurant play hip-hop music? As long as customers want it, we should consider putting variety and a unique combination into the restaurant.”To this end, her previous restaurants all have unique themes with unique names, such as Witch's Table, A Place Between Kitchen and Library and Moon Table.Her latest restaurant opened late last year in the bustling Gangnam district.Haejangok sells not just Korea's traditional hot hangover soup, but offers a whole range of remedies, including sweet red bean buns and pear juice.“I will continue to make more unique and weird restaurants just as how there are many genres in movies. Those who watch a movie will all have different interpretations. I want to hear more of the customers' interpretation of my restaurants,” Yoo said.Yoo said Korea's dining business has plenty of room to grow.“Unlike countries like those in Europe, Korean's dining experiences are dominated by and limited to certain big franchises. It has been booming since the 1990s, but I wish more dining options will one day help Korean customers to eat what they want, not because it was hot on social media,” said Yoo.“If an owner does not enjoy one's own restaurant, then the customers will not like it either,” she said.By Kim Da-sol
EFF spokesperson Mbuyiseni Ndlozi had his graduation ceremony for his PhD in Philosophy in Political Studies last week and to celebrate‚ threw a major bash over the weekend.
Winnie Madizikizela-Mandela surprised Ndlozi‚ better known as the People's Bae‚ and gave a speech at his party.
DJ Fresh was there and said that despite Mam' Winnie being ill‚ she would not miss out on an opportunity like this.
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
DUNMORE — Borough Solicitor Thomas P. Cummings Jr., who also acted as a special counsel during the Scranton Sewer Authority sale, defended and explained his role during the transaction at a meeting tonight.
The explanation came in response to a question posed by the borough's likely mayor-elect, Councilman Tim Burke, delivered via Borough Manager Vito Ruggiero. Burke was absent at tonight's meeting. The request included a query on what exactly Cummings did during the sewer transaction.
“There's no money missing. There's no secret deals. There are no laptops that need destroyed. There's none of that nonsense,” Cummings said, adding that the $195 million deal was “tremendously difficult” and he did his job, as did the other attorneys and the sewer board, “which was to make sure that all of the money that was rightfully ours stayed on our side.”
Cummings said he worked on all aspects of the agreement, including contact with other attorneys, union officials, the sewer authority board and administration members and representatives and lawyers from Pennsylvania American Water, which bought the authority, “literally daily,” even on holidays, due to the sale's hefty price tag and its importance to the community.
“Looking through my calendar, the single day in 2016 that I was not actively involved in reading documents via email and responding to situations was literally Christmas Day,” Cummings said.
Ruggiero said Burke contacted him Monday afternoon to present the question. The councilman is on a family vacation, Ruggeiro said. Burke could not be reached for comment after the meeting Monday.
Cummings received $226,666 in legal fees stemming from the sale. Total attorneys fees stemming from the purchase amounted to $3.1 million for services between Dec. 15, 2015 and Dec. 28, 2016.
Burke's request for more disclosure regarding legal fees stemming from the sale is the latest since the sale closed on Dec. 29.
Last month, Scranton Mayor Bill Courtright released documentation of work time performed by attorney Edwin “Ned” Abrahamsen, the city's special counsel in the sale. The move came after city Councilman Bill Gaughan called for the attorney to return the $200,000 he received for work during the sale until he could document work he performed on the transaction.
Prior to that, the sewer authority released mostly unredacted legal and consulting bills from the sale in response to separate Right to Know Law requests filed by Scranton City Council and The Times-Tribune.
During his remarks at the council meeting Monday, Cummings said there was some itemization of his work until about July. After that, he billed monthly, those who approved the bills worked hand in hand with him and other attorneys involved.
“They well knew everything that was going on,” he said. “It wasn't as though I was reporting to them at the end of the month.”
He would not comment on further questions about whether he would produce itemized bills or answer further questions on whether he had itemized bills regarding the sale, but instead referred inquiries for further information to his client, the sewer authority.
The sewer sale closed Dec. 29, with Scranton expected to receive about $96 million from the deal and Dunmore about $24 million, a roughly 80/20 percent split. As of January, Scranton received $69.09 million and Dunmore received $17.27 million from the sale. Those numbers could rise, depending on how many other expenses drain from three escrow accounts.
“That's what I did for 18 months and I'm very proud of it and I will also tell you that's the last I'm talking about it,” Cummings said tonight.
Contact the writer: cover@timesshamrock.com; 570-348-9100 x5363; @ClaytonOver on Twitter
Conyers (Photo: J. Scott Applewhite / AP)
Washington — The resignation of longtime U.S. Rep. John Conyers a week ago means that those who accused him of sexual misconduct likely won't get to testify before Congress or get their day in court, legal experts say.
The sexual harassment accusations are from three to 20 years old, so the statute of limitations long ago expired under the Congressional Accountability Act, which covers employees of the U.S. House of Representatives.
The House Ethics Committee also is widely expected to close its Conyers investigation, since its jurisdiction doesn't extend to former members of the U.S. House. But legal experts said accusers can continue to speak out in an effort to reform congressional harassment review rules.
Conyers, a Detroit Democrat, resigned or “retired” last week after nearly 53 years in office, while vehemently denying the allegations made by former female aides. The 88-year-old former lawmaker said the accusations were “not true” and part of the “game of politics,” while adding that “I can't explain where they came from.”
The lawyer for one of the women who accused Conyers of sexual harassment had said her client, Marion Brown, would testify before the ethics panel, but she has not heard back from committee staff.
“That's unfortunate, because my client Marion Brown and the other women who signed affidavits with similar stories want to be heard,” said attorney Lisa Bloom, whose client in 2015 accepted about $27,000 in a confidential settlement that Conyers paid from his office budget while denying the allegations.
She and Brown will be in Washington on Tuesday to advocate for reforms “so that no congressional staffer with a harassment or discrimination claim will have to go through the ordeal Marion endured,” Bloom said.
Conyers' attorney, Arnold Reed, questioned Brown's credibility by saying people would “come forward saying these allegations are untrue.” Conyers told the Mildred Gaddis radio show there should be complete public disclosure of congressional harassment settlements “to reveal to all the citizens of the country of what the federal legislators are doing or not doing, and any cost that may have been incurred as a result of that.”
The Ethics Committee has, at times, kept open an investigation after a member stepped down. But those cases typically involved a broader issue, such as oversight of the House page program raised by the 2006 case of former Rep. Mark Foley of Florida.
Another possibility that could extend the probe is if the panel were to uncover evidence that others were complicit in unethical activity related to Conyers, and those people still work for the House, said ethics expert Meredith McGehee, executive director and head of policy at the nonpartisan group Issue One.
“My expectation, given their record, would be is they would consider this a closed matter once Mr. Conyers was gone,” McGehee said of the Ethics Committee.
“Even if someone wanted to try to take him to court outside of this, as a civil matter, that would be hard to do give the way the Congressional Accountability Act is written.”
Ethics lawyer Melanie Sloan, who says Conyers verbally abused her when she worked for him in the mid-1990s, said she would be “shocked” if the Ethics Committee takes action at this point.
“Given all these allegations of sexual harassment (on Capitol Hill), they might feel the need to do something, but I don't know what. The guy's not there, so there's no punishment to levy,” said Sloan, the former executive director of Citizens for Responsibility and Ethics in Washington.
“They don't have jurisdiction, and they have enough problems from people still in office to deal with.”
Republican Rep. Trent Franks of Arizona and Democratic Sen. Al Franken of Minnesota have indicated they will resign their seats. GOP Rep. Blake Farenthold of Texas paid $84,000 in taxpayer funds to settle a sexual harassment claim but has not resigned.
Sloan worked for Conyers as minority counsel to the House Judiciary Committee from 1995-98 when Conyers was the top Democrat. She said the congressman would yell and berate her, telling her she was “worthless.”
“He once pulled me out of a meeting with domestic violence advocates to scream at me, and it was so severe that one of the advocates came out to ask if I was OK,” she said.
“It was also just sexist. I put together a field hearing in New York, and he showed up with a toddler and made me leave the stage and go babysit the kid.”
In another instance, Sloan said he called her into his office in the Rayburn House Building, where Conyers was walking around in his underwear. She turned around and left.
She complained to House leadership, a women's group and a reporter, but nothing happened, she said. Conyers' lawyer Reed has denied Sloan's allegations.
Sloan said more victims don't step forward on Capitol Hill “because they are afraid they will never get another job. It's a town that values loyalty above other things.”
Critics of the dispute-resolution system on Capitol Hill have focused in part on the 180-day window that Congress set for victims to complain to Office of Compliance, which is the internal office responsible for handling harassment and workplace claims from employees.
Bloomfield Hills attorney Deborah Gordon said Conyers accuser Brown approached her seeking representation in early 2014 with detailed allegations of sexual harassment against Conyers.
Gordon found Brown to be “very credible.” But she said she declined to take the case, in part because the 180-day statute of limitations had lapsed related to the incidents Brown described.
“In order to file a complaint for sexual harassment against a congressperson, it has to be done in 180 days. That's short,” Gordon said. “For Ms. Brown, everything she had complained about was outside the 180 days.”
Those House staffers wishing to file a complaint with the Office of Compliance must go through up to 30 days of “counseling” on workplace rights and administrative procedures. To continue pursuing the matter, the victim is required to sign a nondisclosure agreement before undergoing “mediation” for another 30 days.
Finally, victims must wait out a 30-day “cooling-off period” before they may file a formal complaint.
Kathleen L. Bogas, a Metro Detroit lawyer who has handled more than one case under the Congressional Accountability Act, said it's a “bad law” that discourages people who wish to make complaints and talk about what happened to them.
“I'm hoping it does get changed because it just protects congresspeople,” Bogas said.
“There's no other law that says you make a complaint and then you have to wait 30 days to decide to go through with it. That's ridiculous. All these barriers are put up in front of people, and it's just shocking to me that we have such a system.”
Members of the House Administration Committee are drafting legislation to revamp the system, including having a counselor or victims counsel or ombudsman advocate for victims during the complaint process.
At a hearing last week, members also indicated they would like to prohibit the use of taxpayer money to pay for sexual harassment settlements as happened in the cases of Farenthold and Conyers.
Bogas said Conyers' accusers do have one option left.
“They can speak out,” she said. “They don't have any recourse at the courts but they have recourse with the public.”
Read or Share this story: http://detne.ws/2iTBnot
New chairman of Azerbaijani State Committee for Refugees and IDPs introduced to staff
2018-04-24 18:49 | www.trend.az | 2
Baku, Azerbaijan, April 24
Trend:
Head of the Azerbaijani Presidential Administration Ramiz Mehdiyev has introduced new Chairman of the State Committee for Refugees and Internally Displaced People (IDPs) Rovshan Rzayev to the staff of the State Committee and wished him success in his activity, the State Committee said April 24.
Rzayev was appointed chairman of the State Committee for Refugees and IDPs upon the president's order on April 21.
While introducing the new chairman, Mehdiyev spoke about Rzayev's life and work experience.
Srinagar
The Hurriyet forum led by Mirwaiz Umar Farooq terming as realistic the statement of Pakistan that Kashmir remains the main cause of confrontations between New Delhi and Islamabad has urged India to respond positively to the Pakistan's dialogue offer.
A spokesman for the Hurriyet forum, in a statement in Srinagar said, “Indian leadership, for the betterment of millions of people of South Asia, should positively respond to Islamabad's dialogue offer to resolve the 70-year-old dispute between the two countries by reaching at a long-lasting solution to the Kashmir dispute.”
Asking India to give up its stubbornness and obduracy, the spokesman said, “The time has come that measures should be taken for the long-lasting resolution of Kashmir dispute as the issue is the main cause of confrontation between the two nuclear-armed neighbors and thinking of settling other disputes without resolving Kashmir amounted to live in a make believe world.”
He flayed the arrest of Muhammad Yasin Malik from Pulwama area and later his detention at Central Jail Srinagar. The spokesman said, “Using black laws against resistance leaders has become the norm of the puppet regime which often talks of respecting democratic norms and laws but has unleashed dictatorship in the guise of democracy, such aggressive tactics are never going to cow down the resistance leaders into submission.”
Meanwhile, the spokesman expressed satisfaction over the release of Jammu & Kashmir Awami Action Committee (AAC) Secretary General Ghulam Nabi Zaki, who was held at Kot Bhalwal Jail in Jammu for several months and then at Police Station Sopore for two weeks. He was finally released on Friday.
The spokesman called for immediate release of hundreds of other political prisoners who have been detained arbitrarily.—KMS
The actual attempt at the world land-speed record may be delayed, but the Bloodhound SSC is gearing up for launch. The project team has announced the 1,000-mph vehicle will conduct its first test run this October.
Previously, the Bloodhound SSC team was scheduled to attempt a run at a world record this coming October, but sponsorship qualms pushed the attempt to late 2018. The October date is significant, though. The Bloodhound SSC will fire up and test 20 years to the day that Andy Green steered the Thrust SSC to a world land-speed record in 1997. Green will also pilot the Bloodhound SSC this fall.
The team will first carry out "tie-down" tests with the jet engine running and the car chained to the ground. Here, the team will be able to check air intake, fuel, and electrical systems before actually setting a pilot behind the wheel. The jet engine and wheels shod with pneumatic tires will help in the testing process before final parts are fitted for its world-record attempt. All of the data collected in the tie-down and other dynamic tests will be crucial in planning the attempt next year in South Africa. The current record sits at 763 mph. As mentioned, the Bloodhound SSC is capable of going 1,000 mph.
Finally, all systems will be a go on October 15, 2017. Green will climb behind the wheel and put the Rolls-Royce EJ200 jet engine-powered car to work. The team invites fans to witness the run, which will take place at Cornwall Airport Newquay in the United Kingdom. During the test, the car is expected to surpass speeds of 200 mph on the 1.7-mile runway.
ISLAMABAD, Dec 11 (APP):Pakistan Army athletes dominated on Monday in the 12th Korean Ambassador National Taekwondo Championship here at Pakistan Sports Complex.
Pakistan Army's Ijaz Ahmed, Salman, Syed Muhammad Afnan Shah, Suidra Batool, Muneeba Sher, Yamna Siddiqui and Mahnoor earned victories in various weight categories of mega event.
In Under 54 Kg (Fin Weight), Shahzaib (Balochistan, first); Shahfeeq (Army, second) and Muhammad Owais (KPK, third).
In Under 58 Kg (Fly Weight), Haroon Khan (Wapda, First); Hameed Ullah (Balochistan, Second) and Hussain Anjum (Islamabad, Third).
In Under 63 Kg (Bantam Weight), Mehmood Khan (Wapda, First), Ashfaq (Army, Second) and Bashir (Railway, Third).
In Under 68 Kg (Feather Weight), Ijaz Ahmed (Army, First); Jibran Asad (HEC, Second) and Rehmat Jamal (Gilgit Baltsitan, Third).
In Under 74 Kg (Light Weight), Salman (Army, First); Muhammad Bilal (Wapda, Second) and Razi ud Din (Gilgit Baltistan, Third).
In Under 80 Kg (Welter Weight), Syed Muhammad Afnan Shah (Army, First); Rab Nawaz (Railways, Second) and Abdul Khaliq (Balochistan, third).
In female Under 46 Kg (Fin Weight), Suidra Batool (Army, First); Noor ul Huda (Wapda, Second) and Sumera Sultana (HEC, Third).
In female, Under 49 Kg (Fly Weight), Muneeba Sher (Army, First); Ramsha Khan (Wapda, Second) and Laraib Manan (HEC, Third).
In female Under 53 Kg (Bantam Weight), Samia Naz (Wapda, First); Ayesha Noor (Army, Second) and Iqra Shareef (Railway, Third).
In female Under 57 Kg (Feather Weight), Zainab (KPK, First); Farseen Hamdani (Army, Second) and Farheen (Wapda, Third).
In female Under 62 Kg (Light Weight), Yamna Siddiqui (Army, First); Misbah Maqbool (Wapda, Second) and Haseen Jamal (Sindh, Third).
In female Under 67 Kg (Welter Weight), Mahnoor (Army, First); Tayyaba Khanam (Wapda, Second) and Rabia (HEC, Third).
In female Under 73 Kg (Middle Weight), Ghulam Fatima (Wapda, First); Nusrat Bibi (Army, Second) and Aqsa (Railway, Third).
Tommy Fleetwood shot a Carnoustie course-record 63 to claim a share of the halfway lead with defending champion Tyrell Hatton at the Alfred Dunhill Links Championship.
Fleetwood, leader in the Race to Dubai standings, shot a blemish-free nine under par round at the venue for next year's Open to join Hatton on 11 under.
Hatton, who was also playing his second round in the three-course event at Carnoustie, did not drop a shot either in a seven-under-par 65.
The pair led by one shot from Belgium's Nicolas Colsaerts, who shot 67 at St Andrews after recovering from a double bogey on his first hole.
First-round co-leader Paul Dunne was in a tie for fourth at nine under with Germany's Marcel Siem after carding 68 at Carnoustie.
World No. 6 Rory McIlroy, hoping to end a frustrating year with a win, was overshadowed by Fleetwood, who was one of his playing partners.
McIlroy ended the day 11 shots off the lead on level par after a 71 which included a double bogey seven on the sixth hole. With the cut coming after 54 holes, the Northern Irishman is not yet out of the tournament but he must make up a lot of ground as he plays Kingsbarns on Saturday.
Fleetwood's impressive round included a run of five successive birdies on the back nine. He almost extended that sequence to six when a birdie putt from off the green on the 16th narrowly missed the hole. He might even have had an eagle on 15th too when his second shot at the par-4 bounced onto the green and hit the flag.
He finished his round in style by picking up his ninth birdie at the 18th.
Fleetwood, who became a father for the first time last week, was asked after his round how it felt to break the course record.
Fleetwood, 26, told Sky Sports: "It sounds good doesn't it? You don't really think too much about it when you are playing but then I holed that one on the last and they said it was a course record. So, all in all, it was a good day's work!"
Dunne slipped back after a bogey on his second hole but responded with six birdies before dropping another shot at the 17th.
Joss Whedon's unmade “Wonder Woman” script stirred up controversy when it leaked last year. But the director and screenwriter stands by his work, and addressed the reactions head on.
“I don't know which parts people didn't like, but I went and reread the script after I heard there was a backlash,” he told Variety on the red carpet at the premiere of “Avengers: Infinity War.” “I think it's great.”
Whedon, who wrote and directed Marvel's' “The Avengers” and its sequel “Avengers: Age of Ultron,' penned the potential “Wonder Woman” script in 2006. It was posted online in June 2017, and drew a bit of backlash for its perceived portrayal of the titular heroine. It didn't help that his screenplay appeared right around the time Patty Jenkin's wildly successful adaptation of “Wonder Woman” starring Gal Gadot hit theaters.
“People say that it's not woke enough,” Whedon said of his earlier work. “I think they're not looking at the big picture. It's easy to take one phrase out of context.”
He did admit that he was not “the most woke individual who ever lived at that time 10 years ago” when the script was written.
“But I was in there swinging,” he said. “The movie has integrity and the characters have integrity and I stand by it.”
As for Jenkins' movie, Whedon loved it. “I had such a good time that I didn't think about my script,” the director said. “And I'm the person who should of hated it, because I really loved my script. I totally forgot I had written one, I just had a great time.”
FULL JOSS WHEDON INTERVIEW:
If a bubble in cryptocurrencies does exist, then prices will fall sooner or later, and the story will end there. Photo: AFP
The price of a Bitcoin has skyrocketed from about Rs50,000 a year ago. It is close to Rs10 lakh now. In fact, the appreciation is even higher in several other cryptocurrencies. What is going on?
Assets like gold and fiat money derive their value basically from factors like status as legal tender, convention, and confidence. Now cryptocurrencies are, in principle, quite like gold and fiat money in this respect. So they can have value even if there are no underlying assets. It is true that Bitcoins have appreciated too much too fast. This may suggest possible short-term volatility but this by itself does not imply that a bubble is present; it can be that the assets were hugely undervalued to begin with.
What can explain the possible demand among actual users of cryptocurrencies in future? Very high and volatile inflation is still present in some countries in Africa and Latin America; it may persist in future as well. More important, the ratio of public debt to taxes, if not the ratio of public debt to gross domestic product (GDP), is very high in many developing and developed countries. So, public authorities may tolerate, if not engineer, high inflation for short periods and/or sustained inflation at a “moderate” level for several years. This can happen despite inflation targeting (flexibility in the policy regime can provide an excuse in various ways for high inflation in future). So, “traditional” currencies can lose value over time, and there can be good demand for cryptocurrencies, which are different.
When there is a financial crisis, there is a need for safe havens. Earlier, it was metals like gold that were useful in this context. In future, there can be cryptocurrencies as well. There are other issues like the high costs of transfer of funds; this is particularly true of international remittances. So, there is, prima facie, considerable scope for more cryptocurrencies.
All this suggests that cryptocurrencies can be indeed very valuable assets. However, there are some counter-arguments.
It is possible that due to competition from cryptocurrencies, policymakers and financial institutions will be compelled to mend their ways, and traditional methods of payment will improve. Then, there will be little demand for new currencies. There can also be little demand if people just do not feel comfortable using cryptocurrencies for various reasons. Furthermore, though cryptocurrencies have been running well for a few years, there is hardly any guarantee that there will be no technical glitches in future. If there are, the high and rising prices of cryptocurrencies can collapse. This conclusion is in sharp contrast to what we saw a little earlier. So, we do not know for sure if a bubble is absent or present in cryptocurrencies.
If a bubble in cryptocurrencies does exist, then prices will fall sooner or later, and the story will end there. But what if there is no bubble in cryptocurrencies?
Cryptocurrencies will compete with assets like gold, “traditional” currencies, demand deposits, and money market mutual funds (MMMFs). Observe that in the aggregate, the demand for cryptocurrencies and such other assets has a cap; this follows simply from the premise that people have limited purchasing power and that money (affluence) does not grow on trees in the real world. This is a simple, general and useful principle in identifying bubbles per se (rather than identifying when a bubble will end, which is a far more difficult task). If the demand for cryptocurrencies goes up considerably, then this implies that there will be a fall in the demand for some other assets in future.
It is true that much of the demand for gold is not as a “financial asset”; it is instead as jewellery, as an asset in places of worship, or as part of the reserves of central banks. However, even this main demand for gold is somewhat rooted in the belief that gold is a good store of value. So, if there is competition from cryptocurrencies as a store of value, then the demand for gold and, accordingly, the price of gold, can come under pressure in future.
The demand for “traditional” currencies can keep falling due to competition from cryptocurrencies if the latter are increasingly used for payments. So, the seigniorage income can fall for central banks and their owners, that is, governments. If there is a difficulty in raising taxes to make up for the fall in income, then government borrowings can go up, and, accordingly, the yields of government bonds can rise.
The popularity of cryptocurrencies could also adversely affect the demand for demand deposits in banks as these too are used as money. Profits and the market capitalization of banks could fall. Also, there could be an adverse effect on asset management companies that derive good income from MMMFs, which are also used as money.
It is true that there has been hardly any discernible fall in the prices of other assets even when prices of cryptocurrencies have skyrocketed. Why? Despite the huge rise in prices of cryptocurrencies, the level of market value is still very small; it was just about $316 billion on 30 November 2017 the world over. In sharp contrast, as per the latest estimates, the US currency alone is $1.58 trillion, and the value of gold in the world is $7.8 trillion. So, even if there is a shift of demand to the tune of a few hundred billion dollars, the warranted percentage fall in prices of other assets would be small. In other words, there would be a small bubble in the prices of other assets if cryptocurrencies became more widely acceptable among actual users. Though small at present, this bubble in other assets can be significant going forward if the demand keeps shifting to cryptocurrencies.
Published with permission from Ideas For India, an economics and policy portal.
Gurbachan Singh is visiting faculty at the Indian Statistical Institute (Delhi Centre) and Ashoka University. Comments are welcome at theirview@livemint.com
SpaceX is hosting its second Hyperloop Pod Competition this August, during the weekend spanning the 25th through the 27th. Participants will include those who successfully tested their pods during the first competition in January, as well as some who weren't able to compete during that trial either due to time constraints or designs that didn't quite meet SpaceX's requirements.
The competitors are not directly affiliated with SpaceX – they include 27 teams selected from a larger group, mostly made up of research teams from some of the best colleges and universities from the U.S. and around the world. The first time around, the competitors were focused on a variety of criteria, but this time, there's just one metric that matters: max speed.
That's the kind of heart-pounding thrill ride we're looking for out of Hyperloop – on top of safety of course. Safety first. And then second, F9: Fast and Furious and Hyperloop, the next instalment in the blockbuster film franchise. The family faces its biggest challenge yet in a low atmosphere contained tube environment.
WILMINGTON — The price of a lunch will go up 25 cents for the upcoming academic year at Wilmington City Schools (WCS).
Elementary lunches will increase from $2.60 to $2.85, while middle and high school lunches will increase from $3 to $3.25. Breakfast prices will remain the same.
The price increase was approved at Monday's board of education meeting held in the Wilmington Middle school cafeteria. School district officials said they're hopeful the increase for the 2018-19 school year will carry through the 2019-20 school year as well without additional increases.
The board of education packet states, “This increase will bring us into compliance with the most recent CPI [Consumer Price Index] increase, the National School Lunch Program, the Healthy, Hunger-free Kids Act of 2010, and Ohio Senate Bill 210.”
Denver Place Elementary School Principal Karen Long gave an update on the work being conducted currently to form grade-level centers at the district's three elementary buildings. Presently, the children at Denver Place, East End and Holmes Elementary Schools range in grades from kindergarten through fifth grade. On the other hand, grade-level centers group children together by grade level, rather than by geography.
The switch is scheduled to occur at the start of the upcoming academic year.
Long highlighted the work getting done by several subcommittees, which started meeting in March. The subcommittees, she said, are comprised of parents, teachers, administrators and central office staff.
The Moving Subcommittee is busy collecting boxes in all the buildings, and labels are ready to go, said Long.
Toward the end of last week, the Transportation Subcommittee sent out a survey to families to gain information about families' planned use of transportation during next school year. The survey was sent home in hard copy with each student, and also was posted on Facebook, the district website and ClassDojo.
There is an Arrival and Dismissal Subcommittee that's responsible for sharing ideas for each building in conjunction with the new bus transportation model. There have been concerns about some idle time for students due to changed busing patterns. Among the suggested activity ideas are breakfast, reading books, maybe some computer lab games, and flash card learning, said Long.
A Student and Family Transition Planning Subcommittee has arranged for family open houses to be held during the first week of May. Parents and students are invited to attend the open house evening events where parents and their children get a chance to see the elementary buildings and meet the teachers.
On Wednesday, May 2, there will be an open house at East End (5th grade) from 5 to 8 p.m. And on Thursday, May 3, there will be open houses at Holmes Elementary (K, 1st and 2nd grades) and at Denver Elementary (3rd and 4th grades) from 5 to 8 p.m.
A “Student Step-Up Day” is planned for Monday, May 21. Students who will attend a new building in 2018-19 will be bused to that building to spend the morning and eat lunch. They'll be able to meet teachers and staff, tour the building, and participate in activities meant to help them feel comfortable in a new building.
Long also mentioned the elementary PTOs. Presently, each elementary building has its own PTO. They have begun the process of coming together and of working on revising by-laws, said Long.
Next school year, the Southern Ohio ESC (Educational Service Center) can no longer offer an Alternative School because the ESC is not receiving some grant money and several area schools now house their own programs. As a result, the Wilmington school board approved Wilmington City Schools adding the position of a monitor for an Alternative School and ISR (in-school restriction).
Alternative schooling is an option in lieu of suspending or expelling a student, while ISR is “sort of timeout from the classroom for that day to reset,” explained WCS Superintendent Mindy McCarty-Stewart.
Also approved Monday is the new position of Wilmington Success Academy facilitator. This person will help students on some credit recovery, which often is done through online courses. The facilitator will help these students set goals, monitor their progress and keep them on track, said the superintendent.
In addition, when an online charter school closes and its former students begin attending WCS, the traditional classroom setting isn't necessarily the best fit for them. This same facilitator will provide these students another option, and supervise and help support them with the online approach, McCarty-Stewart said.
The school board approved and accepted a $500 donation from the Wilmington First Christian Church to Project Trust to assist in the cost of the student retreat to Camp Kern this spring.
Reach Gary Huffenberger at 937-556-5768.
Two Wilmington Middle School students are recognized for their state-level artistic achievements. From left are Aeriel Hodge for Young People's Art Exhibit, and Noelle Robertson for Youth Art Month Exhibition. http://www.wnewsj.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/22/2018/04/web1_first_p.jpg Two Wilmington Middle School students are recognized for their state-level artistic achievements. From left are Aeriel Hodge for Young People's Art Exhibit, and Noelle Robertson for Youth Art Month Exhibition. Gary Huffenberger | News Journal From left are Kiefer Agnew and Annaleice Geffre, Wilmington Middle School students whose artwork was displayed in the Ohio Statehouse. Not pictured is student-artist Aeris McDaniel, whose art also was exhibited at the Statehouse. http://www.wnewsj.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/22/2018/04/web1_second_p.jpg From left are Kiefer Agnew and Annaleice Geffre, Wilmington Middle School students whose artwork was displayed in the Ohio Statehouse. Not pictured is student-artist Aeris McDaniel, whose art also was exhibited at the Statehouse. Gary Huffenberger | News Journal Participants in MathCounts Competition: Members of the Wilmington Middle School (WMS) math team are recognized at the school board session. From left they are state-qualifier Charles Mountjoy, Dalan Toups, Phillip Fulton, Jocelyn Engel, Lilly Middleton and Nathan Wood. Not pictured are Charlotte Housh, Kayla Davis and Katie Pittman. A WMS math team placed fourth in the Dayton chapter MathCounts competition. http://www.wnewsj.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/22/2018/04/web1_third_p.jpg Participants in MathCounts Competition: Members of the Wilmington Middle School (WMS) math team are recognized at the school board session. From left they are state-qualifier Charles Mountjoy, Dalan Toups, Phillip Fulton, Jocelyn Engel, Lilly Middleton and Nathan Wood. Not pictured are Charlotte Housh, Kayla Davis and Katie Pittman. A WMS math team placed fourth in the Dayton chapter MathCounts competition. Gary Huffenberger | News Journal Pictured are the three principals of Wilmington's elementary buildings. For the upcoming school year, Cortney Karshner-Rethmel, left, will be the principal at Denver Place (grades 3 and 4); Karen Long, center, will be the principal at Holmes Elementary (K, and grades 1 and 2); and Jen Martin, right, will be the principal at East End (PreK and grade 5). http://www.wnewsj.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/22/2018/04/web1_elem_principals_p.jpg Pictured are the three principals of Wilmington's elementary buildings. For the upcoming school year, Cortney Karshner-Rethmel, left, will be the principal at Denver Place (grades 3 and 4); Karen Long, center, will be the principal at Holmes Elementary (K, and grades 1 and 2); and Jen Martin, right, will be the principal at East End (PreK and grade 5). Gary Huffenberger | News Journal Recognized are officers and volunteers of the Wilmington Middle School ABC Club, a support organization. From left are Claudia Martini-Gaolo, Amber Gallion and Tammy Reeder. Not pictured is Heather Gannell. http://www.wnewsj.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/22/2018/04/web1_adults_p.jpg Recognized are officers and volunteers of the Wilmington Middle School ABC Club, a support organization. From left are Claudia Martini-Gaolo, Amber Gallion and Tammy Reeder. Not pictured is Heather Gannell. Gary Huffenberger | News Journal
