A handout photo made available by Thai Navy Seal on July 4, 2018, shows Thai Navy officers and rescuers work inside a cave complex during the ongoing rescue operations for the child soccer team and their assistant coach, at Tham Luang cave in Khun Nam Nang Non Forest Park, Chiang Rai province, Thailand.
THAI NAVY SEAL / HANDOUT, EPA-EFE
Dramatic rescues from mines and caves should provide hope to families in Thailand awaiting word on the fate of a young soccer team trapped in a vast, watery cave.
The boys and their 25-year-old coach vanished almost two weeks ago after entering the cave before flooding caused by heavy rains blocked their exit. Divers found them Monday, hungry but safe. Now authorities are trying to determine how to get them out.
"The average person can't imagine how difficult it would be," said Robert Laird, co-founder of the U.S.-based International Underwater Cave Rescue and Recovery. "These kids are not diving just to go diving. They are in a life-or-death situation."
There have been many rescues around the globe over the years. Here are some of the most dramatic:
'Estamos bien en el refugio, los 33'
A cave-in at a mine in Copiapó, Chile, on Aug. 5, 2010, trapped 33 men almost a half-mile underground. There was no word from the victims for 17 days, until rescuers drilled a test hole and sent a probe down into the mine. When they pulled the probe back up, a note was attached. The English translation: "We are fine in the shelter, the 33 of us." Chilean officials teamed up with NASA and dozens of corporations in a global rescue effort. Food and water were sent down while an extrication plan was developed and executed. Trapped for 69 days, the men emerged essentially unharmed to worldwide acclaim.
More: Rescuers start teaching trapped Thailand cave boys to swim and dive
More: 'Life-or-death situation': Rescuers face huge obstacles
'Nine for nine'
Nine workers at the Quecreek Mine in Somerset Count, Pennsylvania, were trapped after accidentally breaking through a wall, releasing more than 70 million gallons of water into the mine on July 24, 2002. Rescuers feverishly drilled holes 240 feet down to provide air, not knowing if anyone was alive. More holes were drilled to pump water out of the mine. "Nine for nine" was the optimistic slogan Gov. Mark Schweiker coined as the nation awaited word. Three days later a microphone was sent down, and rescuers finally learned that all nine men were alive, trapped in a four-foot high tunnel. The next day all were retrieved safely. The result was the book "Nine For Nine: The Pennsylvania Mine Rescue Miracle."
'Magnificent operation' saves 7 in France
Seven experience potholers were trapped when heavy rains blocked exits to a five-mile network of caves in southern France on Nov. 22, 1999. That began a 10-day odyssey that gripped the European nation. Teams drilled a series of holes in an effort to find the men, who were carefully rationing food, water and lamp fuel. Virtually all hope was lost when they were finally found and brought back to the surface, still with about two more days of their minimal supplies. Regional Gov. Michel Sappin called the effort a "magnificent operation," adding that the "best reward was to be able to give the families the good news."
America spellbound by 'Baby Jessica'
It was only one person and the rescue only took 2 1/2 days, but very few news stories have seized the nation's attention the way tiny Jessica McClure did. She was 18 months old when she fell into a backyard well at her aunt's daycare center in Midland, Texas, on Oct. 14, 1987. With cable news just coming into its own — CNN had been broadcasting for seven years — the story of Baby Jessica drew 24/7 coverage. The well was 22 feet deep and only eight inches wide. Dense rock slowed efforts to drill a parallel shaft. Rescuers asked her to sing so they knew she was ok, and the song from Winnie the Pooh brought tears to their eyes. She was extricated to wild applause after 58 hours, losing a toe, gaining a small scar on her forehead but otherwise in good shape. A photo of the little girl, caked in dirt, being removed from the well would have gone viral if such things occurred in 1987. Some solace for photographer Scott Shaw: It won him a Pulitzer Prize.
Search for trapped soccer team in Thailand Thai officials carry oxygen tanks through a cave complex during a rescue operation for a missing soccer team at the Tham Luang cave in Chiang Rai, Thailand, July 1, 2018. Rescuers in northern Thailand looked for alternative ways into a flooded cave as they continued the search for 12 boys and their soccer coach who have been missing in Tham Luang Nang Non cave after monsoon rains blocked the main entrance. U.S. Forces and British divers joined the search as they worked their way through submerged passageways in the sprawling underground caverns as the search intensifies for the young soccer team, aged between 11 to 16, and their their 25-year-old coach. 01 / 08 Thai officials carry oxygen tanks through a cave complex during a rescue operation for a missing soccer team at the Tham Luang cave in Chiang Rai, Thailand, July 1, 2018. Rescuers in northern Thailand looked for alternative ways into a flooded cave as they continued the search for 12 boys and their soccer coach who have been missing in Tham Luang Nang Non cave after monsoon rains blocked the main entrance. U.S. Forces and British divers joined the search as they worked their way through submerged passageways in the sprawling underground caverns as the search intensifies for the young soccer team, aged between 11 to 16, and their their 25-year-old coach. 01 / 08
Copyright 2017 USATODAY.com
click to enlarge
It's the time of year again when we solicit suggestions for our annual. As in year's past, we're searching for specific, potentially transformative suggestions for making Arkansas a better place to live. We're open to practical, wacky and everything in between. You can see the range of what we've featured here Send your ideas to me at lindseymillar@arktimes.com.
The board at the Brazilian unit of French retailer Carrefour has elected Matthieu Malige as chairman, it said in a statement on Monday.
São Paulo: The board at the Brazilian unit of French retailer Carrefour has elected Matthieu Malige as chairman, it said in a statement on Monday.
Pierre-Jean Sivignon resigned as chairman of Grupo Carrefour Brasil on Dec. 8 and the board elected his replacement on the same date, it said.
(Reporting by Ana Mano; editing by Jason Neely)
Skeleton of an Ancient Giant Found in Iran
News of giant skeletons in Iran generates talk of Nephilim, giants in stasis chambers and other stories and this new discovery is no different. The skeleton of a being much larger than humans living around 500 CE was found among artifacts at a dig in the Iranian province of Lorestan. The artifacts were dated from 550 BCE to 650 CE, covering a number of empires known to that area, making it an exciting discovery even without the giant.
In the north of the Chia Sabz area we found the grave of an elderly man. It consists of four clay walls, covered with a large stone slab.
Of course, the giant is the main attraction here so chief archeologist Ata Hasanpour introduces him first. The skeleton measured over two meters (6 feet 6 inches) in height, making him a tall man today but a giant among his peers who averaged 160 cm (5 feet 3 inches). He lived in the Sasanian Empire, which existed from about 224 CE to 651 CE and was the last imperial dynasty in Persia (Iran), rivaling the Roman-Byzantine Empire. The skeleton was buried on its side in a north-west to south-east direction in what appears to be a graveyard. Children and young adults were buried in southern part of the graveyard in the same manner.
There's no indication that the giant was treated with fear or respect when alive or in death. The square graveyard was fenced with stone walls covered with monoliths and a large amount of broken pottery was found next to it. That doesn't sound like they thought he might be a biblical Nephilim.
Was this giant one of the rumored giants kept in suspended animation in stasis chambers for thousands of years – possibly using alien technology or even being members of an alien race themselves – to be reanimated at some pre-designated time or in the event of an emergency that causes someone to break the glass – from outside or from within? Carbon dating on the skeleton would possibly answer that and Hasanpour has the giant and the other remains currently being tested. If it's indeed a mythical or alien giant, will the results ever be released?
Even if the giant is just a big man, the discovery is important because the artifacts date back to the Achaemenid Empire, also known as the First Persian Empire, and are the first from that time to ever be found in Lorestan. Achaemenid was one of the largest empires in history until it was conquered by Alexander the Great – a military and political giant.
The long skeleton in the Lorestan graveyard is probably just from a very tall man. Whether its giants are mythical in stature or real in power, the history of this part of the world is truly big and interesting.
PARIS: Heavyweights Spain qualified for the 2018 World Cup with a routine 3-0 home win over Albania, but Serbia must wait to seal to their place following a 3-2 loss in Austria.
Rodrigo, Isco and Thiago Alcantara all scored inside the first 30 minutes in Alicante as the 2010 world champions locked up top spot in Group G as Italy were surprisingly held to a 1-1 draw by Macedonia in Turin.
Barcelona defender Gerard Pique was greeted with a mixture of jeers and applause on his 92nd international appearance just days after voting in a referendum on Catalan independence deemed illegal by the Spanish government and blighted by police violence.
Four-time World Cup winners Italy are destined for the November play-offs after Macedonian substitute Aleksandar Trajkovski's 77th-minute equaliser cancelled out a first-half goal by veteran defender Giorgio Chiellini.
Serbia missed out on a chance to wrap up qualification from Group D with a match to spare as Louis Schaub struck a minute from time to give Austria victory in Vienna.
Serbia, who could have sealed a spot in Russia with victory, led through an early Luka Milivojevic goal but fell behind as Austria replied through efforts from Guido Burgstaller and Marko Arnautovic.
Advertisement
Advertisement
Manchester United midfielder Nemanja Matic had levelled on 83 minutes before Schaub's winner, but Serbia can still advance by defeating Georgia in their final qualifier in Belgrade on Monday.
Tom Lawrence scored his first international goal to earn Wales a vital 1-0 victory in Georgia and keep them firmly in the hunt for a finals berth.
The Derby County forward rifled in the winner four minutes after half-time in Tbilisi as Chris Coleman's team stayed a point clear of third-placed Republic of Ireland.
The Irish brushed Moldova aside 2-0 in Dublin through a first-half brace from Daryl Murphy and now face Wales at home in a final-round showdown with first place in the group still in play.
"All we can do is work hard and take care of our business. We have a huge test on Monday night against the Republic of Ireland. We have a game plan and we will see where it takes us," Coleman told Sky Sports.
Serbia head the section on 18 points with Wales, aiming to reach the World Cup for the first time since 1958, second on 17 and Ireland another point further back.
Iceland took a huge step towards a maiden World Cup appearance with an impressive 3-0 win over Turkey in Eskisehir that leaves the hosts all but out of the running.
Johann Gudmundsson, Birkir Bjarnason and Kari Arnason scored as Iceland pulled two points clear of Croatia at the top of Group I after the latter were held to a disappointing 1-1 draw at home to eliminated Finland.
Ukraine are level on 17 points with Croatia following a 2-0 win away to Kosovo and host the Croats in Kiev on Monday.
In today's film news roundup, Topher Grace will play a man of God, the AMC movie chain names a new chairman, and Jillian Clare will star in romantic comedy “Roasted.”
CASTING
Topher Grace is joining “This Is Us” star Chrissy Metz in Fox 2000's faith-based movie “The Impossible,” set up with “Miracles From Heaven” producer DeVon Franklin.
Roxann Dawson is directing from a script by Grant Nieporte, based on Joyce Smith's book “The Impossible: The Miraculous Story of a Mother's Faith and Her Child's Resurrection.” Smith wrote the book about her 14-year-old son coming back to life through her prayer and faith — even though his heart had stopped after he fell through a frozen lake in Missouri.
Grace will play the pastor in the small town who helps the mother and community get through the ordeal. Grace's credits include “War Machine” and Spike Lee's upcoming “Black Klansman.”
Grace is repped by ICM Partners, Lighthouse Management & Media, and Ziffren Brittenham. The news was first reported by Deadline Hollywood.
EXECUTIVE APPOINTMENT
Wanda Film Group president Zeng Maojun (aka John Zeng) has been elected unanimously as non-executive chairman of the AMC Entertainment Board of Directors.
Related Topher Grace Wheels and Deals Residences on Both Coasts (EXCLUSIVE) Film News Roundup: Chrissy Metz to Star in Faith-Based Movie 'The Impossible'
The move follows last week's resignation of Lincoln Zhang from the chairman role at AMC. He was due to transition to a new senior position within AMC parent Dalian Wanda Group. Zeng is Wanda's most senior executive in charge of all of Wanda's film-related activity, including Wanda Cinemas, Wanda Films, and the Qingdao Movie Metropolis.
“His appointment as AMC's Chairman reflects Wanda's continuing commitment to AMC,” the company said.
Wanda's parent Dalian Wanda Group bought AMC in 2012 for $2.6 billion. AMC is the largest chain in the U.S. with 661 locations.
Adam Aron, CEO and president of AMC Entertainment, added, “Wanda has been a terrific major shareholder of AMC, and we are fortunate that Wanda's most senior executive in charge of its diverse film businesses has agreed to serve as AMC Chairman. John Zeng is both experienced and knowledgeable about our industry and our company, and undoubtedly will be a superb Chairman of AMC's Board of Directors.”
MOVIE RIGHTS
Leonian Pictures has optioned the movie rights to Robert Hensley's romantic comedy screenplay “Roasted,” with Leonian partner Jillian Clare attached in a leading role.
The story, which was developed by Hensley and Kris Deskins, revolves around an ensemble cast and their intertwining relationships. The action is set in a Los Angeles coffee shop.
Hensley, whose previous work includes the short film “The Taste of Salt,” is attached to direct. Leonian's credits include teen drama “Miss Behave”; faith-based feature film “By God's Grace”; the TV series “Acting Dead”; the feature dramedy “Pretty Broken”; and the teen dance film “To the Beat!”
Hensley is managed by Versa Manos of Gorgeous Media Group.
Win a pair of tickets to UCLA Bruins vs. Oregon on October 21st at the Rose Bowl!
Join the Bruins at the Rose Bowl for the best in college football and tailgating. Arrive early. Wear blue. Cheer loud. EVERY game.
Call (310) UCLA-WIN or go to UCLABruins.com to purchase your ticket. Tickets start ONLY at $5 each!
Go to UCLABruins.com and get your season pass!
October 5, 2017: National Registration Bureau (NRB) Data Supervisor, Esther Munthali has said registration of birth is now compulsory, universal and systematic.
She made the remarks Thursday during a District Executive Committee (DEC) meeting held at the boma where she briefed members about registration of birth, the process the Bureau is about to roll out in the district.
“Initially, birth registration was voluntary for indigenous Malawians under the repealed Birth and Death Registration Act of 1904. But now, it has become mandatory following the enactment of the 2010 National Registration Bureau Act,” Munthali disclosed.
She said the Act introduces universal and compulsory registration of births, marriages, deaths and issuance of National Identity Cards to all Malawians aged 16 and above and identity cards to all resident foreigners,”
Munthali explained that what it means now is that every new born baby should be registered at a health facility within six weeks of birth.
NRB Supervisor pointed out that registration of birth is a vital step towards building a protective environment for children against abuse, exploitation, violence and statelessness.
Munthali added, “The process would help government develop relevant plans on health service delivery such as immunisation.”
She urged public servants to sensitize the communities about the issue saying NRB alone could not afford to reach all corners of the district due to financial constraints.
Related Coverage Swine flu sickens Muskegon County Fair exhibitors
ALLEGAN, Mich. (WOOD) — A child who visited the Allegan County Fair is Michigan's first confirmed case of swine flu this year, according to health officials.
The Michigan Department of Health and Human Services along with the Allegan County Health Department say the child recently tested positive for the H3N2 variant influenza, more commonly known as swine flu.
While there currently is no vaccine for H3N2v, health officials say it's unlikely anyone else who attended the fair will be sickened, since the virus' typical incubation period has passed. The Allegan County Fair took place Sept. 8-16; swine flu symptoms typical emerge 1-7 days after exposure.
Allegan County Health Office Angelique Joynes also cautioned that variant flu viruses rarely spread from person to person.
Symptoms of swine flu are similar to seasonal flu viruses, including fever, cough, runny nose, body aches, nausea, vomiting and diarrhea. Children younger than 5 years and people age 65 or older, pregnant women and those with medical conditions are at higher risk of developing complications, which can lead to pneumonia and even death.
As the flu season begins, health officials encourage people to take the following steps to protect themselves:
Avoid close contact with sick people.
Cover your nose and mouth with a tissue when you cough or sneeze.
Wash your hands often with soap and water. If soap and water are not available, use an alcohol-based hand rub.
Avoid touching your eyes, nose and mouth. Germs spread this way.
If you are sick, stay home from work or school until your illness is over.
Get an annual flu vaccination.
—-
Online:
Centers for Disease Control and Prevention: Swine flu
Share this: Email
Print
Facebook
Twitter
Google
Pinterest
More
LinkedIn
Tumblr
Reddit
By Jay Cook |
HOLMDEL – Local authorities are investigating a structure fire that burned through a real estate office in Holmdel Village last weekend.
On Jan. 27, the Holmdel Township Police Department responded around 10:18 p.m. to reports of an active structure fire at 51 East Main St., also known as Newman Springs Road. When authorities arrived three minutes later, they found the building fully engulfed in flames, the police department said in a Facebook post.
The building houses Neuhaus Realty and was unoccupied at the time of the fire. No one was injured during the firefight, authorities said.
Holmdel Fire and Rescue Company #2 and Holmdel First Aid Squad both initially responded. Additional fire companies from Hazlet, Keansburg, Matawan, North Centerville, Tinton Falls and Union Beach were on scene to provide mutual aid assistance.
The Holmdel Township Police Department is investigating the cause of the blaze with the Monmouth County Prosecutor's Office and the Monmouth County Fire Marshall's office. Anyone with any information is urged to call Holmdel Police Detective Sergeant Ed Martinez at 732-946-4400.
Neuhaus Realty has been in business for 46 years, according to its Facebook page. It has a second office location in Staten Island.
According to Monmouth County public tax records, the building was built in 1906. It is also listed on the Monmouth County Historic Sites inventory in a section of town that dates back about 150 years.
This article was first published in the Feb. 1-8, 2018 print edition of The Two River Times.
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Astrazeneca:
* CEO SAYS SHOULD BE ABLE TO CONTINUE TO GROW IN CHINA AT LOW-20S PERCENTAGE RATE
* CEO SAYS POTENTIAL OF CHINA “ABSOLUTELY GIGANTIC” Further company coverage: (Reporting by UK bureau)
New B.C. Premier John Horgan has been critical of the previous government's commitment to introduce services like Uber by the end of 2017. Nonetheless, he has simultaneously acknowledged that legalization of such services is on the province's horizon.
The NDP leader has sought to position himself as pro-ride-sharing, while also describing the Liberal plan as “a betrayal to hundreds of small-business owners who drive taxis to make a living.” One of the mandate letters Horgan has issued, addressed to the minister of Transportation and Infrastructure, highlights the importance of creating “a fair approach to ride-sharing.”
The legalization of ride-sharing needs to be sensitive to the interests and concerns of taxi-industry employees, such as drivers, who could have their livelihoods damaged by an insufficiently cautious rollout. But we must also consider the interests of B.C. consumers. And putting the brakes on ride-sharing will produce its own set of harms.
Personal security, for example, has been seriously overlooked in this debate. Every individual who wishes to leave their home and get from A to B safely is a de facto stakeholder in the ride-sharing debate. The present ban impacts even those who have no interest in using Uber (or similar apps), as it reduces the number of transportation options available to them.
A recent report by the CBC indicates that the average wait time for a cab in Vancouver is 45 minutes. Generally, the wait is the longest on weekends, when many are drinking at bars and nightclubs. In addition to being irksome, the taxi shortage effectively puts people in dangerous situations that could be avoided. How many frustrated individuals have simply given up trying to find a cab, and opted to walk home instead? How many have climbed behind the wheel while intoxicated? According to ICBC, a total of 329 people were killed in impaired-driving incidents in B.C. between 2011 and 2015. The science regarding ride-sharing's impact on impaired driving isn't yet settled. But its potential to save lives still needs to be seriously discussed — not crowded out by gripes from the taxi industry.
Opponents of ride-sharing often state that conventional taxis are safer. Ad campaigns in cities like San Francisco have claimed that only taxis go through driver background checks, safety and meter inspection, etc., in hopes of raising doubts about ride-sharing's safety. These types of claims might turn out to have some merit. But they're actually beside the point. Uber and the like are clearly safer than trying to walk home or driving while inebriated. Even if you make the assumption that “taxis are safer than Uber” it doesn't follow that “Uber should be banned.” This point often gets lost in an emotional debate over taxis.
Ride-sharing is also generally cheaper than cabbing. No doubt there are those who've chosen to walk because they couldn't afford a taxi, but could have afforded a ride-share. These individuals are likely to live in less-affluent, more-crime-ridden neighbourhoods. It's probable that the security risks associated with the ban are felt most by demographics that are already in a vulnerable position.
We also believe the ban on ride-sharing services is particularly disadvantageous to women. Ride-sharing apps enable users to summon drivers silently, and vehicles are sent to customers' precise locations. This means that individuals can utilize them without signalling to others that they wish to leave an uncomfortable situation, which can have tangible safety benefits. The fact that customers can also learn, via the app, who their driver is before they arrive gives ride-sharing services a further safety advantage.
British Columbians should be concerned by the new government's lukewarm endorsement of ride-sharing. This ambivalence has serious costs. The concerns of the taxi industry merit attention, but they shouldn't be treated with more reverence than those of individuals whose physical safety is diminished by policies that unfairly prohibit people from buying car rides from others who are willing to provide them.
Francesco Sturino is a research associate with the Macdonald-Laurier Institute and Mira Raatikainen is a research associate with the Canadian Constitution Foundation.
CLICK HERE to report a typo.
Is there more to this story? We'd like to hear from you about this or any other stories you think we should know about. Email vantips@postmedia.com.
The idea of a minimum or basic income has been around for almost 500 years.
According to the Basic Income Earth Network (BIEN — the French word for good), 16th Century humanists such as British author and statesman Thomas Moore first floated the idea as a way to reduce theft, often perpetrated by the poor.
Moore's contemporary, Italian philosopher Johannes Ludovicus Vives, is considered the “true father” of the idea for suggesting cities pay a basic income to the poor as an efficient way for society to live up to its moral responsibility to care for the disadvantaged.
In 1796, American revolutionary Thomas Paine, who argued the earth in its uncultivated state belonged to everyone, proposed a “citizen's dividend” of £21 to be paid to all men at age 21, funded through a tax on landowners. He also suggested annual payments of £10 to those over age 50.
More recently, economists and activists on the left and right of the political spectrum have supported the idea, including American conservative Milton Friedman, who in the early 1960s saw it as a way to abolish the minimum wage and limit the “welfare state.” His liberal contemporary, John Kenneth Galbraith, championed it as a way to end poverty.
Details have emerged about the 10 individuals who lost their lives after a driver plowed into pedestrians in Toronto on Monday afternoon.
WATCH: More coverage of Monday's Toronto van attack
The deadly incident, which was allegedly carried out by suspect Alek Minassian, led the entire city to pause and come together in solidarity with those who were affected.
Here are the names of those who were killed and a glimpse into the lives they led.
READ MORE: What we know and don't know about the deadly Toronto van attack
Anne Marie D'Amico
D'Amico was the first victim to be identified in the attack on Yonge Street. She worked as a performance management analyst at Invesco, a U.S.-based investment management company.
Invesco is close to the stretch of road on Yonge Street where the driver mounted a curb.
Unnamed Jordanian citizen
A resident of Jordan is also among the victims killed, the Embassy of Jordan in Ottawa confirmed to Global News.
“We are writing to confirm that one Jordanian Citizen is amongst the deseased [sic] of the henious [sic] attack that took place in Toronto on Monday April 23, 2018,” an email from the embassy read.
The victim's name has not been confirmed.
READ MORE: Toronto van attack suspect charged with 10 counts of 1st-degree murder, 13 of attempted murder
South Korean citizens
Two South Korean citizens have also died, a South Korean foreign ministry representative in Canada told Reuters Tuesday.
The country's foreign affairs ministry confirmed the news in a tweet Tuesday.
Seneca College student
Seneca College also confirmed that one of its student died in the attack.
“Our thoughts are with all those affected, including the family and friends of one of our students who died as a result of the tragic incident,” an email to Global News read.
The student was not named due to privacy concerns.
Attempted murder charges
Minassian, who appeared in court Tuesday morning, is facing 10 first-degree murder charges in connection with the deaths. He is also charged with 13 counts of attempted murder.
These are the injured victims for whom the suspect is facing attempted murder charges.
Sammantha Samson
Samantha Peart
Morgan McDougall
Mavis Justino
Catherine Riddell
Aleksandra Kozhevinikova
Amir Kiumarsi
Yunsheng Tian
Jun Seok Park
Amaresh Tesfamariam
So Ra
Beverly Smith
Robert Anderson
— Several of the attack victims remain unidentified. This post will be updated as more information is learned.
Dr Joe Obiajulu Okei-Odumakin, Chairman (Steering Committee) Movement against Corruption and President Women Arise for Change has urged Nigerians to join the EFCC in winning the war against corruption.
Odumakin who was speaking during a courtesy visit to the Economic and Finacial Crimes Commission on February 2, expressed concern over the impact of corruption in Nigeria noting that “Nigeria is bleeding under the heavy weight of corruption”.
She called on Nigerians to take the fight against corruption as a duty saying, “There is the need for Nigerians to own the fight against corruption because it is not only for Magu and EFCC, but for the citizens to win”.
Odumakin attributed the success of the EFCC to the political will of the government, noting that Nigerians too can attest this going by what happened recently in Addis Ababa where President Buhari was honoured as the ‘Africa Anti-corruption Champion' by the African Union, AU.
“The government has helped in providing an enabling environment for the Commission to thrive”, she said.
While urging the Senate to join the wagon of change by confirming Magu as the substantive chairman of EFCC, Odumakin said “If at the level of Africa, the giant strides of Magu and indeed Nigeria in the fight against corruption is recognized, and if we can realise that if we don't kill corruption, corruption will kill us, then I am appealing to the Senate as true representatives of the people, not to stand against the moving train”
The Acting Chairman of the EFCC, Ibrahim Magu, on his part, called on Nigerians to eschew all manners corruption as it remains the bane of the country.
Magu urged the group to take upon itself the zeal to fight corruption stressing that, “It is a duty that must be done”.
In charging Nigerians to take ownership of the fight against corruption, Magu challenged individuals as stakeholders in the fight not to shy away from fighting the hydra-headed monster.
“Fight corruption the way you can. The fight against corruption should not be left for the EFCC alone. Everybody has a duty to fight corruption. You may not fight corruption the way EFCC is doing, but you can do it through your actions or deeds”, he said.
The EFCC boss assured the group that, despite the odds, he would not give up in the fight against corruption adding that he would fight the menace this year like never before.
“Against all adversaries, I remain focused, dogged, committed and determined more than never before to bring all corrupt elements in this country to justice. So, let's join hands to fight the battle and ensure it is won”, he said.
He urged the group to continue its efforts in mobilizing Nigerians against corruption for the country to attain sustainable development.
Oke-Odumakin was accompanied on the visit by Sadiq Daba, veteran actor and ambassador of the Movement Against Corruption.
Daba lauded the numerous achievements of the EFCC and urged Magu to continue with his job without fear or favour saying, “Nigerians are behind you”
Other members of the delegation are Olufemi Lawson, Tim Gabriel and Leye Somefun.
FC Goa have signed their fifth foreign player in the form defender Sergio Juste Marin for the upcoming Indian Super League (ISL).Apart from the former Barcelona B captain, other foreigners who will be representing the Goan club this season are Bruno Pinheiro, Ferran Corominas, Manuel Arana and Ahmed Jahouh.The versatile defender who can play in multiple positions across the backline, is a product of La Masia and has had spells with Gimanstic Tarragona and CE L'Hospitalet.The 25-year-old has also worn the armband for the Barcelona B side during a spell of four years at the club.A player adept at playing the ball out of the back, Juste Marin is seen as a good back-up option for Pinheiro. He can also operate from the right side of the back line and make incisions into the opposition's box."I look forward to playing for FC Goa. This is a new challenge for me and I will be playing outside of Spain for the first time. I thank the club for their faith in my abilities and hope that I can repay that faith with my performances for the team," Juste Marin said."There are already a few other players from Spain and with that in mind, I think I will be able to slot in the team's style of play very easily," he added.
RIO DE JANEIRO - A gunman stormed a house party and killed 11 people, including his former wife and 8-year-old son, before shooting himself in the head during a New Year's party in the southeastern Brazilian city of Campinas late on Saturday.
Police in the state of São Paulo said the shooter, identified as 46-year-old Sidnei Ramis de Araújo, is believed to have been angry over a split with his wife, Isamara Filier, 41, and their son João Victor. Three other people remain hospitalized, police said, while four people survived the attack unharmed, including one party attendee who managed to flee to a bathroom and phone the police when the shooting began.
Survivors, according to a police spokesman, said that just before midnight, the shooter jumped over a fence surrounding the house, burst through a door and began firing even as he berated Filier for taking their son. Araújo possibly sought to take advantage of the commotion of New Year's Eve to disguise the shooting, police said.
One neighbor told local television that he and his family heard shots, but had thought they might be fireworks until one of the wounded ran to their property, bleeding and pleading for help. Despite high rates of crime and violence in Brazil, including significant problems with assaults against women, the attack alarmed Latin America's biggest country on a holiday associated with family gatherings.
Gun deaths are common in heists, holdups and in confrontations among police, drug gangs and other criminals in Brazil, but targeted mass shootings are rare.
Police said Araújo, reported by local media to be a laboratory technician, used a 9 mm pistol and carried two additional clips, extra ammunition, a knife and unspecified but unused explosives.
Investigators are analyzing the explosives in addition to a cell phone and audio recorder found in a car he parked outside the home to determine whether Araújo left any sort of message about his attack. Police said they did not yet know if Araújo had a history of violence, or whether he had been known to physically harm or threaten his former wife before the attack. Campinas, an industrial and university city of over 1 million residents, is located about 100 kilometers (60 miles) northwest of the city of São Paulo, Brazil's biggest metropolis.
YEARS ago in school, I was once one of the shyest boys around. Girls teased me no end, and other boys bullied me till one day at the morning assembly, I heard my headmaster say something that changed my life. “Most people,” he said, “tiptoe through life and finally reach death!” I went home mulling over those words and realized I was doing just that.
A very tired traveler came to the banks of a river. There was no bridge by which could cross. It was winter, and the surface of the river was covered with ice. It was getting dark, and he wanted to reach the other side while there was enough light to see. He debated whether or not the ice would bear his weight.
Finally, after much hesitation and fear, he got down on his knees and began very cautiously to creep across the surface of the ice. He hoped that by distributing the weight of his body, the ice would be less apt to break under the load.
After he made his slow and painful journey about halfway across the river, he suddenly heard the sound of singing behind him. Out of the dusk, there came a 4-horse load of coal driven by a man singing merrily as he went his carefree way. Here was the traveler, fearfully inching his way on his hands and knees. And there, as if whisked along by the winter's wind, went the driver, his horses, his sled, and the heavy load of coal over the same river!
The story reiterates what I was saying at the beginning. How many of us go through life on tiptoe? Some stand on the bank of decisions unable to make up their minds about the course to take. Others stand on the banks trying to muster enough courage to cross over to the other side of the task or problem encountered. On the other hand, some individuals crawl and creep through life for fear of thin ice.
Their confidence in themselves is not strong enough to hold them up. Still there are those who whisk along whistling as they go. Their confidence is unshakable. How did I change my thinking? I asked God to walk with me, to give me courage in moments of fear, which believe you me were once in five minutes if not more, and I asked Him to let me live life to its fullest.
Today as I look back I can say with full assurance that when we face the river of difficulties, we do not have to fear, nor do we have to creep through life. There's help from above and with that help we can merrily make our way to the other side safely! Stand up, stop tiptoeing, start walking..!
—Email: [email protected]
Related
If Evan Thomas thought his days as a student were over after graduating from the University of British Columbia in December, he was sadly mistaken.
If Evan Thomas thought his days as a student were over after graduating from the University of British Columbia in December, he was sadly mistaken.
The fledgling golf professional, who declared his pro status in March, has spent the past five months learning about the game and his swing. And he's about to step up a class this week as he tees it up in the first round of the Mackenzie Tour's Freedom 55 Financial Open at Point Grey Golf Club on Thursday.
The 2017 CIS men's individual champion spent a couple of months in Arizona following graduation, working on his game with some buddies in the warm weather. He returned to Vancouver in time for the start of the Vancouver Golf Tour in early March and began his first season as a pro.
He's now playing golf to pay the bills.
“It's a lot nicer in that when you play well you make money instead of just gift certificates,” says the Calgary native, who finished with a 1-over, 71 at the VGT Ledgeview Classic in Abbotsford in early April to cash his first pro cheque. A tie for ninth earned him $128.57.
That won't pay a lot of bills but it's not really about the money right now for Holmes, it's about getting his feet wet as a young professional and feeling comfortable competing with seasoned pros.
“I haven't noticed a big transition yet between amateur golf and pro golf. I'm not sure if that's good or bad. I feel fairly comfortable out there and I'm really looking forward to the Mackenzie Tour,” says Holmes.
“I've got an exemption into this week but I'll try to Monday qualify into the rest of the B.C. Swing and hope for a good status heading into the reshuffle.”
Getting his first start on the Mackenzie Tour just down the road from where he went to school, and just around the corner from where the UBC team practised regularly at Shaughnessy, has to help Holmes get off to a good start.
“I know a fair bit (about the course). It's a pretty tight golf course, you have to keep it in the fairway to score as the greens should be firm and fast this week. Hitting it on the fairway off the tee will be paramount,” says Holmes.
“There are some scoring holes out here for sure, but there are some tough ones too and you need to pick and choose your battles carefully.”
Fortunately, Holmes has a game that should lend itself well to what Point Grey has to offer.
“(My game) fits the course pretty well. I'm a pretty good ball striker so I feel confident on a course that demands that. As long as I'm hitting fairways and greens it should be a good week.”
With all the swagger you would expect from a 22-year-old embarking on a new journey, Holmes is full of confidence heading into his first full-field pro event. But it's a cautious confidence, that of someone who knows that the learning curve is steep and the road to success is littered with players who thought they had what it takes to cash big cheques on the PGA Tour.
“I'm really not putting too high of expectations on myself this week,” says Holmes. “I know that I can play well out here but this is more about learning things on the bigger stage and getting used to it.”
It's also about learning to live with the disappointments that life as a pro golfer is bound to throw your way. After all, there is only winner every week with another 100 or more competitors heading home thinking about what they have to do in order to make it to the top of the pack on any given week.
It's a roller-coaster ride at the best of times.
“All golfers have peaks and valleys, whether you are on the PGA Tour or at this level,” says Holmes. “I think it's a matter of managing your lower levels rather than just riding the ups. As long as your bad isn't that bad it's a lot easier to stay consistent.
“I think that's what all golfers strive for, the ability to manage their consistency even when they might not have it on that day.”
Right now this is all theory for Holmes. Putting it into practice is something else entirely. But that's all part of the learning curve, as is finding the right balance between golf and the rest of life.
“I've heard a lot of stories about guys turning pro and spending eight or 10 hours a day on the range. And I've heard about guys getting burned out,” says Holmes.
“I think you have to find that balance between what you want to do and what you need to do on that day. You always have to do something every day, whether it is in the gym or on the course, but I wouldn't say I'm going 10 hours every day. I'm trying to keep everything in moderation and trust my body.”
See, he's learning already.
ssnelgrove@postmedia.com
Freedom 55 Financial Open
Thursday through Sunday
Point Grey Golf Club
Tickets and info: bcgolfswing.com
CLICK HERE to report a typo.
Is there more to this story? We'd like to hear from you about this or any other stories you think we should know about. Email vantips@postmedia.com
Tina Turner is not done telling her story.
The rock superstar is working on a sequel to her 1986 memoir “I, Tina,” Atria Books told The Associated Press on Monday. The new book is called “Tina Turner: My Love Story” and will come out next October, timed to the singer's 60th year in music.
78-year-old Turner says in a statement that she will write about everything from “finding love” to surviving a “life-threatening illness” she had never disclosed before.
Turner, who endured a horrifying marriage to musician Ike Turner, married Erwin Bach in 2013. She is known for such hits as “Proud Mary” and “What's Love Got To Do With It,” the title of a 1993 biopic starring Angela Bassett as Tina Turner and Laurence Fishburne as Ike.
New Zealand's in-form opening batsman Martin Guptill. Image: twitter.com
South Africa's one-day captain AB de Villiers has described that agonising result as "unfinished business", saying the Proteas are keen to exact revenge.
INTERNATIONAL NEWS - New Zealand's in-form opening batsman Martin Guptill will miss the first three matches of South Africa's tour after suffering a hamstring injury, officials said on Wednesday.New Zealand Cricket (NZC) said Guptill strained his hamstring during training and was out of this Friday's one-off Twenty20 international against the Proteas in Auckland.He will also miss two of the five one-day internationals in South Africa's busy touring schedule, which includes three tests.Rather than call up the vastly experienced Ross Taylor for the T20, the Black Caps instead turned to uncapped 20-year-old Glenn Phillips.Chief selector Gavin Larsen said the South African-born Aucklander had shown outstanding domestic form and was an exciting prospect."He bats with power, has shown he can clear the rope, and gets a deserved opportunity to showcase his skills on the international stage," Larsen said.Dean Brownlie will replace Guptill in the first two ODIs.Brownlie was considered unlucky to miss out on the ODI squad in the first place after a strong performance against Australia and Larsen said he was the logical replacement for Guptill.New Zealand and South Africa have only played 14 T20 internationals, with the Proteas victorious in 10 of them.They arrive in New Zealand as the world's top-ranked one-day team after winning their last 11 one-dayers, including 5-0 clean sweeps against Australia and Sri Lanka.They also have added motivation against the New Zealanders after the Black Caps ousted them from the 2015 World Cup in a dramatic semifinal in Auckland.
NEW YORK Billionaire Warren Buffett had proposed to invest US$3 billion in Uber Technologies Inc earlier this year, but the talks failed following disagreements over the deal's terms, Bloomberg reported on Wednesday (May 30), citing unidentified people familiar with the matter.
Buffett's Berkshire Hathaway Inc would have provided a convertible loan to Uber that would have protected Buffett's investment should the Silicon Valley ride-hailing company hit financial crisis, the report said.
Advertisement
Uber Chief Executive Officer Dara Khosrowshahi proposed decreasing the size of the deal to US$2 billion, giving Buffett a smaller share of the company. The deal fell after the two sides could not agree on terms, Bloomberg reported, citing a source.
Buffett told CNBC that "some of the reported details are not correct" but confirmed that Berkshire did have talks with Uber.
Khosrowshahi also confirmed in an interview with CNBC that Uber did have discussions with Buffett, but added that he didn't think "the reporting was entirely accurate."
Asked about whether the talks could resume, Khosrowshahi said it was "always possible" and he would welcome any kind of dialogue with Buffett.
Advertisement
Advertisement
A representative for Buffett did not immediately respond to a request for comment. An Uber spokesman declined to comment.
Buffett, who had long shunned the technology sector, has become a top shareholder of Apple Inc, and expressed regret about not investing in Alphabet Inc's Google and Amazon.com Inc before they became huge.
Berkshire has US$108.6 billion in cash and equivalents as of the end of March that it is eager to invest.
Berkshire said much of the US$14.8 billion it invested in equities during the first quarter went to Apple, and said it owned 239.6 million shares worth more than US$40 billion.
sentifi.com Channel NewsAsia - Sentifi topic widget
That said, Buffett may view Apple and Uber less than technology companies than strong brands with loyal customers. Berkshire has more than 90 operating units including the BNSF railroad, Geico auto insurance, Dairy Queen ice cream, Fruit of the Loom underwear, See's Candies and a variety of industrial, utility and chemical operations.
Larger stock investments are normally made by Buffett, but he has handed over more responsibility to his investment deputies Todd Combs and Ted Weschler in recent years.
Khosrowshahi has since his August appointment been trying to improve the image of Uber, which has been rocked by management turmoil and tarnished by revelations about an alleged sexist workplace culture tolerant of chauvinism. The Uber board of directors has committed to a 2019 initial public offering, and Khosrowshahi has not strayed from that timeline.
An investment by Buffett would likely have been viewed as a stamp of approval.
In the last decade, Buffett has invested billions of Berkshire dollars to support companies seeking a pick-me-up, including investments in Goldman Sachs Group Inc, General Electric Co and Bank of America Corp during or in the aftermath of the global financial crisis.
Many of these have carried favorable terms for Berkshire, giving it a reputation as a lender of last resort to companies in need.
In February, Uber was valued at US$72 billion.
PESHAWAR, Pakistan: At least three soldiers were killed and seven wounded on Saturday in a suicide attack on an army base camp in northern Pakistan, officials said, in a region that was once controlled by a local faction of the Taliban.
Attacks have decreased sharply in the picturesque Swat Valley but can cause alarm in a region where Pakistani Taliban insurgents took partial control in 2007, before being ousted two years later in a major military operation hailed as an important blow against Islamist violence.
Swat was the first sizeable region outside Pakistan's lawless tribal regions bordering Afghanistan to fall to the militants. More than 2,000 Taliban fighters have been driven out of the region, government officials say.
The Pakistan Army's public relations wing said in a statement that the "suicide attack" in the Swat Valley took place at the "army unit sports area".
A security official who asked not to be identified said the suicide bomber blew himself up as soldiers were playing a volleyball match that was being watched by a number of local civilians.
He added that the casualty count could rise as a large number of people had gathered in the area.
Advertisement
Advertisement
The attack was claimed by the Tehreek-e-Taliban, also known as the Pakistani Taliban, in a statement sent to the media.
"God willing Tehreek-e-Taliban has started the process of revenge attacks," Taliban spokesman Mohammad Khurasani said in the statement. "Wait for more (attacks) to follow."
The military has been on alert for signs of a Taliban resurgence as it seeks to rebuild civilian institutions and win over the local population as a bulwark against radical ideology.
Since being chased out the region, the Taliban have carried out revenge attacks against anti-militancy activists and attempted to extort money from business owners in a region where Pakistan has stationed more than 4,000 soldiers.
Pakistan's Prime Minister Shahid Khaqan Abbasi condemned the attack in a region that has also increasingly become an important part of the country's domestic tourism industry, with ski resorts popping up along the hills of the Swat Valley.
"No cowardly attack can deter us in pursuing our struggle against the menace of terrorism to its logical conclusion. We will continue our fight till the last trace is rooted out," the prime minister said in a statement.
(Additional reporting by Saad Sayeed and Saud Mehsud in Islamabad; Writing by Saad Sayeed)
- Advertisement -
The rape of Rohingya women by Myanmar's security forces has been sweeping and methodical, the Associated Press news agency found in interviews with 29 women and girls who fled to neighbouring Bangladesh.
The sexual assault survivors from several refugee camps were interviewed separately and extensively.
The women gave AP their names, but agreed to be publicly identified only by their first initial, citing fears they or their families would be killed by Myanmar's military.
They ranged in age from 13 years old to 35, came from a wide swath of villages in Myanmar's Rakhine state and described assaults between October 2016 and mid-September.
Yet there was a sickening sameness to their stories, with distinct patterns in their accounts, their assailants' uniforms and the details of the rapes themselves.
The testimonies bolster the UN's contention that Myanmar's armed forces are systematically employing rape as a “calculated tool of terror” aimed at exterminating the Rohingya people.
The Myanmar armed forces did not respond to multiple requests from the AP for comment, but an internal military investigation last month concluded that none of the assaults ever took place.
Myanmar official mocks rape accusation
When journalists asked about rape allegations during a government-organised trip to Rakhine in September, Rakhine's minister for border affairs, Phone Tint, replied: “These women were claiming they were raped, but look at their appearances – do you think they are that attractive to be raped?”
Doctors and aid workers, however, say they are stunned at the sheer volume of rapes, and suspect only a fraction of women has come forward.
Doctors Without Borders (MSF) volunteers have treated 113 sexual violence survivors since August, a third of them under 18. The youngest was nine.
Each woman interviewed by the AP described attacks that involved groups of men, often coupled with other forms of extreme violence.
Every woman except one said the assailants wore military-style uniforms, generally dark green or camouflage.
The lone woman who described her attackers as wearing plain clothes said her neighbours recognised them from the local military outpost.
Many women said the uniforms bore various patches featuring stars or, in a couple cases, arrows. Such patches represent the different units of Myanmar's army.
Though the scale of these attacks is new, the use of sexual violence by Myanmar's security forces is not.
Before she became Myanmar's civilian leader, Aung San Suu Kyi herself said Myanmar's armed forces used rape as a weapon to intimidate ethnic nationalities.
Yet Suu Kyi's government has not only failed to condemn the recent accounts of rape, it has dismissed the accounts as lies.
In December 2016, the government issued a press release disputing Rohingya women's reports of sexual assaults, accompanied by an image that said “Fake Rape”.
- Advertisement -
Victim's account
The newlyweds were asleep in their home in western Myanmar in June when seven soldiers charged in.
The woman, a Rohingya Muslim who agreed to be identified by her first initial, F, knew enough to be terrified.
She knew the military had been attacking Rohingya villages, as part of what the United Nations has called ethnic cleansing in the mostly Buddhist nation.
She heard just days before that soldiers had killed her parents and that her brother was missing.
Now they had come for her. The men bound her husband with rope, and tied her scarf around his mouth. They yanked off her jewelry and tore off her clothes. They threw her to the floor.
And then, she says, the first soldier began to rape her.
She struggled against him, but four men held her down and beat her with sticks. Her husband finally wriggled the gag out of his mouth and screamed.
And then she watched as a soldier fired a bullet into the chest of the man she had married only one month before. Another soldier slit his throat.
Her mind grew fuzzy. When the soldiers were finished, they dragged her outside and set her bamboo house ablaze.
It would be two months before she realised her misery was far from over: She was pregnant.
More than three months after the men burst into F's home, she was living with her neighbours – a couple and their five-year-old son. The timing of her rape left little doubt that the baby growing inside her belonged to one of the men who had caused all her grief.
She could only pray that things would not get worse. And then, one night in mid-September, they did.
The men broke down the door. There were five of them this time, F remembers. They slashed the boy's throat, and killed the man.
Then they turned to the man's wife, and to F. And her nightmare began again.
They stripped off the women's clothes and threw them to the floor. F's friend fought back, and the men beat her so viciously the skin on her thighs began to peel away.
But the fight had gone out of F. She felt her body go soft, felt the blood run between her legs as the first man forced himself on her, and then the second. Three men savaged her friend.
When it was over, the women lay on the floor for days.
Finally, F hauled herself to her feet, pulling her friend up with her. Hand in hand, the women stumbled to the next village, and then began the 10-day journey to Bangladesh.
Which is where F lives now, in a tiny bamboo shelter between two filthy latrines. And it is here that F prays her baby will be a boy – because this world is no place for a girl.
The child will be the only family F has left. For her, the most haunting reminder of the agony she endured also, somehow, represents her last chance at happiness.
“Everybody has died,” she says. “I don't have anyone to care for me. If I give this baby away, what will I have left? There will be nothing to live for.”
click to enlarge EXECUTIONS HALTED: Bruce Ward (left) and Don Davis.
Thehas blocked the executions of the two men who were scheduled to be put to death tonight.The Court granted a stay to Bruce Ward on Friday without explanation. Today, it granted a stay to, also without explanation.Justices Karen Baker, Shawn Womack and Rhonda Wood dissented in each decision to stay.Attorneys for Davis and Ward had asked the state Supreme Court to stop the executions until the U.S. Supreme Court can decide a case over adequate consideration of mental state of people sentenced to death.The U.S. Supreme Court is to hear an Alabama case April 24. The question is whether an indigent defendant had adequate access to experts to develop a defense based on mental health. An evaluation of a defendant's competency by an expert shared by prosecution and defense is inadequate, the defense argues.Ward's attorneys have said he suffers from severe and lifelong schizophrenia and delusions. Davis has an IQ low enough to approach disability, plus ADHD and psychoactive substance abuse disorders, according to a news release on his original court filing.The executions were already on hold thanks to federal Judge Kristine Baker's preliminary injunction, currently on appeal at the Eighth Circuit U.S. Court of Appeals.The state could appeal the Arkansas Supreme Court's decisions to the U.S. Supreme Court, but a spokesman for Attorney General Leslie Rutledge said she is "considering options as to how to proceed."
Saskatoon Fire Department assistant chief Wayne Rodger on the importance of having an escape route planned in case of an emergency.
Anurag Thakur has been ordered to stand down from his role as the president of the Board of Control for Cricket in India (BCCI) by the country's supreme court.
It was deemed that Thakur, who took up the position in May last year after being elected unopposed, failed to implement the recommendations handed down by the Lodha Committee, most of which the court made mandatory in July last year.
Indeed the court said Thakur and secretary Ajay Shirke, who has also been told to step down as BCCI secretary, had stood in the way of the measures.
A statement said: "Anurag Thakur, President of BCCI and Ajay Shirke, Secretary, BCCI shall forthwith cease and desist from being associated with the working of BCCI.
"The President and Secretary and office bearers of BCCI have obstructed the implementation of the final directions of this court."
The Lodha Committee, which was appointed in 2015 following corruption scandals at the Indian Premier League, suggested several reforms for BCCI administration.
Those included a ban on any office-bearer having more than two consecutive terms and the board coming under the right to information act.
Chief executive Rahul Johri will oversee the daily operations at the BCCI, while the court said it would appoint members to oversee cricket administration in India until a new president and secretary were assigned.
Thakur said in a statement posted on his official Twitter account: "For me (running the BCCI) was not a personal battle, it was a battle for the autonomy of the sports body.
"If the supreme court judges feel that BCCI could do better under the retired judges, I wish them all the best. I am sure Indian cricket will do well under their guidance.
"My commitment to the best of Indian cricket and the autonomy of sports will always remain."
Allahabad: The Allahabad High Court on Tuesday adjourned hearing of a plea to revive a criminal case against Uttar Pradesh chief minister Yogi Adityanath for allegedly triggering violence during the meeting of a Samajwadi Party leader at Maharajganj in 1999, resulting in death of a policeman.
Justice DS Tripathi adjourned hearing of the plea by Talat Aziz, an SP woman leader, for three weeks.
Aziz had alleged that erstwhile Gorakhpur MP Yogi Adityanath had reached the venue of her political meeting at Mahrajganj on 10 February, 1999 and created disturbance, resulting in violent clashes and death of Head Constable Satya Prakash, her PSO, due to gunshot injuries.
Besides this FIR lodged by Aziz at Kotwali police station in Mahrajganj against Yogi and several unnamed persons, the then Kotwali SHO too had lodged a case against Yogi and 21 others under sections 307 (attempt to murder), 153A and other sections of the Indian penal Code.
Yogi too had lodged a third counter-FIR on the same incident against Aziz and others alleging attack on him by her and others.
The matter was subsequently handed over to the CBCID for investigation, which closed the case by submitting a final report in it.
Aggrieved over the report, Talat Aziz had challenged it and filed a protest petition before additional chief judicial magistrate of Mahrajganj.
The protest petition of Talat Aziz was treated as criminal complaint case by the magistrate, who, however, dismissed the case on 13 March, 2018.
Talat Aziz subsequently moved the high court, challenging the dismissal of the case against Yogi.
Advertisement
As many as 2.5 million votes could have been manipulated in the Turkey referendum which saw a narrow “yes” vote to grant expanded presidential powers, according to observers.
The Council of Europe, which monitored the referendum, had already claimed it was an uneven contest as the “yes” side had dominated campaign coverage, with the arrest of journalists and the closure of media outlets silencing other views.
Alev Korun, a member of the group, said monitors had been prevented from entering voting locations in the majority Kurdish town of Diyarbakir and also raised concerns over videos on social media which appeared to show people voting more than once.
He also said a last-minute decision by the Turkish election authority to allow ballot envelopes without the official stamp was illegal.
“This is about the fact that actually the law only allows official voting envelopes,” Mr Korun said.
“The highest election authority decided however – as it were, against the law – that envelopes without official stamp should be admitted.
“There is a suspicion that up to 2.5 million votes could have been manipulated.
“These complaints are to be taken very seriously and they are, in any case, of such an extent that they would turn around the outcome of the vote.”
The pro-Kurdish opposition Peoples' Democratic Party has said it presented complaints about unstamped ballots affecting three million voters.
The opposition CHP party will present an appeal for the annulment of the referendum to the High Electoral Board (YSK) on Tuesday.
Advertisement
On Monday, the Union of Turkish Bar Associations (TBB) reiterated that allowing unstamped ballots was against the law.
In a statement, it said: “With this illegal decision, ballot box councils were misled into believing that the use of unstamped ballots was appropriate.
“The YSK announcement, which is clearly against the law, has led to irregularities, and the prevention of records that could uncover irregularities from being kept.”
Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan has dismissed criticism of the referendum.
He refuted concerns raised by international monitors from the Organisation for Security and Co-operation in Europe (OSCE), telling them to “know your place”.
Meanwhile, Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim has said rumours of voting irregularities were a vain effort to cast doubt on the result.
He told parliamentarians: “The people's will has been reflected at the ballot box, and the debate is over. Everyone should respect the outcome, especially the main opposition.”
A British Foreign Office spokesman said: “We are concerned by the preliminary findings of the OSCE – which included UK observers. We encourage the Turkish authorities to work with the OSCE to address their concerns.
“It is important that Turkey enacts these constitutional changes in a way that sustains democracy, respects the rule of law and protects fundamental freedoms in line with its international commitments.
“As a friend and ally, the UK stands ready to support Turkey in this process.”
WASHINGTON: U.S. President Donald Trump on Tuesday will sign an executive order directing federal agencies to recommend changes to a temporary visa program used to bring foreign workers to the United States to fill high-skilled jobs.
Two senior Trump administration officials who briefed reporters at the White House said Trump will also use the "buy American and hire American" order to seek changes in government procurement practices to increase the purchase of American products in federal contracts.
Trump is to sign the order when he visits the world headquarters of Snap-On Inc, a tool manufacturer in Kenosha, Wisconsin.
The order is an attempt by Trump to carry out his "America First" campaign pledges to reform U.S. immigration policies and encourage purchases of American products. As he nears the 100-day benchmark of his presidency, Trump has no major legislative achievements to tout but has used executive orders to seek regulatory changes to help the U.S. economy.
The order he will sign on Tuesday will call for "the strict enforcement of all laws governing entry into the United States of labor from abroad for the stated purpose of creating higher wages and higher employment rates for workers in the United States," one of the senior officials said.
It will call on the departments of Labor, Justice, Homeland Security and State to take action to crack down on what the official called "fraud and abuse" in the U.S. immigration system to protect American workers.
The order will call on those four federal departments to propose reforms to ensure H-1B visas are awarded to the most skilled or highest paid applicant.
H-1B visas are intended for foreign nationals in "specialty" occupations that generally require higher education, which according to U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services (USCIS) includes, but is not limited to, scientists, engineers or computer programmers. The government uses a lottery to award 65,000 visas every year and randomly distributes another 20,000 to graduate student workers.
The number of applications for H-1B visas fell to 199,000 this year from 236,000 in 2016, according U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services.
Companies say they use visas to recruit top talent. More than 15 percent of Facebook Inc's U.S. employees in 2016 used a temporary work visa, according to a Reuters analysis of U.S. Labor Department filings.
But a majority of the visas are awarded to outsourcing firms, sparking criticism by skeptics who say those firms use the visas to fill lower-level information technology jobs. Critics also say the lottery system benefits outsourcing firms that flood the system with mass applications.
The senior official said the end result of how the system currently works is that foreign workers are often brought in at less pay to replace American workers, "violating the principle of the program."
Senate Republican leader Mitch McConnell, Democratic Senator Dick Durbin of Illinois, Republican Representative Darrell Issa of California and Democratic Representative Zoe Lofgren of California were not immediately available to comment.
Facebook, Microsoft Corp and Apple Inc were also not immediately available after normal business hours.
The order also asks federal agencies to look at how to get rid of loopholes in the government procurement process.
Specifically, the review will take into account whether waivers in free-trade agreements are leading to unfair trade by allowing foreign companies to undercut American companies in the global government procurement market.
"If it turns out America is a net loser because of those free-trade agreement waivers, which apply to almost 60 countries, these waivers may be promptly renegotiated or revoked," the second official said.
(Reporting by Steve Holland; Additional reporting by Eric Beech in Washington and David Ingram in San Francisco; Editing by Lisa Shumaker)
Icy roads caused several crashes on Monday, but fortunately there were no serious injuries.
Crews were called to a dramatic rollover crash on Deerfoot Trail at Glenmore Trail at about 8:00 a.m. A truck ended up on it's roof after losing control on ice, but despite the seriousness of the crash, police say injuries were very minor.
A multi-vehicle crash on southbound Deerfoot Trail at Douglasdale Boulevard on Monday morning also tied up traffic, but there were no injuries in that crash.
There were also numerous minor collisions around the city.
Snow removal crews are out and focusing on plowing and sanding Priority One routes.
General Growth Properties rejected Brookfield Property's $14.8 billion offer, according to Reuters. The Federal Reserve is getting set for another rate hike this week, MarketWatch reports. These are among today's top must reads from around the commercial real estate industry.
Jose Mourinho effectively conceded the Premier League title to Manchester City on Friday, admitting that his Manchester United side are competing to be “first of the last” in the table.
United lost in midweek at Tottenham, allowing their local rivals to open up a commanding 15-point lead, with just 13 games remaining.
But Mourinho insisted that there is still plenty for his team to play for in the league this season, with second place and qualification for the Champions League his primary focus.
“It makes me feel that they are doing so, so well that they are not letting the others come close to that, as simple as that,” said Mourinho when asked how City's dominance made him feel.
“With the number of points and improvement we have in relation to last season, in normal conditions the distance would be a distance that leaves the fight open.
“And, at the moment, the fight is open for second, third, fourth, fifth and sixth but it is practically closed for the first.”
However, the Portuguese insisted that falling short to Pep Guardiola's rampant City, who have dropped just seven points all season, shouldn't be classified as a failure.
“If you tell me all six want to be champion and only one will be champion and the other five fail, I think is too pragmatic a way to look at it because you can do positive work and not win the title,” added Mourinho.
“I cannot say that we are doing bad or Tottenham is doing bad or Chelsea is doing bad because the number of points we have are a very reasonable number of points.”
Mourinho was talking ahead of the home Premier League meeting with Huddersfield, where United will mark the 60th anniversary of the Munich air disaster that falls on Tuesday.
The United manager paid his respects to the tragedy that shaped his club's history but insisted that it is also vital that they return to winning ways.
“It's not because of this Munich disaster that the game becomes important for us,” he said. “The game is important because we need points to be the first of the last, we have to try to finish second.”
– Better than last season –
And Mourinho challenged his players to shrug off the after-effects of defeat at Spurs to continue their upward curve in the league this season compared his debut campaign at United last year.
“We were first for a few weeks and then we were always second, I don't remember us being fourth, fifth or sixth, we have been there since the beginning of the season, better than last season in every aspect – points, position, number of goals scored, conceded, better in everything.
“So we have to try to stay there and is not easy because there are very good teams. Chelsea are champions again, (had a) fantastic (transfer) market, Liverpool is a great team, Arsenal improved a lot in the market, Tottenham is a fantastic team and they are five points behind us.
“So we are doing quite well, with some negative moments, Wednesday was one. It is very important to do better than last season and try to win something, and, if not, do better.”
United look set to be without midfielder Marouane Fellaini for several weeks due to a knee injury, but Mourinho had more positive news on Eric Bailly and Zlatan Ibrahimovic who he hopes can both return before the end of the month.
Pakistan Navy is one of the powerful and experienced navies indigenous to the Indian Ocean.
It has played its full part in ensuring peace and co-operation in the Indian Ocean Region, and continues to strive to do so.
Though on an individual basis, it is the main guarantor of stability in the northern reaches of the Arabian Sea that carry the energy and maritime trade links to and from the Gulf; the most high profile examples of the Pakistan Navy efforts to ensure regional peace and stability have come during instances of co-operation with other navies.
Indeed today its contribution to the Combined Maritime Forces (CMF) security endeavour through missions CTF-150 (established to counterterrorism and illegal use of the sea), and CTF-151 (an Anti-piracy Task Force), are probably its most high profile.
CMF is quite unique in being comprised of 30 nations all making entirely voluntary contributions.
Pakistan's contributions to CTF-150 and CTF-151 (both of which are regularly commanded by Pakistan Navy) have been maintained despite a shortfall in the number of warships, an indication of just how importantly Pakistan Navy considers its contribution to regional peace and stability.
A testament to Pakistan Navy's individual contribution and the effectiveness of the overall co-operative effort is reflected in the fact that though the region continues to experience instability, the situation at sea is calm, with the free movement of shipping.
It is therefore valid to highlight Pakistan Navy contributions in this overall effort considering its longstanding commitment.
In September 2001 Pakistan found itself drawn into the maelstrom of the war on terror as a frontline state, and there was an obvious maritime dimension.
The intervention in Afghanistan saw a vast array of naval power arrayed in the Arabian Sea to support the operation, but there was also a need to stop any terrorists fleeing Afghanistan and gaining access to the sea from where they could escape to the Gulf and beyond.
The attack on the French registered oil supertanker Limburg in October 2002 as she tried to enter the Yemeni port of Aden brutally reinforced the vulnerability of regional shipping, and also the cost this could have to the global economy (as indeed was the aim of the attack).
If maritime chokepoints and ports could not be secured, if the safety of ships at sea could not be guaranteed, the global economy would suffer greatly.
The Arabian Sea and surrounding waters were deemed particularly at risk due to the energy bearing maritime trade routes emanating from the Gulf.
The entire region had to be secured, but this was by no means an easy task as it was far too large to be protected and patrolled by any single navy.
CTF-150 actually started life as a US Navy Task Force, but was transformed in 2002 into a multinational force mainly comprising US and some European NATO allies plus Japan.
Pakistan Navy joined the CTF-150 in 2004 and has since been a key member, first taking Command of the CTF-150 in 2006, and subsequently commanding the force nine times till to date.
CTF-150 is responsible for an area that includes some of the world's busiest shipping lanes (transporting a third of the world's oil) that covers over two million square miles, and encompasses the Gulf of Oman, Gulf of Aden, the Red Sea, and the North Arabian Sea.
Familiarity with the region made Pakistan Navy an essential participant in CTF-150.
Indeed, during Pakistan Naval Chief Admiral Muhammad Zakaullah's recent visit to Bahrain this was stated by the Commander US Naval Forces Central Command (NAVCENT), Vice Admiral Kevin M Donegan.
NAVCENT is itself part of US Central Command (CENTCOM) under which CMF was established.
During discussion with Admiral Zakaullah on matters of mutual interest including bilateral naval collaboration and security environment in Indian Ocean Region, Admiral Donegan appreciated the professionalism of Pakistan Navy personnel and the role played by Pakistan Navy in ensuring regional security and stability.
He also attributed much of the success in this regard to the almost constant presence of Pakistan Navy in the region that has established and maintained conditions to allow the continued freedom of navigation for regional shipping.
This increased level of security has not only stemmed acts of terrorism at sea, but also other forms of illegal activity that may help hide it.
Though CTF-150 has been instrumental in ensuring regional security and stability it had a major shortcoming in relation to a new security threat that emerged in the middle of the 2000s, it lacked a mandate to tackle piracy.
With a literal explosion in attacks by Somali pirates, first off the Horn of Africa, and later increasingly out into the Indian Ocean, there was a demand for action, which resulted in the formation in 2009 of a new dedicated Task Force, CTF-151.
As a result of the sterling work Pakistan Navy did in contributing to CTF-150, and in further recognition of Pakistan as a state crucial to regional security/stability efforts, it joined CTF-151 at the first instance and was the first regional state to command the force, also doing so on a number of occasions subsequently.
It should be remembered that at the time Pakistan's economy was hardly in the best of health, something exacerbated by the global economic downturn and rising energy prices.
Ever dependent on the sea for its economic survival, Pakistan had little choice but to join CTF-151 as the plague of piracy was also playing havoc with international shipping further endangering its economic health even though relatively few Pakistani flagged ships were being taken.
With over 12 percent by volume of oil transported by sea passing through piracy infested waters the cost to the global economy was calculated to be up to US$12 billion.
The rising cost of shipping due to increased insurance costs was something that could be ill afforded.
The first to suffer directly however, were Pakistani fishermen, with the first fishing vessel captured at the end of 2009 and used as a ‘mothership' in order to increase the pirates' range to launch attacks further out into the Indian Ocean region.
In 2010, the first Pakistani fatality at the hands of the pirates occurred with the murder of the Pakistani captain of a ship carrying sugar to the Somali port of Bossaso.
There was little Pakistan Navy could do on its own to protect its citizens at sea on numerous merchantmen, but through its participation in CTF151 the tide slowly turned against the pirate gangs as the International Recommended Traffic Corridor that passes from the Bab el Mandeb out into the Gulf of Oman was gradually made safe.
As recognition for Pakistan's efforts in this regard, Pakistan has been regularly participating in UN Contact Group on Piracy that was established in response to UNSC Resolution 1851 to better co-ordinate the response to Somali piracy.
Though Pakistan Navy's frigates assigned to the two CMF missions are regularly in the news, one aspect of Pakistan's contribution to both forces is its deployment of maritime patrol aircraft.
These are the largely unsung assets that can patrol huge areas of sea in a single mission and provide real time response to a crisis.
Aircraft were often the first CMF assets on scene in an emergency to ascertain the facts of the situation, establish contact with any parties in need of assistance, and relay that information back to CMF headquarters in Bahrain.
Pakistan's longest range/endurance assets are its P-3C Orions though it is also in the process of modernizing its latest ATR-72 Maritime Patrol Aircraft.
Given the interoperability with aircraft from other CMF partners that deploy the P-3C or its derivatives; however, the Pakistani Orion fleet is the natural choice for the mission.
Another element of both CTF-150 and CTF-151 is capacity building and training with local navies to enhance partnerships with regional forces.
Pakistan already has considerable experience in this respect due to having trained many of the Gulf navies and also continuing to train a wide range of personnel from regional navies at its own institutions.
There is obviously always more that Pakistan Navy itself can learn through interacting and operating with other navies, but for many of the regional navies the capacity to individually deal with the twin threats of piracy and terrorism simply are not present (and in some cases may never be because of the size and limited capabilities of those forces).
Practicing capabilities such as small boat interdiction drills, search and rescue at sea, helicopter operations and ship manoeuvres, are all vital skills in conducting Maritime Interdiction Operations.
Additionally, increased interaction helps break down barriers and improved co-operation with regional forces, which can only have a positive outcome.
In sum the constant presence of Pakistan Navy throughout the region has made it safe for all.
Though over 90 percent of Pakistan's trade is sea borne, other regional states, especially those of the Gulf who receive probably over 80 percent of their food by the sea, have also benefited.
It is not only in Pakistan's interests to maintain its regional security commitments, but in the interest of all regional states.
Through the efforts of Pakistan Navy it is clear for all that Pakistan is a responsible state and an active partner in international collaborative efforts to ensure maritime security.
The CMFs missions would certainly be a lot harder without Pakistan's across the spectrum contributions.
Pakistan Navy can truly be said therefore to punch above its weight by ensuring peace and co-operation in the Indian Ocean region.
The writer is a freelance contributor.
JAKARTA: The speaker of Indonesia's parliament, who is being investigated for his suspected involvement in a graft scandal, has tendered his resignation, several members of the assembly said on Monday.
A replacement for Setya Novanto as speaker is expected to be decided by his party, Golkar, at an extraordinary meeting on Dec. 19, said Dito Ganinduto, a member of parliament from Golkar.
Novanto had not resigned as chairman of the Golkar Party, Ganinduto said.
(Reporting by Agustinus Beo Da Costa and Bernadette Christina Munthe; Writing by Fergus Jensen)
REUTERS: Sergio Aguero came off the bench to score as Manchester City made light of playing for an hour with 10 men to beat Burnley 2-1 at the Etihad Stadium on Monday.
City, needing a quick response after defeat at title rivals Liverpool on Saturday, suffered a blow when Fernandinho was red-carded just past the half hour mark for a wild-looking tackle on Burnley's Iceland midfielder Johann Berg Gudmundsson.
The hosts dominated after the break, however, and took the lead after 58 minutes when Gael Clichy's low shot crept past Burnley keeper Tom Heaton and into the far corner.
Aguero, introduced as a second-half substitute, doubled City's lead with a fine finish from a tight angle four minutes later but Ben Mee halved the deficit to set up a tense finale.
City moved above Tottenham Hotspur and Arsenal into third spot in the Premier League with 42 points, seven behind leaders Chelsea who play away at Spurs on Wednesday.
(Reporting by Martyn Herman, editing by Ed Osmond)
One in five passengers is "resigned to poor service" on Britain's railways, according to a new study.
Long-term issues have resulted in "high levels of disillusionment", a report by dispute resolution organisation Ombudsman Services found.
Complaints about rail services increased by almost a third (31%) to two million last year, its survey of 2,477 people suggested.
The most common complaints were over punctuality, poor customer service and overcrowding.
Public transport campaigners said it was "simply unacceptable" that some passengers were paying "thousands of pounds for poor service".
The survey reflects r ecent figures published by regulator the Office of Rail and Road (ORR) showing that the rate of passenger complaints per 100,000 journeys between July and September last year was 13% higher than the same period in 2015.
The ORR noted that methodology changes might have affected the data.
Campaign for Better Transport campaigner Lianna Etkind said late or overcrowded trains can "genuinely blight people's lives" and claimed no other service industry would " get away with treating its customers so appallingly".
She went on: " Regulators need to ensure that when people complain about their train service, they aren't just fobbed off with a copy and paste response but that real action is taken."
Rail passengers with a complaint must contact the relevant train operator in the first instance, before going to Transport Focus or London TravelWatch if they are not happy with the response.
In December, Conservative MP Tim Loughton introduced a Bill to Parliament calling for a law change to establish a rail ombudsman, which would oversee a simplified scheme aimed at hitting train operators harder financially to act as an incentive to improve services.
The Department for Transport (DfT) said more than £40 billion was being invested to improve Britain's railways.
A spokesman added: "The Department for Transport monitors the performance of all train companies against a number of areas, including delays, cancellations and short formation of trains.
"There are penalties for those who do not meet the desired standards."
The Rail Delivery Group (RDG), representing train operators and Network Rail, accepted that on some parts of the network passengers are not getting the service they expect.
It noted that punctuality has been hit in London and the South East owing to congestion, industrial disputes and major upgrade work.
An RDG spokesman added: " The long-term trend is one of falling complaints from rail passengers but we know we must do better which is why we're delivering a raft of improvements."
Customers made an estimated 55 million complaints to all businesses last year - up 6% from 2015, the Ombudsman Services study found.
The most commonly complained-about sector was retail at 24%, followed by telecoms (13%), energy (10%) and transport (7%).
Some 17% of people say they have complained about problems before but nothing has changed.
Chief ombudsman Lewis Shand Smith said: "Co nsumers feel that complaining is often a waste of their time, because they see no change in the behaviour of big business."
Vice President Mike Pence spoke with Puerto Ricans in Orlando Thursday ahead of his trip to Puerto Rico and the U.S. Virgin Islands Friday.
The vice president greeted Puerto Ricans who recently arrived at the Orlando International Airport. A woman who just landed urged him to go inland, saying that is where he will find the heart of the devastation.
At a later meeting in Kissimmee with members of central Florida's large Puerto Rican community, Pence promised help.
“And as we speak, our administration's continuing to work tirelessly to clear every road, reach every community, and bring aid to every Puerto Rican in need,” he said.
Pence promised Puerto Rico would come back better and stronger than it was before.
Naysa Modi from Texas spelled the word triturate correctly.
JACK GRUBER/USA TODAY
NATIONAL HARBOR, Md. — Last year at the Scripps National Spelling Bee, Erin Howard misspelled "Klydonograph," a trademarked word meaning "an instrument that makes a photographic record of electric surges in power lines." She started spelling with "c-l-i," and then tied for seventh place.
This year, Howard, 13, can spout off "Klydonograph" in seconds. And she made sure to study more trademarked words as she enters her third year at the national competition.
"If they spring one of those on my again, I'll be better prepared," she said.
The seventh grader from Huntsville, Ala., is one of the 113 spellers here at the National Bee returning for at least a second time — a feat that takes hours of practice and patience as they await to hear if they've qualified for Thursday's final round.
Howard said she spends three to four hours every weeknight and six to eight hours every weekend studying for the Bee. She uses both a laptop and pencil and paper so she can see the spelling on a computer screen and write it down herself.
"I have to say, 'No, sorry, I can't come' to friends a lot and, instead of staying the night for a sleepover party, I have to leave at like nine or something," Howard said. "I do make some sacrifices, but I feel like it's worth it."
asset not included because it is a duplicate of primary asset
More: His dad won the National Spelling Bee in 1985. Now, he's competing for the 2018 title
Since his regional bee earlier this year, Cameron Keith, 12, of Boulder, Colo., has been waking up at 5:30 a.m. to study his 200 word lists until he goes to school. Then in the afternoon, he's back at it, totaling six hours of studying each weekday and nine hours on weekends. He tied for 18th in 2016 after misspelling "noncompos."
For Naysa Modi, 12, of Dallas, studying during the week involves reading, typing and quizzing for hours on end, her dad Nayan said. Modi wanted his daughter to study ahead of her round Wednesday rather than speak with USA TODAY for an interview.
It's that sort of perseverance that has allowed Naysa to make it to the Bee for the fourth time this year. Modi described his daughter's ability to understand all these words as "absolutely inhuman."
"It takes years of intense effort," he said. "People who have been putting in multiple years — seriously, it makes a difference."
More: Why the Scripps National Spelling Bee has its largest pool of spellers ever
For Kieth, that difference means feeling calmer while competing. He said he felt "stunned" his past years, but, "I'm more used to it now, and I can just take it in without as much excitement and stress."
Howard, though, feels pressure to perform as well as she did in past years.
"I'm trying not to make that my standard," Howard said. "I just want to be happy however I place. As always, I do want to win and I feel like I might have a chance, but I don't want to jinx anything."
But for repeat spellers, it's not just about winning. Modi said working with his daughter over the years has strengthened their relationship, and he's proud of her for the hard work she's put into the preparation.
"This is all for the love of words and the love of language. It's not the winning," he said. "Nobody is doing it because their parents want them to do it."
Follow Ryan Miller on Twitter @RyanW_Miller
Faces of the Spelling Bee 2018 Nicholas Lee congratulates Caitlin Higuchi who spelled the word pompier correctly during the 2017 Scripps National Spelling Bee, May 29, 2018. 01 / 12 Nicholas Lee congratulates Caitlin Higuchi who spelled the word pompier correctly during the 2017 Scripps National Spelling Bee, May 29, 2018. 01 / 12
Copyright 2017 USATODAY.com
No, he will listen to his constituents and the 48th District's needs. Rouda will fight for us in Congress. This is especially important regarding the environment — an issue near and dear to my heart. Rouda was recently endorsed by the Sierra Club and has made combating climate change one of his main legislative priorities. He will fight for the protection of our beautiful California coastline by advocating for stricter environmental protection laws.
Gerry Ennis suffers from ALS. He can't live independently because he's lost the use of his arms and can only walk with assistance. As a result, he lives at Wascana Rehab. Two weeks ago, his daughter Nicole Dobson received a shocking letter.
“My rent's going up 130 per cent,” Ennis said. “I was paying $1,089, and the letter I have now I pay 2,600 and 30 some dollars.”
A letter from the Ministry of Health, dated May 31, 2017, said Ennis monthly rent is now $2,689. That is the maximum amount that can be charged following changes to long-term care fees made in the March provincial budget.
Since he moved into Wascana Rehab last September, Ennis' previous rent had been the lowest possible amount.
The letter also indicates Ennis should have also been paying the previous maximum of $2,065.
Dobson acts as her father's power of attorney. She received a call from the ministry two weeks ago asking for Ennis' financial information to confirm what he should be paying for rent.
“I said I've submitted them two or three times, and she said it's not uncommon for that information to be lost when people are getting transferred,” Dobson explained.
Ennis moved to a different ward at Wascana Rehab last October.
Health Minister Jim Reiter was at Wascana Rehab on Thursday to announce members of the board for the Provincial Health Authority. A question about Ennis' situation caught the Retier by surprise.
“There must be some other factors at play, I'd be happy to have our staff look at that to make sure there are no mistakes,” Reiter said.
Reiter did speak with Ennis and Dobson before leaving the rehab.
“Something doesn't seem right, you shouldn't be going from minimum to maximum,” he told Ennis.
A member of Reiter's staff collected contact information from Dobson to set up a meeting with ministry officials in an effort to sort out her dad's situation.
Until then, all Ennis can do is try and wrap his head around the sudden change.
“I just don't get it. It seems like we're money machines, that we're not humans. All we can do is up the price and deal with the same care,” he said.
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
Penn State's Zach Ladonis on the sidelines as PSU plays Temple at Lincoln Financial Field in Philadelphia on Saturday, Sept 5, 2015. Temple won 27-10 over Penn State. Jake Danna Stevens / Staff Photographer
LOS ANGELES — Kyle Vasey is a New Jersey kid who just wanted to stay home.
That's why he told then-Rutgers coach Kyle Flood when he met with him a few years ago that he dreamed of being a Scarlet Knight.
Well, things changed for Vasey since, in more ways than one.
“I decided two hours into my first visit that I wanted to go to Penn State,” he said.
Of course, that was kind of like staying at home, too.
The long snapper for Penn State in today's 103rd Rose Bowl Game against USC is going to be senior Tyler Yazujian, for sure. But for his two top backups, the Nittany Lions' most-anticipated bowl game in recent years represents a career crossroads.
For Vasey, the walk-on who played his senior season at Wallenpaupack after moving to the area from New Jersey, it's the gateway to perhaps a bigger future. For junior Zach Ladonis of Berwick, it's the end of a long, strange journey in football.
With Yazujian graduating and Ladonis deciding he wanted to move on from football after becoming one of the team's more intriguing stories in 2013, Vasey knows he has a solid chance next season to emerge as the starting long snapper on Penn State's much-improved kicking units.
“Next year, obviously, the goal is to compete for the job,” Vasey said. “It's a battle. These are the best athletes in the nation in my opinion.
“It has been a climb.”
It typically is for walk-on players looking for a sliver of an opportunity, for the door to open a crack and allow themselves to show what they can do.
It was that way for Ladonis, a former tight end and linebacker at Berwick who started long-snapping seriously only after his high school career ended, thinking it might be the best way to get him to college football at the highest level.
“It was one of my starting positions (at Berwick) as a junior,” he chuckled. “I snapped one, had it go over the head, and that was it.”
He made the Nittany Lions roster, in fact, through the tryout process after snapping almost an hour a day on his own, snapping with friends or trainers or whoever he could find, just to work on the skill.
Going through workouts with other hopefuls in September of his freshman year, he found himself on the active roster and starting just a few weeks later in Indiana.
“It has been incredible, a pretty sweet ride,” Ladonis said. “Walking on to the team, it was like, ‘I don't know what I'm doing. I don't know where I'm at.' But after a while, I kind of learned the tricks of the trade and got used to it.
“Now we're Big Ten champs and in the Rose Bowl. I mean, the Pinstripe Bowl was great ... then.”
He said the position is in good hands with Vasey, who began to improve rapidly after the coaching staff and teammates helped him make some adjustments with his hand placement as a freshman.
Vasey started long-snapping for the same reason most long-snappers do: He was young. He was hungry to play. And there was an opening at Delaware Valley High School in New Jersey. Once he got to Wallenpaupack after his family moved for business reasons, he said his first order of business was to tell coach Mark Watson that he had the skill down, and because he did, he became the first player in Buckhorns history to commit to play for a program in the Football Bowl Subdivision.
Now, he's at the Rose Bowl, not necessarily thinking he'll play, but thinking that soon enough, he'll get to live his dream of playing big-time college football on Saturday afternoons.
“It has been a once-in-a-lifetime experience,” Vasey said.
Contact the writer:
dcollins@timesshamrock.com
@psubst on Twitter
Jailed rapper Meek Mill will be freed later on Tuesday, Page Six has learned.
A Philadelphia court finally ruled that Meek could go free after it was revealed the officer who arrested him back in 2007 was on a secret DA's list of allegedly corrupt cops.
The dramatic move comes after an outcry from friends and stars, including Jay-Z and Kevin Hart, after Meek was harshly sentenced to two to four years in jail for a minor probation violation.
In a statement to Page Six from the rapper's lawyer Joe Tacopina, Meek said:
“I'd like to thank God, my family, my friends, my attorneys, my team at Roc Nation including Jay-Z, Desiree Perez, my good friend Michael Rubin, my fans, The Pennsylvania Supreme Court and all my public advocates for their love, support and encouragement during this difficult time. While the past five months have been a nightmare, the prayers, visits, calls, letters and rallies have helped me stay positive. To the Philadelphia District Attorney's office, I'm grateful for your commitment to justice – not only for my case, but for others that have been wrongfully jailed due to police misconduct. Although I'm blessed to have the resources to fight this unjust situation, I understand that many people of color across the country don't have that luxury and I plan to use my platform to shine a light on those issues. In the meantime, I plan to work closely with my legal team to overturn this unwarranted conviction and look forward to reuniting with my family and resuming my music career.”
The Pennsylvania Supreme Court freed Meek even though the judge in his case, Genece Brinkley, had refused to grant him bail. The Supreme Court overruled Brinkley to grant Meek immediate bail.
The Superior Court said in its ruling Tuesday, “The Commonwealth has recently stated, on the record in open court, that there are credibility issues with a police officer who was a ‘critical witness' at Petitioner's trial. As such, the Commonwealth agreed that Petitioner is entitled to PCRA relief. Moreover, as reflected in filings in this Court, the Commonwealth has stated it is not opposed to Petitioner being granted immediate bail.”
The rapper is expected to walk free from the State Correctional Institution in Chester, where he has been incarcerated for five months for his probation violation, in the next few hours.
Billionaire Michael Rubin, an owner of the Philadelphia 76ers and longtime friend of Meek who has campaigned for the rapper's release, told Page Six, “I am elated the Supreme Court stepped in and did the right thing. They ruled he should immediately be released on bail immediately, and his case will be thrown out by the District Attorney.”
Meek had called Page Six from jail just over a week ago, saying he felt he was a “political prisoner,” a victim of a flawed criminal justice system that keeps black men in jail for crimes they didn't commit.
Related Video 1:18 Meek Mill speaks to Page Six from prison ahead of news he'll be released
PUTRAJAYA: In just 24 hours after it was launched by the government, Malaysia's Hope Fund, or Tabung Harapan Malaysia, has collected more than RM7 million (US$1.76 million) as of 3pm on Thursday (May 31).
The fund was set up for members of the public to contribute towards repaying the country's debt.
Advertisement
"This is truly a remarkable feat," said Finance Minister Lim Guan Eng in a media release announcing the tally of donations so far.
"Truly, Malaysians have taken their patriotism to a greater height, willing to part with their allowances and spare cash to help rebuild this nation we all love."
As of 3pm on May 31, Tabung Harapan Malaysia has collected more than RM7mil from members of the public wanting to help the country settle its debt. This within less than 24 hours since the fund was launched by the government. pic.twitter.com/bq8ypAyf0B — Sumisha Naidu (@SumishaCNA) May 31, 2018
Mr Lim said the finance ministry is “humbled by the magnanimity of Malaysians", highlighting the efforts of young activist and law graduate Shazarina Bakti, who started a similar crowdfunding initiative online.
Advertisement
Advertisement
That provided the inspiration for the government to set up its Hope Fund a week later.
"It is precisely this spirit of hope and unity which would also fuel the Pakatan Harapan government, in moving forward to fulfill all of its manifesto pledges for the people," said Mr Lim.
He reaffirmed the government's commitment to “being transparent with every sen received”, adding that the amount collected will be updated daily on the finance ministry's website and on its social media platforms.
North Korea is preparing to test a long-range missile which it believes can reach the west coast of the United States, RIA news agency cited a Russian lawmaker as saying on Friday.
MOSCOW: North Korea is preparing to test a long-range missile which it believes can reach the west coast of the United States, a Russian lawmaker just returned from a visit to Pyongyang was quoted as saying on Friday.
Anton Morozov, a member of the Russian lower house of parliament's international affairs committee, and two other Russian lawmakers visited Pyongyang on Oct. 2-6, Russia's RIA news agency reported.
"They are preparing for new tests of a long-range missile. They even gave us mathematical calculations that they believe prove that their missile can hit the west coast of the United States," RIA quoted Morozov as saying.
"As far as we understand, they intend to launch one more long-range missile in the near future. And in general, their mood is rather belligerent."
Morozov's comments drove up the price of U.S. Treasury bonds, as investors worried about the prospect of new North Korean missile tests moved into assets the market views as a safe haven in times of uncertainty.
Reuters was not able to independently verify Morozov's account, and he did not specify which North Korean officials had given him the information about the planned test.
Advertisement
Advertisement
His delegation had "high-level" meetings in Pyongyang, RIA news agency said, citing the Russian embassy in the North Korean capital.
Tensions over North Korea's nuclear programme have been running high in the past several weeks since Pyongyang staged a series of missile tests, and conducted a text explosion on Sept. 3 of what it said was a hydrogen bomb.
There has also been an exchange of tough rhetoric between Pyongyang and Washington.
U.S. President Donald Trump threatened to "totally destroy" North Korea if it threatens the United States. North Korean leader Kim Jong-un responded by calling Trump deranged and saying he would pay dearly for his threat.
"BELLICOSE RHETORIC"
Morozov is a member of the LDPR, a right-wing populist party. It casts itself as an opposition party, but hews close to the Kremlin line on matters of international affairs.
Describing meetings with North Korean officials, Morozov said they "displayed serious determination and bellicose rhetoric," RIA reported.
"The situation, of course, demands the swiftest intervention of all interested states, particularly those represented in the region, in order to prevent wide-scale military action," the agency quoted him as saying.
Russia has closer relations with Pyongyang than many other world powers, linked in part to Kim Il Sung, the founder of North Korea and the current leader's grand-father, having lived for a time in the Soviet Union.
Russian President Vladimir Putin has joined other world powers in condemning North Korea's weapons programme, but has taken a softer line than Western governments.
Putin has said that Pyongyang will not be cowed into giving up its weapons programme. He has accused Washington of trying to effect regime change in North Korea, and predicted that would unleash chaos.
U.S. Treasury prices surged on the report of a possible new missile test, pulling yields lower, as investors cut risk out of their portfolios and sought the safety of Treasuries. Treasury prices move inversely to their yields.
Benchmark 10 year U.S. Treasury yields fell from the session high 2.40 percent mark to 2.35 percent around midday (1600 GMT) in New York.
"It has just been risk-off buying into the long (Columbus Day) weekend ... You look at the charts, it has really been a one-way trade of lower yields," said Justin Lederer, Treasury analyst at Cantor Fitzgerald in New York.
(Reporting by Jack Stubbs; Additional reporting by Daniel Bases in New York; Writing by Christian Lowe; Editing by Catherine Evans and Toby Chopra)
The Nova Scotia Court of Appeal has granted a Halifax man, convicted of second-degree murder, a new trial.
After deliberating for more than 20 hours, Paul Trevor Calnen was found guilty in November 2015 of killing his girlfriend, Reita Jordan.
Jordan went missing in March of 2013.
WATCH: ‘Reita is much more than just this.' Jordan family speaks as murder trial nears end
Two months after Jordan's disappearance, police charged Calnen with her murder.
He was also charged with committing an indignity to a human body. In this case, by burning Jordan's remains.
On the first day of his trial, Calnen pleaded not guilty to murder – but guilty to the indignity charge.
READ: Paul Calnen pleads guilty to committing an indignity to human remains as murder trial opens
In a videotaped statement with police, Calnen told investigators that he and Jordan got into a fight on March 18, 2013.
During the argument, Jordan threw things at him and kicked his belongings. Calnen told police Jordan had her back to the stairs and swung at him. He ducked and she went down the stairs, when Calnen checked on her, she was dead.
WATCH: Paul Calnen reenacts events of Reita Jordan's death
From there, the court heard Calnen tell police he put Jordan's body in his truck and drove to Ingramport, where he dumped her in the woods and burned her belongings.
Some time later, Calnen returned to the scene and moved Jordan's body from the woods to Musquodobit. Once there, he started a fire and burned her.
WATCH:Paul Calnen interview – revealing location of Reita Jordan's ashes
In 2014, the case against Calnen was originally thrown out by a provincial court judge during the preliminary hearing stage but the charges were later reinstated by the Crown.
The court of appeal ruling tosses out the murder conviction saying there was insufficient evidence to support the charge and inadequate instructions to the jury by the trial judge.
Calnen's lawyer, Peter Planetta, told Global News the next step is for both the Crown and the defence to come together and set new dates for a trial – if the Crown wants to proceed.
Planetta said at this time, Calnen is serving a five year sentence on the indignity charge.
SINGAPORE: Various illicit drugs worth about S$109,000 were seized in an operation on Friday (Oct 6), said the Central Narcotics Bureau (CNB). Three suspected drug offenders were also arrested.
Officers were deployed to the vicinity of Jelita Shopping Centre at Holland Road on Friday morning to observe two suspected drug traffickers, CNB said. The two men - a 41-year-old Singaporean and 26-year-old Malaysian - were seen meeting at the mall car park.
The Singaporean left in his vehicle and was arrested at Ghim Moh Link. Officers later recovered 435g of heroin and 213g of Ice on a pavement near Dover MRT station, where he had discarded them while trying to flee.
The Malaysian was arrested inside the shopping centre in possession of 128g of Ice and S$10,000 in cash.
CNB said another group of officers also raided the Singaporean's "hideout" at Race Course Road, where they found 265g of Ice, 12g of heroin, 50 Ecstasy tablets and 40 Erimin-5 tablets. His girlfriend, 33, had earlier been arrested in the area.
Investigations were ongoing, said CNB.
Advertisement
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A death row inmate who murdered his two little girls opened his eyes and uttered chilling final words as he was executed in front of the youngsters' mum.
John Battaglia, 62, shot dead Faith, nine, and six-year-old Liberty in May 2001, as their mother, Mary Jean Pearle, listened helplessly on the phone.
Last night, the ex-accountant was put to death for the killings, after last-ditch appeals to spare his life were rejected by the US Supreme Court.
His former wife, Ms Pearle, watched from the death chamber's viewing area.
In a final statement, Battaglia smiled at the mum and said: "No, well, hi Mary Jean, I'll see y'all later," according to local media and prison officials.
(Image: Dallas County court files)
He then said "go ahead" and closed his eyes. But moments later, he opened them and asked: "Am I still alive?", Dallas News reports.
He then sighed and said: "I feel it."
Battaglia, a former Marine, was pronounced dead at Huntsville Unit Prison in Texas, US, after about 22 minutes. He is the third man to have been executed in the country so far this year, according to WFAA.
His lawyers had argued he suffered from severe mental illness and was incompetent to be executed. However, lawyers for Texas contended Battaglia understood what he had done and was competent.
(Image: Dallas County Sheriff)
The Supreme Court denied the last-minute appeals without providing a reason.
Battaglia sprayed his daughters with bullets from his .45 caliber pistol in his home's loft in the Texas town of Livingston on May 2, 2001.
On the day of the murder, he had learned there was a warrant out for his arrest for violating his probation, which he was serving after being convicted of assaulting his estranged wife.
That evening, Battaglia picked up the girls for a regular custody visit and sent Ms Pearle a message saying one of the youngsters had called for her.
(Image: YouTube/The Dallas Morning News)
Ms Pearle then returned the call and Battaglia put her on speakerphone, before telling Faith to ask her: “Mommy, why do you want Daddy to have to go to jail?”.
Moments later, the little girl cried out: "No, Daddy, please don't do it.”
Ms Pearle screamed down the phone for her daughters to run, before hearing gunshots ring out and her estranged husband shout: "Merry f*****g Christmas."
When more gunshots followed, she hung up and immediately called 911.
After the murders, Battaglia went to a nearby tattoo parlour and had two roses inked on his arm. It was there that he was arrested by police.
(Image: YouTube/The Dallas Morning News)
In a previous death row interview with the Dallas Morning News, the dad spoke fondly of his daughters and said he "didn't feel" like he had killed them.
He referred to the youngsters as "your best little friends, nicest little kids".
Disturbingly, when asked what he felt about their deaths, he said: "Why would I worry about where they are now?
"We're all here; we're all gone at the same time. I'm not worried about it."
It took a jury approximately 20 minutes to convict Battaglia - around the same time it took for him to die.
PARIS: Heavyweights Spain qualified for the 2018 World Cup with a routine 3-0 home win over Albania, but Serbia must wait to seal to their place following a 3-2 loss in Austria.
Rodrigo, Isco and Thiago Alcantara all scored inside the first 30 minutes in Alicante as the 2010 world champions locked up top spot in Group G as Italy were surprisingly held to a 1-1 draw by Macedonia in Turin.
Barcelona defender Gerard Pique was greeted with a mixture of jeers and applause on his 92nd international appearance just days after voting in a referendum on Catalan independence deemed illegal by the Spanish government and blighted by police violence.
Four-time World Cup winners Italy are destined for the November play-offs after Macedonian substitute Aleksandar Trajkovski's 77th-minute equaliser cancelled out a first-half goal by veteran defender Giorgio Chiellini.
Serbia missed out on a chance to wrap up qualification from Group D with a match to spare as Louis Schaub struck a minute from time to give Austria victory in Vienna.
Serbia, who could have sealed a spot in Russia with victory, led through an early Luka Milivojevic goal but fell behind as Austria replied through efforts from Guido Burgstaller and Marko Arnautovic.
Advertisement
Advertisement
Manchester United midfielder Nemanja Matic had levelled on 83 minutes before Schaub's winner, but Serbia can still advance by defeating Georgia in their final qualifier in Belgrade on Monday.
Tom Lawrence scored his first international goal to earn Wales a vital 1-0 victory in Georgia and keep them firmly in the hunt for a finals berth.
The Derby County forward rifled in the winner four minutes after half-time in Tbilisi as Chris Coleman's team stayed a point clear of third-placed Republic of Ireland.
The Irish brushed Moldova aside 2-0 in Dublin through a first-half brace from Daryl Murphy and now face Wales at home in a final-round showdown with first place in the group still in play.
"All we can do is work hard and take care of our business. We have a huge test on Monday night against the Republic of Ireland. We have a game plan and we will see where it takes us," Coleman told Sky Sports.
Serbia head the section on 18 points with Wales, aiming to reach the World Cup for the first time since 1958, second on 17 and Ireland another point further back.
Iceland took a huge step towards a maiden World Cup appearance with an impressive 3-0 win over Turkey in Eskisehir that leaves the hosts all but out of the running.
Johann Gudmundsson, Birkir Bjarnason and Kari Arnason scored as Iceland pulled two points clear of Croatia at the top of Group I after the latter were held to a disappointing 1-1 draw at home to eliminated Finland.
Ukraine are level on 17 points with Croatia following a 2-0 win away to Kosovo and host the Croats in Kiev on Monday.
Fenerbahçe, one of Turkish football's "Big Three," is torn between status quo and a new president as it heads to the polls on June 3. Aziz Yıldırım, Fenerbahçe president since February 1998, will face off against his main opponent businessman Ali Koç in the election.
In a Monday interview with Sabah, Turkey's most-circulated newspaper, Yıldırım responded harshly to the rumors that Fenerbahçe was in a financial crisis.
"Fenerbahçe is the most advantaged club among its rivals. If Turkey goes bankrupt, then Fenerbahçe does too. When I became president in the late '90s, there were financial problems, there are problems today and naturally, there will be in the future. But the opposition [Ali Koç] promises nothing on this issue. We will spend all our resources for the club's football branch," the reigning club president said.
"Fenerbahçe got through a very tough period after [Gülenist Terror Group] FETÖ's match-fixing plot on July 3, 2011. Later they tried to overthrow the elected government and capture the whole state. They also tried to capture TL 6-7 billion [$1.34-$1.57 billion] worth of the sports market in Turkey," he added.
The failed July 15, 2016 coup attempt in Turkey, perpetrated by FETÖ, had serious effects on Turkish football. The match-fixing case implicating Yıldırım and Fenerbahçe in 2011 was a Gülenist plot and cost the club nearly $500 million in share prices, Fenerbahçe president said in an interview with NTV, last year.
Yıldırım and six others were acquitted on charges of match-fixing, two years after their release from prison, following a year of detention and awaiting trial.
"When the operation on FETÖ ends, the situation in stadiums will automatically improve. There are some who regularly provokes the fans. Our coach Aykut Kocaman is successful and we must give him more time," he added.
Meanwhile, former Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger was tipped as being a candidate for the next Fenerbahçe managerial role by the Turkish press. The French manager was reported to be preparing for talks with Fenerbahçe should Ali Koç win the presidential election, according to turkish-football.com. Koç confirmed holding talks with David Dein and Wenger but denied that he will be taking charge if he wins the election.
President Vladimir Putin on Monday ordered Russian forces in Syria to start withdrawing, saying that after a two year military campaign, Moscow and Damascus had achieved their mission of destroying Islamic State.
MOSCOW: President Vladimir Putin on Monday ordered Russian forces in Syria to start withdrawing, saying that after a two year military campaign, Moscow and Damascus had achieved their mission of destroying Islamic State.
Putin made the announcement during a surprise visit to Russia's Hmeymim air base in Syria's Latakia Province where he held talks with Syrian President Bashar al-Assad and addressed Russian military servicemen.
Russia first launched air strikes in Syria in September 2015 in its biggest Middle East intervention in decades, turning the tide of the conflict in Assad's favour while dramatically increasing Moscow's own influence in the Middle East.
Putin on Monday gave the order for Russian forces to start withdrawing to their permanent bases in Russia, the Kremlin said on its website.
"The task of fighting armed bandits here in Syria, a task that it was essential to solve with the help of extensive use of armed force, has for the most part, been solved and solved spectacularly," Putin said, in remarks broadcast on Russian television.
"I congratulate you!," Putin told Russian servicemen gathered at the base.
Advertisement
Advertisement
He was also quoted as saying that Russia would keep the Hmeymim air base as well as a naval facility at the Syrian port of Tartous.
(Reporting by Andrew Osborn, Andrey Ostroukh, Polina Nikolskaya; Writing by Andrew Osborn; Editing by Christian Lowe; Editing by Christian Lowe)
- Advertisement -
The United Nations appealed on Monday to countries worldwide to take in 1,300 mainly African refugees stranded in Libya, many of them mistreated while kept in appalling conditions in detention.
Niger has agreed to temporarily host the most vulnerable being evacuated, including unaccompanied children and single mothers, pending their processing and departure for resettlement, the U.N. High Commissioner for Refugees (UNHCR) said in a statement.
“In order to address the immediate protection needs and extreme vulnerabilities of the persons of concern who will be evacuated to Niger, UNHCR urgently requests 1,300 places for resettlement for this situation,” the agency said.
The UNHCR intends to evacuate between 700 and 1,300 people from Libya to Niger by the end of January 2018, it said, calling for the resettlement places to be made available by the end of March.
- Advertisement -
A first group of 25 refugees from Eritrea, Ethiopia and Sudan were evacuated from Libya to Niger last month, it added.
”This is a desperate call for solidarity and humanity. We need to get extremely vulnerable refugees out of Libya as soon as possible,” said Volker Turk, UNHCR Assistant High Commissioner for Protection.
Images broadcast by CNN earlier this month appeared to show migrants being auctioned off as slaves by Libyan traffickers, sparking outrage in Europe and anger in Africa.
Numbers of detainees swelled after boat departures for Italy from the smuggling hub of Sabratha were largely blocked this year.
On Friday, the International Organization for Migration (IOM), called on social media giants to make it harder for people smugglers to use their platforms to lure West African migrants to Libya where they can face detention, torture, slavery or death. Facebook and WhatsApp did not reply to requests by Reuters for comment.
The Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) on Wednesday directed Mobile Money Operators (MMOs) and other electronic payment service providers to comply with the collection and remittance of levy for the national Cybersecurity Fund.
Mr Dipo Fatokun, Director, Banking and Payments System Department, CBN, issued the directive via a circular titled, “Compliance with the Cybercrime (Prohibition, Prevention, etc) Act 2015: Collection and Remittance of Levy for the National Cybersecurity Fund.”
He specifically said they should comply with the statutory provision for collection and remittance of the 0.005 levy on all transactions by businesses specified in the second schedule of the Act.
Fatokun said the directive applied to all electronic transactions, including financial transactions occurring in a bank or on mobile money schemes and other payment platforms that had accompanying service charge.
Fatokun said the 0.005 levy was service charge exclusive of other taxes from all electronic financial transactions occurring in a bank, a mobile money scheme or other payment platforms.
He said the levy also applied to electronic transactions either within or between operators that had an accompanying service charge, and that the effective date for collection was July 1.
“Operators shall remit the levy on a monthly basis using the effective date of commencement of business as the base month.
“For this purpose, fifth business day of every subsequent month shall be the latest date for remittance,” Fatokun said.
Recall that that in November 2018, the Nigerian Communications Commission signed a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) with the CBN to enable digital mobile operators incorporate Special Purpose Vehicles to offer mobile money services.
After breaking his left hand, Josh McCown gets emotional when talking about his teammates and being grateful for the opportunity to play for the Jets. (0:42)
The best season in Josh McCown's long, circuitous career came to a premature end Monday when the New York Jets announced their quarterback will miss the final three games with a fractured left hand.
Editor's Picks Josh McCown's injury could open two quarterback doors With Josh McCown's hand and the Jets' season both seemingly broken, it's time to see what Bryce Petty and Christian Hackenberg can do.
McCown, 38, received a second opinion Monday, with additional tests confirming that he will need surgery -- what the Jets had feared on Sunday night in Denver.
"It's big for him and it's big for us because he's been leading us all year, offensively," said Jets coach Todd Bowles, explaining the impact of the injury. "For him to go down this late in the season ... it's the next-man-up mentality. The next guy has to step up."
The reeling Jets (5-8), who have lost six of their past eight games, will turn to Bryce Petty on Sunday against the New Orleans Saints.
Christian Hackenberg, the former second-round pick who has yet to play in nearly two seasons, will be the No. 2 quarterback.
McCown was injured late in the third quarter of the Jets' 23-0 loss to the Broncos. He was tackled by Shane Ray as he released a pass, later saying the Denver pass-rusher "bent it funny" -- meaning his hand -- as they fell to the turf.
"I knew when it happened something wasn't right," McCown said in an emotional news conference after the game.
Beset by injuries in recent years, the well-traveled McCown surprised many by playing every offensive snap in the first 12 games, establishing himself as the leader of the team.
McCown, playing for his eighth team in 15 years, finished with 267 completions, 2,926 passing yards and 18 touchdown passes -- all career highs. He tied a career high with 13 starts, something he hadn't done since 2004.
Bowles said he's had two post-injury conversations with McCown, but they didn't discuss his future with the team. McCown will be a free agent after the season and he hasn't said whether he will try to play next season. The Jets have major decisions to make at the quarterback position, and that could include drafting one in the first round.
Petty, a fourth-round pick in 2015, will make his fifth career start Sunday. He started four games last season but wasn't able to finish the last two because of injuries. In a Christmas Eve loss to the New England Patriots, he suffered a season-ending injury to his left (non-throwing) shoulder on a fluke play in which he tried to tackle a defender on a fumble return.
"He's been taking notes on the sideline," Bowles said of Petty. "He understands what's going to come, but it's an opportunity for him. He'll get the majority of the reps this week and he'll be well-prepared to play in a game on Sunday."
The Philippine National Police will implement a major revamp in the city and province police offices.
Supt. Reyman Tolentin, PRO-7 spokesperson, said, however, have yet to receive the specifics about it from Camp Crame.
An oversight committee, he said, will determine the key positions.
The revamp will include those who are overstaying and officials who are about to retire./ Laksmi Cañedo, CNU-Intern
Reports coming out of St. Lucia indicate that the Dominican netball team was robbed shortly after arriving in that country on Friday afternoon to participate in a friendly netball competition.
St. Lucia News Online is reporting that the incident occurred just after the team had eaten at KFC in Castries and were returning to a guest house.
Read full story
In order to use Medscape, your browser must be set to accept cookies delivered by the Medscape site.
Medscape uses cookies to customize the site based on the information we collect at registration. The cookies contain no personally identifiable information and have no effect once you leave the Medscape site.
World Cup hosts Russia continued their miserable run when they slipped to a 1-0 defeat in Austria on Wednesday and Japan suffered a blow when they lost 2-0 at home Ghana in coach Akira Nishino's first game in charge.
Defeat for the Russians came after a poor seven-month period in which they failed to win in six consecutive games, conceding 10 goals in their last four matches.
Alessandro Schopf scored the only goal midway through the first half after good work by Marko Arnautovic and Stanislav Cherchesov's Russian team looked short of quality throughout.
Sergei Ignashevich returned to the starting side after a two-year absence but did little to improve their defensive woes.
Ignashevich became the oldest player to appear for Russia at 38 years and 320 days, surpassing ex-Soviet Union keeper Lev Yashin, who played his last international at 37 years and 267 days.
Russia, who failed to get past the World Cup group stage in 1994, 2002 and 201, are in a relatively weak-looking Group A alongside Saudi Arabia, Uruguay and Egypt.
New-look Japan suffered a 2-0 home defeat by Ghana to leave new coach Nishino with tough decisions to make less than three weeks before their first match in Russia.
The Blue Samurai will open their World Cup Group H campaign against Colombia on 19 June. Poland and Senegal are the other teams in their group.
Nishino deployed a new formation with three central defenders, two wing-backs and two inside forwards supporting a lone striker.
However, Ghana captain Thomas Partey scored and debutant Emmanuel Boateng converted a penalty to ensure a miserable night for Japan in front of 64,520 fans at a rain-soaked Nissan Stadium in Yokohama.
“Having not played a game at home in half a year, we absolutely wanted a good game just before the World Cup,” Nishino said.
“We gave it a good try, but the result is disappointing. We had chances but couldn't capitalise.”
Nishino will name his World Cup squad on Thursday before warm-up games against Switzerland on 8 June and Paraguay four days later.
There was good news for Egypt who are hopeful that forward Mohamed Salah will have recovered from his shoulder injury in time to play in their final World Cup group game.
“The (Egyptian) football association confirms once again ... Salah will be in the World Cup, God willing, and won't be absent for more than three weeks,” the Egyptian FA said.
About 1,400 employees at Air Berlin are threatened by dismissal, union documents showed on Friday, with the insolvent carrier's entire ground staff due to get their notices of termination by the end of October.
BERLIN: About 1,400 employees at Air Berlin are threatened by dismissal, union documents showed on Friday, with the insolvent carrier's entire ground staff due to get their notices of termination by the end of October.
Employees needed to maintain flight operations would be given notice by the end of February 2018, according to staff information seen by Reuters.
Other employees will probably be released from their duties, the information showed, without giving specific details. The dismissals also affect administrative staff.
Air Berlin declined to comment.
Earlier on Friday, the airline said it had extended the bid deadline for its maintenance division to allow potential buyers to adapt their offers depending on the outcome of talks for its other assets.
The carrier is in talks with Lufthansa and easyJet on a carve-up of its assets such as aircraft, take-off and landing slots and crew. These talks are due to run until Oct. 12.
Advertisement
Advertisement
Air Berlin, which has around 8,000 employees, filed for insolvency in August after major shareholder Etihad said it would stop providing funding.
(Reporting by Klaus Lauer; Writing by Andreas Cremer; Editing by Andrew Roche)
GENEVA: After a 12-hour ordeal, rescue workers pulled a two-year-old girl unharmed out of a deep crevice she tumbled into during a family hike in the Swiss Alps, police said Friday.
"She emerged basically unscathed, with just a few scratches," Christian Zuber, a spokesman for the regional police in the canton of Valais, told AFP.
The girl and her family, reportedly from the German-speaking part of Switzerland, had been visiting the region near the Aletsch glacier in southern Switzerland when she strayed from a foot path and fell into a narrow fissure in the ground.
The accident occurred around midday Wednesday, Zuber said.
More than 100 rescue workers toiled into the early hours of Thursday to hoist the girl out of six-metre-deep (20-foot) cavity, he said, adding that she was finally pulled up around 2:00 am (0000 GMT).
Matthias Lorenz, who heads the fire brigade in the Aletsch region, told the ATS news agency that the rescue workers had been in a race against the clock as they carefully moved away earth, rocks and boulders, "centimetre by centimetre".
Advertisement
Advertisement
The child had given signs of life throughout the rescue operation, he said.
"I have never before seen such a rescue operation," he added.
The girl was later taken by helicopter to a hospital in Bern, where she spent one night under observation before being released, Zuber said.
Last week, Charli XCX announced that she would release her second mixtape of the year, Pop2, on 12/15, alongside a track called “Out Of My Head.” Today, she's shared another new song from it, “Unlock It,” which features German pop singer Kim Petras and Korean Roc Nation signee Jay Park. The track was produced by PC Music's A.G. Cook and Life Sim. Listen to it below.
Here she is talking about the track:
Pop2 is out 12/15.
Police investigating man in dark blue van approaching teen in north Auckland
GEORGE HEARD/STUFF Police are looking into an incident where a teenager was approached by a man in a van on Wainui Rd, Silverdale. (File photo)
Police are urging the public to report suspicious activity after a teenage jogger was approached by a man in a van in north Auckland on Wednesday.
Senior sergeant Steve Pivac of Waitematā North said the 16-year-old was jogging on Wainui Rd in Silverdale around 4.45pm when she noticed a man following her.
"The man then asked her to get into his vehicle," Pivac said.
"She did the right thing and quickly went into the nearest house. Her mother then contacted police to report this behaviour."
READ MORE:
* Police concerned about spate of 'suspicious approaches' to children in Hastings
* Parents warned after man approaches kids waiting for school bus
* Man approaches child on way back from school in West Auckland﻿
Pivac said police conducted inquiries in the area on Wednesday afternoon but were unable to locate the man.
The teen described the driver as a male between 40 and 50 wearing a dark-coloured beanie.
He was also believed to be driving a dark blue van and have a European accent, Pivac said.
Pivac said police would be carrying out further inquiries on Thursday.
"This victim and her family did the right thing contacting police and we always urge anyone who notices suspicious behaviour to contact police," he said.
Pivac said police were not aware of any similar incidents involving a blue van in the Rodney area.
- Stuff
Reality TV temptress Kim Kardashian is taking her assets and checking in on U.S. President Donald Trump.
The ubiquitous pitchwoman is making a case for prison reform and to advocate for a great-grandmother serving a life sentence.
Alice Marie Johnson, 63, is doing life without parole for a nonviolent drug offence.
Kardashian now wants Trump to pardon Johnson.
“I think that she really deserves a second chance at life,” Kardashian told Mic. “I'll do whatever it takes to get her out.”
The Hollywood heiress became intrigued by Johnson's dilemma after seeing a video of her on Mic.'
Kardashian revealed she got in touch with Trump's son-in-law, Jared Kushner, to make her case for Johnson.
“I've been in communication with the White House and trying to bring her case to the president's desk and figure out how we can get her out,” she said of Johnson, who has spent more than two decades behind bars.
She hopes to meet the president during her visit. Kardashian added she believes Johnson will become a productive member of society.
“I really do believe that she's going to really thrive outside of prison, and I would just urge him to please pardon her,” the reality star added.
Trump last week granted a rare posthumous pardon to boxing's first black heavyweight champion, clearing Jack Johnson's name more than 100 years after what many saw as his racially-charged conviction.
The boxer's pardon had been championed by actor Sylvester Stallone, who brought the story to Trump's attention in a spring phone call.
During the bitter 2016 election, Kardashian backed Trump's arch-rival Hillary Clinton. Her hubby, rapper Kanye West, recently admitted he's a Trump backer.
But Kardashian may find posting Instagram snaps of her famous rear a tad easier than changing Trump's mind on drugs.
The president recently mused that some drug dealers could be prime candidates for the death penalty.
Johnson was convicted in 1996 on eight criminal counts related to a Memphis-based cocaine trafficking operation involving more than a dozen people. The 1994 indictment describes dozens of deliveries and drug transactions, many involving Johnson.
She was sentenced to life in prison in 1997.
Former U.S. President Barack Obama torpedoed an earlier bid for parole.
— with files from The Associated Press
Visceral Fat is the body fat stored around organs in our abdominal cavity, like liver, pancreas, intestines, colon, etc. To put in simple language, if your body is otherwise lean but your belly still sticks out, then it's Visceral fat that is to be blamed. The harsh reality is that this is the case for most of us. While our limbs tend to be in fine shape (if not perfect), it's our belly fat that's hard to tame. And at times, even after doing rigorous target exercises at the gym, our belly fat ceases to reduce.Is Visceral Fat dangerous?Belly fat or excess visceral fat is dangerous to your overall health. Excess Belly fat is a sign of visceral fat which makes you vulnerable to diseases like Type 2 diabetes, heart disease, insulin resistance, dyslipidemia, etc. The fat stored around your internal organs releases pro-inflammatory chemicals that are closer to the portal vein and get easily into your liver and then to the bloodstream. You must aim at getting a flat belly because it's not just about looking good, but about avoiding the risk to your health as you age.How is Visceral Fat different than Normal Fat?Normal fat is called subcutaneous fat i.e. fat that is stored beneath our skin. However, visceral fat is stored around organs. While you can pinch normal fat, you cannot feel visceral fat. The subcutaneous fat is extended throughout your body, but visceral fat has specific locations especially in the abdominal cavity. Lastly, those love handles and fat that wiggles and jiggles around your arms, legs, butts, chin, and elsewhere is normal or subcutaneous fat.How to determine if you have Excess Visceral Fat?As per experts, if your body is otherwise in normal shape but your waistline is above 35 inches (40 inches for men), then it could be due to excess visceral fat.How to reduce Visceral Fat for a Flat Belly?So, now as you understand what visceral fat is and why it's important to control, here are some ways you can reduce visceral fat and achieve a flat belly:1. Completely cut down your trans-fat intake as this is the primary source of visceral fat.2. Cut down on alcohol. It's not how often you drink, it's how much you drink that makes the matter worst. ‘Fatty liver' is a term familiar to boozers.3. Improve your hormone profile, especially if you are close to menopause or have low estrogen levels, you need to win over hormone imbalance to lose visceral fat.4. Stress less than when you stress your body releases cortisol that directs fat towards the abdominal region.5. Sleep optimally, neither too less nor too much. Try to maintain a sleep hygiene between 6 to 8 hours each night to control visceral fat.6. A well-balanced diet is important to reduce overall fat from your body and inside the abdominal cavity. Eat high-fiber and close to nature foods that churn fat out of your system.7. Lastly, High-Intensity Interval Training (HIIT) is specifically impactful on subcutaneous as well visceral fat. Resistance Training (weightlifting) too positively impacts not just your abs from outside by targeting subcutaneous fat but also reduces visceral fat.
BUFFALO, N.Y. (WIVB) – A search warrant execution at a residence in the 300 block of Carlton Place early Friday morning led to two arrests.
The search warrant execution was conducted by the Buffalo SWAT team and Buffalo narcotics detectives.
The warrant execution was part of an ongoing investigation into narcotics activity.
Police recovered two rifles, two stun guns, marijuana, and cocaine residue.
Six pitbulls were also seized and taken to Buffalo Animal Shelter. There is no word on the condition of the dogs.
The names and charges of those arrested will be released later.
Output by Chinese factories and workshops slowed sharply in July, growing by a lower-than-expected 6.4 percent compared to the same month last year, official figures showed on Monday.Economists surveyed by Bloomberg News had expected growth of 7.1 percent for July after industrial production, a key engine of growth, expanded by 7.6 percent in June.Retails sales, meanwhile, slowed slightly to 10.4 percent last month while fixed asset investment posted 8.3 percent growth in the January-July period -- both slightly below expectations."In general, the national economy was generally steady in July with continued positive momentum and deepening structural reform," national statistics bureau spokesman Mao Shengyong said at a news conference."But we also see that the international circumstance is still complicated and fluid, domestic structural conflicts still stand out, and there are still a lot of hidden concerns."The July data comes as the government seeks to rein in huge debt and excess capacity left over from massive government-backed infrastructure spending at the height of the global financial crisis.
Head and Spiritual Leader of INRI Spiritual and Evangelical Church, Oke Afa, Isolo, Lagos, Primate Elijah Babatunde Ayodele, has urged President Muhammadu Buhari to heed the advice of former President not to seek re-election, but allow and support Senate President Bukola Saraki to fly the flag of All Progressives Congress, APC, in the Presidential election next year.
Primate Ayodele who stated this during a chat yesterday said: “the President as good-hearted leader should step down for Senate President Abubakar Bukola Saraki as presidential candidate of the Progressives Congress (APC) to face whoever would emerge as opposition in the 2019 general election,” adding that Bukola Saraki has what it takes to continue with the good job he has done and drive it to a logical and more successful end.
He added: “Buhari should step down for Saraki so that his second term will not come with more dangerous challenges for Nigeria. Bukola Saraki has all that it takes to turn Nigeria around from where Buhari will stop. That is what I have seen and the Lord does not lie,” he said.
Clarifying the both “divine” statements coming from him, the Ikere-Ekiti, Ekiti State-born church leader said, “There is no difference in what I said then and what I have just seen now. I had seen and said that Buhari's second term was dicey and that it would come with challenges but that he however would win if APC presented him as candidate for the 2019.
WASHINGTON: US economic growth slowed slightly more than initially thought in the first quarter as consumer spending rose at its weakest pace in nearly five years, but activity is already picking up against the backdrop of a tightening labour market and tax cuts.
Gross domestic product increased at a 2.2 per cent annual rate, the Commerce Department said on Wednesday (May 30) in its second estimate of first-quarter GDP, instead of the previously reported 2.3 per cent pace.
Advertisement
While business spending was stronger than initially estimated, inventory investment was far smaller than the government reported last month.
The economy grew at a 2.9 per cent rate in the fourth quarter. Economists expect a US$1.5 trillion income tax cut package, which came into effect in January, will spur faster economic growth this year and lift annual GDP growth close to the Trump administration's three per cent target.
Growth is also expected to get a boost from increased government spending. April data including retail sales, trade and industrial production suggest the economy regained speed early in the second quarter. Growth estimates for the second quarter are above a three per cent rate.
Economists had expected first-quarter GDP growth would be unrevised at a 2.3 per cent pace.
Advertisement
Advertisement
"Growth is set to rev up soon given the deficit-financed tax cuts and a big increase in federal government spending," said Scott Hoyt, a senior economist at Moody's Analytics in West Chester, Pennsylvania.
An alternative measure of economic growth, gross domestic income (GDI) increased at a 2.8 per cent rate in the January-March quarter, the fastest since the third quarter of 2016. GDI rose at a 1.0 per cent pace in the fourth quarter.
The average of GDP and GDI, also referred to as gross domestic output and considered a better measure of economic activity, increased at a 2.5 per cent rate in the first quarter. That followed a 2.0 per cent rate of growth in the prior period.
The income side of the growth ledger was boosted by after-tax corporate profits, which surged at a 5.9 per cent rate last quarter after rising at a 1.7 per cent pace in the fourth quarter. The government slashed the corporate tax rate to 21 per cent from 35 per cent effective January.
sentifi.com Channel NewsAsia - Sentifi topic widget
Wages and salaries also got a lift from lower tax rates, increasing US$119.5 billion in the first quarter, an upward revision of US$3.1 billion from earlier estimates.
STRONG LABOUR MARKET
Separately, the ADP national employment report on Wednesday showed private sector payrolls increased by 178,000 jobs in May after rising 163,000 in April. The data was released ahead of the government's more comprehensive employment report on Friday.
According to a Reuters survey of economists, nonfarm payrolls likely increased by 188,000 jobs this month after gaining 164,000 in April. The unemployment rate is forecast unchanged at a near 17-1/2-year low of 3.9 per cent.
"Job growth is still strong for this stage of the expansion but slowing as businesses are having a difficult time finding qualified workers to fill open positions," said Scott Anderson, chief economist at Bank of the West in San Francisco.
Steady growth and a robust labor market are seen encouraging the Federal Reserve to raise interest rates next month. The US central bank increased borrowing costs in March and forecast at least two more rate hikes for this year.
US financial markets were little moved by the data as investors keep a wary eye on political developments in Italy. The dollar fell against a basket of currencies and prices for US Treasuries were trading lower. Stocks on Wall Street rose.
Growth in consumer spending, which accounts for more than two-thirds of US economic activity, braked to a 1.0 per cent rate in the first quarter, rather than the previously reported 1.1 per cent pace. It was the slowest pace since the second quarter of 2013 and followed the fourth quarter's robust 4.0 per cent rate.
Businesses accumulated inventories at a US$20.2 billion rate, instead of the US$33.1 billion pace estimated last month. Inventory investment contributed 0.13 percentage point to GDP growth instead of 0.43 percentage point. The smaller inventory build bodes well for second-quarter GDP growth.
The trade deficit in the first three months of the year was a bit bigger than initially thought and had no impact on the GDP growth rate. Trade was previously estimated to have added 0.20 percentage point to output.
It could contribute to GDP growth in the second quarter as another report from the Commerce Department showed the goods trade deficit falling 0.6 per cent to US$68.2 billion in April.
Business spending on equipment was revised up to a 5.5 per cent growth rate in the January-March quarter from the 4.7 per cent pace estimated last month. That was still a moderation in investment following double-digit growth in the second half of 2017.
April durable goods data suggested business spending on equipment is likely to slow further in the second quarter.
Investment in homebuilding fell at a 2.0 per cent rate in the first quarter instead of being unchanged as reported last month.
related media assets (image or videos) available. Click to see the gallery.
2 related media assets (image or videos) available. Click to see the gallery.
Martin Sorrell is staging a comeback just six weeks after he was ousted from WPP , using the same formula as in the 1980s when he transformed a little-known shell company into the world's biggest advertising group.
REUTERS: Martin Sorrell is staging a comeback just six weeks after he was ousted from WPP , using the same formula as in the 1980s when he transformed a little-known shell company into the world's biggest advertising group.
One of Britain's best known businessmen, Sorrell said he would invest 40 million pounds (US$53 million) of his own money into Derriston Capital while institutional investors have pledged 150 million pounds to buy marketing companies.
Advertisement
The London-listed group will be renamed S4 Capital, in reference to four generations of Sorrell's family, while he will become executive chairman.
Its next moves are likely to be closely watched in an industry facing questions over whether the ad guru's model is still the best way to deliver adverts, marketing, research data and media buying in a digital world.
WPP and its peers have struggled in recent years as major consumer goods groups such as Unilever trimmed spending on marketing and took some services in house, while consultancies such as Accenture have stepped up competition and Facebook and Google dominate the online ad market.
"S4 Capital is a company that aims to build a multi-national communication services business focused on growth," the 73-year-old said. "There are significant opportunities for development in technology, data and content."
Advertisement
Advertisement
The new company, which has raised 51 million pounds through Sorrell and institutional investors including Lombard Odier, Miton, a Rothschild investment unit, Schroders and Toscafund, is in early talks over a number of potential acquisitions.
The group is looking to buy assets in the faster growing part of the industry such as technology and data which can be used to maximize the effectiveness of advertising, while markets such as India could also be of interest.
TRIED AND TESTED
Taking charge of a listed shell company repeats the tactic Sorrell used in the 1980s when he took a stake in Wire and Plastics Products, a maker of shopping baskets, and used it as a vehicle to buy some of the most famous advertising agencies such as JWT and Ogilvy & Mather.
sentifi.com Channel NewsAsia - Sentifi topic widget
Derriston Capital is a little-known two-year-old listed shell company set up to invest in medical technology.
Over 30 years Sorrell built WPP into a company with 200,000 staff in 112 countries by adding market research groups, media buyers, and public relations firms such as Finsbury.
Worth 16 billion pounds, WPP returned millions to shareholders, including its CEO, and dominated the industry for decades. According to Thomson Reuters data, Sorrell is still the eighth biggest investor in WPP, with a 1.4 percent stake.
Sorrell had vowed to break down the barriers at WPP to make it easier for clients to get all the services they needed from a small team, rather than from a range of people among the more than 400 agencies it owned.
Starting again should make it easier to mould a business more aligned to the needs of today.
WPP competes with U.S. groups Omnicom and IPG , France's Publicis and Japan's Dentsu, while thousands of small independent companies provide everything from ads for mobile phones to creative work and data analytics.
Sorrell quit WPP after the board opened an investigation into an allegation of personal misconduct.
The company has not given any details and Sorrell has denied any wrongdoing. He told staff he had stepped down because the disruption was putting too much pressure on the business.
(Reporting by Kate Holton; editing by Sarah Young and Alexander Smith)
Reality TV personality Kim Kardashian says she once stole a lipstick with her partner-in-crime fashion designer Nicole Richie.In a new post on her official website, Kim recalled an incident when she shoplifted from a drug store with Richie when she was 11-years-old.Saying that she had "always been really interested in beauty" since young age, Kim wrote: "When Nicole Richie and I were around 11, we went into a drugstore in Malibu and took lipstick. We thought we were so badass."The Keeping Up with the Kardashians star, who is now 36 years old added: "I can't remember the name of the colour, but it was a brown shade from Revlon. I wasn't much of a partier growing up, so this was about as rebellious as I got."
Three former U.S. Open winners have confirmed they will return to Calgary to play in the 2017 Shaw Charity Classic this summer.
Corey Pavin, Lee Janzen and Scott Simpson will tee off at the Canyon Meadows Golf and Country Club.
“Lee, Corey and Scott's names are synonymous with some of the greatest moments in the game of golf and we are lucky to have them share these life-changing experiences with us in Calgary,” Shaw Charity Classic executive director Sean Van Kesteren said in a Wednesday news release.
“As part of our fifth anniversary, the Shaw Charity Classic is committed to adding more of these great names, who have made a tremendous mark on the game, to our tee sheet.”
READ MORE: English golfer Nick Faldo ditches broadcast booth for 2017 Shaw Charity Classic
In June, organizers announced Nick Faldo would be stepping out of the broadcast booth and onto the fairway.
The 2017 Shaw Charity Classic runs at the Canyon Meadows Golf and Country Club from Aug. 30 to Sept. 3.
When the Toronto Raptors selected forward Andrea Bargnani first overall in the 2006 NBA draft, Maurizio Gherardini, the club's assistant GM, was asked to describe the big Italian's personality.
The media assumed (politically incorrectly) that being Italian, Bargnani would wear his emotions on his sleeve. You know, wave his arms a lot and cup his hands together and look towards the heavens when things weren't going well.
With a chuckle, Gherardini assured us that was not the case. In fact, he described Bargnani, whom he knew very well, as having the personality of a “Russian soldier”. (The interview was quite the victory for stereotyping). But Gherardini was dead on.
Jose Bautista, who on Tuesday played his first game in Toronto as a visiting player since June 24, 2004, struck me the same way. A native of the Dominican Republic, Bautista always seemed in total control, even when he was infuriating opposing teams and fans.
He never fit the description as a so-called hot-blooded Latin, at least off the field, and usually on, even though he certainly had a knack of getting under the other team's skin. Joey Bats was generally the same guy after a win, loss, a bad game, or an outstanding game, which had plenty of during his stay with the Jays between 2008-2017.
He'd flip a bat in the playoffs and get everyone on the other side wanting to wring his neck. Afterwards, in the clubhouse, he'd explain calmly how he was just helping his team win, and how his flip was no big deal.
Towards the end of last season, when it became obvious the Jays were not going to pick up his option and the fans started showing their love and support during the team's last homestand, Bautista played it cool. He said the right things, but there weren't any breakdowns or teary-eyed moments … and he loved it in Toronto.
He totally changed his career around when the Jays acquired him in August 2008 and he became a huge fan favourite and became a big fan of this city.
Bautista had power (his 288 homers are the second most in Jays franchise history), a great eye (ranks second in team history in walks, with 803), was a clutch hitter (third in team history with 766 RBI), a great arm in his prime and was a good outfielder.
But it was largely his personality that made him great. His ability to keep cool. It was his preparation and work ethic more than his emotions that made him the player he was during his heyday in T.O.
“Was one of the most prepared guys I've ever been around,” said Jays manager John Gibbons. “He brought a great intensity every day, whether things were going good or bad. And he showed up every day expecting to play, wanting to play. People wanted to see him play. He had those big, big years.
“There were a lot of games he shouldn't have played but he played anyway. Yeah. I mean, an intense competitor. He's driven, you know. Very driven.”
And cool. When a pitcher threw at his head, invariably Bautista would get up, collect himself, and come through with a huge knock.
During a pre-game media conference on Tuesday, Bautista again showed little emotion, though someone said there might have been a tear in his eye when it was over. As usual, he said the right things, insisting he wasn't angry or upset that the Jays didn't pick up his option last season, even though he wanted to stay.
“It was a business decision and an understandable one,” he said. “I'm not naive or selfish enough to believe that they should have done that. Numbers speak for themselves and it wasn't my best year, that's no secret. But I received an opportunity and here I am (with the New York Mets), looking to make the best of it. I'm not trying to dwell in the past and let any of that drive me now. I feel like I can find enough drive just in my desire to continue to play the game and help my team win.”
Bautista had a knack for pressing buttons on the field, infuriating the opposition — enough for someone to punch him in the face, to throw the ball at his head, to scream at him when he was standing at first base. But he stayed in control.
Prior to Tuesday's game, a video tribute was shown on the scoreboard at the Rogers Centre and the fans gave Bautista a long standing ovation. Bautista waved and applauded in return … and continued to stretch. Clearly, he appreciated the response, but he kept it cool.
SBuffery@postmedia.com
Twitter @Beezersun
Governor Samuel Ortom of Benue State has said that the Jama'atul Nasir Islam (JNI) should blame Fulani Nationality Movement (FUNAM), Miyetti Allah Kautal Hore (MAKH) and Miyetti Allah Cattle Herders Association (MACBAN) and not Governor Samuel Ortom for describing the killings in the state as a jihadist agenda.
Reacting to a statement credited to JNI regarding the reported comments of Governor Ortom on attacks in the state, the Chief Press Secretary, Terver Akase, in a statement, warned that JNI was by its statement, trying to instigate religious hatred against the person of Governor Ortom.
“In the statement, Secretary General of JNI, Dr. Abubakar Khalid Aliyu, accused Governor Ortom of attributing the herdsmen attacks in the state to a continuation of the late Usman Danfodio's jihad.
“The impression being created by the organisation that Governor Ortom attacked the leadership of Nigerian Muslims in his comments is as misleading as it is a deliberate attempt to cast the Governor in bad light before Muslims in the country.
Akase, who said that the Fulani Nationality Movement had, on several occasions, declared jihad on Benue State and Nigeria, said it was for that reason that Governor Ortom continued to reiterate his call for the arrest of the leadership of the groups to prevent further killings in the state.
While quoting some links to authenticate the resolve of the Fulani Nationality Movement to wage a holy war on Benue State, the CPS stated that the Governor's statement only tried to alert security agencies to the threats.
“Governor Ortom used the programme to draw the attention of security agencies to the inflammatory statements made by the said groups vowing to wage a jihad and mobilize their members to invade Benue and resist implementation of the Open Grazing Prohibition and Ranches Establishment Law passed by the state.
Akase condemned this negative branding of Governor Ortom by the JNI. He maintained that the Benue State Governor has enormous respect for the leadership of Jama'atul Nasir Islam and all other Nigerian Muslims and would not have launched an attack on the religion.
He said the Governor was only responding to a specific question in an interview when he quoted the threats by leaders of FUNAM, MAKH and MACBAN who had addressed press conferences and stated that the attacks on Benue State were a jihad and struggle for the control of natural resources in the Benue Valley.
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
MARK MORAN / THE CITIZENS' VOICE Eleazar Yisrael is charged with murdering Samuel Vacante in an attempt to secure his girlfriend, who was Vacante's estranged wife, sole ownership of the marital home disputed in the couple's impending divorce.
WILKES-BARRE — The evidence against murder suspect Eleazar Yisrael mounted Wednesday as prosecutors showed jurors he had a treasure trove of the victim's personal effects squirreled away in the days after the shooting — including the keys to the victim's stolen car and a unique hunting knife.
Yisrael, 31, of 33 W. 10th St., Hazleton, is on trial for allegedly fatally shooting Samuel Vacante, 52, in the back in his Drums home on Aug. 31, 2015. Prosecutors allege Yisrael committed the shooting so that Vacante's estranged wife, who was romantically involved with Yisrael, could benefit by taking full ownership of a jointly owned $200,000 home.
Prosecutors allege that after the shooting, Yisrael loaded the body into the trunk of Vacante's Kia Cadenza and drove out to the Poconos, where he ditched the body in some woods off Petrarch Trail in Penn Forest Township, Carbon County — near where Yisrael used to live.
During the trial's third day Wednesday, jurors heard that state troopers recovered a number of Yisrael's fingerprints from the exterior of Vacante's car, which was recovered on West Eighth Street in Hazleton, two blocks from Yisrael's home.
Inside the car, police found Vacante's blood in the trunk and a receipt for $31 from Wal-Mart in Bloomsburg from 8:16 p.m. Sept. 1, 2015 — the day after Vacante disappeared.
Former Trooper Kenneth Houck testified that when he went to the store, he saw surveillance showing two men cashing a check from PNC Bank. The trooper got a copy of the check and identified one of them as Wilson Rosenberg, 28, of Berwick, who took the stand to say “Q,” the friend of his neighbor, Jamal Reid, had given him a ride to the store. Rosenberg identified “Q” as Yisrael, who he said had been driving a white Kia Cadenza.
The only purchase Rosenberg made at Wal-Mart was $31 for a phone card, he said.
Jurors heard testimony from Charles Franklin, a 52-year-old Berwick contractor, who said that while on a job at Reid's house in the days after the shooting, he saw the white Kia Cadenza and encountered Yisrael, whom he also knew as “Q.” During a conversation about hunting, Yisrael showed off a knife with a handle made from a deer's foot, he said.
“It was a very unique knife,” said Franklin, an avid hunter. “I've never seen anything like that in all my years.”
Later, Reid's girlfriend's son found that knife, which prosecutors say belonged to Vacante, on a shelf in Reid's garage. Reid told jurors that Yisrael had asked him for a place to store a “whip,” which he understood meaning a car, and that he subsequently found a bundle of unknown items wrapped in a blanket on the floor.
After Reid contacted police about the bundle and allowed a search of the garage, investigators found the bundle contained guns, knives and watches.
When state police went to search Yisrael's home on Sept. 3, 2015, they found two recently discarded blue latex gloves, as well as a black Sharpie marker on the front porch of the same variety used to black out the vehicle identification number on Vacante's car, Trooper John Corrigan testified.
Troopers found more latex gloves inside the home, along with tax papers and piles of mail belonging to Vacante and his estranged wife, Lisa Vacante, Corrigan said. They also found a compact disc on which Samuel Vacante's girlfriend, Jennifer Daley, recorded herself singing for her boyfriend, he said.
“That particular CD was made for the victim by Jennifer Daley,” Corrigan said. “She made that CD specifically for Samuel Vacante, as a gift.”
In Yisrael's bedroom, troopers found digital camouflage clothing of the same variety Butler Township police saw Yisrael wearing when they briefly stopped him early the morning of the murder, walking in the direction of Samuel Vacante's home.
The camouflage pants had a blood stain on the upper right thigh, he said. Prosecutors have previously said the blood was a DNA match to Samuel Vacante's.
In the master bedroom of Yisrael's house, troopers found the key fob to a Kia hidden inside a speaker box, the trooper said. When troopers tested the fob on Samuel Vacante's car, the doors' locks responded.
Also in the bedroom, on the top shelf of a closet, troopers found a black knife, Corrigan said.
“The victim's initials, SJV, are engraved on the base of the blade,” he said.
Testimony continues this morning.
570-821-2058, @cvjimhalpin
PODGORICA: Montenegro's parliament voted on Wednesday to strip an opposition leader of immunity, paving the way for the public prosecutor to question him as part of an investigation into an alleged Russian-backed plot to overthrow the government.
On election day last October, authorities arrested 20 people accused of planning armed attacks against state institutions and a foiled plot to assassinate of the former Prime Minister Milo Djukanovic in order to bring an opposition figure to power.
The special prosecutor said the alleged coup was backed by Russian nationalists.
Forty-two deputies allied with Djukanovic's coalition in the 81-seat parliament voted to strip Andrija Mandic, leader of the opposition Democratic Front, and his ally Milan Knezevic, of immunity upon the request of the special prosecutor.
The 39 opposition lawmakers have boycotted parliament since the election and the arrests.
The opposition says the plot was fabricated and accuses Djukanovic of using the security services to help extend his quarter century of dominance over Montenegro. It rejected the election results, accusing the government of a climate of fear.
With the boycott and the prospect of arrest warrants for the two opposition figures, analysts say the former Yugoslav republic is facing its biggest crisis since independence in 2006, with the possibility of growing demonstrations in protest.
Around 100 opposition supporters gathered in front of the parliament on Wednesday to protest against parliament's vote.
Both, Mandic and Knezevic are outspoken advocates of closer ties with Russia and oppose the country's NATO membership.
Before the vote, Djukanovic said Russia was financing the opposition in order to derail Montenegro's imminent NATO membership. Opposition parties, many also pro-NATO, deny this.
The Adriatic republic of 620,000 people has strong economic and traditional ties with Russia, another predominantly Orthodox Christian country. But relations cooled in recent years especially after Montenegro introduced sanctions against Russia over the conflict in Ukraine, embracing EU policies.
(Reporting by Petar Komnenic; Writing by Ivana Sekularac; Editing by Alison Williams)
New Delhi: Narendra Modi says he is not scared of elections and so the children should not fear examinations, Union minister Sushma Swaraj on Saturday underlined at the launch of 'Exam Warriors', a book authored by the prime minister.
The 193-page book offers 25 'mantras', including yoga asanas, to help students face examinations without stress.
"Modiji says he is not scared of elections, so you (children) do not be afraid of examinations. Do not worry and write exams without tension. This is the 'mul mantra' (main takeaway) of this book," Swaraj said.
She said politicians also have to "sit for examinations after every five years" and sometimes before that in case the Lok Sabha is dissolved ahead of its tenure.
External Affairs Minister Swaraj and Human Resource Development Minister Prakash Javadekar jointly launched the book published by Penguin Random House.
The book's 25 chapters include topics such as 'Exams are like festivals — celebrate them!', 'Exams test your current preparation, not you. Chill!', 'Be a warrior, not worrier!', 'Knowledge is permanent--pursue it', 'Compete — with yourself', and 'To cheat is to be cheap'.
In the book, Modi also highlights the importance of embracing technology, playing, travelling and presentation skills, among others.
In a letter to parents in the book, Modi has asked them to spend quality time with their children and "always accept rather than expect" from them.
In another letter to teachers, he has advised them to empower the students to pursue their interests and create their own opportunities.
"Motivate them so that they do something driven by their passion instead of seeking to become something," Modi has said.
Javadekar said at the event that the prime minister has written the book on an issue which is not political and connected to every home.
He said the prime minister will soon hold a dialogue with crores of school and college students on the issue of examination and how they can confidently appear for tests.
A Nova Scotia Supreme Court judge has acquitted Markel Jason Downey of attempted murder charges.
The 20-year-old was facing 28 charges, including three counts of attempted murder, that stemmed from an incident in Cole Harbour more than two years ago.
The decision comes less than a week after the Crown and defence presented their closing arguments.
READ MORE: Former NS boxing champ Markel Jason Downey to learn fate next week
It was alleged that Downey broke into a home on Arklow Drive on Nov. 30, 2014.
Three people were shot, including Ashley MacLean Kearse, who was left paralyzed from the chest down and confined to a wheelchair.
READ MORE: Police charge 4 teens in connection with Cole Harbour triple shooting
On Thursday, Crown Attorney James Giacomantonio told Global News the case almost rested entirely on MacLean Kearse's testimony.
Three youths were also charged in connection with the home invasion and have since been dealt with in the justice system after pleading guilty. A court ban protects the names of those individuals.
– With files from Natasha Pace, Global News
NEW YORK: A man carrying a pipe bomb strapped to his body detonated it in a crowded New York subway passageway during the morning rush hour on Monday (Dec 11), seriously injuring himself but only lightly injuring three others.
New York Mayor Bill de Blasio called the bombing an "attempted terrorist attack," and identified the 27-year-old man identified as Akayed Ullah.
The blast took place at the height of morning rush hour in the subway station at the new York Port Authority bus terminal, not far from the city's iconic Times Square, sparking commuter panic and travel disruptions.
Map of Manhattan locating Monday's explosion.
Subway trains were bypassing the Port Authority and Times Square stations as the investigation continued.
The bomber was in custody and sent to a hospital with burns and wounds on his body.
Advertisement
Advertisement
The explosion rattled a city still scarred by the devastating Sep 11 attacks, and a truck attack on Oct 31 that left eight dead on a bike path.
"This is New York. The reality is that we are a target by many who would like to make a statement against democracy, against freedom," New York Governor Andrew Cuomo told reporters.
"This was an attempted terrorist attack," Mayor Bill de Blasio added. "Thank god the perpetrator did not achieve his ultimate goals."
“There are no known additional incidents or activities...You will see additional NYPD presence throughout the city,” @NYCMayor now. #PortAuthority pic.twitter.com/spYuKrf9Tu — NYPD NEWS (@NYPDnews) December 11, 2017
New York police commissioner James O'Neill said the 27-year-old suspect had strapped the explosive device, which resembled a crude pipe bomb, to his body with velcro and zip ties. He suffered burns to the hands and abdomen, and other injuries.
Photos were circulating on social media of the man on the ground with his hands cuffed behind his mask and injuries to his torso.
Former New York police chief Bill Bratton told MSNBC television that he had been told the suspect was originally from Bangladesh and may have been acting in the name of the Islamic State militant group.
Police quickly evacuated the Port Authority station and closed roads in the area, which were filled with police cars and ambulances with flashing lights.
The blast occurred at the peak of the morning rush hour, shortly before 8am (1300 GMT), when large numbers of people were headed to work.
Police and other first responders respond to an explosion at the Port Authority Bus Terminal on Dec 11, 2017 in New York. (Photo: AFP/Bryan R Smith)
“There was a stampede up the stairs to get out,” said Diego Fernandez, one of the commuters at Port Authority. “Everybody was scared and running and shouting.”
President Donald Trump was briefed on the explosion, White House spokeswoman Sarah Huckabee Sanders wrote on Twitter.
Times Square right now..... pic.twitter.com/AhnyXwXyNe — Morgan Anthony (@Morgan19Anthony) December 11, 2017
'ONE OF OUR WORST NIGHTMARES'
The incident occurred less than two months after an Uzbek immigrant killed eight people by speeding a rental truck down a New York City bike path, in an attack for which Islamic State claimed responsibility.
In September 2016, a man injured more than two dozen people when he set off a homemade bomb in New York's Chelsea district.
New York is on high alert ahead of the holidays, which culminate every year with the giant New Year's Eve celebration in Times Square, attended by hundreds of thousands of revellers.
Monday's attack highlighted one of New York City's greatest vulnerabilities - its underground transit system.
A bomb in a subway station "is in many ways one of our worst nightmares," Cuomo said.
"We have the Statue of Liberty in our harbor, and that makes us an international target. We understand that," he added.
PAMPERING oneself is a good way to spend some time alone or with a friend and relieve stress. A few self-care activities include getting a body scrub, getting your skin rejuvenated and getting a facial.
To enjoy these services, go to someone with a profound background in the medical and aesthetic field. Mavi Medical and Aesthetic Center is the go-to place.
Medical Director and proprietor, Dr. Myra Aron Vitorillo is a licensed and certified dermatologist. She is recognized for her expertise in treating skin conditions, body re-shaping and contouring and other aesthetic procedures with proven, long-lasting results. She has been all over the globe for training and seminars and has relevant experience as a Medical Director. Along the way in her journey of Medicine, she has found out that she has a passion being an Aesthetic Physician. Thus, opening Mavi Medical and Aesthetics Center.
ADVERTISEMENT
They offer non-surgical solutions for those who want to improve their appearance, treat acne, prevent aging or those who want to feel good and confident with their body. Their best sellers are the Slimming and Toning, Facial and Acne Treatment. Along with these best sellers are a variety of services including Skin Rejuvenation, Non Invasive Face Lifting, Underarm Whitening, Botox, and more. With the sun shining brightly for summer, treating our skin and getting our beach bodies ready is a need for the Facebook and Instagram photos!
Mavi Medical and Aesthetic Center is located at Unit 2, Visayas Community Medical Center, Osmeña Boulevard and is open from Monday-Saturday 10am-8pm. For inquiries , call 254-6692 or email at mavmedicalandaestheticscenter@yahoo.com. Like their Facebook page at www.facebook.com/mavibeauty. /Noelle Rae Salvador
BATAVIA TOWNSHIP, Mich. (WOOD) — A Coldwater man was killed in a Friday night crash in Branch County.
Authorities said the victim's vehicle was facing westbound on US-12 while waiting to turn on Pond Drive when it was rear-ended and pushed into the eastbound lane. An eastbound vehicle was traveling down the road and was unable to avoid a collision.
Authorities have identified the victim as 64-year-old Jeffery Jonas, who was pronounced dead on scene.
The other two drivers were taken to an area hospital to be treated for minor injuries.
Share this: Email
Print
Facebook
Twitter
Google
Pinterest
More
LinkedIn
Tumblr
Reddit
TORONTO – Canadians have been swindled out of than $1.7 million via scams involving cryptocurrencies such as bitcoin so far this year – more than double the amount during all of 2016.
The Canadian Anti-Fraud Centre says that's more than five times the amount people lost to these types of scams in 2015, which was roughly $284,000.
READ MORE: Bitcoin futures rise as virtual currency makes debut on major exchange
As bitcoin becomes more popular with investors, sending the price above US$17,000 mark last week, criminals appear to be increasingly turning to cryptocurrencies to extort payment from their victims as well.
These new figures come after police in Alberta, British Columbia and Ontario warned in recent months to beware of scams involving demands for a transfer of funds using bitcoin.
READ MORE: Drastic value increase puts Bitcoin back on the map
RCMP in Langley, B.C., last month said a woman received a call from what she believed was her husband's cellphone and someone poses as a police officer, asking for bail to secure her spouse's release.
Police said the woman followed the caller's instructions and paid them $5,000 in bitcoin, before receiving a call from her husband who was sitting at home and never arrested in the first place.
VIDEO: Hot investment opportunity or looming bubble?
SINGAPORE: Minister for Foreign Affairs Vivian Balakrishnan will attend the G20 foreign ministers' meeting in Bonn, Germany from Feb 16 to 17, the Ministry of Foreign Affairs (MFA) said in a news release on Wednesday (Feb 15).
The meeting will discuss how countries can cooperate more effectively to address global challenges including sustainable development, sustaining peace and assisting Africa in its development.
Singapore has been invited to participate in the G20 process as the representative of the Global Governance Group (3G), MFA said. The 3G includes countries such as Bahrain, Kuwait, Qatar, New Zealand, the Philippines, Switzerland and Finland.
Dr Balakrishnan will be accompanied by officials from MFA, the ministry added.
With the widening alcohol prohibition threatening to impact the country's tourism industry, NITI Aayog CEO Amitabh Kant on Friday said it is not the states' business to decide what a tourist should eat and drink."Indian states can't get into what a tourist wants to eat and drink. Just not possible... what he wants to eat and drink is his individual business and not the states' business," he said at India Economic Summit of the World Economic Forum (WEF) here.He was asked whether states banning beef and alcohol have failed to realise what Dubai did so brilliantly, as the country needs tourists who should be extended every facility they need."I have been a long term believer on couple of things. Tourism is essentially civilisational in character, you can't have garbage and filth and say that we have great heritage sites. So, India must focus on cleanliness. It is number one. Number 2, it is about seamless experience," he said.Madhya Pradesh, Chhattisgarh, Kerala and Daman have announced plans to bar liquor sales, adding to the list of dry states that includes Gujarat, Bihar, Nagaland and Manipur.The proponents of prohibition maintain India has the highest whiskey sales in the world, leading to a plethora of social ills. Also, they say, drunk driving is a leading cause of road accidents and binge drinking is a big problem in the country.Asked by the moderator if he has told the political leadership about his views on the impact of this prohibition on tourists, he said: "I have said it all the time that for a tourist...it's about creating experiences."In the evening he wants to relax and he wants to chill out and therefore you need to create that evening experience for (him) in terms of Indian culture."
WASHINGTON: The White House on Monday (Dec 11) rejected calls for a congressional investigation of claims Donald Trump sexually harassed women, saying the American people had spoken on the matter by electing him president.
Democratic Senator Kirsten Gillibrand called on Trump to resign, meanwhile, echoing a demand made the previous day by two other Senate Democrats.
Three women who claim they were sexually harassed by Trump before he ran for president urged Congress on Monday to investigate his behaviour and allegations of misconduct.
The three, who first came forward during last year's presidential race with their claims of harassment, said they were speaking up again because of the current climate.
In recent months, countless women have broken their silence about abuse suffered at the hands of powerful men in the worlds of entertainment, the media, business and politics, in the wake of the bombshell allegations that felled movie mogul Harvey Weinstein.
"The environment's different," said Samantha Holvey, who claims Trump came backstage when she and other contestants in the 2006 Miss USA pageant were dressing.
Advertisement
Advertisement
"Let's try again," Holvey said, in explaining her decision to repeat her allegations.
Rachel Crooks, who says Trump forcibly kissed her on the mouth after she introduced herself to him at Trump Tower in 2005, urged lawmakers to "put aside their party affiliations and investigate Mr Trump's history of sexual misconduct."
Crooks voiced hope "that we will hold Mr Trump to the same standard of Harvey Weinstein and the other men who were held accountable for their reprehensible behavior."
Jessica Leeds, who says she was groped and forcibly kissed by Trump on a commercial flight decades ago, said Trump has not been held accountable for "what he is and who he is."
The White House swiftly dismissed the claims as "false."
"The timing and absurdity of these false claims speaks volumes and the publicity tour that has begun only further confirms the political motives behind them," a White House statement said.
'A DECISIVE ELECTION'
Addressing reporters, White House spokeswoman Sarah Huckabee Sanders said the president "has addressed these accusations directly and denied all of these allegations.
"This took place long before he was elected to be president and the people of this country had a decisive election, supported President Trump," Sanders said. "We feel like these allegations have been answered through that process."
Gillibrand, a Democratic senator from New York, told CNN that Trump should "immediately resign."
"President Trump has committed assault according to these women," she said. "And those are very credible allegations.
"I think he should immediately resign and if he doesn't we should have the investigation," Gillibrand said.
Democratic senators Cory Booker of New Jersey and Jeff Merkley of Oregon also called over the weekend for Trump to step down.
Democratic Senator Ron Wyden backed the call for a congressional investigation - which appeared unlikely to occur given the Republican control of both houses of Congress.
"These women are right," the senator from Oregon said in a tweet. "If @realDonaldTrump won't resign, Congress must investigate allegations by many, many women that he sexually assaulted and harassed them. No one is above the law."
These women are right. If @realDonaldTrump doesn't resign, Congress must investigate allegations by many, many women that he sexually assaulted and harassed them. No one is above the law. https://t.co/ySP9DVUgLP — Ron Wyden (@RonWyden) December 11, 2017
Three US lawmakers announced their resignations from Congress last week over sexual harassment allegations, including Democratic Senator Al Franken of Minnesota.
In announcing his resignation, Franken took aim at Trump.
"I, of all people, am aware that there is some irony in the fact I am leaving while a man who bragged on tape about his history of sexual assault sits in the Oval Office," he said.
A total of 16 women have come forward with claims of misconduct by Trump, who boasted in a tape that surfaced during the campaign that he could kiss and grope women with impunity, because of his celebrity.
In an apparent divergence from the White House line, Nikki Haley, the US ambassador to the United Nations, said Sunday that any women claiming to be victims of sexual harassment - including those implicating Trump - "should be heard."
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
“The greatness of a nation and its moral progress can be judged by the way its animals are treated.” — Mahatma Gandhi
Blessing of the animals in honor of St. Francis of Assisi will take place at Good Shepherd Polish National Catholic Church, 269 E. Main St., Plymouth, at noon Sunday, Oct. 8, in the church parking lot.
Meditation, healing program
A community meditation and healing program presented by Theresa Havel, Psy.D., will be held at the Hoyt Library, 284 Wyoming Ave., Kingston, on Monday, Oct. 9.
The program is described as an opportunity to find inner peace and heal from past events.
The program is not a counseling session, but guided meditation and visualization that can be healing to those in attendance. The program is free to the public.
Havel holds a doctorate degree from Philadelphia College of Osteopathic Medicine, 2007; Hypnotherapy Academy of America, 2016 and Wellspring Spiritual Center, 2014. Havel is a Shamanic healing practitioner, and is a certified Reiki II Master. Register by calling or visiting the Hoyt Library at 570-287-2013.
Concealed carry seminar update
The Concealed Carry Seminar, set for 6 to 8 p.m. Thursday, Oct. 12, at the Luzerne Volunteer Fire Department, 66 Tener St., Luzerne, has reached capacity. The seminar was organized by state Reps. Karen Boback (R-Lackawanna/Luzerne/Wyoming), Aaron Kaufer (R-Luzerne) and Tarah Toohil (R-Luzerne). Doors open at 5:30 p.m.
Those who have registered for the seminar and can no longer attend are asked to call Boback's office at 570-675-6000, Kaufer's office at 570-283-1001 or Toohil's office at 570-453-1344.
An additional seminar will be scheduled if there is sufficient interest.
Autumn fling bingo
St. Ignatius Parish Autumn Fling Bingo hosted by Mary's Ministry will be held Sunday, Nov. 5, in Conlan Hall. Doors open at 11:45 a.m. Games begin at 1:15 p.m.
Prizes include assorted gift items for all age groups – perfect for holiday giving. Ticket donation is $25 ($20 if paid by Oct. 31).
Ticket includes 20 games, three cards for each game and door prizes. Extra cards, specials, raffle prizes, 50/50 drawing, food and beverages may be purchased.
Details are available at www.stignatiuspa.com or call the rectory at 570-288-6446 for assistance.
Pierogi sale
Good Shepherd Polish National Catholic Church, 269 E. Main St., Plymouth, will make potato cheese pierogi for the holidays on Oct. 22, Nov. 5, and Nov. 19. Pick up will be in the church hall from 3 to 6 p.m. Call 570-690-5411 to order.
Shawnee VFW
The Shawnee Plymouth Post 1425 Veterans of Foreign Wars (VFW) will meet at 7 p.m. Monday, Oct. 9, in the VFW Post, 111 W. Main St., Plymouth. All regular members of the post are invited. For information, contact the commander at 570-779-4711 or 570-301-8995.
Barbara Pitcavage writes about the West Side. Contact her at rocko1245@aol.com.
MTN Rwanda has launched a mobile television application that allows users to stream and share videos on their Android data-enabled handsets at an …
Rwead more
Disgraced Hollywood mogul Harvey Weinstein, fighting rape and sex crime charges in New York, will not testify before a Manhattan grand jury, his lawyer confirmed Wednesday, accusing prosecutors of acting under political pressure.
“Mr Weinstein intends to follow the advice of his attorneys and not testify before the grand jury,” his defense team said in a statement.
Lead defense attorney Ben Brafman complained there had not been “sufficient time” to “properly prepare” his client given that the charges were laid out in detail last Friday, the eve of a bank holiday weekend.
A request to postpone Weinstein's appearance before the grand jury — which had been scheduled for Wednesday at 2pm — was denied, Brafman added.
Weinstein was charged with rape and a sex crime in New York last Friday, in what was hailed a landmark for the #MeToo movement, nearly eight months after his career imploded in a blaze of accusations of misconduct.
The 66-year-old twice-married father of five, was charged with rape in the first and third degrees, stemming from an attack on a woman in 2013, and a criminal sex act against another woman in 2004. Neither victim was named.
His lawyer says the rape allegation involves a woman with whom Weinstein “shared a 10-year consensual sexual relationship that continued for years” after the alleged 2013 incident.
Manhattan District Attorney Cyrus Vance, who was criticized for failing to prosecute Weinstein in a separate case three years ago, unveiled the charges.
“Regardless of how compelling Mr Weinstein's personal testimony might be, an indictment was inevitable due to the unfair political pressure being placed on Cy Vance to secure a conviction,” Brafman's statement complained Wednesday.
The former Tinseltown powerbroker posted bail at $1 million cash, surrendered his passport and has been fitted with a GPS monitoring device.
His career went down in flames in October over sexual assault allegations following explosive articles in The New York Times and New Yorker, which sparked a sexual harassment reckoning across the United States, in multiple industries.
LAS VEGAS — Claire Foy says the controversy over her pay for the Netflix series “The Crown” has changed her approach to Hollywood.
“It definitely opened my eyes to a lot. And I certainly won't be naïve about those things,” Foy said in an interview on Monday in Las Vegas. “It's really opened my eyes about what I am allowed to have an opinion about, and what I'm allowed to stand up for myself about. And I think that's really changed my approach to myself and other women in this industry. It's been only a positive thing — even though, embarrassing.”
A producer disclosed last month that Foy, who starred as Britain's Queen Elizabeth II, was paid less than Matt Smith, who played Prince Philip, because Smith was better known.
The gender pay gap has become a big issue in Hollywood after revelations that many female stars have been paid less than their male counterparts. Foy and Smith are being replaced by older performers in the next season of the show.
Foy was in Las Vegas promoting “The Girl in the Spider's Web,” which completed filming this month. It's based on the fourth book in Stieg Larsson's popular Millennium series revolving around hacker Lisbeth Salander, previously been played in movies by Noomi Rapace and Rooney Mara.
Foy said she hadn't sought their blessing before beginning her work.
“I mean, we are all actresses. We all know the game. I don't doubt for a second that those two incredible actresses don't both hate me and also … ”
Director Fede Alvarez interjects that he did indeed get Rapace's blessing.
“I met her at the premiere of her last movie and we got introduced and I told her what I was doing and she really wished us good luck and she knew you were doing it,” he said.
“You got her blessing? Did you? He never told me this,” Foy said, laughing. “Oh, well there you go. One down! One to go.”
The 34-year-old actress says she exercised intensively to play the character — and got a new hairstyle.
“I got an undercut, which is something that I never thought I would have in my life. Which is great! Then all her tattoos and just how she moves and the clothes that she wears. I loved being her every day, actually. It was very liberating thing,” Foy said. “Because I didn't have to worry about being attractive or being liked or any of that nonsense that women quite often have to wake up every day thinking how does the world see me? And it was really nice to wake up and just be like, like this. What you see is what you get. I quite enjoyed that.”
“The Girl in the Spider's Web” is set for release in November.
Mumbai: A fire broke out at an industrial estate in suburban Mulund late on Saturday night with officials of the BMC Disaster Control Room stating that fire-fighting operations were currently underway.
A Control Room official said that the there were no reports of injuries to anyone, adding that eight fire engines and an equal number of water tankers had been deployed to douse the fire.
"The fire erupted at some industrial shops in Shanti Agency in Mulund West around 9 pm. The cause of the fire is not yet known," an official said.
Meanwhile, in neighbouring Thane, firefighters continued their efforts to bring under control a raging fire at a godown in Bhiwandi's Mankoli Naka area.
Fire teams from Bhiwandi, Ulhasnagar, Badlapur and Kalyan were engaged in the fire operations since 3 am on Saturday, officials said.
There are no casualties, officials said, adding that it could take some more time to douse the flames.
WWE Rumour Mill: Jason Jordan was backstage at Raw and return is imminent
When and how will Jason Jordan return to television?
Anirban Banerjee ANALYST News 30 May 2018, 14:29 IST 592 Share Options × Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Reddit Google+ Email
American Alpha won the Tag Team Championships on SmackDown Live
What's the story?
This week's Monday Night Raw saw the Women's Gauntlet Match for the last position in the Money in the Bank Ladder Match, Seth Rollins defend his title against Jinder Mahal, and Finn Balor square off against Braun Strowman again, in a rematch of their encounter the previous week.
According to reports by PW Insider (h/t Cageside Seats), another star was present backstage, although he did not appear on television.
In case you didn't know...
Jason Jordan suffered an injury during his run with Seth Rollins as the Tag Team Champions in January. Although he carried on for several weeks, Jordan had to undergo surgery in February. WWE wrote him off television programming by having his kayfabe father, Kurt Angle, send him home after he cost Seth Rollins and Roman Reigns a chance for the Raw Tag Team Titles.
After Jordan had been revealed to be the illegitimate son of Kurt Angle, he was brought over to Raw. His partner of the time, Chad Gable, remained on SmackDown Live, looking to make his mark with a new partner Shelton Benjamin.
The heart of the matter
Jason Jordan has been out of action since February, but according to reports, he is fit now and set to make a return to Raw. He has been backstage for two Raws in a row now, according to PW Insider, and can make his on-screen return at any point.
Dave Meltzer speculated on his recent episode of the Wrestling Observer, that while Jordan is set to return, he may not continue his old gimmick, and instead join his former partner. In the recent Superstar Shakeup, Chad Gable made the jump to Raw. A returning Jordan could easily team up with him to reform American Alpha.
You can read more about Meltzer's speculation with regards to the reunification of American Alpha here.
What's next?
Jason Jordan may return at any point, as he is cleared to wrestle and has been present at Raw backstage.
You can watch Jordan cost Reigns and Rollins the titles here:
What manner of return would you prefer for Jason Jordan? Leave your thoughts in the comments below.
Each step along the way during the Clippers' five-game trip, there were different ways that Blake Griffin elevated his game.
And all of it spoke to Griffin's ascension since returning from right-knee surgery that sidelined the power forward for 18 games.
“The first thing you lose, for me, is always my rhythm,” Griffin said after the Clippers defeated the Utah Jazz in Salt Lake City on Monday night. “It's just the stupid, little turnovers, trying to do too much. Being patient — I think that's the biggest thing I found is my patience throughout the game. It's about not trying to force things here and there.”
The game started to slow down for Griffin on the trip as the Clippers produced a 3-2 record.
Griffin was scoring with regularity, including a season-high 32 points at New York.
Griffin displayed his all-around skills. He had a triple-double at Toronto with 26 points, 11 rebounds and 11 assists, and a near triple-double at Charlotte with 20 points, 12 rebounds and eight assists.
Griffin was also efficient, making 11 of 18 shots at Utah.
“When you're more patient, it definitely slows down,” Griffin said. “But getting out in transition has been big for us, too, because we've gotten some stops, especially these last two games.”
During the five-game trip, Griffin averaged 25.4 points per game, 9.8 rebounds and 6.8 assists. He was named the Western Conference player of the week by the NBA for his play last week.
He shot 51% from the field and 50% (five of 10) from three-point range.
So while Chris Paul (left-thumb surgery) recovers from his injury, Griffin has taken on more responsibility.
“I think we all do,” Griffin said. “You can't replace a guy like CP with one guy, so you have to do it by committee. So I think we all feel a little bit more responsibility, a bigger load. Guys have stepped up.”
Like Paul, Griffin is a willing passer.
He has become especially adept at finding DeAndre Jordan rolling down the lane for dunks.
Griffin is also proficient at finding J.J. Redick and other shooters on the wing for open looks.
“His passing is huge,” Clippers Coach Doc Rivers said about Griffin. “He's one of the best passers in the league; and obviously when you don't have your point guard, who may be the best passer in the league, you need him.”
UP NEXT
VS ATLANTA HAWKS
When: 7:30 p.m. Wednesday
Where: Staples Center.
On the air: TV: Prime Ticket; Radio: 570, 1330.
Records: Clippers 34-21; Hawks: 32-23.
Record vs. Hawks: 1-0.
Update: The Clippers are seeking to extend their winning streak to four consecutive games before taking a week off for the All-Star break. … The Hawks share the basketball very well. They average 24 assists per game, sixth-best in the NBA. The Hawks are strong on defense, allowing 104.3 points per game, eighth-best in the league.
broderick.turner@latimes.com
Twitter: @BA_Turner
related media assets (image or videos) available. Click to see the gallery.
6 related media assets (image or videos) available. Click to see the gallery.
World Cup hosts Russia turned in another unconvincing display as Austria extended their winless run stretching back to October with a 1-0 victory in a friendly on Wednesday.
INNSBRUCK, Austria: World Cup hosts Russia turned in another unconvincing display as Austria extended their winless run stretching back to October with a 1-0 victory in a friendly on Wednesday.
The home side, who have not qualified for the finals, exposed defensive frailties in Stanislav Cherchesov's team with Alessandro Schopf sending a neat finish past Igor Akinfeev following a fine run from Marko Arnautovic after 28 minutes.
Advertisement
Shorn of competitive football due to qualifying as hosts, Russia have spent the last two years playing friendlies against some of the world's leading sides, but their preparations have been far from ideal.
Cherchesov's spluttering team faced a barrage of criticism in the Russian media after suffering heavy home defeats by Brazil and France in March and the coach's negative tactics were also questioned.
Russia have conceded 10 goals in their last four games and failed to win in six matches.
Sergei Ignashevich, who will turn 39 in July, came out of retirement to join the Russia squad ahead of the major global sporting showpiece, replacing the injured Ruslan Kambolov.
Advertisement
Advertisement
But the return of the veteran, who earned his 121st cap against Austria, did little to reduce Russia's defensive woes and the defeat represented another big blow for Cherchesov's team who clearly lack quality in every department.
On paper, however, Russia are still favourites to reach the World Cup knockout stages from a group including Uruguay, Saudi Arabia and Egypt.
Russia host Turkey in their last warm-up in Moscow on June 5.
(Reporting by Angel Krasimirov, editing by Ed Osmond)
LOS ANGELES (AP) — As part of the crew digging a subway extension under the streets of Los Angeles, Ashley Leger always keeps her safety gear close by.
When her phone buzzes, she quickly dons a neon vest, hard hat and goggles before climbing deep down into a massive construction site beneath a boulevard east of downtown.
Earth-movers are diverted, and Leger gets on her hands and knees and gently brushes the dirt from a spot pointed out by a member of her team. Her heart beats faster because there's a chance she'll uncover what she calls “the big find.”
Leger is a paleontologist who digs for fossils in the middle of a city rather than an open plain or desert. She works for a company contracted by Los Angeles transportation officials to keep paleontologists on hand as workers extend a subway line to the city's west side.
“They're making sure that they're recovering every single fossil that could possibly show up,” Leger says of her team of monitors. “They call me anytime things are large and we need to lead an excavation.”
Since work on the extension began in 2014, fossilized remains have routinely turned up from creatures that roamed the grasslands and forests that covered the region during the last Ice Age, about 10,000 years ago.
They include a partial rabbit jaw, mastodon tooth, camel foreleg, bison vertebrae, and a tooth and ankle bone from a horse.
But the discovery that still makes Leger shake her head in disbelief came about a year ago, shortly after construction began on the project's second phase. She was at home getting ready for bed when a call came in from one of her monitors.
“It looks big,” he told her.
The next morning, Leger knelt at the site and recognized what appeared to be a partial elephant skull.
It turned out to be much more. After 15 hours of painstaking excavation, the team uncovered an intact skull of a juvenile mammoth.
“It's an absolute dream come true for me,” said Leger, who spent the previous decade at a South Dakota mammoth site with no discoveries even close to the size of the one in Los Angeles. “It's the one fossil you always want to find in your career.”
California's stringent environmental laws require scientists to be on hand at certain construction sites.
Paleontologists have staffed all L.A. subway digs beginning in the 1990s, when work started on the city's inaugural line, said Dave Sotero, spokesman for the Los Angeles County Metropolitan Transportation Authority.
Paying for the paleontologist staff from Cogstone Resource Management is factored into the project's cost, he said. When scientists are brought in to see what crews might have unearthed, work on the project continues, albeit in a different location.
“Our crews try to be as mindful as possible to help them do their jobs. We get out of their way,” Sotero said, adding that when the mammoth skull was uncovered, construction workers helped deliver it to the mouth of the site.
From there, the skull was hauled a mile or so to Los Angeles' La Brea Tar Pits and Museum, home to one of America's most fossil-rich sites.
Assistant curator Dr. Emily Lindsey called it a “pretty remarkable find,” noting that while thousands of dire wolf and saber-toothed cat remains have been uncovered in L.A., there have been only about 30 mammoths.
A few hundred pounds and the size of an easy chair, the skull is especially rare because both tusks were attached. It's being studied and is available for public viewing inside the museum's glass-walled Fossil Lab.
With a nod to Hollywood, the 8- to 12-year-old Colombian mammoth was named Hayden, for the actress Hayden Panettiere, featured in the TV series “Nashville” and “Heroes.”
The Cogstone monitor at the construction site had been watching her on television before spotting the speck of bone that turned out to be the intact skull.
Similar endeavors have turned up subterranean treasures during digs in other cities.
Workers at a San Diego construction site found fossils including parts of a mammoth and a gray whale and multiple layers of ancient seashells.
Last year, crews working on a development near Boston's seaport uncovered a 50-foot (15-meter) wooden boat possibly dating as far back as the late 18th century.
Lindsey praised California's efforts to ensure science and urban development overlap, while bemoaning what bygone treasures may have been lost before the regulations went into place in the early 1970s.
“Most of the past is below the ground, so you're only going to find it when you dig,” she said. “As the city grows, I'm sure we'll find more exciting fossil material.”
WASHINGTON -
Just six days into his presidency, Donald Trump was informed his national security adviser had misled his vice-president about contacts with Russia. Trump kept his No. 2 in the dark and waited nearly three weeks before ousting the aide, Michael Flynn, citing a slow but steady erosion of trust, White House officials said.
Flynn was interviewed by the FBI about his telephone conversations with Russia's ambassador to the U.S., a sign his ties to Russia had caught the attention of law enforcement officials.
But in the White House's retelling of Flynn's stunning downfall, his error was not that he discussed U.S. sanctions with the Russian before the inauguration — a potential violation of a rarely enforced law — but the fact that he denied it for weeks, apparently misleading Vice-President Mike Pence and other senior Trump aides about the nature of the conversations. White House officials said they conducted a thorough review of Flynn's interactions, including transcripts of calls secretly recorded by U.S. intelligence officials, but found nothing illegal.
Pence, who had vouched for Flynn in a televised interview, is said to have been angry and deeply frustrated.
And Trump lashed out at the news media Wednesday morning, sending out a tweet berating some news organizations for focusing on “This Russian connection non-sense.” In a post on his verified Twitter account, Trump said, “The fake news media is going crazy with their conspiracy theories and blind hatred.” He added that the news reporting was “merely an attempt to cover up the many mistakes made in Hillary Clinton's losing campaign.”
Trump also asserted in a tweet: “Information is being illegally given to the failing @nytimes & @washingtonpost by the intelligence community (NSA and FBI?). Just like Russia.”
At the White House Tuesday, press secretary Sean Spicer told reporters: “The evolving and eroding level of trust as a result of this situation and a series of other questionable incidents is what led the president to ask General Flynn for his resignation.”
Flynn, in an interview with The Daily Caller News Foundation, said Monday “there were no lines crossed” in his conversations with Russian Ambassador Sergey Kislyak.
The explanation of the episode left many questions unanswered, including why Trump didn't alert Pence to the matter and why Trump allowed Flynn to keep accessing classified information and taking part in the president's discussions with world leaders up until the day he was fired.
White House officials also struggled to explain why Trump counsellor Kellyanne Conway had declared the president retained “full confidence” in Flynn just hours before the adviser had to submit his letter of resignation.
Later Tuesday, The New York Times reported that U.S. agencies had intercepted phone calls last year between Russian intelligence officials and members of Donald Trump's 2016 campaign team. Current and former U.S. officials who spoke to the Times anonymously said they found no evidence that the Trump campaign was working with the Russians on hacking or other efforts to influence the election.
Flynn's firing heightened questions about the president's friendly posture toward Russia. Democrats called for investigations into Flynn's contacts, and Republican Sen. Lindsey Graham said Congress needed to know whether he had been acting with direction from the president or others.
Trump initially thought Flynn could survive the controversy, according to a person with direct knowledge of the president's views, but a pair of explosive stories in The Washington Post in recent days made the situation untenable. As early as last week, he and aides began making contingency plans for Flynn's dismissal, a senior administration official said. While the president was said to be upset with Flynn, he also expressed anger with other aides for “losing control” of the story and making his young administration look bad.
Pence spokesman Marc Lotter said Pence became aware that he had received “incomplete information” from Flynn only after the first Washington Post report Thursday night. Pence learned about the Justice Department warnings to the White House around the same time.
The officials and others with knowledge of the situation were not authorized to discuss the matter publicly and requested anonymity.
Ahead of the Jan. 20 inauguration, Pence and other officials insisted publicly that Flynn had not discussed sanctions in his talks with Russian Ambassador Sergey Kislyak. On Jan. 26, Acting Attorney General Sally Yates contacted White House counsel Don McGahn to raise concerns about discrepancies between the public accounting and what intelligence officials knew to be true about the contacts based on routine recordings of communications with foreign officials who are in the U.S.
The Justice Department warned the White House that the inconsistencies would leave the president's top national security aide vulnerable to blackmail from Russia, according to a person with knowledge of the discussion. The president was informed of the warnings the same day, Spicer said.
Flynn was interviewed by the FBI around the same time, according to a U.S. official who was briefed on the investigation.
It was not immediately known what questions the FBI asked of Flynn or what he told law enforcement officials.
McGahn, along with chief of staff Reince Priebus and strategist Steve Bannon, also questioned Flynn multiple times in the ensuing weeks, a White House official said. Top aides also reviewed transcripts of Flynn's contacts with the ambassador, according to a person with knowledge of the review process.
At the same time, the official said Trump aides began taking steps to put some distance between the president and Flynn. CIA Director Mike Pompeo and retired Lt. Gen. Keith Kellogg, a top Flynn aide, started taking part in Trump's daily security briefings.
Before resigning Monday night, Flynn told the investigative news non-profit affiliated with the website The Daily Caller that he and Kislyak spoke only generally about the Russian diplomats expelled by President Barack Obama as part of the previous administration's response to Moscow's interference in the U.S. presidential election.
“It wasn't about sanctions. It was about the 35 guys who were thrown out,” Flynn said. “It was basically: 'Look, I know this happened. We'll review everything.' I never said anything such as, 'We're going to review sanctions,' or anything like that.”
———
Associated Press writers Jonathan Lemire, Eric Tucker, Ken Thomas, Jill Colvin, Erica Werner and Catherine Lucey contributed to this report.
By Sean Speer, Special to Postmedia Network
What's common between Ottawa's budget last month and Queen's Park's upcoming budget later this month?
Both governments have thrown out conventional fiscal playbooks and are deliberately choosing to run budgetary deficits.
The latter is explicit about its fiscal choices. The former is cagier about what's behind its budget gap. But the outcome is the same: deficits are rising even though the economy is performing reasonably well.
It's an odd fiscal strategy. Previously governments incurred deficits due to unanticipated circumstances (such as wars or natural disasters) or poor economic conditions (such as the 2008/09 global recession) or even ambitious national projects (such as Confederation-era railroads).
Rarely, if ever, was deficit spending viewed as an end in itself. Few governments talked about deliberately spending more than they could afford as a goal in either good times or bad.
Yet that's what we have now. Deficits for deficits' sake seem to be the stated fiscal policies in Ottawa and Queen's Park. Failing to bring revenues and outlays into balance is now a virtue rather than a vice.
There are various factors that have contributed to this recent political preference for deficits.
But, it's important to recognize that this is principally about politics as the C.D. Howe Institute's Bill Robson has pointed out. There's little economic basis for running deliberate deficits in the current economic context.
Start with Ottawa. The federal budget boasts that the economy is growing — including 3% growth in the past year — and yet its year-over-year deficit is actually rising on the account of considerable, new spending.
Higher spending and in turn rising budgetary deficits seems to be the government's default fiscal policy irrespective of the circumstances or even the efficacy of current expenditures. Recent reports are that Ottawa's efforts to find “inefficiencies” have actually led to new spending.
This doesn't accord with most public finance thinking. While there's ongoing debate among economists about the utility and efficacy of fiscal stimulus during deep economic recessions, there's little mainstream support for rising deficits in periods of economic growth — especially when it's disconnected from any extenuating circumstances.
It's even more counter-intuitive when one considers that Ottawa's deficit is up in 2017-18 at 3% growth but then is slated to fall in subsequent years as economic projections decline slightly. What's the logic behind such a policy?
The risk, of course, is that deficit spending persists. It's a natural consequence of divorcing fiscal policy from economic theory or the business cycle or other typical considerations. Deficits invariably become the natural order of things.
Which brings us to Queen's Park. The government has just run deficits for a decade. The resulting run up in debt has been significant — in fact, the Parliamentary Budget Office recently highlighted the province's long-term fiscal unsustainability.
But it was to be on a different track now. The deficit was eliminated. A new, more disciplined fiscal policy was to take shape, as finance minister Charles Sousa set out in his November Economic and Fiscal Outlook.
It didn't last long. Now, just over 100 days later, the minister has announced his intention to return to deficit spending. He attributes it to the province's “strengthened fiscal position” which overlooks that overall debt levels continue to rise and its debt-to-GDP ratio has barely budged. It hardly seems justification to plunge back into deficit after a one-year hiatus.
Deficits should be extraordinary rather than ordinary. But, in Ottawa and at Queen's Park they've become far too familiar — and deliberate. It's time to dust off the old fiscal playbook.
Sean Speer is a Munk Senior Fellow at the Macdonald-Laurier Institute.
By Music News Group
ABC/Paula LoboRussell Crowe apparently had a hand in Ed Sheeran‘s collaboration with Eminem.
Ed tells Billboard the song, called “River,” was actually written at the actor's Australian home last year.
“I get an email from Paul Rosenberg, Eminem's manager, and he said, ‘We're gonna start putting the album together, send any ideas,'” Ed explains, adding that he already had an idea in mind.
Ed, who was in Australia at the time, adds, “So I used the studio at Russell's house… played the drums on it, and then played the guitar, and then recorded the thing and wrote the chorus and did the piano on it, and then sent it off and then didn't hear anything back. This was like March 2016.”
Over a year later, in May 2017, Ed got word that Eminem had recorded verses for the song. Ed says he got to meet Eminem in Detroit when he played there and described the rapper as “such a sweet, talented guy.”
Eminem's new album, Revival, is due out this Friday.
Copyright © 2017, ABC Radio. All rights reserved.
Comments
(CBS NEWS) – New details were released Monday about the tragic shooting death of a 13-year-old girl in Mississippi. A family member tells CBS News the shooting was accidental.
Monroe County officials say a 9-year-old boy shot his 13-year-old sister when she refused to hand over a video game controller.
“He went over to the night stand where there was a gun and he came up behind her and shot her,” says Sheriff Cecil Cantrell.
Cantrell says the boy's mother was home when he retrieved the gun which was left unsecured in her bedroom. The boy's aunt said that he thought the gun was fake and unloaded. She adds that he's a straight-A student and the siblings got along well.
“The parents of all families should have their guns and things put in a secure place,” said Cantrell.
Twenty two million U.S. children live in homes with a firearm. In nearly half of those homes, the weapons don't have a trigger lock and are easily accessible. While most parents don't think their kids know where they keep their guns, research shows about 75 percent knew just where they were stored, according to the Center for Injury Research and Policy.
We recently spoke to parent Paul Risen, who says tragic headlines of deliberate or accidental shootings is why he signed up his 9-year-old son Brody to learn about firearm safety. We saw him learn how to load and fire a .22-caliber handgun during a gun class for kids as young as 8.
“It was fun,” Brody says. “It felt good.”
Eric and Melissa Keller's sons are 9 and 11. They disagree with the idea that 8, 9 and 10 year olds are too young to learn to fire a handgun.
“We knew a lot about guns by 8 years old,” said Eric Keller.
Meanwhile, the sheriff's office says their investigation is still ongoing and right now they have not filed any charges against the 9-year-old boy or his mother.
EAST LANSING, Mich. (WOOD) — Interim Michigan State University President John Engler has named a vice president.
Engler named Carol Viventi, an MSU alumna, as vice president and special counsel to the president Friday night in a university release.
Viventi has served as deputy director of the Michigan Department of Civil Rights and secretary of the Michigan Senate.
She will start her new role Monday.
Engler was named interim president of MSU Wednesday during a board of trustees meeting, replacing Lou Anna K. Simon after her resignation.
>>PDF: Full details of Lou Anna Simon's contract
Simon and athletic director Mark Hollis have both stepped down from their positions amid increasing criticism of how the university handled complaints against former sports doctor Larry Nassar.
Share this: Email
Print
Facebook
Twitter
Google
Pinterest
More
LinkedIn
Tumblr
Reddit
This morning, fans of The Bachelor 2017 watched the Tournament of Roses Parade, and they were all expecting to see Nick Viall on the float. They watched patiently, and then the float for The Bachelor came on. However, everyone was shocked that Nick Viall was nowhere to be seen. The big premiere of his show is tonight, and Nick wasn't there doing what everyone expected. Where was Nick Viall? The best ‘Bachelor' float at the 2017 Rose Parade didn't come from the show itself https://t.co/mZgJwe6of4 — Brittany Cheng (@ChengBrittany) January 2, 2017 The float for The Bachelor showed a tropical location where Nick Viall will go on a date this season. It was the perfect place for Nick to be, but he wasn't around at all. Carter Matt shared why Nick Viall wasn't on the parade this year. In the past, the leading guy has always been there, but this year, it didn't happen. Normally, the Tournament of Roses Parade isn't the same day as The Bachelor 2017 premiere. It makes it easier for the lead to do press and the parade when they are not on the same day. So, why wasn't Nick Viall there? He was in New York today doing press for the show. Since the Tournament of Roses Parade ended up being the same day as his premiere, Nick had other things to do that kept him busy. The float was a bit of a letdown for fans who wanted to see Nick or a great couple like Carly Waddell and Evan Bass on it. It is very odd that they went to all of this work for the parade but didn't have the people the fans want to see on it. The Bachelor had a float at the Rose Parade. It's definitely a float. pic.twitter.com/HLAXIgVPpU — Mark (@tole_cover) January 2, 2017 Nick Viall was on Good Morning America today, which shows exactly what he was doing that kept him away. It was obviously a busy day for him, and he just couldn't fit in the parade. The float went by pretty fast, so the fans didn't get what they were hoping for at all. ABC News shared a bit about what Nick Viall revealed on Good Morning America today. He was asked about Elizabeth Sandoz, who Nick had a one-night stand with at Jade and Tanner's wedding, and Nick admitted to knowing her. Here is what Nick had to say about it. “Oh I definitely remembered, yeah. At that point, I had already met about 14 other women… Your head is kind of spinning. And so she came out, I was like ‘Huh?' and then she took an interesting approach, which you'll have to watch tonight. But she didn't say her name so the whole time I'm like, ‘I'm pretty sure it's you.” Nick Viall got some advice this morning from Ali Fedotowsky and Desiree Hartsock. He also shared that a few of the guys have given him advice. That will air on tonight's episode. Here is what Nick had to say about it. “I'm good friends with Chris Soules and Ben Higgins, and they kind of prepped me like, ‘It sounds great, but it's really hard because you want to give everyone your attention. You want to make sure that they feel comfortable and welcome and they want to get to know you, so you're just trying to remember what you should say, or not say. So, it's hard, and they weren't kidding.” Were you shocked to see that Nick Viall wasn't on the float for The Bachelor 2017 today? Did you think that this was a big mistake on their part? Sounds off in the comments section below with your thoughts, and don't miss the big premiere of The Bachelor 2017 tonight on ABC. It will be great to see if Nick can finally find love. [Featured Image by Joe Scarnici/Getty Images]
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
TRAX JH have been named Powys Business of the Year 2017.
The company, which has factories in both Welshpool and Newtown, picked up the top award at a glittering awards night at the NPTC Campus in Newtown.
“It is an incredible win for us,” Trax JH managing director Adam Watkin said as he and his team picked up the top prize on the night.
Trax wheel balance weights are made by Trax JH Ltd, one of Europe's largest balance weight producers.
The hosts for the 2017 Powys Business Awards were TV presenters Lucy and Rhodri Owen.
The County Times was proud to sponsor the Start-up Business Award.
Other winners on the night were:
Small Business (Under 30 employees) Award, Evabuild, of Newtown.
Excellence in Quality Management Award, Plant I, of Machynlleth.
Excellence in Environmental Management Award, Llangoed Hall, Brecon.
Micro Business (Under 10 employees) Award, Varleys, of Newtown.
Start-up Business Award, Soccerholics R Us, of Meifod and Welshpool.
Entrepreneurship Award, Nick Sanders' Expedition Centre, of Machynlleth.
Outstanding Apprentice Award, Matt Price, Compact Orbital Gears, of Rhayader.
Social Enterprise / Charity Award, Calan Domestic Violence Services, of Brecon.
Growth Award, SWG Construction (Build and Renovate), of Welshpool.
International Trade Award, Trax JH, of Newtown.
For pictures of all the winners and more details of the big night out, see this week's County times.
related media assets (image or videos) available. Click to see the gallery.
2 related media assets (image or videos) available. Click to see the gallery.
The prosecution and Bill Cosby's defence team are expected to begin closing arguments on Tuesday in his retrial on charges of drugging and raping a onetime friend, one of more than 50 women who have accused the comedian of sexual assault over the years.
NORRISTOWN, Pa.: Evidence of being a serial rapist finally caught up with Bill Cosby after decades of assaulting women and hiding behind his kindly television persona, prosecutors told a Pennsylvania jury on Tuesday in closing arguments of his sexual assault trial.
"The defendant spent years and years and years building up a bank of trust. He used it every time he sexually assaulted one of his victims," Montgomery County Assistant District Attorney Stewart Ryan told the jury. "The time for the defendant to escape justice is over."
With evidence and closing arguments concluded, the jury of seven men and five women was due to begin deliberations on Wednesday to decide whether to convict Cosby, 80, on trial on three counts of aggravated indecent assault of Andrea Constand, 45, at his home outside Philadelphia in January 2004.
In his first trial last year, 12 different jurors deliberated five and a half days before declaring themselves deadlocked.
Some 50 women have accused Cosby, the once-beloved comedian and TV dad, of sexual assault going back decades, but only Constand's case was recent enough to be prosecuted.
Cosby has denied wrongdoing, saying any sexual contact was consensual.
Advertisement
Advertisement
Last time only Constand and one other accuser were allowed to testify. In this trial, five other women took the stand, each saying they, like Constand, had been drugged and violated by the man who played the genial Dr. Heathcliff Huxtable on "The Cosby Show" in the 1980s.
In their closing arguments, defence lawyers attacked the credibility of women who testified against him, drawing a stern rebuke from prosecutors who said such shaming of victims was the reason women do not report sex crimes.
Defence lawyer Thomas Mesereau labelled Constand "a pathological liar" and reminded the jury she continued to call Cosby after the alleged assault. He declared Cosby "must be acquitted on all counts."
Co-counsel Kathleen Bliss then assailed the five other accusers who testified, saying they fabricated stories in search of money and fame.
"What is this case about? Money, press conferences, TV shows, salacious coverage, ratings. Sex sells," Bliss said.
When the prosecution got its opportunity, Assistant District Attorney Kristen Feden turned attention not just to Cosby but also to Bliss, calling the defence lawyer's attack on the accusers "shameful, utterly shameful."
His wife of more than 50 years, Camille Cosby, attended court for the first time since the trial began on April 9, watching the defence summation. Constand was there to see the prosecution closing statement.
(Reporting by David DeKok; writing by Daniel Trotta; editing by Cynthia Osterman and James Dalgleish)
Courtesy of Gary Hall Sr., 10-time World Record Holder, 3-time Olympian, 1976 Olympic Games US Flagbearer and The Race Club co-founder.
Frontal drag is the number one enemy of the swimmer. Swimming is arguably the most technique sensitive sport on the planet. With water being some 800 times denser than air, the frontal drag forces that slow swimmers down come into play at much slower speeds than all other sports on land. For that reason, in order to become fast, we must learn how to reduce frontal drag as much as possible.
There are three types of frontal drag; friction, pressure (form) drag and surface (wave) drag. Researchers have shown that all three can contribute significantly to the slowing of a swimmer. In any given medium, including water, the frontal drag forces of an object are determined by its shape, its surface texture (friction) and its speed squared. Here are ten good ways to help reduce frontal drag.
1 – Keep the body aligned.
A curved body creates more frontal drag than a straight body. While some curve in our body is needed in order to create more propulsion, such as during the hip undulation in the dolphin kick, it is important that we bend, but not break the body. Too much curve or too much angle of one of our appendages sticking out causes an enormous increase in frontal drag. Keeping the body aligned requires having a tight core.
2 – Keep the head down.
Keeping the head down helps keep it in alignment with the body, but more importantly, a head down also can help reduce surface or wave drag. There is actually less drag underwater than on the surface of the water (think of a submarine), because we eliminate surface drag. Frontal drag is proportional to our speed squared, so ideally, we would like to see the head submerged during the fastest point in the stroke cycle, which I call the surge point. All four strokes have a surge point where the head should be underwater, even if it is slightly so.
3 – Pull underwater with a high elbow.
In the pulling motion of all four strokes, the upper arm is the ‘bad cop', causing most of the frontal drag. By keeping the elbow nearer to the surface (except it backstroke) and more in alignment with our body's motion, we can reduce, but not eliminate, the frontal drag caused by the forward motion of the upper arm during the pull.
4 – Wear the fastest technology racing suit possible.
The records set in 2008 and 2009 convinced all of us that the suits really matter. Even today, the best suits help reduce friction and keep the body tighter to reduce frontal drag.
5 – Shave all the hair from your body.
Although this is generally not done (or recommended) until post puberty, when significantly more hair grows on the body, shaving the entire body will reduce friction and make us slicker and faster.
6- Streamline off the start and all turns.
Getting into the tightest streamline possible creates a huge advantage when you are moving fast. The fastest point you will reach in a swimming race (about 15 mph) is when the fingertips touch the water off the starting block. The second fastest is when your toes leave the wall on each turn (6-8 mph). At either time, because of the exponential relationship between speed and frontal drag, you had better get into the tightest streamline possible.
7 – Keep your kick tight.
In freestyle, backstroke and breaststroke, the kick must be tight in order to help reduce frontal drag. With the former two, that means not bending the knees too much and in breaststroke, it means keeping the knees at or inside the hips.
8 – Double cap.
Covering up that thick head of hair and creating a new surface for your head with the reduced friction of silicone is another good way to reduce drag. Most athletes today will double cap, leaving the goggle straps between the first and second caps. The outer cap should be a thicker silicone material to maintain its smoothness.
9 – Wear low profile goggles.
Racing goggles should be strapped on tighter to the face and are a little smaller and sleeker than larger training goggles. The less they protrude from your face, the better.
10 – Point your toes.
One of them most common mistakes made on the start is not pointing the toes at entry. A German study recently showed that a relaxed foot creates 40% more frontal drag than a pointed toe. In general, the less splash one makes on the dive entry, the less frontal drag. The other common strokes where the relaxed foot causes more frontal drag is at the end of the breaststroke kick and the down kick in dolphin. In either case, keep the toes pointed backward to reduce drag.
If you successfully comply with all of the above, you will graduate from being a swimmer, one who slogs through the water, to become a much faster ‘swipper', a swimmer that slips through the water. Let's hope you become a ‘swipper'!
Yours in swimming,
Gary Sr.
Originally posted Feb 24, 2016
Like The Race Club on Facebook
Follow The Race Club on Instagram
Follow The Race Club on Twitter
Connect to The Race Club / Gary Hall Sr. on Linkedin
[email protected]
See The Race Club HQ here.
Because Life is Worth Swimming, our mission is to promote swimming through sport, lifelong enjoyment, and good health benefits. Our objective is for each member of and each participant in The Race Club to improve his or her swimming performances, health, and self-esteem through our educational programs, services and creativity. We strive to help each member of The Race Club overcome challenges and reach his or her individual life goals.
BOGOTA: The United States vowed on Monday (Aug 14) to stop Venezuela from becoming a "failed state," as it rallied Latin American allies after President Donald Trump warned of possible military action.
US Vice President Mike Pence met in a church in Cartagena, Colombia with Venezuelan families who have fled their country's deadly crisis, as he wrapped up the first stop on a Latin American tour.
"We will not stand by as Venezuela crumbles, but it's important to note, as the president said, that a failed state in Venezuela threatens the security and prosperity of the hemisphere," Pence told reporters.
He told CNN in an interview that Venezuela risked becoming "a greater problem for narcotics traffic" and "greater migration" - both of which he said directly threatened the security and economy of the US.
Pence later boarded his plane to fly to Argentina, the second stop on a tour that will also take him to Chile and Panama.
On Sunday, Pence stood by Trump's threat, saying the US president "says what he means and means what he says." But he expressed hope a "peaceable solution" could be found on Venezuela.
Advertisement
Advertisement
'POSSIBLE MILITARY OPTION'
Trump on Friday said he was mulling a range of scenarios for crisis-hit Venezuela - "including a possible military option if necessary."
Caracas condemned the comment. On Monday, Venezuela Defence Minister General Vladimir Padrino called it "crazy" and showed America had "dropped its mask" in terms of wanting to attack his country.
The rest of Latin America - even countries that condemn President Nicolas Maduro's attacks on Venezuela's democratic institutions - have strongly rejected the threat.
China, which is owed billions in debt by Venezuela, also spoke out against foreign interference in other countries.
Colombian President Juan Manuel Santos had told Pence on arrival "that the possibility of a military intervention shouldn't even be considered."
Many Latin American countries have bitter memories of past US adventures in the region. Those include invasions, gunboat diplomacy and the propping up of military dictators.
Washington has already imposed unilateral sanctions on Maduro and nearly two dozen of his officials.
The sanctions were in response to their establishment of a new loyalist body, an all-powerful Constituent Assembly, that supersedes the legislature controlled by the opposition.
NO ORDERS TO PENTAGON
Trump's stated possibility of a US military operation looked likely to shadow Pence at every stop, eclipsing bilateral issues, especially trade, that he was raising along the way.
However the US defence officials at the Pentagon said on Monday they had not received any orders from the White House on a military option against Venezuela.
"I can't speculate what that is because we haven't been asked to provide any options," Pentagon spokesman Colonel Rob Manning said.
Maduro's regime has nevertheless seized on Trump's threat as proof of its claim that the United States wants to topple the current leftist government to get its hands on Venezuela's oil reserves, the largest in the world.
The Venezuelan opposition coalition on Sunday also rejected "the use of force, or the threat of applying such force, by whatever country against Venezuela." The coalition is seeking to oust Maduro through early elections.
Venezuela's economy is heavily reliant on its oil exports. Shipments to the United States - its biggest customer - account for 40 per cent of its crude production, but only eight per cent of US oil imports.
The US sanctions so far have targeted individuals and not Venezuela's oil industry, which would have consequences for US refineries.
The Academic Staff Union of Universities in Nigeria (ASUU) has commenced an indefinite nationwide strike due to the Federal Government's failure to fulfill the 2009 agreement made with the union.
Prof. Biodun Ogunyemi, President of the union disclosed this at a news conference on Monday in Abuja.
Ogunyemi said the decision to embark on the industrial action was resolved at its emergency National Executive Council meeting held on Aug. 12.
According to him, during the strike, “there shall be no teaching, no examination and no attendance of statutory meetings of any kind in any of our branches till government meets the union's demands “.
The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that the industrial action actually took effect from Aug. 13.
““The foundation of development of any nation lies on its attention to education. No nation can grow beyond the level of its educational development.
“”Any genuine move to transform Nigeria into an economically viable and politically stable country must begin with a firm commitment to an all round transformation of the country's education.
“”ASUU has been vociferous on the primacy of the university education system because it is the repository of ideas for invention, innovation and national transformation.
““It is, however, disappointing that despite the prime importance of university education, the political class in Nigeria has continued to pay mere lip-service to addressing to lose the little gains achieved from the struggles of ASUU,'' he said.
The ASUU president stated that the Wale Babalakin-led committee set up by the Federal Government lacked the powers to resolve the issue as there were unimplemented items in the 2009 agreement.
He said that government had ignored the system, stressing that the political class had also shifted attention to sending their wards to private universities and universities abroad leaving public universities in Nigeria to collapse.
“”Among the issues in current disputes involved in the 2009 agreement and 2013 MOU are funding for the revitalisation of public universities and earned academic allowances.
“Others include registration of Nigerian Universities Pension Management Company (NUPEMCO), University staff school, fractionalisation and non payment of salaries,'' Ogunyemi said.
Ogunyemi, however, called on all patriots to prevail on owners of public universities to be alive to their responsibilities, adding that Nigerian university system should be given the attention they deserve.
NAN recalls that in Jan., President Muhammadu Buhari approved a 16-man committee, headed by Dr Wale Babalakin, to renegotiate the 2009 Federal Government agreement with the staff unions in the Federal Universities, Polytechnics and Colleges of Education.
The committee was constituted with a view to engendering sustainable peace and industrial harmony in tertiary institutions. (NAN)
Like this: Like Loading...
After several months of saying she would reveal her sexual harasser, “Kill Bill” star Uma Thurman has detailed how Harvey Weinstein forced himself on her in a London hotel. She has also described how working with Quentin Tarantino on “Kill Bill” extracted its own form of non-sexual abuse that left her injured and irate.
In a New York Times article by Maureen Dowd, Thurman added that she holds her CAA agents responsible. She tells how, after the success of “Pulp Fiction,” “the bathrobe came out” when Weinstein asked her to meet him at his Paris hotel and then led her to the steam room, which she quickly exited.
Not long after, she met him at the Savoy Hotel in London, where she alleges, “He pushed me down. He tried to shove himself on me. He tried to expose himself. He did all kinds of unpleasant things. But he didn't actually put his back into it and force me.”
A rep for Weinstein has responded that her claims about being physically assaulted are “untrue.”
Thurman returned to the hotel soon after and threatened to expose what he had done, but, she recounted, Weinstein said he would derail her career, leaving her shaken and upset.
Related Scotland Yard Received Two New Assault Claims Against Harvey Weinstein BAFTA Terminates Harvey Weinstein's Membership
Thurman also said that she feels bad that so many women were later abused by Weinstein and that in some way, they may have trusted him because actresses like herself were willing to continue to work with him.
Weinstein confirmed to the New York Times that he had apologized to Thurman at the time for what called “misreading her signals.” CAA apologized recently to clients who were “let down.”
Thurman also described how working with Tarantino on “Kill Bill” left her feeling devastated after a dangerous stunt driving scene that was pictured in her Thanksgiving Instagram post. Though Tarantino had earlier confronted Weinstein on her behalf, Thurman said her working relationship with Tarantino was ruined his demands during the shoot. He asked that she do a driving scene with no stuntperson, and Thurman felt she was in danger driving the modified Karmann Ghia. She said the seat wasn't screwed down properly when the car drifted off the road and smashed into a palm tree.
Miramax would only show her the footage of the accident if she signed a release from liability, which she refused.
“When they turned on me after the accident,” she told Dowd, “I went from being a creative contributor and performer to being like a broken tool.”
After 15 years, she finally succeeded in getting the footage back from Tarantino that could help her prove what happened on the set. But she said that offered little comfort as she still suffers from neck and knee damage.
Harvey Weinstein's rep issued a statement on his behalf, enclosing a number of photos of the two of them together which they said “demonstrated the strong relationship” between Weinstein and Thurman.
“Mr. Weinstein acknowledges making an awkward pass 25 years ago at Ms. Thurman in England after misreading her signals, after a flirtatious exchange in Paris, for which he immediately apologized and deeply regrets. However, her claims about being physically assaulted are untrue. And this is the first time we have heard those details.
There was no physical contact during Mr. Weinstein's awkward pass and Mr. Weinstein is saddened and puzzled as to “why” Ms. Thurman, someone he considers a colleague and a friend, waited 25 years to make these allegations public, noting that he and Ms. Thurman have shared a very close and mutually beneficial working relationship where they have made several very successful film projects together.”
The rep said Weinstein's attorney Ben Brafman would offer a more detailed response later.
When Ref Rodriguez ran for his seat on the Los Angeles school board, opponents accused him of underpaying the lowest-wage workers at the charter-school group he helped found.
His supporters quickly countered with testimonials on mailers — from three of the charter schools' janitors.
“Don't believe the lies you've heard about Ref Rodriguez,” one of them, Maria Hernandez, said in the mailer. “I have worked for Ref Rodriguez for 15 years and he has always done right by me.”
These janitors who so wholeheartedly backed their boss also are connected to the criminal case now plaguing the school board member — who has been charged with three felonies and more than two dozen misdemeanors.
Prosecutors allege Rodriguez laundered $24,250 in campaign money by listing people — including these janitors — as individual donors to his campaign when he actually paid them back for the money they donated.
A charter school principal also gave a testimonial and is on the list of alleged reimbursed donors.
“This looks bad,” said Jack Pitney, a professor of government at Claremont McKenna College. When the same people who provided testimonials turn out to be employees who gave suspect donations, “at very least, it creates a politically damaging appearance of impropriety.”
Rodriguez is holding on to his board seat but stepped down as board president last month, a week after he was charged. Since then, he's declined to discuss the case publicly.
The 2015 campaign between Rodriguez and incumbent Bennett Kayser was heated and sometimes got nasty.
Most of the low blows were paid for by outside groups, not controlled by the candidates. The pro-Rodriguez effort was spearheaded by the political arm of the California Charter Schools Assn., whose mailers falsely accused Kayser of trying “to stop Latino children from attending schools in white neighborhoods.”
Kayser was trying to retain a seat in a district where a majority of voters are Latino. The teachers union, which supported him, fought back by trying to tar Rodriguez's reputation.
One attempt was a mailer, sent out in English and Spanish, asserting that “it would take a custodial worker at a Refugio Rodriguez school nearly 12 years to make what he pays himself every year.”
The pro-Rodriguez campaign responded with the three janitors, misleadingly described as employees of the Los Angeles Unified School District. All were employees of Partnerships to Uplift Communities or PUC Schools, which was co-founded by Rodriguez. Though they are public schools, charters are independent organizations.
The mailers had janitor Carlos Villagomez allude to Kayser's opposition to some charter schools. “Bennett Kayser voted to close down great schools serving our community's poorest children,” Villagomez was quoted as saying. “Now his allies are lying about how Ref Rodriguez treats his janitors.”
Added fellow janitor Socorro Villagomez: “Ref Rodriguez's parents were janitors who hailed from Jalisco, Mexico, and who worked hard to put him through school. Ref knows as well as anybody how important it is to treat workers well.”
In another flier, Carlos Villagomez — this time identified as an employee of Excel Academy, a PUC school — again accused Kayser of trying “close down great schools.”
Pro-Rodriguez campaign mailer Carlos Villagomez appeared in a second mailer on behalf of school board challenger Ref Rodriguez that suggested incumbent Bennett Kayser was anti-Latino. Carlos Villagomez appeared in a second mailer on behalf of school board challenger Ref Rodriguez that suggested incumbent Bennett Kayser was anti-Latino. (Pro-Rodriguez campaign mailer)
“If Bennett Kayser had his way,” he said, “I wouldn't have a job and this school would be shut down. Ref Rodriguez has always had the best interest of the workers and the children at heart.”
A third mailer relies on a testimonial from Nancy Villagomez, who is identified as a middle school principal. “Ref is a passionate advocate for helping all students — regardless of what neighborhood they live in — succeed,” she said. “No candidate has done more to turn around failing schools and improve graduation rates.”
Nancy Villagomez was — and still is — a principal at a PUC school. It is unclear whether she is related to the Villagomez janitors. She donated $900 to the Rodriguez campaign in late December 2014. In that same period, Carlos and Socorro Villagomez, who each earned about $10,000 from their PUC jobs in 2014, donated $1,000 apiece. Maria Hernandez donated $800. Rodriguez allegedly reimbursed all of these donations.
Of the 25 contributions to Rodriguez's campaign that prosecutors allege were illegal, 13 came from employees at Rodriguez's charter organization. Of these 13, as many as nine were relatives of Rodriguez, according to PUC administrators, who reviewed internal files in response to a public records request from The Times. Without identifying individuals, they said PUC employs 14 Rodriguez relatives in a workforce of 900.
Francine Orr / Los Angeles Times School board member Ref Rodriguez and his cousin are accused of recruiting relatives and employees of his charter schools to make large campaign donations for which they were illegally reimbursed. School board member Ref Rodriguez and his cousin are accused of recruiting relatives and employees of his charter schools to make large campaign donations for which they were illegally reimbursed. (Francine Orr / Los Angeles Times)
Rodriguez left his $192,610-a-year position at PUC shortly after he joined the school board in 2015.
Kathy Feng, executive director of California Common Cause, an ethics watchdog group, said employee donors are worrisome.
“There's been a long history of coercion of employees to take political positions or make donations at the direction of their employers,” Feng said. “There is a power relationship. A staff person might feel compelled to donate regardless of how they might feel personally about a candidate or a campaign.”
In 2014, Rodriguez was a senior executive at PUC; his co-defendant in the alleged conspiracy is his cousin Elizabeth Tinajero Melendrez, who was a PUC administrator. According to prosecutors, Rodriguez asked Melendrez to solicit donors and then use his money to reimburse them.
PUC's other co-founder, Jacqueline Elliot, who remains a senior PUC executive, said she had no knowledge of any improper donations until the charges were filed.
It is not known whether Rodriguez or anyone in his campaign worked with the pro-charter group in obtaining the testimonials. Such coordination between a candidate's official campaign and an independent-expenditure campaign would be illegal but would be difficult to prove, experts say.
Nancy Villagomez did not respond to attempts to reach her Friday by phone and email. Maria Hernandez also could not be reached. Rodriguez did not respond to questions submitted Friday afternoon to his lawyer and his board office.
Approached outside their home as they got in their car Thursday, Carlos and Socorro Villagomez were less effusive than during the campaign.
Carlos Villagomez said they spoke no English, but both refused to answer questions posed in Spanish. Socorro Villagomez said they just worked at PUC and knew nothing about the criminal case. Carlos Villagomez said only their attorney could respond. They would not provide the name of their attorney.
“We have to go to work,” Carlos Villagomez said in English, as they drove off.
CAPTION The Las Vegas gunman researched outdoor performance areas in other large cities in recent months. Harvey Weinstein will take a leave of absence from his film studio after reports of sexual harassment.Gov. Jerry Brown signed a landmark bill declaring California a "sanctuary state." USC announced Thursday that the head of its medical school was out. Credits: Getty / KTLA The Las Vegas gunman researched outdoor performance areas in other large cities in recent months. Harvey Weinstein will take a leave of absence from his film studio after reports of sexual harassment.Gov. Jerry Brown signed a landmark bill declaring California a "sanctuary state." USC announced Thursday that the head of its medical school was out. Credits: Getty / KTLA CAPTION The Las Vegas gunman researched outdoor performance areas in other large cities in recent months. Harvey Weinstein will take a leave of absence from his film studio after reports of sexual harassment.Gov. Jerry Brown signed a landmark bill declaring California a "sanctuary state." USC announced Thursday that the head of its medical school was out. Credits: Getty / KTLA The Las Vegas gunman researched outdoor performance areas in other large cities in recent months. Harvey Weinstein will take a leave of absence from his film studio after reports of sexual harassment.Gov. Jerry Brown signed a landmark bill declaring California a "sanctuary state." USC announced Thursday that the head of its medical school was out. Credits: Getty / KTLA CAPTION The girlfriend of the gunman who killed 58 people in Las Vegas has broken her silence. Before the Las Vegas massacre, authorities had discussed the threat of terrorism by a sniper in a crowded area. The L.A. City Council voted in February to decriminalize sidewalk vending. Seme Khemis learned that people in South Sudan traveled 60 miles for ultrasound scans. Credits: Getty / Sara Hylton / KTLA The girlfriend of the gunman who killed 58 people in Las Vegas has broken her silence. Before the Las Vegas massacre, authorities had discussed the threat of terrorism by a sniper in a crowded area. The L.A. City Council voted in February to decriminalize sidewalk vending. Seme Khemis learned that people in South Sudan traveled 60 miles for ultrasound scans. Credits: Getty / Sara Hylton / KTLA CAPTION Body camera footage from the Las Vegas Metropolitan Police Department taken during the shooting on Oct. 1. Body camera footage from the Las Vegas Metropolitan Police Department taken during the shooting on Oct. 1. CAPTION The gunman who attacked the Las Vegas music festival had cameras set up outside his room. Trump visited Puerto Rico on Tuesday, after Hurricane Maria swept through the island two weeks ago. Three billion Yahoo accounts were affected by a massive data breach — three times as many as initially reported. The Nobel Prize in Chemistry was awarded to three researchers for their work on electron microscopy. Credits: EPA, Getty, Hillary Guzik, KTLA, Sarya Stukes The gunman who attacked the Las Vegas music festival had cameras set up outside his room. Trump visited Puerto Rico on Tuesday, after Hurricane Maria swept through the island two weeks ago. Three billion Yahoo accounts were affected by a massive data breach — three times as many as initially reported. The Nobel Prize in Chemistry was awarded to three researchers for their work on electron microscopy. Credits: EPA, Getty, Hillary Guzik, KTLA, Sarya Stukes CAPTION At least 50 are dead and 200 injured after a shooting on the Las Vegas strip. Heartbreakers frontman Tom Petty died Monday at 66. Portraits are emerging of those killed in Las Vegas. L.A. decriminalized sidewalk vending to protect immigrants from deportation. Credits: Getty / KTLA At least 50 are dead and 200 injured after a shooting on the Las Vegas strip. Heartbreakers frontman Tom Petty died Monday at 66. Portraits are emerging of those killed in Las Vegas. L.A. decriminalized sidewalk vending to protect immigrants from deportation. Credits: Getty / KTLA
howard.blume@latimes.com
Twitter: @howardblume
The site for Putney and Roehampton residents - and anyone planning to buy in Putney, eat or shop in SW15. For more on our aims, click here.
If you are viewing this text, your browser lacks the ability to read frames. Although you will need a browser that can handle frames to use our site, you can idea of the site by following some of the links below.
The front page contains all the latest information on Putney and Roehampton.
Our main sections are:
INFORMATION
We have comprehensive information on Putney including with schools and local councils. Our Calendar and events section lists events in Putney and Roehampton.
SERVICES
Our aim is created a comprehensive listing of anything you might need in the local area. This information will be kept up-to-date, and is always available via your computer.
PROPERTY
When you're seriously looking to buy or let, you need to know EVERYTHING that's available. That's where we make the difference. We already have over 600 houses for sale or to let in Putney, listed on our database, which is searchable by price/rent and number of bedrooms.
Related Coverage Grand Island residents put the brakes on proposed truck stop
GRAND ISLAND, N.Y. (WIVB) — The Grand Island Town Supervisor is taking new action to keep a multi-billion dollar national chain from opening a truck stop and welcome center on 21 acres of green space.
Last month, Love's Travel Shops and Country Stores pitched a $12 million project for Whitehaven Road to the town board, despite backlash from dozens of Grand Islanders.
The company says the truck stop would create up to 60 jobs and generate millions of dollars in sales tax revenue.
Supervisor Nathan McMurray told News 4, almost everyone on the island is against the proposal.
He's now proposing a law they would put a stop to any new travel plazas and truck stops on the island.
“It would be impossible to build what they hinted that they were interested in building which would be a giant full scale travel stop. For all intensive purposes it'll (the proposal) be dead,” said McMurray.
Environmentalists say they need to protect the land for conservation, claiming that Grand Island is a fragile ecosystem.
Several have indicated there are other places nearby where a truck stop would be more fitting.
“There are plenty of areas near Niagara Falls, Buffalo that could accommodate this, that are already concreted and cemented over, so why would we want to waste beautiful green space and make it into something that huge,” said a Grand Island Resident at Monday's public hearing.
McMurray says although this law is intended to nix the Love's proposal, he fears the company will fight back.
“They have great lawyers, they have great consultants that can jump through hoops and find ways around things, but I want them to know they are going to face a fierce opposition on Grand Island.”
The Town Board has nine days until they can vote on the proposed law. McMurray is confident the law will pass.
Mr. Gideon Ayodele, the Special Adviser (Media) to embattled senator representing Kogi West Senatorial District, Dino Melaye, said the lawmaker did not evade arrest by the police.
Ayodele in statement in Abuja on Tuesday said: “For the avoidance of doubt, Senator (Dino) Melaye had never evaded police invitation before now, because there was none extended to him in the first place.
“Rather, what the Police Force Public Relations Officer, Mr. Jimoh Moshood, had been doing was to summon the senator through media briefings, a practice unconventional.”
The News Agency of Nigeria reports that the Nigeria Police had, on Monday, laid siege to residence of the lawmaker.
However, a statement earlier on Tuesday quoted the police as saying that Melaye, as law-abiding citizen, voluntarily submitted himself to operatives of the Special Anti-Robbery Squad who laid siege to his private residence since around 3.35 p.m. of Monday, April 23, 2018.
The statement added, “He (Melaye), along with his lawyers and personal aides, were driven in his private car to the SARS office in Guzape District of Abuja, among numerous police vehicles earlier deployed to his house.
“With the media hype the whole saga generated, especially his unwarranted travails in the hands of immigration officials at the Nnamdi Azikiwe International Airport, Abuja, on Monday; and the attendant but dramatic police siege to his private residence thereafter, it became necessary for Melaye to end the drama, hence his choice to appear before the police.”
Melaye's aide said, “We are constrained to make the record straight, sequel to the avalanche of calls by well-meaning Nigerians and supporters.”
This statement was originally published on gc4hr.org on 29 November 2017.
On International Women Human Rights Defenders (WHRDs) Day, marked every year on 29 November, the Gulf Centre for Human Rights (GCHR) calls upon governments and armed groups in the MENA region to free all detained WHRDs. Women across the region face many obstacles to their work, including threats, harassment, torture, jail, travel bans and other violations that prevent them from carrying out their work freely. GCHR asks supporters to join the campaign in support of WHRDs worldwide by tweeting #SheDefends.
In Saudi Arabia, women have been legally harassed and detained for protesting the guardianship system and for exercising their right to drive - a right that was only granted this year, but won't be implemented until June 2018. On 31 July 2017, Saudi woman human rights defender Mariam Al-Otaibi was released from prison after more than 100 days. She immediately said in a tweet, "You can accomplish what your mind has prepared you for and what you have been able to do, just do not let others think you cannot :) #Maryam_Free_Without a Guardian."
GCHR welcomed this news with great enthusiasm, however unfortunately the precedent of arrest is stronger than the precedent of freedom when it comes to issues related to women in Saudi Arabia. It has been proven in several studies such as the UN Special Rapporteur on Extreme Poverty and Human Rights' recent report, that the only way Saudi Arabia's economy will be stabilised is if Saudi women are given their basic rights to not only drive but also work, and have the freedom to choose how their lives should fold out. If Saudi Arabia is serious about empowering women through Vision 2030, then it must allow WHRDs to carry out their work without restrictions - not just by letting them drive, but by letting them carry out advocacy without fear of going to jail or being banned from travel. This can only happen with the abolishment of the guardianship system as well as the general improvement of a more rights-oriented system. Silencing women activists continues as many of them who campaigned to lift the driving ban were warned by the Royal Court against making comments in the media or on their social media accounts.
It's not possible for human rights defenders to work freely in Saudi Arabia right now, with almost all of them in jail or ceasing work.
Most recently, on 10 November 2017, the Specialised Criminal Court (SCC) in Riyadh sentenced woman human rights defender and Internet activist Naima Al-Matrood to six years in jail followed by six years of a travel ban. Al-Matrood was arrested on 13 April 2016 at the Directorate of Public Investigation in Al-Dammam. She was charged with allegedly participating in a number of anti-state demonstrations and rallies, being linked to a media cell, and violating public order by creating two social networking accounts on Twitter and Facebook to demand the release of some detainees. Al-Matrood has actively contributed to the peaceful human rights movement in the Eastern Province. Her health is deteriorating because of anemia, which has caused her vision to weaken.
In Iran, many people who campaign for women's rights have been jailed and the country treats WHRDs more harshly than others, jailing them for lengthy sentences despite illness and separating them from their families.
Atena Daemi, who has campaigned for women's rights and against the death penalty, has been imprisoned since November 2016 after being convicted of charges that were based solely on her peaceful human rights activities. She was first arrested on 21 October 2014 and held for several months in Evin prison, including 51 days in solitary confinement, before being released on bail in February 2015. In May 2015, a Revolutionary Court in Tehran sentenced Daemi to 14 years in prison after an unfair trial lasting only 15 minutes. The court convicted her of charges including "gathering and colluding to commit crimes against national security", "spreading propaganda against the system", and "insulting the Supreme Leader". Her sentence was later reduced to seven years on appeal. Daemi was re-arrested on 26 November 2016 by Revolutionary Guards officials who beat and pepper sprayed her, and punched her sister.
Also in Iran, Narges Mohammadi, former Vice-President of the Defenders of Human Rights Centre (DHRC) and President of the Executive Committee of the National Council of Peace in Iran, remains in prison. She was awarded the Andrei Sakharov Prize (2017) from the the American Physical Society. On 28 September 2016, Mohammadi's sentence was upheld by the Tehran Court of Appeals. On 17 May, she received a 10-year sentence for "membership in the Step by Step to Stop the Death Penalty" (known by the acronym LEGAM). LEGAM is a group campaigning against the death penalty in Iran that Mohammadi founded and which has been closed since her arrest. In addition to her 10-year sentence, she received five years for alleged "collusion and assembly against national security" and one year for "spreading propaganda against the system."
In June and July 2016, Mohammadi went on hunger strike to protest restrictions on her contact with her two children. "I am asking for nothing other than being allowed to talk to my children on the phone. If this demand is too great, irrational, immoral, unlawful, or against national security, please let me know," said Mohammadi in an open letter published by the International Campaign for Human Rights in Iran.
Even after their release, WHRDs remain imprisoned in their country, unable to leave due to travel bans. Iranian human rights lawyer Nasrin Sotoudeh, co-winner of the 2012 Sakharov Prize for Freedom of Thought, continues to be banned from travelling. She was released in September 2013 after having spent over three years in prison. She was given a 20-year travel ban.
In Syria, Razan Zaitouneh and Samira Al-Khalil were kidnapped from the Violations Documentation Center (VDC) offices with two male colleagues by armed, masked gunmen in Douma on 9 December 2013 and have been held ever since. There has been no word of their health or circumstances since they were abducted almost four years ago.
Zaitouneh was one of the most prominent lawyers and WHRDs defending political prisoners in Syria since 2001. She has played a key role in efforts to defend human rights for all people and protect independent groups and Syrian activists. She was awarded the European Parliament's 2011 Sakharov Prize for Freedom of Thought and the 2011 Anna Politkovskaya Award of Reach All Women in War (RAW in WAR).
On International Women Human Rights Defenders Day, GCHR reiterates its calls to free Naimaa Al-Matrood, Atena Daimi, Nargess Mohammadi, Razan Zaitouneh and Samira Al-Khalil and to end the trials and torture of WHRDs including Ebtisam Al-Saegh.
While many have been imprisoned, GCHR takes this opportunity to congratulate all the WHRDs across the Gulf and neighbouring countries for their important work bringing human rights issues into focus, including many whose work has been recognised with international awards. They include brave women from Yemen such as journalist and WHRD Afrah Nasser, winner of the Committee to Protect Journalists' 2017 International Press Freedom Award; and Yemeni WHRD Radhya Al-Mutawakel, chosen as Human Rights and Freedom of Speech Defender for October 2017 by GCHR, Maharat Foundation and the Arabic Network for Human Rights Information.
Following up on GCHR's 2016 report Before It's Too Late: Tangible Protection Mechanisms for Women Human Rights Defenders in the MENA Region and Beyond, GCHR further reiterates recommendations for the UN to "build and cultivate a secure, protected environment for WHRDs and their work: focusing on the creation, the tangible implementation and ensuring sustainability of said preventative and protections mechanisms, specifically tailored for WHRDs." There is an extensive list of recommendations for the UN, UN member states, civil society and donors.
WASHINGTON: US manufacturing and services firms expect to see a stronger economy and rising revenue into 2018, according to a semi-annual survey released on Monday (Dec 11).
The companies project no let down after 11 months of continuous growth, with the upbeat outlook across nearly all industries, the Institute of Supply Management's latest economic forecast showed.
"Manufacturing purchasing and supply executives expect to see growth in 2018. They are optimistic about their overall business prospects for the first half of 2018, with business continuing to expand through the second half of 2018," said Timothy R. Fiore, chair of the ISM Manufacturing Business Survey Committee.
Manufacturing revenues are expected to rise 7.8 per cent next year, with 70 per cent of firms projecting increased earnings, according to the survey. Only four per cent of companies expected business to worsen, while a quarter see no change.
In the dominant services sector, the outlook is slightly less rosy, with the average increase is expected to be six per cent, and 59 per cent of companies expecting business to improve. Just 10 per cent of firms expects business to decline, with one-third projecting no change.
However, well over 60 per cent of the firms in manufacturing and services report difficulty finding workers to fill open positions, according to the survey.
Advertisement
Advertisement
As a result 44 per cent of manufacturing firms, and 37 per cent of services companies reporting raising wages to attract employees.
Manufacturers expect employment will grow by 1.2 per cent next year, while labor and benefit costs are expected to increase an average of 2.1 per cent next year.
Service firms see employment rising 1.5 per cent, and wages and benefits increasing 2.6 per cent.
Capital expenditures, investment in plant and equipment, a major driver in the US economy, are expected to increase by 2.7 per cent in the manufacturing sector and by 3.8 per cent in the non-manufacturing sector.
sentifi.com Channel NewsAsia - Sentifi topic widget
Capital expenditures - investment in plant and equipment - a major driver of the US economy are expected to increase by 2.7 per cent in the manufacturing sector and by 3.8 per cent in the non-manufacturing sector.
The industries see only small increases in costs for materials, rising 2.2 per cent for the services sector and 1.8 per cent for manufacturing inputs, slightly less than in 2017.
Authorities are investigating a crash and a shooting that left two people seriously injured Monday in the Lincoln Heights area.
The incident was reported at 6:45 a.m. at Medford and Ricardo streets, according to Officer Rosario Herrera, a spokeswoman for the Los Angeles Police Department.
When officers arrived, they found one injured person and a vehicle that appeared to have been involved in a crash.
As officers investigated, they discovered a second crime scene a block away at Soto Street and Valley Boulevard, police said. There they found a second victim.
LAPD Officer Tony Im said one victim was the driver of the vehicle and had suffered blunt force trauma. The other victim was a passenger and had been shot, he said.
The victims were taken to a hospital. Their conditions were not known.
A section of the street was closed off with yellow tape as detectives tried to piece together details about the crash and shooting.
The Los Angeles County Sheriff's Department will be taking over the investigation because authorities believe the incident started in a neighboring city, Im said.
veronica.rocha@latimes.com
Twitter: VeronicaRochaLA
Las Vegas casinos are joining the Tom Brady fan club since their share of what is expected to be a record year for Super Bowl wagers will increase if the quarterback's New England Patriots beat the Philadelphia Eagles.
MINNEAPOLIS: Las Vegas casinos are joining the Tom Brady fan club since their share of what is expected to be a record year for Super Bowl wagers will increase if the quarterback's New England Patriots beat the Philadelphia Eagles.
The defending champion Patriots are 4-1/2 point favourites heading into the National Football League's championship game in Minneapolis, with the bulk of the bets still to come in ahead of Sunday's 6:30 p.m. ET (2330 GMT) kickoff.
For MGM Resorts International (MGM.N), which operates 10 sports books on the Las Vegas Strip, the early action has them pulling for the Patriots to win but not cover the spread.
Jay Rood, vice president of the race and sports book at MGM Resorts, said he was already seeing good money coming in and was optimistic that this year's Super Bowl wagers would be big.
"It's a great match-up and the Patriots fanbase brings out really strong players," Rood said in an interview.
"And gamblers are used to playing the Patriots during the regular season because they perform well during the regular season most of the time and that sort of familiarity is sort of comforting to a lot of players."
Advertisement
Advertisement
The US$138.5 million in Super Bowl bets that was wagered in Nevada's sports books last year easily surpassed the previous high of US$132.5 million set the previous year, according to the Nevada Gaming Control Board.
This year's match-up, featuring a Patriots team seeking their third title in four seasons, and an Eagles outfit seeking their first Super Bowl, is expected to set a new mark for betting on the championship game in Nevada.
"It's a good match-up," said Mike Lawton, senior research analyst for the Nevada Gaming Control Board. "Obviously the Patriots are going to attract a lot of attention, so are the Eagles. The economy is doing good and that's going to help."
Aside from more traditional bets, gamblers can take a chance on proposition bets, like deciding which team will score first, whether a player will leave the game with a concussion and what colour liquid will be poured on the winning coach.
Among some of the more unique proposition bets are how many times U.S. President Donald Trump will tweet during the game, how long Pink will take to sing the national anthem and how many times Brady's supermodel wife Gisele Bundchen will be shown during the live broadcast.
(Reporting by Frank Pingue; Editing by John O'Brien)
Ijaw Youth Council, IYC, Saturday, warned that Ijaw youth will resist any attempt to re-launch the Operation Crocodile Smile, which it described as a destructive military drill in Ijaw land.
The council in a statement by the president, Pereotubo Oweilaemi, Esq., said: “The attention of the Ijaw Youth Council (IYC), worldwide has been drawn to a plan by the Nigerian military to re-launch its destructive military drill, code named ‘Operation Crocodile Smile III' in the Niger Delta region.”
“If the rumour is true as the Chief of the Army Staff, Lt. Gen. Tukur Brutai was alleged to have dropped the hint in a press briefing, then, we will see it as a declaration of war against Niger Delta people.
“We make bold to say that the Ijaw nation was at the receiving end of military unprovoked invasions through the previous military drills. The armed forces did not achieve anything in the previous exercises other than to kill innocent people and destroy the peaceful Ijaw communities,” it said.
The group declared: “We will defend our communities from further invasions by the Nigerian armed forces even if it means to stage a peaceful protest across the length and breadth of Ijaw land in Nigeria.”
“We are not at war with the Nigerian government to be subjected to such trauma. Is Tukur Buratai telling the Niger Delta people that the region is in anyway under siege or being conquered by the Nigerian government in conventional combat?
“We cannot forget in hurry the barbaric and a commando styled invasions of Ajapa, Safarogbo, Ajakurama, Inikorogha, Letugbene, Oporoza, Kurutie and other Communities in Bayelsa, Edo, Delta and Ondo states by the belligerent Nigerian armed forces in the name of Operations Crocodile Smile I and II,” the council added.
According to it, “Hundreds of Ijaw youths unlawfully arrested during the operations are still being unconstitutionally held incommunicado and have been incarcerated in various detention centres across the country without even being charged to court.”
“The military in the name of these exercises has inflicted a devastating mayhem on our hearts and left with us an eternal terror of war. Was it not these same exercises that metamorphosed into a looting spree where the military invaded and looted the Ijaw communities to penury?
“The world should know that it was these same exercises that led to the uncivilized and most daring invasion of the revered Gbaramatu Kingdom traditional institution; the palace and the holy Egbesu shrine, which culminated in the looting of the sacred Egbesu sword and other valuable items worth billions of naira.
“Or has the military identified another target in the region that it is planning to invade and loot? IYC said.
Its words: “We fear that this country is drifting towards the precipice. There is no crisis in the Niger Delta region or the South East that required another Operations Python Dance III and Crocodile Smile III. These are subtle declaration of war against these regions and they are provocative. President Buhari should not push this country to a needless civil war.”
“Thousands of Nigerians are being slaughtered like fowl by the terror herdsmen on a daily basis in the Middle Belt, yet the military has not taken any dance step to the area. Why the South East and the Niger Delta regions are suited for military exercise?
“Is the Boko Haram conquered Sambisa Forest and the Fulani herdsmen terrorized Middle Belt region not good for the military exercise?
“No amount of Crocodile Smile or Python Dance will cow the southern Nigerians from agitating for restructuring and true federalism.
“For us in the Niger Delta, our lives depend on resource control, true federalism, political autonomy and self-determination. We can never be intimidated by Buratai even if he commits genocide with his provocative military exercise,” the group added.
Wed, Jun 14: New research has found one in three hospital patients suffers from symptoms of depression. As Heather Yourex-West explains, those symptoms could be delaying recovery time.
Why is it that just when you think you have this whole sleep thing conquered and you're finally getting those coveted eight hours, the sleep regression comes? Sometimes its onset is at about four months, sometimes six months, sometimes 18 months, and sometimes it just happens out of nowhere. After you rule out fever, teething, a dirty diaper, or any other possible discomfort, you can consider it officially a sleep regression. While there may be ways you can try to help get your baby back into his routine, there are definitely things not to do during sleep regression.
Baby Center described sleep regression as "temporary periods when babies or young children don't sleep as well as they have in the past." There are many physiological reasons your baby might lose their steady sleep habits, but it's not really considered an official regression until it's happening for a week or two. Some parents will notice their baby is waking more often than usual and then a week after that starts, the baby hits a new milestone, like crawling or pulling themselves up. Baby Center listed other possible causes as everything from separation anxiety to their sleep cycle shifting to a chance in temperature in the room. Regardless of the cause, it can throw off a very hard-won sleep routine and make you feel like you are starting from scratch again.
The Baby Sleep Site considers five hours of sleep, without feeding, to be a full night's sleep. A tired mama is not always a patient mama and sometimes we will try to do the easy thing in the moment to get us through the night. However, it might be helpful to keep in mind this list of things to avoid so that your short-term problem doesn't become a long term one, because you need to get them back on track. Sleep, for mom and baby, is hugely important for successful parenting.
1 Don't let them sleep in your bed Giphy Yes, this might be an okay way to go as a one time thing if the kids are afraid of a big storm or have a really high fever, but in general, Dr. Ken Feuerstein, a pediatrician in New York, tells Romper that once you let them in, it's hard to get them back out.
2 Don't punish them Giphy Babies don't understand timeouts and you can't take away their screen time, but even something that might seem to be an age-appropriate punishment, like withholding toys, doesn't really work. Dr. Feuerstein suggests using positive reinforcement for older children, so get out those stickers and reward charts and get ready for some reinforcing (aka bribes).
3 Don't give up your bedtime routine Giphy Even if you feel frustrated and like they will never get back on track, keep following your bedtime routine. Baths, books, cuddling, however your family chooses to introduce sleep, stick to it. As the Sleep Lady said, babies really like consistency and routine so continue to do what you've been doing.
4 Don't ignore them for hours on end Giphy Though some sleep training advocates recommend letting babies cry it out, Dr. Feuerstein suggests if your child is crying for a long period of time, go in periodically and check on them. He says to spend a few minutes and then leave. This will give them a sense they are safe. But don't stay too long or let them manipulate you to take them out of their crib.
5 Don't rock them back to sleep Giphy As easy as it might be to settle into your glider and rock them to sleep, try to let them continue to develop and maintain their own sleep cues. Baby Center reminded parents to not encourage bad habits and to put your baby in their crib while they are drowsy, but awake so that they can learn to fall asleep on their own.
6 Don't give them pharmaceuticals Giphy Do not use Benadryl to get you through the regression, says Dr. Feuerstein. He says the same goes for Xanax, shots of alcohol and any other drugs. (And yes, these are actual questions he's gotten from parents in his practice).
International Day to End Impunity
The October 2017 killing of the Maltese investigative journalist Daphne Caruana Galizia featured heavily in IFEX member activities for this year's International Day to End Impunity (IDEI). The Committee to Protect Journalists, the International Press Institute, ARTICLE 19 and Index on Censorship all issued statements calling for justice for this courageous investigator of political corruption. Index and ARTICLE 19 also joined other rights groups, including Reporters Without Borders, English PEN and Transparency International, in holding a vigil for Caruana Galizia outside the Maltese embassy in London, where extracts from her writings were read.
Free expression and anti-corruption groups hold London vigil for murdered journalist Daphne Caruana Galizia https://t.co/1DP1EHXtIH — Maggie Murphy (@MaggieMrphy) November 2, 2017
No fewer than 34 RFE/RL journalists have been targeted in 2017 due to the work they do. In prison and under threat are Mykola Semena, Stanislav Aseyev, Saparmamed Nepeskuliev, Soltan Achilova, and Aziz Yusupov. #ImprisonedWriter #NeverSilenced @englishpen https://t.co/2UjK0jAhba pic.twitter.com/7d1h655Yqh — RFE/RL Pressroom (@RFERLPress) November 15, 2017
Turkey: Bizarre and politicised court decisions
Caruana Galizia was one of many European cases highlighted by Index. You can read about the others from Russia, Belarus, Montenegro, Ukraine, Germany and many other places here The Institute for Reporters' Freedom and Safety (IRFS) used IDEI to highlightatrocious record on free expression, reminding us not only of the many journalists currently behind bars (including IRFS's chair, Mehman Huseynov , at whose recent appeal hearing all requests to inspect the evidence against him were denied ), but of the impunity enjoyed by some of those who have killed reporters. One of these victims was the journalist Rafiq Tagi, whose 2011 killing ARTICLE 19 registered with the Council of Europe's Platform for Journalists' Safety on IDEI.Media outlet Radio Free Europe/Radio Liberty took part in IDEI activities too, drawing attention to the persecution that their own reporters have suffered during 2017.
The latest hearing in the trial of Amnesty Turkey Chair Taner Kılıç and 10 human rights defenders (also known as the Istanbul10) took place on 22 November. All are charged with terrorism-related crimes; Kılıç is the only one still behind bars. The charge against him is based on the allegation that he downloaded and used the ByLock messaging application, which is claimed to have been used by the Gülen movement to communicate during the failed coup in 2016. No evidence has been produced to show that he downloaded ByLock. The next hearing in the case is on 31 January 2018. Earlier in the month, UN experts called on Turkey to drop all charges against the accused.
On 13 November, in a surreal moment, a judge dismissed the entire legal defence team for writers and brothers Mehmet and Ahmet Altan during their trial on charges of preparing the ground for the 2016 coup. The brothers were then forced to represent themselves (by video link) from Silivri Prison. ARTICLE 19, PEN International, PEN Norway and Reporters Without Borders (RSF) – who observed the hearing - condemned this violation of fair trial rights.
There was bad news too for Oğuz Güven, editor of the Cumhuriyet newspaper's website, who was sentenced by an Istanbul court to three years and one month in prison on charges of "terrorist propaganda". Güven has appealed against his conviction and remains on conditional release.
On 1 November, an Istanbul court ordered that civil society leader and philanthropist Osman Kavala be sent to prison while he is being investigated on allegations of organising the Gezi Park protests and taking part in the 2016 coup. He was detained on 18 October. No evidence has been advanced to support the allegations.
IFEX members and other rights organisations have submitted third-party interventions in 10 cases against jailed Turkish journalists to which the European Court of Human Rights (ECtHR) has given priority status. The interventions offer detailed legal analyses of the principles at stake in the cases of the detainees. Another smaller group of IFEX members has done the same in the cases of 12 detained Turkish MPs.
Spain: Free expression under pressure ahead of Catalan elections
Since Catalonia's independence referendum on 1 October, eight members of the deposed Catalan government have been jailed without bail while they are investigated on charges of sedition; others (including the deposed President Puigdemont) have fled to Belgium. Fresh regional elections have been called for 21 December and tension is extremely high. Since the widespread use of violence by the national police against peaceful demonstrators in October, the authorities have not been shy about employing a heavy hand against both separatists and critics of the national government's tactics.
At least eight primary school teachers (who, during classes, are alleged to have criticised police tactics on 1 October) are under investigation on charges of 'inciting hatred'. They deny the charges. The Mayor of Reus and three councilmen are under investigation on the same charges because they signed a public petition demanding that the national police - who were transported into Reus to stop the referendum taking place - leave the city because of the violence in October. Two high profile civil society leaders (and prominent separatists) are in prison without bail while they are investigated on sedition charges. The satirical magazine El Jueves is under investigation on slander charges after it published a jokey article a few days after the referendum, which said that the national riot police had consumed all the cocaine in Catalonia. PEN International raises most of these cases in its recent statement calling for free and fair elections in Catalonia, and on all sides to respect the right to freedom of expression and opinion.
Some parties may take a little more persuasion. The Federal Police Union tweeted (and quickly deleted) this target list early in the month:
Those marked with are 'X' are in jail. Some of the others - including the director of TV3, a publicly funded regional TV channel - are not even under investigation, but the intimidating message is very clear. The electoral candidate for Partido Popular (the right wing governing party of Spain) has said that he wants to shut down TV3 and reopen it with "normal people".
Russia: new foreign agent law for the media
On 25 November, President Putin signed the so-called 'foreign agent' law for media outlets that work in Russia and receive funding from abroad. It was tit-for-tat retaliation after RT was forced to register as a foreign agent in the USA.
The US govt's misguided decision to request for RT to register under the US Foreign Agent Registration Act gave #Putin a platform to retaliate w/ a full throttle attack on #PressFreedom in #Russia. @HRW: https://t.co/l57Yi83Hhg …https://t.co/rgDwzPRURz … … — Lotte Leicht (@LotteLeicht1) November 26, 2017
Focus on gender
The new legislation is more than just another blow to press freedom in Russia - there's a danger that it could encourage attacks on media outlets. That has certainly been one effect of the 2012 'foreign agent' law that applies to civil society organisations (a second one is that it has crippled environmental protection groups working in Russia). For Russians, the term 'foreign agent' has particularly sinister overtones, suggesting treason and spying.
The persecution of the LGBTQI+ community is an ongoing problem in many parts of Europe and Central Asia, where it is sometimes promoted (or even carried out) by local authorities. This month, Human Rights Watch (HRW) published an article about how the concept of 'traditional values' is being used in many areas of the Former Soviet Union to trample on LGBTQI+ rights. We also learned from HRW that the Chechen singer Zelim Bakaev - swept up in Chechnya's recent anti LGBTQI+ purge - had 'disappeared'.
In Turkey, the trial of 24 LGBTQI+ activists who took part in a Pride parade in June 2017 began this month. They are charged with breaking the Law on Demonstrations and Rallies; the next hearing will be on 27 February 2018. The Turkish capital, Ankara, has banned LGBTQI+ cinema and other exhibitions over fears, the governor's office says, for "public safety."
In brief: Fascists, head butts, the 'nuclear option' and more
In Italy, as Reporters Without Borders reminds us, journalists frequently complain of being harassed and intimidated by the mafia and other criminals. A shocking example of this occurred in Ostia (near Rome) on 7 November. Unusually, it was all caught on camera:
OSTIA, AGGRESSIONE AGLI INVIATI DI #NemoRai2 - L'inviato Daniele Piervincenzi e il filmmaker Edoardo Anselmi sono stati violentemente aggrediti a Ostia da Roberto Spada, membro della famiglia Spada, nota alle cronache per diverse inchieste giudiziarie, e da un'altra persona. pic.twitter.com/dKCZWjKUKw — Rai2 (@RaiDue) November 8, 2017
The aggressor in this case is Roberto Spada, the brother of a mafia boss . The journalist had approached him for an interview about local elections and his connections to a far right group. An investigation has been opened.There was good news fromthis month, when the authorities announced that lengthy corruption investigations into NGOs had all been closed because of a complete lack of evidence. These investigations were instigated by the previous governing party, VMRO-DPMNE, as part of a harassment campaign ; VMRO-DPMNE alleged that NGOs were working with the human rights philanthropist George Soros in order to undermine Macedonia. Conspiracy theories of this kind are frequently peddled by authoritarian, populist governments in Europe in an attempt to de-legitimise critical voices.Unlike Macedonia,shows no sign yet of relenting on the Soros-NGO conspiracy and the harassment of civil society that goes with it. Working with other rights groups, the Hungarian Civil Liberties Union (HCLU) has produced a chronological summary of the government's persecution of NGOs from 2013 to the present. The anti-civil society mood is fuelled, in part, by Prime Minister Orbán's anti-immigrant rhetoric (he accuses Soros of wanting to 'flood' Hungary with refugees), which feeds racist attitudes in some sections of Hungarian society. Muslims get the worst of it, but the relentless focus on George Soros (a Hungarian Jew) has the whiff of anti-Semitism, as Al Jazeera reports . Orbán is aided and abetted in all this by large swathes of the media, much of which his rich supporters have bought up. The government is also funding pro-Orbán media outlets that produce or promote sizeable quantities of 'fake news' , including conspiracy stories generated by 'Infowars', the internet-based show fronted by the screaming Alex Jones is in trouble, and not only because of the tens of thousands of fascists who marched in Warsaw this month calling for a "white Europe of brotherly nations." On 15 November, the European Parliament took formal steps to trigger the Article 7 procedure over concerns that Poland was not acting in accord with European values, especially around rule of law (IFEX members have been raising concerns about Poland's assault on the independence of the judiciary for some time). This is considered the 'nuclear option' and could lead to the suspension of Poland's EU Council voting rights. The Civil Liberties Committee will now need to draw up a 'reasoned proposal', the document required to call on the Council to trigger the rule of law mechanism. Article 7 has only ever been triggered against one other country - Hungary.On 7 November, the European Court of Human Rights heard a landmark case as part of a challenge to the lawfulness of thesurveillance laws and its intelligence agencies' mass surveillance practices. The case was brought by Privacy International and nine other rights NGOs and is the latest stage in a protracted challenge to the UK's extremely wide-ranging snooping powers which, argues Privacy International, violate the fundamental rights of individuals across the world, assailing privacy and chilling thought and speech. You can read the briefing here . There is no timeline set for the judgement.On 24 November, the heads of the 28 EU member states' governments and of the six Eastern Partnership countries - Armenia, Azerbaijan, Belarus, Georgia, Moldova, and Ukraine - gathered in Brussels for the 5th Eastern Partnership Summit. IFEX members addressed an open letter to the heads of EU member states, calling on them to "use any opportunity you will have during the summit to call on President Aliyev to end the human rights crackdown and commit to concrete and sustainable human rights reforms in." Appeals to Aliyev tend to fall on deaf ears.
WASHINGTON -
Scientists have witnessed the first modern case of what they call “river piracy” and they blame global warming. Most of the water gushing from a large glacier in northwest Canada last year suddenly switched from one river to another.
That changed the Slims River from a three-metre deep, raging river to something so shallow that it barely was above a scientist's high top sneakers at midstream. The melt from the Yukon's Kaskawulsh glacier now flows mostly into the Alsek River and ends up in the Pacific Ocean instead of the Arctic's Bering Sea.
It seemed to all happen in about one day — last May 26 — based on river gauge data, said Dan Shugar, a University of Washington Tacoma professor who studies how land changes. A 30-metre tall canyon formed at the end of the glacier, rerouting the melting water, Shugar and his colleagues wrote in a study published in Monday's journal Nature Geoscience.
The term “river piracy” is usually used to describe events that take a long time to occur, such as tens of thousands of years, and had not been seen in modern times, especially not this quickly, said study co-author Jim Best of the University of Illinois. It's different from something like the Mississippi River changing course at its delta and it involves more than one river and occurs at the beginning of a waterway, not the end.
The scientists had been to the edge of the Kaskawulsh glacier in 2013. Then the Slims River was “swift, cold and deep” and flowing fast enough that it could be dangerous to wade through, Shugar said. They returned last year to find the river shallow and as still as a lake, while the Alsek, was deeper and flowing faster.
“We were really surprised when we got there and there was basically no water in the river,” Shugar said of the Slims. “We could walk across it and we wouldn't get our shirts wet. It was like a snake-shaped lake rather than a river.”
What had been a river delta at the edge of the Slims River had changed into a place full of “afternoon dust storms with this fine dust getting into your nose and your mouth,” Best said.
The lack of water in the Slims wasn't because of changes in rainfall, Shugar said. They know that because it's a river fed mostly by glacial melt, not rain, and the Alsek increased in amounts similar to what disappeared from the Slims.
The Kaskawulsh glacier covers about 25,000 square kilometres, about the size of Vermont. The front of the glacier has retreated nearly 1.9 million kilometres since 1899, Shugar said.
The scientists calculate that there is only a one in 200 chance that the retreating glacier and river piracy is completely natural without man-made global warming. They used weather and ice observations and a computer simulation that models how likely the glacier retreat would be with current conditions and without heat-trapping greenhouse gases.
Several outside scientists praised the study as significant and sensible.
“This is an interesting study and reconfirms that climate change has large, widespread and sometimes surprising impacts,” Pennsylvania State University glacier expert Richard Alley, who wasn't part of the study, said in an email.
The lasting image of Gerald Fischman for Larry Harris is a shy but studious ninth-grader who wore cardigan sweaters and carried a brown briefcase during his years at Northwood High School in the 1970s.
“Gerald was the one who got straight A's,” recalled Harris, of Germantown.
Fischman, 61, was one of five journalists at the Capital Gazette who were shot and killed on June 28 in their Annapolis newsroom. Jarrod Ramos, of Laurel, was charged in the killings.
For 26 years, Fischman was the voice of the Annapolis daily, “writing scathing, insightful and always exacting editorials about the community,” The Baltimore Sun wrote. He didn't grouse about “having to write an editorial about Christmas every year, even though he was Jewish.”
Also killed in the shooting were Rob Hiaasen, 59, an editor and columnist; Wendi Winters, 65, a community correspondent; sports writer John McNamara, 56; and Rebecca Smith, 34, a sales assistant.
Fischman grew up in Silver Spring, on Caddington Avenue near Forest Knolls Elementary School, which he attended. He graduated from Northwood in 1974 and earned a degree in journalism from the University of Maryland in 1979.
Harris said he was shocked when he got word of the shooting last week. He said he hadn't seen Fischman since high school, but remembered him fondly. Fischman was an editor at Northwood's school newspaper, and quickly made a name for himself with his writing ability, Harris said. While quiet, he was never shy when it came to voicing his opinion about current events, particularly during Watergate.
“His passion was the world around him and the political environment,” Harris said.
Fischman also played violin in the school orchestra, and was “very precise,” about his playing, Harris said.
Harris said he tried to befriend Fischman, whose reserved personality sometimes isolated him socially. Fischman was bullied, Harris said.
“I always tried to reach out to him because I knew what a struggle it was to get picked on in school,” Harris said. “He was one of the good guys. He never complained.
“He never went to any of the teachers or the principal. He just kept to himself. I'm kicking myself that I didn't reach out the last several years.”
Another classmate, Larry Shor, attended elementary school with Fischman. Shor, who hosts a weekly radio show of Jewish music, called Fischman “a very smart guy” who often kept to himself.
“[He was] a really really nice, sweet guy,” Shor said. “Never would hurt a fly.”
Former Capital Gazette reporter Joshua Stewart described Fischman as “kind of mysterious guy” who became famous for the sticky notes he left on the desks of his colleagues asking them to fact-check his editorials.
According to the Sun, Fischman married Saran Erdenebat, an opera singer from Mongolia, later in life. When Stewart and another reporter asked how they had met, Fischman's reply was succinct.
“I typed ‘Mongolian opera singer' into a dating site,” he deadpanned, according to The Sun.
A week before Fischman's death, he and other members of the Capital Gazette's editorial board interviewed candidates for the Anne Arundel County Board of Education to determine the paper's endorsements in the race. Dana Schallheim, one of two winning candidates, said Fischman only asked a few questions but seemed genuinely interested in the candidates' responses.
“He just sat there and looked at us and took very diligent notes,” she said. “He seemed like he cared deeply about what we were saying.”
Schallheim said she was devastated at the news about the shooting, and called the five who were killed “institutions.”
“You can't replace experience like that,” she said.
“You can't replace their experience in reporting truth.”
Fischman's legacy, Harris said, will be of a person “who knew so much about the world” and let others know through his carefully worded writing.
“He used his wordsmith prowess to express what he saw in the world.”
dschere@midatlanticmedia.com
SINGAPORE: SMRT's North-South Line (NSL) and East-West Line (EWL) were afflicted by track faults on Tuesday (Apr 18), resulting in delays for commuters trying to make their way to work during the morning peak hour.
The train operator first posted about a 10-minute delay due to a track fault on the NSL, between Bishan and Khatib stations towards the Jurong East direction, at 7.19am on its Twitter account.
[NSL]: Due to a track fault, pls add 10mins travel time from #Bishan to #Khatib towards #JurongEast. Train service is still available. — SMRT Corporation (@SMRT_Singapore) April 17, 2017
At 8.35am, it tweeted that commuters on the EWL would also be expecting an additional 10 minutes' travel time from the Paya Lebar to Simei stations towards Pasir Ris due to a track fault.
[EWL]: Due to a track fault, pls add 10 mins travel time from #PayaLebar to #Simei towards #PasirRis. Train service is still available. — SMRT Corporation (@SMRT_Singapore) April 18, 2017
SMRT said in later updates that the delays were due to track faults at Khatib on the NSL and Simei on the EWL.
As of about 9.40am, the transport operator estimated the additional travel time expected for commuters on the NSL and EWL is 20 minutes and 15 minutes, respectively.
[NSL] UPDATE: Pls cater 20 mins additional travel time from #Bishan to #Khatib. We are working to recover service. — SMRT Corporation (@SMRT_Singapore) April 18, 2017
England will face their toughest World Cup test against Sweden in the quarter-finals, a task more daunting than taking on tournament favourites Brazil, former England coach Sven-Goran Eriksson said.
LONDON: England will face their toughest World Cup test against Sweden in the quarter-finals, a task more daunting than taking on tournament favourites Brazil, former England coach Sven-Goran Eriksson said.
England booked their place in the last eight by edging past Colombia in a penalty shootout on Tuesday to raise hopes of a first World Cup title since 1966.
Advertisement
"It would be easier for England to beat Brazil than to beat Sweden in my opinion, Sweden today are a very hard team to break down," Swede Eriksson, who led England to the 2002 and 2006 World Cup quarter-finals, told Paddy Power News.
"England has a great chance to make a World Cup semi-final. But, if anyone in the squad thinks they have an easy game on Saturday, they're wrong.
"It'll be the most difficult game they'll have played so far, they can bet on that."
Sweden reached the World Cup last eight for the first time since finishing third in 1994 after a scrappy 1-0 victory over Switzerland on Tuesday.
Advertisement
Advertisement
"Sweden are so difficult to break down. They are very solid and really tough. If you woke them up in the middle of the night, they would know every position in defending – any possibility in the game, they know what to do.
"Their strikers are defenders when it's time to defend and they can defend in their own box as well.
"During my time with England we met them four times. We lost once, and the others were a draw and, going back before that, Sweden have beaten England in big games. My brain says England, though my heart says Sweden."
England had never won a penalty shootout at the World Cup before Tuesday and Eriksson believes overcoming that barrier will prove to be a big boost in the latter stages of the tournament.
"Everyone gets worried when a game goes to penalties, and with the record England has in competitions, it's huge in England that they've managed to win the shootout here... it's great for confidence because of England's history," he said.
Gareth Southgate's England side face Sweden in Samara on Saturday.
(Reporting by Arjun Panchadar in Bengaluru, editing by Ed Osmond)
SINGAPORE: Finance Minister Heng Swee Keat will be attending the second annual meeting of the Asian Infrastructure Investment Bank (AIIB) Board of Governors in Jeju, South Korea, from Jun 16 to 17.
As Singapore's Governor on AIIB's Board of Governors, Mr Heng will provide a statement for the AIIB annual meeting. He will also attend the Board of Governors' Business Session, which will discuss the bank's 2016 Annual Report and 2017 Budget, the Ministry of Finance (MOF) said in a media release on Thursday (Jun 15).
The AIIB annual meeting will focus on the theme of sustainable infrastructure. Those attending the meeting will review opportunities for sustainable infrastructure investments, and identify ways to mobilise private capital for infrastructure development in the region, the ministry said.
Mr Heng will be accompanied on the trip by officials from MOF, it added.
MUMBAI: Smartphone component maker Wistron Corp, which counts Apple Inc among its customers, has applied for permission to expand its plant in Bengaluru, a high-ranking regional government official said on Monday.
The Taiwanese contract manufacturer has also requested that its application be fast-tracked, the official at the state government of Karnataka told Reuters.
The move comes less than two weeks after the Wall Street Journal reported that Apple was in talks with the Indian government about the possibility of assembling products in one of the world's biggest smartphone markets, where the U.S. tech firm controls less than 2 percent.
Apple setting up production in India would be a significant win for the government which has embarked on a major campaign to attract global manufacturers under the slogan "Make in India".
"Wistron has approached us to expedite certain clearances with regards to the augmentation and expansion of its existing unit," said the official, who was not authorised to speak publicly on the matter and so declined to be identified.
Whether Apple will begin manufacturing in India is unknown, but Wistron's desire to expand "pretty quickly" could represent "several steps in that direction," the official said.
Apple did not immediately respond to an email seeking comment. Wistron could not be reached for comment.
Analysts have said local manufacturing could come as part of a wider strategy for Apple to expand in India and even lower prices after Chief Executive Tim Cook visited the country in May and met Prime Minister Narendra Modi.
"Certainly that (local manufacturing) will help in some level of cost optimization," said Gartner research director Anshul Gupta. "Because looking at the current tax structure, local facilities do provide some kind of cost advantage."
Another of Apple's Taiwanese suppliers, Hon Hai Precision Industry Co Ltd - commonly known as Foxconn - also has a manufacturing facility in southern India.
(Reporting by Sankalp Phartiyal; Editing by Christopher Cushing)
Patrice A. “Pat” Myers, 53, of Edwardsville, died at 2:07 p.m. Wednesday, April 12, 2017, at St. Elizabeth Hospital in Belleville after a courageous battle with cancer.
Visitation will be 4 p.m. until 8 p.m. Tuesday, April 18, at Irwin Chapel, 591 Glen Crossing Road in Glen Carbon. Visitation will continue from 9 a.m. until service at 11 a.m. Wednesday, April 19, at Trinity Lutheran Church, 512 Main St. in Worden. Burial will be at Trinity Lutheran Cemetery in Worden.
Buoyed by its continuous growth, South Korean electronics giant Samsung India is set to announce a key business expansion to further cement its position in the country on 9 July.
The company on 4 July revealed that it will make an important announcement regarding its business expansion in India, during a highly secured environment at its Noida facility.
HC Hong, President, and CEO, Samsung India will be present for the occasion, read an invite.
The business expansion comes after a year when in June 2017, the South Korean giant announced Rs 4,915 crore investment in expanding its Noida plant, where it manufactures smartphones, refrigerators, and flat panel televisions.
"On the back of the 'Digital India' movement led by millions of young Indians, we are witnessing a rise in adoption of electronic devices, smart appliances, and mobile phones," Hong told the reporters on the occasion.
The Indian government aims to achieve $1 trillion digital economy by 2020 and according to Union Minister Ravi Shankar Prasad, Samsung India will spearhead this movement.
Samsung registered 27 percent growth in mobile business revenue for the financial year 2016-17 touching a mammoth 34,300 crore.
In the first quarter of 2018, it became the leader in the Indian flagship smartphone market, garnering 49.2 percent share, according to the German research firm GfK.
In the full financial year (April 2017-March 2018), Samsung registered 55.2 percent market share in the Rs 40,000 and above price segment of the smartphone market, said GfK that reports final consumption of the devices and not only shipments.
Bringing its new 2018 line-up of TVs including the premium QLED range to India last month, Samsung said the company is eyeing to grab more than half of the premium TV segment in the country in the next four-five months.
The South Korean tech giant unveiled new models in its flagship QLED TV series, the mid-range UHD and Make for India "Concert" TV series.
Samsung has five R&D centers in India— two in Bengaluru and one each in Noida, New Delhi, and Pune.
0
Some excellent news out of Duckburg today! Disney XD's DuckTales reboot not only has a confirmed release date, there's also a brand-new theme song and intro to go along with the revamped series! Written by Mark C. Mueller, the song is performed by singer/songwriter Felicia Barton and produced by Emmy Award-winning Michael ‘Smidi' Smith and composer Dominic Lewis. It will be released by Walt Disney Records on Friday, June 23rd, but you can check it out in the video below!
Also announced today, Disney XD's DuckTales will premiere in a one-hour television movie, titled “Woo-oo!” of course, to be presented for 24 consecutive hours on Saturday, August 12th, beginning at midnight EDT/PDT. Then, the series will debut with two new episodes on Saturday, September 23rd starting at 7:00 a.m. EDT/PDT and playing throughout the day. Each will also be available on the Disney XD app and Disney XD VOD on those same dates. The September series premiere coincides with the 30th anniversary of the original Emmy Award-winning series.
Check out the new intro below and feel free to let us know how you think it compares to the original:
Featuring a distinct animation style inspired by the classic Carl Barks' comic designs, DuckTales chronicles the high-flying adventures of Duckburg's most famous trillionaire Scrooge McDuck, his mischief-making triplet grandnephews – Huey, Dewey and Louie, temperamental nephew Donald Duck and the trusted McDuck Manor team: big-hearted, fearless chauffer/pilot Launchpad McQuack; no-nonsense housekeeper Mrs. Beakley; and Mrs. Beakley's granddaughter, Webby Vanderquack, resident adventurer and the triplet's newfound fierce friend. The story unfolds as Donald Duck reluctantly takes Huey, Dewey and Louie to the home of their reclusive great-uncle Scrooge McDuck. Enthralled by their once-legendary great-uncle and the wonder of McDuck Manor, the triplets and Webby learn of long-kept family secrets and unleash totems from Scrooge's epic past, sending the family on an adventure of a lifetime to the Lost City of Atlantis.
The voice cast is David Tennant as Scrooge McDuck, Danny Pudi as Huey, Ben Schwartz as Dewey, Bobby Moynihan as Louie, Kate Micucci as Webby Vanderquack, Beck Bennett as Launchpad McQuack, Toks Olagundoye as Mrs. Beakley and Tony Anselmo as Donald Duck.
Recurring guest voices include Lin-Manuel Miranda as Duckburg's favorite hero Gizmoduck (his alias is Fenton Crackshell-Cabrera), Allison Janney as Scrooge's old flame Goldie O'Gilt, Margo Martindale as the ruthless villain Ma Beagle, Paul F. Tompkins as lucky duck Gladstone Gander, Kimiko Glenn as well-traveled teen Lena, Jim Rash as mad scientist Gyro Gearloose, Josh Brener as tech billionaire Mark Beaks, Keith Ferguson as Scrooge's archenemy Flintheart Glomgold, Eric Bauza as Beagle Boys and Corey Burton as scientist Ludwig Von Drake.
DuckTales is executive produced by Annie Award-nominee Matt Youngberg (Ben 10: Omniverse), with Francisco Angones serving as co-producer and story editor, and Sean Jimenez (Gravity Falls) as art director.
In order to use Medscape, your browser must be set to accept cookies delivered by the Medscape site.
Medscape uses cookies to customize the site based on the information we collect at registration. The cookies contain no personally identifiable information and have no effect once you leave the Medscape site.
related media assets (image or videos) available. Click to see the gallery.
4 related media assets (image or videos) available. Click to see the gallery.
More than half a million people in Yemen have been infected with cholera since the epidemic began four months ago and 1,975 people have died, the World Health Organization (WHO) said on Monday.
GENEVA: More than half a million people in Yemen have been infected with cholera since the epidemic began four months ago and 1,975 people have died, the World Health Organization (WHO) said on Monday.
Each day there are more than 5,000 new cases of the waterborne disease, which causes acute diarrhoea and dehydration, in the country where the health system has collapsed after more than two years of war, it said.
"The total number of suspected cholera cases in Yemen this year hit the half a million mark on Sunday, and nearly 2,000 people have died since the outbreak began to spread rapidly at the end of April," the WHO said in a statement on Monday.
"The spread of cholera has slowed significantly in some areas compared to peak levels but the disease is still spreading fast in more recently affected districts, which are recording large numbers of cases," it said, reporting a total of 503,484 cases.
The disease, spread by ingestion of food or water tainted with human faeces, can kill within hours if untreated. It has been largely eradicated in developed countries equipped with sanitation systems and water treatment.
But Yemen's devastating civil war, pitting a Saudi-led military coalition against the Iran-backed armed Houthi group, and economic collapse has made it extremely difficult to deal with catastrophes such as cholera and mass hunger.
Advertisement
Advertisement
Millions of Yemenis remain cut off from clean water and waste collection has ceased in major cities, the WHO added.
Yemen's 30,000 critical health workers have not been paid salaries in nearly a year and critical medicines are lacking, the WHO said.
"These doctors and nurses are the backbone of the health response – without them we can do nothing in Yemen. They must be paid their wages so that they can continue to save lives," said Tedros Adhanom Ghebreyesus, WHO Director-General.
WHO and partners are working around the clock to set up cholera treatment clinics, rehabilitate health facilities, deliver medical supplies and support the national effort, the United Nations agency said.
More than 99 percent of patients who reach health facilities survive but children and the elderly are most vulnerable.
"The response is working in some places. We can tell you that surveillance confirms a decline in suspected cases over the past four weeks in some of the most affected governorates," WHO spokeswoman Fadela Chaib told a news briefing last Friday.
"Most notably Sanaa city, Hajja and Amran are consistent with his decline. But in many other districts, cases and deaths persist and are on the rise."
(Reporting by Stephanie Nebehay, editing by Pritha Sarkar)
ABIDJAN: Ivory Coast has released six journalists arrested for publishing stories that authorities said could incite another soldiers' revolt, the journalists' trade union said on Wednesday, following a series of army mutinies this year over pay.
The mutinies, which included soldiers briefly seizing control of the country's second biggest city, have raised concerns about political stability in the Ivory Coast, one of the world's fastest growing economies and its largest cocoa producer.
The government paid some soldiers an undisclosed sum in January, triggering revolts from other troops seeking similar payouts.
The journalists were arrested on Sunday and underwent hours of questioning after publishing details of the deal reached between the soldiers and the government. Authorities said this could compromise stability in the West African nation.
Moussa Traore, president of the Ivory Coast's National Union of Journalists, said they had been freed late on Tuesday, hailing the decision as "a victory for the freedom of the press".
However, Yacouba Gbane, editor of the daily Le Temps, one of the six journalists detained, said they had been provisionally charged prior to their release and could still face trial.
"The investigating judge told us that we are still charged with interfering with the security of the state and with the disclosure of false information and that we can be seized at any moment," said Gbane, one of the six detained.
The judge will decide whether to prosecute the six, though media sources said this was unlikely.
(Reporting by Loucoumane Coulibaly; Writing by Edward McAllister; Editing by Gareth Jones)
Natural indigo-dyed garments fetch high price tags at boutique shops worldwide but little is known about the origin of this dark blue colour and the people who create it.
SAVANNAKHET, Laos: The fashion world loves indigo, but its popularity stretches back for centuries.
In Japan, this deep blue colour was worn by aristocrats and samurais. In India, its paste was dried into cakes and traded along the Silk Route, by which it entered Europe. Indigo was known in ancient Greece as indikon, which literally means ‘Indian'.
Today, indigo is the most popular colour for denim worn by millions of people worldwide. Every year, tens of thousands of tonnes of indigo dye is produced but most of it is synthetic. Its natural version is harder to find as the extraction of colour is done by hand in a complicated and time-consuming process.
As a result, natural indigo-dyed garments often come with a high price tag. A 140 x 140 cm Hermes silk scarf for instance – hand-rolled and dyed with natural indigo pigments – can cost US$1,950.
Yet, little is known about the origin of this dark blue dye, and even less so about the people who create it.
In Laos, many of them live a simple life in a remote village of Lahanam, 500 kilometres southeast of the capital Vientiane. Here, more than 300 families spin countless cotton threads into beautiful dark blue fabric on a daily basis. All of them are hand-dyed with natural indigo substances harvested from the locals' own gardens.
Advertisement
Advertisement
Cotton threads dyed with natural indigo are hung to dry before being woven into fabric. (Photo: Pichayada Promchertchoo)
A piece of 100 x 100 cm indigo-dyed cotton here costs less than US$2 – a world apart from its market value. The price may seem unreal for many fashion lovers. It does not for the villagers, who have spent months growing the plant, dying and weaving the cotton.
In fact, income from natural indigo dye has transformed their lives over the past decade, ridding families of poverty and sending many children to school.
“The business is doing so well we can't produce fast enough,” said 60-year-old Sisavath Meevorachak.
When they are not farming, both she and her husband make natural indigo dye for sale. Each month, the couple earns about US$1,000 from harvesting leaves of the local indigo plant and extracting the natural dark blue colour out of them.
Sisavath soaks white cotton threads in natural indigo dye made from the local indigo plant in her garden. Each month, she and her husband earn about US$1,000 from selling the dye. (Photo: Pichayada Promchertchoo)
FROM GREEN LEAVES TO INDIGO DYE
Although Sisavath enjoys the extra income, the process of turning fresh indigo leaves into dark blue dye takes a lot of hard work.
Once the seeds are sown, she has to wait for three months for the plants to grow. Old leaves are then handpicked in the morning when the sun is not so harsh.
Sisavath picks indigo leaves in her garden every morning. She only selects leaves from old indigo branches as they produce a beautiful shade of blue. (Photo: Pichayada Promchertchoo)
“We only pick leaves from the branches with pods on them,” said Sisavath's husband Noy, pointing at several long brown pods hanging from one of the indigo plants in his garden across the Banghiang River. Each of them is full of tiny black seeds.
“If we pick young leaves, you won't get the beautiful shade of blue,” his wife added.
Back at their house, the leaves are soaked in water for 24 hours. When the water turns green the next day, they are removed and a scrap of cloth is used to filter out impurities. More filtering is done to produce thick green paste.
After being soaked overnight, indigo leaves release their colour into the water. (Photo: Pichayada Promchertchoo)
What happens next is a fascinating work of science in the form of local wisdom that has been passed on for generations.
The thick paste is carefully mixed with a precise amount of quicklime, rice wine, crushed citrus leaves and ash water from burnt coconut trees. The fermentation takes a few days to produce the end product – natural deep blue dye.
“We get US$3 per kilogramme for our indigo dye,” Noy said.
Natural indigo dye is kept in stone jars. (Photo: Pichayada Promchertchoo)
Like other villagers, Noy and Sisavath sell their natural indigo dye to local traders who then export it overseas.
“Many foreign countries are interested in our products. It's our special skill because it's what we've been doing for generations. It's also 100 per cent natural,” said village chief Somephone Photisane.
“We're so proud and happy to see Lao products making our name known overseas.”
However, the growing success of Lahanam in producing and exporting high-quality indigo dye was not made possible by the local wisdom alone but also efforts from various parties to help rural communities in Savannakhet market their products.
Natural indigo-dyed cotton is dried in the sun at Lahanam village in Savannakhet, Laos. The deep blue colour comes from the local indigo plant grown in the locals' gardens. (Photo: Pichayada Promchertchoo)
In 2008, the Lao government launched a programme called One District One Product (ODOP) with help from the Japan International Cooperation Agency. Focusing on Savannakhet and Saravanh provinces, ODOP is aimed at improving local livelihoods through the promotion of marketable products for export.
“It has helped to reduce poverty, improving the lives of the people in the village and creating jobs,” Somephone said.
"We now have good roads, big houses, cars and electricity. Life is much more comfortable."
Wet cotton threads dyed with natural indigo are hung to dry at Lahanam village. (Photo: Pichayada Promchertchoo)
In a paddy field near his village, a few farmers are hard at work. All of them wear dark blue cotton shirts dyed with natural indigo from Lahanam. The material - durable and absorbent - is commonly used by rice farmers to protect their skin from the sun.
But away in boutique shops overseas, the same material has been turned into various fashionable garments. Different fashion cut from the same cloth.
For more on this and other projects around Southeast Asia, tune in to Tapestry: The Heart of ASEAN on Channel NewsAsia every Tuesday from Feb 27 to Mar 27 at 11pm.
HAMLIN TOWNSHIP, Mich. (WOOD) — Crews on Lake Michigan still haven't been able to recover a yacht from where it ran aground north of Ludington over the weekend.
Saturday, a man was taking the 76-foot yacht from Pentwater to Traverse City, according to the U.S. Coast Guard. When he realized the boat was taking on water, he ran it aground in about three feet of water near Big Sable Point. The boat started to tip about 15 degrees to the side, but the Coast Guard was soon able to retrieve the man. He wasn't hurt.
Monday, the yacht remained abandoned in the water. The Coast Guard said waves more than four feet high kept commercial salvage crews from getting close enough to deploy a boom around and pump fuel off the boat.
Coast Guard pollution responders out of Grand Haven will oversee the recovery. There are no reports of pollution so far.
Share this: Email
Print
Facebook
Twitter
Google
Pinterest
More
LinkedIn
Tumblr
Reddit
This could be a big red sunset, a farewell party for one of the greatest characters baseball has known.
It's not billed that way, of course. The Cincinnati Reds will dedicate a statue of Pete Rose outside their ballpark Saturday. Charlie Hustle will be forever in bronze, depicted in a headfirst slide.
The Reds are throwing a block party to commemorate the occasion. If you've got a ticket to the game, you can witness a special ceremony for Rose inside the stadium, before the Reds play the Dodgers.
Rose is 76. Baseball threw him out in 1989 and he has pounded on the door for decades, pleading to be let back in — back into the good graces of the game and into the Hall of Fame.
Bud Selig ignored him. When Rob Manfred succeeded Selig as MLB commissioner, Rose got to make his case. Rose also got his answer: No.
Your lifetime ban for betting on baseball still holds, Manfred ruled. You still cannot work in baseball, he said, but the Hall of Fame can deal with you however it wants.
So Rose got to make his case to the Hall: put me on the ballot, and I'll live with the results.
In December — in a decision not made public before now — Rose got his answer: No.
No reinstatement. No chance at the Hall of Fame.
And no loss of love from the hometown. Cincinnati never turned its back on Rose.
“If he lived to be 1,000, he would be as popular on his 1,000th birthday as he was when he played,” said Hall of Fame announcer Marty Brennaman, who has broadcast Reds games since 1974.
“It's a phenomenon unto itself. He was a part of arguably one of the top two or three teams in the history of baseball, and the fact is that he was born and raised in that town.
“That's the most provincial city I have ever lived in. If you were born there and you were one of them from the get-go, you can do no wrong. He's a poster boy for that.”
Rose, baseball's all-time hits leader, was the spark plug for the Big Red Machine, the Reds' World Series championship teams of 1975-76. No National League team has repeated as champion since then.
Rose played his last game in 1986. Scooter Gennett was not born until 1990. No matter, Gennett still loves Rose.
Gennett, the Reds' instant folk hero for his four-homer game this month, also was born in Cincinnati. He remembered meeting Rose at an autograph signing.
“I was probably 6 or 7,” Gennett said. “He was a great guy. Just a very normal guy. Down to Earth.”
Gennett said he cannot wait to meet Rose for the second time in his life, at this weekend's festivities.
And the Hall of Fame?
“I just know that he is the hit king,” Gennett said, “and played the game unlike anybody I have ever seen.
“Just to see the energy and the heart that he played with is something you just don't see a whole lot. With all the hits, and all the amazing things he has done for the game, it doesn't really make sense that he's not in the Hall.”
Brenneman said he used to believe Rose should be banished forever, from every ballpark and from Cooperstown too. Now he sees the vote totals climb higher for Barry Bonds, for Roger Clemens, for other players linked to steroid use.
He wonders why the line should remain drawn at Rose, even if the prohibition on gambling appears on a poster, in large letters, for every player to see, every day.
“It's the same tired old story: that's the one rule in baseball that's on the wall of every clubhouse,” Brennaman said. “Won't deny that. That's accurate.
“But I think there is a time that comes when you have to re-look at the whole situation and say, ‘We look stupid not having inside this building the guy who had the most hits in baseball.'”
There are Rose artifacts on display in the Hall of Fame.
“You certainly can't tell the history of baseball without including Pete Rose,” Hall of Fame president Jeff Idelson said.
It was not until 1991, two years after Rose agreed to a lifetime ban, that the Hall of Fame instituted a rule precluding banned players from standing for election.
Although Manfred wrote in 2015 that “the considerations that should drive a decision on whether an individual should be allowed to work in baseball are not the same as those that should drive a decision on Hall of Fame eligibility,” the Hall of Fame's board of directors rejected any distinction.
“We feel it would be incongruous to be putting someone on a ballot that is otherwise banned from the game,” Idelson said.
Ray Genco, the attorney for Rose, said he hoped the focus this weekend could be on the celebration of Rose, not whether the Hall of Fame might ever let him stand for election.
“Weekends like this show that special relationship fans have with Pete,” Genco said.
“We've engaged with the Hall of Fame and members of the board. At this point, they haven't changed their rule, but I will continue to work for them to change the ‘Pete Rose rule,' which would allow the baseball writers to vote on Pete.”
Manfred has been lenient in letting Rose appear at ballpark ceremonies. Rose took the field when Cincinnati hosted the All-Star game two years ago. The Reds retired his number last year, and they inducted him into the team Hall of Fame. They are dedicating the statue this weekend.
The Reds have no more significant honors left to bestow upon him. Perhaps there is a ceremonial first pitch or two in his future. But he is nearing his ninth decade, and it is unlikely he would be voted into the Hall of Fame — by the writers or by a veterans' committee — even if he made it onto a ballot.
His legacy appears complete, for better and for worse. There is still a celebration to be had this weekend.
So let the sun shine, the band play and the children shout. Let there be joy in Cincinnati, even if the mighty Rose has struck out.
bill.shaikin@latimes.com
Follow Bill Shaikin on Twitter @BillShaikin
Advertisement
The former Vice President, Atiku Abubakar, on Tuesday, said any decision on the restructuring of the country would be taken by the people and not by the politicians alone.
Mr. Abubakar made this remark in Minna after his visit to former military ruler, Ibrahim Babangida, who recently came back from a medical vacation in Germany.
“The issue of restructuring the country is left to Nigerians to decide whether they want it or not,'' he said.
On economic recession, the former vice president said he had been advising the Federal Government positively on how to tackle the problem, even outside the media.
Advertisement
“I have been in the corridors of power before, so it is not easy. Using the media always to advise government is a disservice.
“I know I have been making positive contributions to the government aside the media to enable us come out of recession,'' he said.
He said he was at the residence of Mr. Babangida to know how the former president was faring after his medical trip abroad.
“I am here to visit my brother to see how he is doing after his recent medical vacation abroad,'' he said.
The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that Mr. Abubakar was in company with Gov. Abubakar Bello of Niger and some chieftains of the Progressives Congress (APC) in the state.
The Australian actor donned a full body wetsuit to catch some waves on Vancouver Island this weekend
Australian actor Chris Hemsworth spent time in Tofino last weekend and caught some waves. (Instagram/Chris Hemsworth)
More and more actors and actresses are spending time in British Columbia, mostly due to Vancouver solidifying itself as Hollywood North for major TV and movie productions.
It's no longer unusual to see famous celebrities eating at the same restaurants we frequent or hanging out at the same places we've long since known as local gems. And with the influence of social media these days, many are also chronically their journey for the rest of us to follow along.
Australian actor Chris Hemsworth, known for his title role as Thor in the Marvel movie universe since 2011, has kept himself busy this past week on the West Coast. He's been spending time in Vancouver shooting the movie ‘Bad Times at the El Royale', and last week shared a video view of his condo from high above Stanley Park.
RELATED: Chris Hemsworth loves visiting B.C.
A few days later he took in some Rugby Sevens action at B.C. Place and handed out a prize following the final match.
But this past weekend it was time for Hemsworth to head over to Vancouver Island and catch some waves near Tofino.
He posted to Instagram: ‘Not sure if we're robbing banks or surfing but it's damn cold in Canada. Well worth it though, what a beautiful place!!'
According to his Instagram page, the 34-year-old looks like he surfs a lot — including with his young daughter.
And after spending some time in a full body wetsuit, Hemsworth made sure to warm up with a steaming bowl of Vietnamese Pho as he continues to conquer mountains, embrace challenges and push phoward.
ragnar.haagen@bpdigital.ca
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter
DESPITE increase in prices of petroleum products at world markets and recommendation by the regulator to this effect, the government Saturday decided not to raise oil prices for the next two weeks describing it as a New Year gift for the masses. Finance Minister Ishaq Dar in a statement said the government would have to face the burden of Rs 4b for maintaining the prices at current level.
As the country imports a large amount of oil products to meet its local requirements therefore, the prices are also fixed as per trends prevailing in the international markets. It, therefore, will be unjust not to give credit to government for maintaining stability in the oil prices despite fluctuation since April 2016. Though the government was also criticised for not bringing down prices as per the market crash witnessed by crude oil two years back but it is also a fact that prices in the country remained and still are the lowest when compared with regional countries. And now when the prices are inching upwards after the OPEC struck an agreement in December to reduce oil production, the government has managed to keep prices unchanged for the benefit of common man. No doubt such pro-people decisions always go in favour of the government both in short and long terms and enhance its image and stature in the eyes of the people. In fact this stability in prices of petroleum products over the last eight months or so has also helped keep prices of essential commodities under control and substantially reduced transport fares. In spite of all the goodwill generated in the public, the government's recent decision of putting regulatory authorities under the control of ministries including the deregulation of CNG sector have raised many eyebrows with fears that it might hurt the interests of consumers. Apart from the prices of petroleum, we will also urge the government to maintain the regulator check on CNG in order to ensure affordable supply of gas to commuters. Protecting interests of consumers should always be the foremost priority and any compromise on it will not augur well for ruling party especially at a time when the parties are entering into election mode.
Related
A political campaign fund set up in Brazil with public money to help fight corruption is not big enough for the country's 2018 general election, the head of the country's top electoral court said on Friday.
São Paulo: A political campaign fund set up in Brazil with public money to help fight corruption is not big enough for the country's 2018 general election, the head of the country's top electoral court said on Friday.
Brazil's scandal-plagued political class voted on Wednesday to establish the 1.7 billion reais (US$542 million) fund to finance election campaigns after corporate donations were banned in the wake of the country's biggest ever corruption scandal.
Backers of the fund said organised crime would step in to finance politicians if taxpayer funds were not made available.
But Gilmar Mendes, the head of Brazil's TSE electoral court, said the fund would need more money.
"This is a discussion we're going to have to continue, the debate on whether there are sufficient resources. It is evident that they will not be enough," Mendes, who is also a Supreme Court justice, said.
The ban on corporate funding coupled with the drying up of under-the-table contributions and kickbacks during Brazil's Car Wash corruption probe has left lawmakers struggling to raise money for their campaigns.
Advertisement
Advertisement
Critics of the campaign fund said it was aimed at providing funding for lawmakers seeking re-election to shield themselves from prosecution for corruption.
Mendes said one possibility to boost campaign financing next year would be to increase federal transfers to another fund that finances political parties called Fundo Partidario. The current budget estimates transfers of 888 million reais to this fund in 2017.
(Reporting by Ricardo Brito; Writing by Marcelo Teixeira; Editing by Andrew Hay)
related media assets (image or videos) available. Click to see the gallery.
3 related media assets (image or videos) available. Click to see the gallery.
The Philippines military said it arrested one of the Maute brothers on Thursday, a senior member of the Islamic State-backed militants it is fighting in a southern city.
MARAWI CITY, Philippines: A Philippines politician said on Thursday residents fleeing besieged Marawi City had seen scores of dead bodies in an area where intense fighting has taken place between security forces and Islamist militants in the last three weeks.
"Dead bodies, at least 100, scattered around the encounter area," Zia Alonto Adiong, a politician in the area who is helping in rescue and relief efforts, told reporters, referring to accounts he had received from fleeing residents.
The military said it could not confirm the report.
The army has said 290 people have been killed in the more than three weeks of fighting, including 206 militants, 58 soldiers and 26 civilians.
Lieutenant Colonel Jo-Ar Herrera, a military spokesman, said troops were advancing towards the commercial centre of Marawi City, which is held by the militants who have sworn allegiance to Islamic State.
Advertisement
Advertisement
"We intend to finish the fight as soon as possible. Our tactical commanders are doing their best," Herrera said.
But troops still faced up to 200 fighters, many of whom had taken up sniper positions, he said.
"The battlefield is very fluid," he said.
Earlier, the military said it has arrested the brother of the top militant commanders leading the Islamists in their fight against the government.
The man, Mohammad Noaim Maute, alias Abu Jadid, was arrested at a checkpoint near the coastal city of Cagayan de Oro just after dawn, Herrera said.
Two of Mohammad's brothers, Omarkhayam and Abdullah, lead the Maute gang that is at the forefront of the battle for Marawi City.
Marawi is about 100 km (60 miles) south of Cagayan de Oro, but it was not clear whether Mohammad was coming from the embattled city.
Most of the other seven Maute brothers, including Omarkhayam and Abdullah, are believed to be in Marawi.
Their parents were taken into custody last week in separate cities.
Brigadier-General Gilbert Gapay, spokesman for the military's Eastern Mindanao Command, said Mohammad Noaim Maute was a suspected bomb-maker for the group.
He said Maute was holding a fake student card of the Mindanao State University, based in Marawi, when stopped at the checkpoint. He was not armed.
Police said Maute, an Arabic-language teacher, readily admitted his identity when questioned.
(Additional reporting by Manny Mogato; Writing by Raju Gopalakrishnan; Editing by Robert Birsel)
WASHINGTON: French President Emmanuel Macron on Tuesday (Apr 24) proposed a "new deal" to address President Donald Trump's many concerns about the existing nuclear pact with Iran.
Here is a look at what may be in the works, and the challenges a new deal could entail.
MACRON'S PROPOSAL
In a press conference at the White House, Macron said the 2015 Iran nuclear deal did not go far enough, while crediting it for allowing the international community "some control" over Iran's nuclear activities.
Other areas still need addressing, he said, namely: Iran's nuclear activities after 2025 when so-called sunset clauses in the current deal kick in; Iran's ballistic missile activities; and a political means to limit Iran's activities in Yemen, Syria, Iraq, and Lebanon.
Iran is a key ally of Syrian President Bashar al-Assad, supports Hezbollah militias in Lebanon and backs Yemen's Huthi rebels, who are locked in a war with a Saudi-led coalition.
Advertisement
Advertisement
"It's not about tearing apart an agreement and having nothing, but it's about building something new that will cover all of our concerns," Macron said.
The French president said France and its allies want "sustainable stability," following months of Trump anger at the original Iran deal and threats to back out of it.
"I believe that the discussions we've had together made it possible to ... pave the way for a new agreement, an agreement on which we will work, and beyond our European partners, we would like to involve the regional powers, and of course, Russia and Turkey," he said.
Macron indicated his suggestion was for a separate accord that would run alongside the current deal.
"I'm not saying that we move from one agreement to another," he said.
The proposal appears to repackage a solution previously floated by the Europeans to meet Trump's demands, by taking a tougher line on Iranian missile activity and Tehran's regional influence, but without ripping up the existing nuclear deal.
WHAT'S AT STAKE
With a hollowed-out State Department, even a transatlantic deal could prove an epic undertaking for the Trump administration, and Iran has already signalled that any talk of curbing its missile programme is off limits.
Further, Trump has shown little appetite for international deal-making.
The existing nuclear deal was struck in 2015 after 21 months of gruelling diplomacy.
In return for the lifting of punishing international sanctions, Iran froze its nuclear programme, ending a 12-year standoff with the West, which worried it was developing a nuclear bomb.
Britain, China, France, Russia, the United States and Germany signed off on the deal that, among other things, requires Iran to slash the amount of uranium it can enrich.
TRUMP'S VIEW
Trump has continually lambasted the accord signed by his predecessor Barack Obama, calling it at one point the "worst deal ever."
On Tuesday, he described it as "insane," and in October he refused to certify that Iran was respecting its commitments on the pact - though he stopped short of walking away altogether.
At least on first blush, the US leader appeared receptive to trying to reach some sort of grand bargain.
"I think we will have a great shot at doing a much bigger, maybe, deal," said Trump, stressing that any new accord would have to be built on "solid foundations."
"They should have made a deal that covered Yemen, that covered Syria, that covered other parts of the Middle East," said Trump.
The next decision deadline for Trump on the Iran deal is May 12.
"We're going to see what happens," he said.
ORCHARD PARK, N.Y. (WIVB) — The longest- running playoff drought continues. For 17 straight seasons, the Bills season ends as the regular season wraps up.
Ask Bills fans where they were 6,204 days — they might not know.
“6,204 days — what was that?,” asks Charles Pelline. “The last time they were in the playoffs?”
That's right. Bills fans have been waiting more than 6200 days to see the team in postseason play.
“I wasn't even an adult then,” said Derek Lenz, a Bills season ticketholder.
It was January 8, 2000 — the Bills were taking on the Tennessee Titans for the AFC Wildcard game. With 16 seconds left, the Bills were up, 16-15.
“I was so excited,” said Lenz. “I thought we had it won.”
“I remember enjoying a victory,” said Pelline. “[Thinking] we're advancing in the playoffs. We will have a good year this year and we might advance all the way.”
And then a play which makes this game known as the Music City Miracle.
“All we had to do was get through one play,” said Pelline. “And all of that deflated like a burst balloon. We went from victory to defeat in 10 seconds.”
The Bills kick off. Titans tight end Frank Wycheck is there to return it. Trapped. No where to go. He sees teammate Kevin Dyson across the field and throws a lateral pass to Dyson. Dyson takes it to the house. A 75-yard return. The Titans win it, 22-16.
“Wow, craziness- craziness,” said Robert Evans, remembering the play.
There's been a lot of controversy surrounding the play – it looks like a forward lateral from Wycheck to Dyson.
“I remember I was like ‘Man, I can't believe we lost this to a bad call and I have to wait a whole ‘nother year,” said Lenz. “It's been 17 years and I'm still waiting.”
A lot has happened while fans have been waiting.
The United States was under attack on September 11, 2001; entered two wars; has gone through two two-term presidential administrations. Smartphones are common place. Buffalo began utilizing its waterfront, opening Canalside.
And the Bills, still haven't been bound for the playoffs.
Somethings haven't changed.
“We support them through thick and thin,” said Evans.
“Win; lose; Super Bowl, no Super Bowl; playoffs, no playoffs — we'll always be Bills fans,” said Pelline.
And that's something that's probably true for most Bills fans.
“We will stand by the team no matter what.”
LONDON (Reuters) - Ines Henriques smashed her own world record by more than two minutes to win the inaugural women's 50-kilometre race walk at the World Championships on Sunday.
The 37-year-old crossed the finishing line at The Mall in 4 hours, 5 minutes and 56 seconds, obliterating her previous best of 4:08:26 which she set in January after the IAAF ratified conditions for a women's 50km record.
Henriques dominated the race to win her first major global title, and the first race walking title to go to a Portuguese woman.
Draped in the flag of her country, she was embraced after the finishing line by a member of her team and cheered generously by the crowds lined up all the way down from Buckingham Palace.
"It is great that the 50km is at the World Championships despite the fact that it is a really hard event," Henriques told reporters.
Athletics - World Athletics Championships – women's 50 km walk – London Stadium, London, Britain – August 13, 2017 – Ines Henriques of Portugal crosses the finish line to win the gold medal. Matthew Childs
"The last 5kms were really tough. My goal was to go under 4 hours and 6 minutes, so I am really happy with this time.
"It felt like at home in London with so many Portuguese fans supporting me. I hope that in future we will see more women competing at this distance."
Athletes from China completed the podium. Yin Hang claimed silver with an Asian record of 4:08:58, while 20-year-old Yang Shuqing finished third with a personal best of 4:20:49.
The conditions were near-perfect for the athletes, who were competing at the same time as the men, with bright sunshine, clear skies and a cool breeze.
The IAAF introduced the women's 50km to the programme in July in order to ensure gender equality.
Feb 2, 2018 (Reuters) - AURELIUS EQUITY OPPORTUNITIES SE & CO KGAA:
* AURELIUS SELLS AH INDUSTRIES TO THE MANAGEMENT TEAM WITH LONG-STANDING EXPERIENCE IN THE WIND INDUSTRY Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
The potential for temporary British membership of the European Economic Area after it leaves the European Union would be both challenging and costly to handle, Norway's Prime Minister Erna Solberg told Reuters on Monday.
ARENDAL, Norway: The potential for temporary British membership of the European Economic Area after it leaves the European Union would be both challenging and costly to handle, Norway's Prime Minister Erna Solberg told Reuters on Monday.
"There would be a cost they would have to share, and an authority outside their border that could impose binding decisions on them, which is not entirely in line with what they've said they want ... But we're prepared for various scenarios," Solberg said on the sidelines of a news conference.
(Reporting by Joachim Dagenborg, writing by Terje Solsvik, editing by Gwladys Fouche)
By-elections are being held for two town councillor positions in Shaftesbury East Ward and one town councillor position in Shaftesbury West Ward on Thursday 9 March.
There will be one polling station for each ward. Residents in the Shaftesbury West Ward will be required to go to Shaftesbury Town Hall. Residents in Shaftesbury East Ward will be required to go to Lindlar Hall. Both polling stations will be open from 7am until 10pm.
The last date for registering to vote at the by-election is Tuesday 21 February. Residents of both wards can register at www.gov.uk/register-to-vote
Applications, amendments or cancellations of postal votes and amendments or cancellations of proxy votes must reach the Elections Team at South Walks House, South Walks Road, Dorchester, Dorset DT1 1UZ by 5pm on Wednesday, 22nd February 2017.
New applications to vote by proxy at this election must reach the Electoral Registration Officer at South Walks House, South Walks Road, Dorchester, Dorset DT1 1UZ by 5pm on Wednesday 1 March 2017.
Education Minister Mitzie Hunter packed more bologna than was thought to be humanly possible into a short letter to the editor last week.
To call the letter disingenuous would be a kindness. It was full of unadulterated nonsense.
"Our government remains committed to students in rural Ontario." Some plans to close rural schools involve disrupting student education and busing youngsters as long as 90 minutes a day one way. Some commitment.
The minister goes on to say the government spends $1,000 more for each rural pupil compared to urban pupils. So what? Of course education in rural areas will be more expensive. It's the density thing.
Hunter then detail all the money that has been spent on rural education, the new schools that have been built and schools that have been renovated.
Thanks very much, but what about the schools that have been closed?
Hunter takes on the Ontario Conservative leader for demanding a moratorium on school closings.
Hunter: "We continue to see Patrick Brown's Conservatives wanting to restrict the local decision making power of school boards limiting a board's ability to prioritize student needs.
"He wants the decisions that impact local students and communities to be made at Queen's Park without giving the locally-elected trustees . . . the opportunity to have these important planning conversations."
However, Hunter fails to mention these are decisions within a framework of her ministry's making. Local decisions are dictated by funding models that come right out of her department.
Under those models, local boards close schools or lose money. The bureaucrats who run local boards also fall out of favour with their counterparts at Queen's Park if they don't get on the school closing bandwagon.
Of course, this is all about politics and the provincial election in June 2018. Hunter's Liberals are about as popular in rural Ontario as a drunk at a Women's Christian Temperance Union meeting.
Two schools in the Georgian Bay region have escaped the ministry's guillotine at least temporarily because their communities came up with plans to provide financial help.
Private industry is in involved. Local government is involved. A developer is involved.
Neither Hunter's ministry nor the local school board lifted a finger to help keep these schools open, even though the case for closing them was weak at best.
The fact these two schools have been saved was just announced. Hunter is expected to visit the schools in Paisley and Markdale Wednesday.
No reason for the visit has been announced, but if she claims any credit for her ministry she should be shown the route out of town.
jmerriam@bmts.com
The Miyetti Allah Cattle Breeders Association of Nigeria (MACBAN), Nasarawa State Chapter, have called for the deployment of military to border towns between Nasarawa and Benue, to curtail the incessant attacks on the area.
MACBAN's state chairman, Mohammed Hussaini, who made the call in an interview with newsmen on Saturday, said measure would bring the situation under control.
He attributed the spill over of the attacks and killings in border towns to the anti open grazing law being enforced by the Benue Government.
“Since this thing started, we have been under attacks by armed militia groups, in which lots of our people were killed, some are still missing.
“A lot of cows belonging to our members were killed and many other rustled in some of these attacks.
“The lives of our members are also being threatened in all the border towns; so the federal government should come to our aid by deploying the military to the affected areas,” he said.
Hussaini said the security agencies should investigate and arrest the criminal elements responsible for the attacks and bring them to justice.
He noted that there were criminal elements in every tribe, and cautioned against the quick generalization tribes when a crime was committed.
“A criminal is a criminal whether he or she is Igbo, Hausa, Eggon or Fulani, but why generalize the Fulanis when some of them commit any crime?” he asked.
He blamed the media for its antagonistic reports on Fulanis, saying “ these are some of the factors that fuel crisis”.
The Chairman commended the Nasarawa state government and heads of security agencies in the state for the proactive steps they took in handling security matters.
Farmersville city officials have confirmed that Farmersville residents Greg and his son, Tim Barber were killed Saturday, Dec. 31 in an airplane crash in McKinney.
A third person, whose identity has not been released, was also killed in the crash.
Though the FAA and NTSB are still investigating the crash, preliminary information released states that the two planes collided over McKinney near Aero Country Airport shortly after 5:30 p.m.
One of the small, private airplanes crashed into Custer Road in McKinney, shutting down the road for an extended period of time while investigators secured the wreckage.
The other aircraft crashed into Uncle Bob's Self Storage.
NTSB has confirmed that no one was injured on the ground as a result of the crash.
Greg and Tim were beloved in the Farmersville community, one of the leaders of Boy Scout 310. Tim was also very involved in the troop and had achieved the rank of Eagle Scout.
Greg was also a retired Air Force Pilot and his son, Tim had just completed his first semester at the U.S. Air Force Academy in Colorado Springs. He was home on Christmas break.
Service times for the father and son are unknown at this time.
By Wyndi Veigel • News Editor • news@csmediatexas.com
It's got to be a joke — and a bad one at that.
Dellen Millard, 32, is already twice convicted of murder: first for the slaying of Ancaster dad Tim Bosma and recently for the killing of his former Toronto girlfriend Laura Babcock.
He still faces a third murder trial in April on charges he killed his own father and made it look like suicide.
Millard was then set to inherit millions from his father's aviation business.
Yet someone has actually started a Facebook fundraiser for the rich accused serial killer.
Called “Help raise money for Dellen Millard's Defence,” the anonymous poster says they grew up with Millard — they've never known a “sweeter, more gentle person” — and there's no way he killed his dad, Wayne Millard, in 2012.
“My dear friend Dellen Millard is being unjustly persecuted for the murder of his father, whom he loved dearly.” says the poster. “He has bravely withstood two unjust persecutions, one of which he had to endure alone, however his funds have run out.
“I make this page on his behalf, to hope that there are still good people out there, willing to see through the lies and realize the burdens this great man has (and continues to) endured through no fault of his own.”
It's enough to make you lose your lunch.
The page has provoked outrage since its first posting on Jan. 26 and has garnered more than 1,500 signatures on an online petition calling on Facebook to shut it down.
“This is an insult to the families of the victims,” wrote Shelly Smith of Stratford in starting the crusade to have the page removed.
The reams of comments on both Facebook and change.org are rightly filled with anger and revulsion.
“Laura is my cousin and he is a murderer already guilty of two counts,” wrote Jamie Groote.
Added Brittany Hale, “I don't agree with raising funds for a millionaire psychopath.”
Millard's Facebook cheerleader has continued to come to his defence despite the wave of revulsion he's unleashed.
“Some of the greatest men in history were greatly reviled and persecuted, until time showed otherwise,” they wrote. “Like Jesus of Nazareth and all the other saints and martyrs. Dellen's time will come. We can only hope it's sooner rather than later.”
Whoever's behind this has a rather vile sense of humour. Whether it's a hoax or not, one thing is certain: Millard doesn't need to crowdfund to pay for a lawyer.
Millard had a legal team when he and co-killer Mark Smich were tried and convicted in 2016 of killing Bosma during a feigned truck test drive. Before the pair went on trial last fall for Babcock's slaying, the aviation heir complained he couldn't afford a lawyer this time and tried unsuccessfully to get Legal Aid.
Justice Michael Code saw through his pleas of poverty. True, his inheritance was tied up while he faced murder charges but the judge insisted he apply to have some of the funds released so he could retain a lawyer. Last summer, he was granted access to $1 million of the $4.8 million in proceeds from the sale of the Millard Properties' hangar in Waterloo.
Still, Millard stalled.
“Although his private resources were undoubtedly depleted to some extent in the Bosma trial in Hamilton, I am satisfied he remains a relatively wealthy individual who is able to retain counsel privately if that is his true wish,” wrote Code in a July pre-trial motion.
Instead, Millard decided to save his money and represent himself.
It didn't go very well.
After the cocky Millard failed to convince the jury that he hadn't murdered Babcock, he was convicted of first-degree murder for the second time. Crown attorney Jill Cameron is seeking a consecutive life term when sentencing is held Feb. 12 — and not one that runs concurrent to his life sentence with no parole for 25 years that he's currently serving for Bosma's murder.
Faced with living in a prison cell for the next half century, Millard suddenly found the money to hire one of his former lawyers, Ravin Pillay, for the sentencing hearing. He's also retained him for his third murder trial.
Asked about the Facebook fundraiser, Pillay seemed genuinely shocked but had no comment.
So worry not for Millard's defence fund.
As for the “good friend” soliciting on his behalf, our best bet is to save the outrage and ignore this troll.
mmandel@postmedia.com
Cops knew Danny Freeman.
The sometime-marijuana dealer in Welch, Okla. — northeast of Tulsa — had been a thorn in their side for years.
Locals said it was almost as if there was a cold war between law and order and the freewheeling Freeman.
But what unfolded on Dec. 30, 1999 rattled investigators to their core.
Danny and Kathy Freeman's trailer home had been set ablaze and by the time authorities arrived, it was a charred wreckage.
Inside, they found the bodies of the Freemans.
An autopsy reported that a blast from a shotgun tore off the bottom half of Danny's face. His wife had been shot in the back of the head. His prized arrowhead collection was gone, his stash of weapons was still in the wreckage.
In addition to a double homicide, detectives were also dealing with something else: two missing teenage girls.
Ashley Freeman, 16, had a contentious relationship with her hot-tempered dad. On that night as the last century was drawing to a close, her friend Lauria Bible was spending the night.
Neither girl has been seen in the intervening 18 years and their fate and whereabouts remains a vexing question for investigators.
“The investigation from day one just wasn't handled right and it got from bad to worse,” Lauria's mom Lorene told The London Sun in 2016. “Their main lead was that the girls had been abducted by Danny – but if they looked they would've found his body lying right there.”
Lorene added: “You can be anywhere from 28-48 hours, you can be in another country.”
And it wasn't the cops who found the departed Danny Freeman: It was Lorene Bible and her husband Jay.
What investigators did find was Lauria's car still parked in front of the trailer's remains, keys still in the ignition. Her purse — containing some cash — was also found.
In the nearly two decades since the tragedy, detectives believe the Freemans were murdered and the two girls kidnapped. Little hope is held out they are alive.
Not her mom.
“I still believe Lauria is alive,” Bible told Oklahoma media.
The Freeman family had Ashley declared dead in 2010.
But answers remain elusive.
The case has taken a dozen chilling twists over the years.
One more recent lead was that Danny Freeman had argued with two men in the weeks before he was murdered. And he was scared.
“We learned that Danny told friends that two people came to the Freeman's residence and there was a heated verbal exchange with one of the men,” said Gary Stansill, an investigator for the local district attorney, adding, “we just want to talk with them.”
One person cops did talk to was Jeremy Jones.
The 41-year-old — now residing on Alabama's death row for the rape and murder of a woman — was busted for public intoxication just 29 km. from the Freeman's ranch.
Jones is a piece of work.
He confessed to murdering the Freemans over a dope debt and added that he executed the two teens in Galena, Kansas then tossed their bodies in an abandoned mine shaft.
But a search of where he claimed to have dumped the teens came up empty and Jones recanted.
“I believe he knows something about the case,” Lorene Bible said.
Now, a very cold case appears to have its burners on high.
Recently, detectives discovered long-lost notes on the seemingly doomed probe.
And there was gold in the yellowing files.
Cops are keeping tight-lipped about what the treasure trove of new leads contains. The specifics are slim — but promising.
“These notes and documents have proven to be extremely valuable,” Stansill told the Miami News-Record. “This information has produced leads that have produced additional leads.”
The investigator and a colleague from the Oklahoma State Bureau of Investigation have been grilling people who harboured info on the murders and the disappearance of the girls.
Others have also come forward.
And now, two families are praying their agonizing ordeal is drawing to a close. Closure, then, perhaps, healing.
After an 18 year search, the Bible family are no closer to finding out what happened to Lauria and Ashley.
“Eighteen years and these girls need to be brought home, whether they be alive or dead, they need to come home,” the family said.
bhunter@postmedia.com
Newcastle fans' hero Alan Shearer has listed Sunderland's support for Bradley Lowery as one of his footballing highlights of the year.
The little boy's story has touched hundreds of thousands of hearts around the world, no more so than here in his native North East where it has seen Newcastle and Sunderland fans set rivalries aside.
...
He was also chosen for Match of the Day's Goal of the Month honour.
Now former Newcastle captain Shearer has selected Sunderland's support for Bradley and his family among his highlights of the year.
Writing in The Sun, he said: "The five-year-old Sunderland fan has captured the hearts of the nation in his brave battle against neuroblastoma.
"Ahead of the home game against Chelsea, the Black Cats let him warm up with the players, score a penalty then finally lead them out in the arms of Jermain Defoe.
"Despite his heart-breaking illness, he has an infectious smile and Sunderland have helped to make that wider than ever. They have been a class act."
KUALA LUMPUR: Anwar Ibrahim, the de facto leader of the People's Justice Party, has dismissed the idea that charges against former Malaysian prime minister Najib Razak were "politically motivated" - a phrase Anwar himself had used to describe convictions that twice put him in jail.
Najib was charged on Wednesday (Jul 4) with three counts of criminal breach of trust and one count of using his position for gratification. They are linked to a probe into how billions of dollars went missing from state fund 1MDB.
"I don't see how the charges can be deemed as politically motivated, because there was evidence," said Anwar at a news conference in Jakarta after speaking at a leadership forum on Wednesday.
Advertisement
"I'm not privy to all the evidence, but I am privy to many of the facts, the reports submitted by various agencies within the country, and particularly the Department of Justice of the United States.
"But notwithstanding all that, this is also a test for Malaysia to respect due process and the rule of law, and I would certainly expect it since it is part of our manifesto in our agenda, and Mahathir has committed himself to ensure there is judicial independence in the country," he added.
Anwar was imprisoned on corruption charges in the 1990s after a falling out with Mahathir Mohamad during his first stint as prime minister. In 2015, Anwar was convicted of sodomy, an outcome which he blamed on Najib's government, saying it was orchestrated to keep him out of politics.
Now, Najib's spokesperson says Mahathir's new government - led by an alliance made up of Mahathir's and Anwar's parties - are persecuting him by arresting then charging him.
Advertisement
Advertisement
At the courthouse on Wednesday, Najib supporters held signs saying "No repeat of Anwar on Najib".
As he left the court, the former prime minister maintained his innocence, and said the trial was the "best chance" for him to clear his name.
Mahathir had no comments on the case when pressed by media in Putrajaya after Najib was charged, but earlier this month, he told Channel NewsAsia that Najib's case was "clearer" than Anwar's.
No comment from PM Mahathir Mohamad on Najib Razak's charges. pic.twitter.com/0RfIF4LADD — Sumisha Naidu (@SumishaCNA) July 4, 2018
"The whole election was based on this accusation so people are not going to say, well, we are persecuting this man and all that," he said in the interview.
"They know of the wrong things that he has done. Their worry is that he might escape, somehow or rather, good lawyers might get him off the hook," he added.
Meanwhile, Deputy Prime Minister Wan Azizah Wan Ismail, who is on an overseas trip to Mongolia, said she hopes that Najib will be treated with respect and dignity.
In a statement on Wednesday, she said: "We respect the law. We hope MACC (Malaysian Anti-Corruption Commission) treats Najib with respect and dignity. I pray for justice for him and his family. Let the due process of law run its course."
Arizona Diamondbacks Manager Torey Lovullo named left-hander Robbie Ray his starting pitcher for Saturday's second game of the National League Division Series at Dodger Stadium. Ray threw 34 pitches out of the bullpen in Arizona's wild-card game victory Wednesday, but he told the team he felt fine, so start on short rest he will.
“I never really get sore a whole lot,” Ray said Thursday. “So, yeah.”
On Friday, Ray indicated he had little doubt he'd get the baseball for this series' second game.
“I want the ball every game, honestly,” Ray said. “I mean, if you didn't, you probably shouldn't be here. But I was going to get myself as ready as possible for this game."
Lovullo also confirmed that former Dodger right-hander Zack Greinke will start Monday's Game 3 at Chase Field. Greinke exited early from the wild-card game, forcing Ray's insertion to bridge the gap into the back end of the bullpen.
Ray, 26, was one of baseball's best pitchers this season. Only Boston left-hander Chris Sale struck out a higher rate of batters.
By starting Saturday, Ray can also start a potential fifth game on normal rest. If Dodgers Manager Dave Roberts was telling the truth when he said that left-hander Alex Wood will start Game 4, Ray would be facing Dodgers ace Clayton Kershaw in the fifth and final game.
KIEV/MOSCOW: A dissident Russian journalist reported murdered in Kiev on Tuesday dramatically reappeared alive on Wednesday during a briefing by Ukrainian state security about the killing, which they then said they had faked.
Authorities said Arkady Babchenko was shot dead at his flat and found by his wife in a pool of blood.
Advertisement
But he took to the podium before stunned reporters and said he had been part of a Ukrainian operation to thwart a Russian attempt on his life and expose those behind it.
"I would like to apologise for what you have all had to go through," said Babchenko, who looked on the verge of tears. "I'm sorry but there was no other way of doing it. Separately, I want to apologise to my wife for the hell that she has been through."
His reappearance elicited gasps, then cheers and applause from journalists at the briefing.
Babchenko, 41, is a critic of President Vladimir Putin and Russian policy in Ukraine and Syria. His reported murder sparked a war of words between Ukraine and Russia, a flurry of condemnations from European capitals and Washington, and shivers through the journalistic communities in both countries.
Advertisement
Advertisement
This was in part because several prominent Russian journalists critical of Putin's policies have been murdered in recent years. Opposition groups and human rights organizations say the Kremlin is behind the killings. The Kremlin denies this.
But there were signs of a backlash against Ukraine. Some media organisations said the staged plot undermined the credibility of journalists. Others said it had handed the Kremlin a propaganda gift.
Babchenko praised the operation, however, and thanked the Ukrainian Security Service, the SBU, for saving his life. He said the most important thing was that what he called other big acts of terror had been thwarted.
STING PLOT
The SBU said it received information about a plot to kill 30 people in Ukraine, including Babchenko, but had thwarted it.
The security service declined to say who the other 29 people were but said it had detained a Ukrainian citizen recruited by Russia to find someone to kill Babchenko. He was given US$40,000 to organise the murder, US$30,000 for the killer and US$10,000 for being an intermediary, the SBU said.
The detained man had been ordered to buy weapons, including 300 Kalashnikovs, grenade launchers, and explosives which were to be stashed in central Ukraine, it added. A video of the man being detained was shown to reporters.
"We managed not only to break this cynical provocation, but also to document the preparation of this shameful crime by Russian special services," SBU chief Vasyl Hrytsak said.
General Prosecutor Yuriy Lutsenko, who appeared alongside Babchenko, said it had been necessary to fake the journalist's death so that the organisers of the plot to kill him would believe they had succeeded.
Ukraine's prime minister, foreign minister, the European Union, the United States and the Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe were among the many to condemn Babchenko's reported murder.
News that he was alive brought a mixture of relief and praise for the Ukrainian security services, including from President Petro Poroshenko, but a backlash from certain quarters about how the incident was handled.
"Reporters Without Borders expresses its sharp indignation on learning of the Ukrainian secret service's manipulation carried out as part of an information war," Christophe Deloire, secretary general of Reporters Without Borders, said on social media. "It is always very dangerous for states to play with facts and especially on the backs of journalists."
RUSSIAN MOCKERY
Russian state media mocked Ukraine for solving a murder it had staged itself, while the Russian Foreign ministry said it was happy that Babchenko was alive, but said Ukraine has used his story as propaganda.
The New York-based Committee to Protect Journalists said it was also unimpressed.
"We are relieved that Arkady Babchenko is alive," said the CPJ's Nina Ognianova. "(But) Ukrainian authorities must now disclose what necessitated the extreme measure of staging news of the Russian journalist's murder."
Babchenko has lived in the Ukrainian capital since receiving threats at home for saying he did not mourn the victims of a Russian military plane crash.
Ukrainian Prime Minister Volodymyr Groysman had said in a social media posting late on Tuesday that he was convinced what he called "the Russian totalitarian machine" had not forgiven Babchenko for what Groysman called his honesty.
Moscow, which has been at odds with Kiev since a 2014 popular revolt in Ukraine that toppled a Russian-backed government in favour of a pro-Western one, described the allegations as part of an anti-Russian smear campaign.
Babchenko sparked a backlash in Russia for his comments in a 2016 Facebook post on the military plane crash. He said his comments, in which he said he "didn't give a damn" about the incident, had resulted in thousands of threats, his home address being published online and calls for him to be deported.
The plane, carrying 92 people, including dozens of Red Army Choir singers, dancers and orchestra members, crashed into the Black Sea on its way to Syria in December 2016, killing everyone on board.
(Additional reporting by Tom Balmforth and Maria Kiselyova in Moscow, Pavel Polityuk, Olena Vasina and Natalia Zinets in Kiev; Editing by Christian Lowe/Mark Heinrich)
Amazon.com Inc on Thursday reported a profit near $2 billion, the largest in its history, as the online retailer drew millions of new customers to its Prime fast-shipping club for the holiday season and as changes to U.S. tax law added to its bottom line.
Shares rose more than 6 percent in extended trading, after previously closing down 4 percent on the Nasdaq.
Seattle-based Amazon is using fast shipping, television shows exclusive to its website and forays into new technology, such as its voice-controlled Alexa devices, to attract high-spending Prime members. Amazon said price cuts at Whole Foods Market, which it acquired for $13.7 billion last year, are helping it win grocery sales, too.
The world's largest online retailer said net income more than doubled to $1.86 billion, or $3.75 per share in the fourth quarter ended Dec. 31. Its profit received a provisional $789 million boost from the U.S. Republican tax bill passed in December. Analysts on average were expecting just $1.85 per share, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S.
“This was another blow-out quarter for Amazon,” said GBH Insights analyst Daniel Ives. “The retail strength was eye-popping as the company had a banner holiday season and looked to capture roughly 50 percent of all e-commerce holiday season sales.”
As expected, the period running from before the U.S. Thanksgiving holiday through New Years was Amazon's biggest-ever by revenue. Sales rose 38 percent to $60.5 billion in the quarter, beating estimates.
The company's fast delivery, like its two-hour Prime Now service, has helped win over holiday shoppers eager to avoid the crowds of big box retailers. Prime saw more than 4 million sign-ups in one week alone last quarter, and revenue from subscription fees grew 49 percent to $3.2 billion, Amazon said.
That figure is expected to rise this quarter in part because the company recently raised the fee for month-to-month Prime plans, affecting some 30 percent of subscribers, according to analysts at Cowen & Co. Some 60 million, or close to half of all U.S. households, are estimated to have Prime subscriptions.
Advertising and other revenue rose 62 percent to $1.74 billion.
Brian Olsavsky, Amazon's chief financial officer, said on a call with analysts that advertising was “a key contributor” to the company's growing profit margin. Alphabet Inc's Google on Thursday reported ad revenue of $27.2 billion by comparison.
Perhaps the surprise star of the past quarter was Amazon's voice aide Alexa, embedded in the company's Echo speakers and Fire TV players, as well as some cars and house gadgets. Millions of Amazon customers ordered goods by voice with Alexa in the past year, said Olsavsky on a separate call with reporters.
“Our 2017 projections for Alexa were very optimistic, and we far exceeded them,” added Jeff Bezos, Amazon's founder and chief executive, in a statement. “We don't see positive surprises of this magnitude very often — expect us to double down.”
HEAVY SPENDING
Amazon's stock has outperformed the S&P 500, rising almost 50 percent since the start of the fourth quarter to Thursday's close, compared with the S&P's 12 percent rise.
Its shares trade at a premium to those of many peers. The stock's price-to-earnings ratio is nearly 12 times that of cloud computing rival Microsoft Corp, for instance.
Amazon Web Services (AWS), which is dueling with Microsoft to handle data and computing for large enterprises, saw its profit margin expand from the third quarter.
This was a “sign of platform strength despite increasing competition,” said Baird Equity Research analyst Colin Sebastian in a research note.
AWS posted a 45 percent rise in sales to $5.1 billion.
Amazon said it expects operating profit in the current quarter of between $300 million and $1 billion. Analysts were expecting $1.5 billion, according to analytics firm FactSet.
Olsavsky, Amazon's CFO, told reporters, “We're still in heavy investment mode.”
The company has become notorious for running on a low profit margin. Yet its big bets on new services and entry into new industries have reaped shareholders rewards over the past decade, including its founder Bezos, now the richest man in the world.
Amazon continues to spend on a wide array of areas. It is expanding its retail footprint outside the United States, particularly in India, and almost doubled its international operating loss to $919 million in the fourth quarter. Amazon's global headcount is up 66 percent from a year ago at 566,000 full-time and part-time employees, thanks to a hiring spree and an influx of workers from Whole Foods Market.
And earlier this week, it announced a partnership with JPMorgan Chase & Co and Berkshire Hathaway Inc to determine how to cut health costs for hundreds of thousands of their employees.
The company said it plans to spend more on video content this year as well, with a prequel television series to “The Lord of the Rings” in the works. Analysts estimate Amazon spent $4.5 billion or more in 2017.
“Revenue and margins vastly exceeded expectations, and cost control was impressive, so that's what people are focused on,” said Wedbush Securities analyst Michael Pachter, adding, “It's clear that they will spend a lot more in 2018.”
MANHATTAN BEACH, Calif. — Facebook is the most downloaded app ever for Apple iPhones. Did your favorite app make the top 10?
The Apple iTunes App Store turns 10 on July 10, and to celebrate, market research firm AppAnnie compiled a list marking the trends of the last decade, including the most downloaded apps, the most money spent on them and the market share disparity between Apple's iOS operating system and Google's Android.
Since the iOS App Store opened in 2008, some 170 billion apps have been downloaded, and we've spent $130 billion on them. In other words, Apple and app makers have done really well together. Apple takes a 30% commission on every app sold or in-app purchase. And on the average, we have just over 100 apps installed on our iPhones and open just under 40 of them monthly.
Phones using the Android operating system dominate with an 85% market share, according to market research firm IDC, to just 15% for iOS, despite the iPhone being the far and away single best device seller. Because many Android models have a much lower retail price, there are many more Androids in use.
iPhone home screen
Jefferson Graham
Still, iOS apps represent 30% of all app downloads, to 70% for Android, says AppAnnie, but consumers are more likely to spend money buying apps or on in-app purchases via iOS to Google, 66% to 34%.
Games are the biggest moneymaker. They represent just 31% of downloads, but 75% of money spent on apps.
The most popular game downloads of all time are highlighted by Candy Crush Saga. The rest of the top 5:
— Subway Surfers.
— Fruit Ninja
— Clash of Clans
— Honour of KInds.
For overall apps, Facebook is the most popular app download, followed by:
— Facebook Messenger
— YouTube
— Instagran
— What's App
— Google Maps
— Snapchat
— Skype
— WeChat (Chinese messaging apps.)
— QQ (Chinese messaging app.)
AppAnnie didn't estimate individual download numbers in its rankings.
The non-game apps that bring in the most revenue all tend to be entertainment-related.
Streaming video service Netflix is no. 1, followed by:
— Spotify, the streaming music service.
— Pandora, the veteran music streamer.
— Tencent Video (from China)
— Tinder, the dating service.
As for the current top 10, it's more of the same, with a few name games you may have heard of.
— Hole.IO, the game is no. 1 on App Annie's chart, followed by:
— Instagram
— YouTube
— Facebook Messenger
— Snapchat
— Fortnite
— Facebook
— Helix Jump
— World Link
— Google Maps.
The top 3 markets for apps, by far, are the United States (40 billion downloaded in 2017) closely followed by China (39 billion) and Japan (9.5) to 8 billion in the United KIngdom and 4.5 billion in Russia.
While the U.S. average is 96 apps downloaded to our iPhones, France tops the list at 114 apps, with Mexico the lowest at 89. I have 298 apps—how many are on your iPhone? And which ones do you open daily? Let's talk about it on Twitter, where I'm @jeffersongraham.
Copyright 2017 USATODAY.com
With the Centrica (LSE: CNA) stock price having fallen by 35% in the last year, it now has a dividend yield of 8.6% for the current year. This is likely to appeal to a wide range of income investors, largely because it is nearly three time the rate of inflation. However, there could be more to the company than simply a high dividend yield. Furthermore, it's not the only income stock which could be worth a closer look at the present time. Reporting on Monday was a dividend growth stock which could offer high returns.
We will use your email address only to keep you informed about updates to our web site and about other products and services that we think might interest you. The Motley Fool respects your privacy! Please read our Privacy Statement.
Register by giving us your email below to continue reading all of the content on the site. Soon you will also begin to receive our FREE email newsletter, The Motley Fool Collective. It features straightforward advice on what's really happening with the stock market, direct to your inbox. It's designed to help you protect and grow your portfolio. (You may unsubscribe any time.)
With the Centrica (LSE: CNA) stock price having fallen by 35% in the last year, it now has a dividend yield of 8.6% for the current year. This is likely to appeal to a wide range of income investors, largely because it is nearly three time the rate of inflation.
However, there could be more to the company than simply a high dividend yield. Furthermore, it's not the only income stock which could be worth a closer look at the present time. Reporting on Monday was a dividend growth stock which could offer high returns.
Improving performance
The company in question is ventilation products supplier Volution (LSE: FAN). It released a positive set of interim results which showed a rise in revenue of 11.6%. Organic revenue growth was 6.3%, while inorganic revenue growth was 5.3%. This boosted its adjusted operating profit by 6.7% to £18.3m. Operating margin decreased by 90 basis points, as expected, due to the impact of acquired businesses which have lower margins than the rest of the company.
Volution also announced the acquisition of Simx Limited. It is a market-leading residential ventilation products supplier in New Zealand for both new and refurbishment applications. This could help to boost the company's financial performance, with it expecting to make further progress in future periods.
Since the company's bottom line is due to rise by 6% in the current year and by a further 7% next year, there seems to be scope for an inflation-beating rise in dividends. Although it has a dividend yield of just 2.2% right now, shareholder payouts are covered 3.3 times by profit. This suggests that they could increase at a much faster pace than profit over the medium term without hurting the financial strength of the business.
Turnaround potential
Clearly, Centrica's dividend yield has more appeal at first glance than almost any other stock in the FTSE 350. However, the company continues to experience a difficult period as it seeks to fundamentally change its business model. Its strategy may be sound, with it seeking to generate major cost savings and transition towards a more efficient business in the long run. However, uncertainty regarding regulatory change has weighed on its performance and this has caused investor sentiment to weaken.
Today, Centrica trades on a price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio of around 10. Even though it has a challenging outlook, this suggests that investors may have fully factored-in the problems it faces as political risk for the domestic energy supply sector remains high. In fact, the stock appears to have a wide margin of safety that could equate to strong growth over the medium term – especially since it is expected to record a rise in earnings of 7% in the current year.
Certainly, its stock price could be volatile and its prospects of dividend growth may be limited. But its total return potential still seem to be impressive.
Panaji: Goa Chief Minister Manohar Parrikar on Thursday said when constitutional authorities attain absolute power, they can become more corrupt than politicians.
Parrikar had on Tuesday recommended an audit of the "seemingly exorbitant" reimbursement claim of Rs 16.86 crore raised by state electoral officers against the expenditure incurred by them during the Goa Assembly elections in February.
According to the chief minister, the officials had hired vehicles in addition to the several already roped in from various departments for the election duty.
"For two-and-a-half months (of election process for the Goa Assembly polls), the Election Commission (EC) has given a bill of Rs 16.80 crore. They were going around in the vehicles," he said while addressing an event organised by state-run Economic Development Corporation.
"(I am) Very sorry to say, I don't like to criticise constitutional authorities, but when constitutional authorities attain absolute power, they can become more corrupt than politicians," Parrikar said.
"Politicians have to come before you (people) every five years. I have to answer to the media, rightly or wrongly, 24 hours. If anything happens, a politician has to answer," he added.
"If garbage is dumped on the road, politician has to answer. Actually, the garbage is dumped by some hotel or some locals. I don't mind this (being accountable) but but this kind of accountability has to be there everywhere (even for constitutional authorities)," the chief minister said.
Pointing out to the delay in holding election in some panchayat wards following a court order, Parrikar asked, "Who should be held responsible for the delay in the election in these wards?"
"There is no accountability of the State EC. If politicians were responsible for the delay,
they would have been criticised. It is very easy to target a politician," he said.
The EC had in February issued a notice to Parrikar over his purported remarks advising bribery for votes during the state Assembly poll campaign.
However, he had said his speech was translated wrongly. Parrikar, who was holding the Defence portfolio at the Centre then, was served a fresh notice by the EC on 7 February seeking his reply on his reported bribery remarks, days after issuing a similar notice.
The poll body had rejected Parrikar's claims that his election speech in Goa made in Konkani was translated incorrectly.
The Kootenay Ice announced their biggest trade since November 13 on Monday afternoon, as they sent alternate captain Vince Loschiavo to the Moose Jaw Warriors in exchange for a 2001-born prospect and a conditional third-round draft pick.
Loschiavo, who played 215 regular season games for the Ice since being drafted in the second round of the 2013 WHL Bantam Draft, has 46 career goals and 44 assists.
From Winnipeg, Manitoba, the 6'2 winger had a breakout season in 2016-17 when he put up 57 points in 68 games while being the team's only consistent member of the first forward line.
While Loschiavo only has 14 points in 28 games so far this season, his potential has been evident and he was a participant at this past summer's Dallas Stars' development camp.
“Vince was a hard player to move but sometimes hard decisions are needed [and] we wish him the best of luck,” said Ice president and general manager Matt Cockell in a press release. The move was the rookie general manager's 15th trade since taking over the club's hockey operations in May.
The only player that Kootenay received in return for Loschiavo, is 16-year-old forward Jakin Smallwood, who is currently playing in his hometown with the Leduc Oil Kings Midget AAA of the Albert Midget Hockey League.
In 21 games, Smallwood has registered 11 goals and 25 points and was originally a Warriors' fifth round selection in the 2016 WHL Bantam Draft.
“Jakin is a hardworking player with skill and good hockey sense,” Cockell said. “The third round pick will [also] be an asset that will help us down the road.”
Despite Ice management's busy year, the trade was the first since sending captain Cale Fleury to the Regina Pats last month in exchange for 16-year-old forward Cole Muir and defenceman Jonathan Smart.
Since that time, the Ice have gone 5-6-1-0 and are currently in third place in the Central Division with an overall record of 13-17-2-0. The Warriors, meanwhile, are in first place in the WHL after 32 games with a 25-5-1-1 record.
Kootenay's next game against Moose Jaw is on the road on Saturday, February 10.
When the Tufts club rugby team took to the field this fall, many outsiders didn't expect the Jumbos to score a single point, let alone win a single match. It was their first season in Div. I, after all, and the teams the Jumbos faced throughout the season were better manned, had more experience and had more resources. Despite the adversity, the Jumbos posted a 4–4 season, proving to critics and themselves that they have a bright future in the highest level of collegiate rugby.
After reaching nationals last year, the team was given an invitation to join the Div. 1A Liberty League, and the opportunity was difficult to pass up. Senior and inside center Henry Seidel commented on the move up to Div. I.
“I think it was honestly because we had the talent to do it. We had a really good season last year and had the players to do it, so we decided to step up to Div. I,” Seidel, the club president, said. “We kind of took the momentum of [last] season and said let's build on that … and get up to Div. I.”
But reaching nationals last year was no easy feat. In fact, it was unprecedented in Tufts rugby history: Last season was the first time since the team's inception in 1966 that the team made it to nationals.
“Making it to nationals last year was definitely unprecedented,” Seidel said. “I remember my freshman year, the captain said how we would make it to nationals, and I was like, ‘That is so far away.'”
The road to nationals last year was not to be overlooked. Tufts had to first win its Div. III league, as well as a host of elimination-style playoff games, and then go to Colorado, where nationals were held. Although the Jumbos ended up losing in the final, they were proud of an incredibly successful season.
This year proved to be much more difficult, as expected with the transition to a more competitive league. The Jumbos, though, rose to the occasion. Backs captain Griffin Andersen commented on the team's mentality throughout the season.
“We played with a chip on our shoulder the entire season. We're always the underdog. People look at us like we're a nerdy school,” Andersen, a junior, said. “We had a coach say, when we went on our run last year through nationals … ‘We've played nerdy teams like you before.' We ended up beating them 65–3.”
The Jumbos' tough mentality, discipline and skill all contributed to a successful inaugural season in Div. I. Even though their win percentage was .500, coach Thomas Clark notes that they could have played a much easier schedule.
“We didn't schedule any soft games. We could've gone out and scheduled games we knew we could win,” Clark said. “As rugby players, you always want to play at the highest level, and I really give these guys credit because they chose to do that.”
So what made quirky Tufts such a contender on the rugby field? One thing that has certainly helped was its excellent team organization. Because of a smooth leadership transition process, the Jumbos have ensured that they can build on each prior season. Two years ago, then-President Nick Nasser (LA '17) rewrote the team's bylaws to ensure a smooth succession of presidents and vice presidents from year to year. Now, the sophomore or junior vice president automatically becomes president the following year, ensuring the team does not lose steam the next season.
“I had the benefit of seeing both sides of leadership throughout my time here. One was unorganized, in my freshman year. There weren't set rules, [and] we got into a little bit of trouble that came out of disorganized leadership,” Andersen said. “Now, you're learning the ropes junior or sophomore year as a VP. When you step up as president, you already have a relationship with club sports, [and] you know the ins and outs, so you're not starting from scratch every year.”
The team has greatly benefited from this new system. Since the president already has leadership experience, there is no “waiting time” for him to adapt to the new role, and the team can hit the ground running in the late summer, when conditioning begins. But the disciplined organization of the team does not stop with efficient presidential succession; Seidel also delegates roles to subordinates to help improve the team in multiple areas.
“What we're trying to do on our team is had multiple people participate,” Seidel said. “We're trying to have a head of recruitment, someone to lead our media and a head of philanthropy.”
First-year back Brendan Brennan was surprised at the discipline the leadership of the team displays. Brennan played football in high school, and he wanted to try something new in college. At first, he was unsure about how assimilating to a new sport would work — he had never even watched a rugby match before — but he soon realized the team was so well organized that it didn't really matter.
“I think [the organization] makes it easy to come into the sport. It's especially good because we have such organized practices. Leadership really helps get the word out,” Brennan said. “Because many players are playing for the first time and every sport is different, you need that organized group of dudes to show you the rugby atmosphere and how to play the sport.”
The organization is not limited to the team's functioning off the field: it is slowly becoming normal for the first-years' captain — a sophomore who is responsible for the team's first-year members — to turn into a backs or forwards captain the next season. As the first-years captain last year, Andersen attributes his success to studying under senior Jake Garrell, who is now the backs captain.
“I definitely benefited from [the succession process] because I was able to learn from my senior captain, Jake Garrell, last year and was able to look up to him and see how he led the team, stepped up and took control over practices and games and made decisions in high pressure times,” Andersen said. “Seeing all that happening makes it easier to transition.”
Although the succession of leadership has led to the Jumbos' success on and off the field, they still faced a number of challenges as a new Div. I program. Most glaring is their roster's lack of depth. Most teams that Tufts competed against this season not only have an A side and a B side, like the Jumbos, but also a C side. Compared to Tufts' roster of 43 players (including injuries), most other teams carry over 60. Furthermore, almost all of the players on the rugby team are playing rugby for the first time in their lives. Meanwhile, other Div. I team recruit players and even provide them with scholarships. Because of the sport's steep learning curve, the Jumbos have trouble bringing quality players off their bench. Clark cites this factor as the biggest reason for their three-game losing streak in the middle of the season.
“It was really just our team depth. We really just didn't have the bodies and had some key injuries. We just didn't have the depth chart to pull guys up,” Clark said. “We lost some continuity. In rugby, that's really key, especially at this level.”
As a result, Seidel believes it is of utmost importance for the Jumbos to focus on recruitment in the offseason.
“Now that we're a Div. I program, we need to expand. We need more bodies because we don't want to put in players who are inexperienced or injured because it's such a risk,” Seidel said. “We do our best to recruit. It's really hard because a lot of ex-varsity athletes at Tufts don't necessarily want to come play rugby. It's seen as a step down.”
Andersen also talked about the necessity of recruiting and explained the lengths the team has gone to in order to increase its numbers.
“Now that we moved up to Div. I, recruiting is much more important. Jimmy Carney, head of recruiting, was spearheading the recruiting efforts [earlier in the fall]. We went to [the pre-orientation program] Fitness and Individual Development at Tufts and talked to a bunch of kids there. On Matriculation Day, we handed out flyers for tryouts,” Andersen said. “We're just working to get our numbers up. We're competing against teams with 65 players, and we're running with [fewer than] 40 once injuries start to pile up.”
Something that gives the Jumbos hope for team expansion and growth is their relationship with the Tufts club sports administration and, more specifically, the Assistant Director of Club Sports and Intramurals Matt Callahan. Callahan, who took the position mid-October, has proven to be an invaluable resource for the Jumbos.
“Matt Callahan has been great for us,” Seidel said. “He seems like he's really into helping us improve. He knows the system and has already targeted areas where he thinks he can improve club sports. He's already turning that office around. I've met with him many times. We've had some team meetings with him where we've addressed our concerns, talking about increasing roster size. I think now that they have a full-time director, things will run a lot more smoothly.”
The 2017 season was an experiment for Tufts rugby. The team knew it would be a huge step up from last year, and it rose to the challenge. While the Jumbos face difficulties as a smaller program, their excellent organization and leadership should only make them more successful in the years to come.
In order to use Medscape, your browser must be set to accept cookies delivered by the Medscape site.
Medscape uses cookies to customize the site based on the information we collect at registration. The cookies contain no personally identifiable information and have no effect once you leave the Medscape site.
An explosive device exploded near Times Square during the morning rush hour Monday, injuring four people and snarling Manhattan transit, authorities said. Mayor Bill de Blasio described it as a terrorist act.
Early reports indicated that the device was a a pipe bomb and that it exploded in a passageway at the Port Authority bus terminal, a major transit center on the west side of midtown Manhattan, shortly before 7:30 a.m. EST. Other reports said a suspect may have been wearing the explosive device.
Police said one male suspect, who was injured, was in custody. The man, believed to be in his 20s, is thought to be from Bangladesh and lived in Brooklyn, former New York Police Commissioner William Bratton said on MSNBC.
The New York Fire Department said a total of four people were hurt, none with life-threatening injuries.
White House Press Secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders has tweeted that President Trump has been briefed on the explosion, and New York City Mayor Bill de Blasio and Police Commissioner James P. O'Neill were expected to give a news briefing later Monday morning.
Several subway lines have been evacuated and others were diverted from 42nd Street while police investigate, authorities said.
The bus terminal, located between 42nd and 44th Streets and 8th and 9th Avenues, remained closed.
The Associated Press contributed to this report.
.
CAPTION Santa Barbara County is under siege from the Thomas fire. From the GOP's perspective, Alabama's Senate race will yield one of two unhappy results. The Weingart Center wants to reshape skid row's skyline. If lawmakers can agree on a tax bill, will you owe more or less? Santa Barbara County is under siege from the Thomas fire. From the GOP's perspective, Alabama's Senate race will yield one of two unhappy results. The Weingart Center wants to reshape skid row's skyline. If lawmakers can agree on a tax bill, will you owe more or less? CAPTION Santa Barbara County is under siege from the Thomas fire. From the GOP's perspective, Alabama's Senate race will yield one of two unhappy results. The Weingart Center wants to reshape skid row's skyline. If lawmakers can agree on a tax bill, will you owe more or less? Santa Barbara County is under siege from the Thomas fire. From the GOP's perspective, Alabama's Senate race will yield one of two unhappy results. The Weingart Center wants to reshape skid row's skyline. If lawmakers can agree on a tax bill, will you owe more or less? CAPTION President Trump says he didn't ask James Comey to stop investigating Michael Flynn. The investigation into the 2016 election is shining new light on the president's son-in-law. President Trump reduced the size of two national monuments in southern Utah. A Supreme Court ruling gave President Trump a significant victory Monday. Four major fires erupted in Southern California. President Trump is expected to declare Jerusalem the capital of Israel. Democrat Al Franken will resign his Senate seat amid allegations of sexual misdeeds. President Trump says he didn't ask James Comey to stop investigating Michael Flynn. The investigation into the 2016 election is shining new light on the president's son-in-law. President Trump reduced the size of two national monuments in southern Utah. A Supreme Court ruling gave President Trump a significant victory Monday. Four major fires erupted in Southern California. President Trump is expected to declare Jerusalem the capital of Israel. Democrat Al Franken will resign his Senate seat amid allegations of sexual misdeeds. CAPTION Alabama Republican Senate candidate Roy Moore speaks on Sept. 17, 2017 at an event in Florence, Ala. Alabama Republican Senate candidate Roy Moore speaks on Sept. 17, 2017 at an event in Florence, Ala. CAPTION Democrat Al Franken will resign his Senate seat amid allegations of sexual misdeeds. Why are wildfires erupting across Southern California? LaMelo and LiAngelo Ball have hired an agent and will try to play professional basketball abroad. About 300 L.A. County sheriff's deputies are on the Brady list. Democrat Al Franken will resign his Senate seat amid allegations of sexual misdeeds. Why are wildfires erupting across Southern California? LaMelo and LiAngelo Ball have hired an agent and will try to play professional basketball abroad. About 300 L.A. County sheriff's deputies are on the Brady list. CAPTION A wind-fanned fire growing at a “dangerous” rate in North County has charred 4,100 acres, destroyed dozens of structures and is threatening 5,000 more, fire officials said Thursday. A wind-fanned fire growing at a “dangerous” rate in North County has charred 4,100 acres, destroyed dozens of structures and is threatening 5,000 more, fire officials said Thursday.
UPDATES:
6:40 a.m.: This article was updated with de Blasio saying it was terror attack.
6:20 a.m.: This article was updated with staff reporting and details of the explosion.
5:05 a.m.: This article was updated with information on subway delays, evacuations, other details.
This article was originally published at 4:50 a.m.
DUBLIN: The birth certificates of 126 children adopted in Ireland between 1946 and 1969 were doctored to show their new families as their biological parents, the government admitted on Wednesday (May 30).
The births were illegally registered after the children were placed with new families by adoption agency St Patrick's Guild, according to Tusla, the country's child and family agency.
Advertisement
Tusla discovered the doctored documents after it checked 13,500 files transferred to them by St Patrick's Guild in 2016, six years after it shut.
Minister for Children Katherine Zappone said the people affected may be "entirely unaware of the true circumstances of their birth".
The youngest person affected is 49, while the oldest is 72. They will be contacted by the authorities, officials said.
Fearing that the scandal could go much further, the authorities have announced a more comprehensive review involving other associations and covering some 150,000 cases.
Advertisement
Advertisement
"We have known about the practice of incorrect registrations for many years, but it has been extremely difficult to identify and prove in individual cases because of the deliberate failure of those involved to keep records," said Zappone.
In recent years, traditionally Roman Catholic Ireland has had to confront a series of historical scandals around women being forced to put up for adoption children born outside marriage.
At a press conference on Wednesday, Prime Minister Leo Varadkar defended the decision to shed light on the cases so long after the events took place.
"We feel we have to share that information with the people who were affected," he said.
"It's going to be really difficult for those parents who did bring up those people. They are going to have a very difficult conversation with the children they brought up."
In a historic referendum on Friday, Ireland voted by 66 percent to lift its constitutional ban on abortions.
Around 170,000 Irish women are thought to have gone to neighbouring Britain for terminations since the ban was introduced in 1983.
"We are opening what is another chapter from the very dark history in our country, but we are a different country now and I think the results from the referendum at the weekend show that," said Varadkar.
A MAN died after his motorcycle crashed into a car in Barangay Yati, Liloan town, Cebu on Sunday dawn.
According to Raul Flores of Liloan Police Station, the vehicles were traveling on different directions when the victim suddenly crossed the other lane and crashed into the car.
The victim has still not been identified as of this writing.
ADVERTISEMENT
The driver and three passengers of the car were brought to the hospital after they sustained minor injuries.
EXPAND The Hammer celebrates Peruvian singer Yma Sumac on Saturday — for free. Michael Ochs Archives / Stringer
An art show celebrates the tiki aesthetic, Cheech Marin introduces a screening of Born in East L.A., LACMA screens Universal's Spanish-language version of Dracula, and more to do and see in L.A. this week for 10 bucks or fewer.
La Luz de Jesus' annual "The Art of Tiki" art show is officially old enough to enjoy its first mai tai. Since 1996, the lowbrow art gallery has celebrated and probed midcentury America's obsession with Polynesia, a cultural phenomenon that had as much to do with escapism as aesthetics, with a group art show. Around that time, midcentury kitsch was experiencing a resurgence thanks to the likes of Shag and Mitch O'Connell, who are just a couple of the artists with pieces in this year's show, along with Mark Ryden, Brad "Tiki Shark" Parker, Mary Fleener, Atomikitty and others, both stalwart participants and newbies. The exhibit is broken up into two sections: One reflects a modern view of the tiki aesthetic while the other consists of vintage items from tikimania's first wave. Tiki scholar Sven Kirsten also signs his latest book, appropriately titled The Art of Tiki. La Luz de Jesus Gallery, 4633 Hollywood Blvd., Los Feliz; Fri., Oct. 6, 8-11 p.m. (runs through Oct. 29); free. (323) 666-7667, laluzdejesus.com/tiki-21. —Gwynedd Stuart
UCLA is in the midst of a retrospective celebrating the urban character of Berlin, a sister city to Los Angeles. The series highlights 10 German films, many of them rarely screened stateside. Tonight is a double bill starting with Plus-Minus Zero, Eoin Moore's low-budget feature about a group of young fringe dwellers living just enough for the city. The second feature is Hannes Stöhr's Berlin Is in Germany, the story of an ex-con trying to make a fresh start as a taxi driver. Martin Koerber of the Deutsche Kinemathek will talk about the films. UCLA's Billy Wilder Theater, 10899 Wilshire Blvd., Westwood; Fri., Oct. 6, 7:30 p.m.; $10. (310) 206-8013, cinema.ucla.edu. —Nathaniel Bell
From high in the Andes came a thrilling, trilling wail, and it wasn't a bird or a princess locked in a tower — it was the unearthly, ungodly vocal instrument of a young Peruvian named Zoila Augusta Emperatriz Chavarri del Castillo, who, as the eternally magnificent Yma Sumac, rode that five-octave sound and an exotically regal persona to fame in the 1950s Hollywood. Voices of the Xtabay: A Tribute to Yma Sumac tips a wide-brimmed hat to the late singer with Latinx vocalists and musicians, including Alberto López of Jungle Fire, Empress Of, Nite Jewel, Maria Elena Altany, Ceci Bastida, Dorian Wood, Carmina Escobar and Francisca Valenzuela. And be sure to check out the museum's "Radical Women" exhibit while you're there celebrating a woman who was pretty radical herself. Hammer Museum, 10899 Wilshire Blvd., Westwood; Sat., Oct. 7, 7:30 p.m.; free. (310) 443-7000, hammer.ucla.edu. —John Payne
Heart of L.A., one of CicLAvia's classic rides, returns to downtown and its environs this weekend. Perfect for the cyclist — or walker or jogger or skateboarder or scooterer — who loves options, the closed-streets ride has four hubs: in Echo Park, in Chinatown, in Mariachi Plaza in Boyle Heights and on Broadway, not far from Pershing Square. Riders can start at any of the hubs and ride to downtown-adjacent neighborhoods without braving the brushes with road rage; look forward to fewer wheels, slower speeds and better vibes. Broadway Hub, Seventh Street between Hill and Spring streets, downtown; Sun., Oct. 8, 9 a.m.-4 p.m.; free. ciclavia.org. —Gwynedd Stuart
Cheech and Chong's 1985 comedy/music album Get Out of My Room featured the song "Born in East L.A.," a spoof of Randy Newman's "I Love L.A." and Bruce Springsteen's "Born in the U.S.A." ("Walked all day in the burning sun/Now I know what it's like to be born on the run.") That parody inspired the 1987 movie Born in East L.A., about an unlucky German-Spanglish-English–speaking Mexican-American sap from East Los Angeles, who's mistaken for an illegal alien in an immigration bust, gets deported to Mexico and tries to cross the border. It was a comedy that satirized a serious issue that's even more relevant today, which writer-director-star Cheech Marin will no doubt discuss at tonight's 30th-anniversary screening. Hosted by the Academy of Motion Picture Arts & Sciences as part of the Getty's Pacific Standard Time: LA/LA initiative, panelists include film co-stars Daniel Stern, Paul Rodriguez and Kamala Lopez. Academy of Motion Picture Arts & Sciences, Samuel Goldwyn Theater, 8949 Wilshire Blvd., Beverly Hills; Mon., Oct. 9, 7:30 p.m.; $3-$5. (310) 247-3000, pstlala.oscars.org/event/born-in-east-la. —Siran Babayan
"Soy ... Drácula!" It's an injustice that the Spanish-language version of Bram Stoker's deathless novel — shot concurrently with the Tod Browning/Bela Lugosi adaptation on the same sets — is so little known. The pace is swifter, the camerawork more fluid, and the sybaritic Lupita Tovar so compelling that this film can hold its own against any version extant. LACMA's Tuesday Matinees series will screen Drácula in a recently restored, subtitled DCP. LACMA, 5905 Wilshire Blvd., Mid-Wilshire; Tue., Oct. 10, 1 p.m.; $4. (323) 857-6000, lacma.org. —Nathaniel Bell
High school can be a nightmare and few want to relive it, so Max Olesker and Ivan Gonzalez do it for you in Max & Ivan: The Reunion. The British comedy duo's credits include SXSW, Edinburgh Fringe and Melbourne International Comedy Festival. The two also starred in a BBC Radio 4 detective sitcom called The Casebook of Max and Ivan and a Channel 4 series of shorts called The Reunion. In the latter, Olesker (playing Tom, a down-and-out cater-waiter) and Gonzalez (playing hopeless Brian, who's allergic to everything) catch up at their 10-year high school reunion, where they mingle with past friends, including old flames, bullies, drunk teachers and a kid whose name no one remembers. In tonight's stage version, the comedians take on all 100-plus characters in just under an hour. UCB Sunset, 5419 W. Sunset Blvd., East Hollywood; Thu., Oct. 12, 8:30 p.m.; $7. (323) 908-8702, sunset.ucbtheatre.com. —Siran Babayan
CSUN's Buster Keaton retrospective continues with two of the silent clown's most charming features. First on the list is College, in which the Great Stone Face plays an Ivy League nerd determined to impress the girl of his dreams by becoming an athlete. In Steamboat Bill Jr., he's the gawky son of a tough-as-nails riverboat captain whose mettle is tested aboard his dad's paddle steamer. In one of silent cinema's greatest set pieces, Keaton does battle with a cyclone ripping through the local town. Leaning into the mighty wind, he becomes an icon of resilience in the face of life's vicissitudes. CSUN, 18111 Nordhoff St., Northridge; Thu., Oct. 12, 7 p.m.; free. (818) 677-1200, csun.edu. —Nathaniel Bell
A federal judge is warning President Donald Trump's former campaign chairman that he shouldn't be trying his case in the press. That includes drafting opinion essays published in other countries.
U.S. District Judge Amy Berman Jackson told Paul Manafort that his editing of an op-ed that appeared in an English-language newspaper in Ukraine is not something she is going to tolerate.
The judge's warning came after special counsel Robert Mueller's prosecutors discovered that Manafort edited an op-ed published in the Kyiv Post last week. The article appeared under the name of a former Ukraine official. It discussed Manafort's consulting work in Ukraine, which is at the heart of the case against him.
The judge has barred Manafort and the prosecution from making public statements about his case.
RESIDENTS of the areas surrounding the two potential replacement sites for Fontaine Vinery businesses have suggested the light industrial storage is allocated in more remote areas, such as the Longue Hougue.
The Pulais Vinery and the Extension Vinery are being looked at as the States wants to move companies out of Fontaine, which only has temporary planning permission.
Planning applications for change of use have been submitted for both, while the States has applied for a 10-month extension for Fontaine in the meantime.
The 9,751sq.m Extension Vinery is on, what one resident described as, the Guernsey equivalent of the M25, and the traffic there may cause logistical issues for trucks coming in and out.
What're the best workout headphones? Here are our picks!
Music moves you — sometimes literally. But if you don't have the right pair of headphones, then moving can be a drag.
Don't suffer in silence — grab a kickass pair of sport headphones and crank your tunes while you tone.
Vi: Personal Trainer headphones
For a complete workout training within a set of headphones, you're going to want to look into Vi. It's a set of in-ear headphones, complete with a personal trainer right in your head. It's also got a load of workout sensors to track heart rate, elevation, cadence, speed, time, and location. It's ideal for runners. Vi is designed specifically to help you meet your running goals. The personal trainer companion app does also have support for walking and cycling and will support more workout types in the future, but those are a little hands-off (less of a full trainer and more of a support system for your workout stats).
I've been using Vi for nearly a year now. I started with the running training, but failed miserably because I hate running. When Vi was updated with support for walking, I got back into it and love using the headphones to track my pace, heart rate, and distance. The earbuds are the most comfortable I've ever worn. The sound system is designed by the award-winning audio team at Harman Kardon, so your music listening experience is absolutely impeccable.
Vi comes in at a hefty price tag of about $250, so I don't recommend it for everyone. If, however, you're a runner, Vi is the perfect companion for listening to tunes while tracking your stats.
See at Amazon
Jaybird X3
Jaybird's been making excellent earbuds for a while and the X3s are phenomenal. Jaybird's fantastic at marrying great sound quality with comfort, style, and durability (it's a polyamorous relationship).
You can get a full week of workouts on a single charge and a quick 15 minutes of charging will get you a full hour at least. If you rely on your tunes to get you through a workout, check out the Jaybird X3 wireless earbuds and enjoy.
These headphones come in Blackout or Sparta (white) colors, and they're sweat- and rain-proof, so you can pour your heart and soul into every workout without worrying about frying them. Grab 'em for $130 on Amazon.
See at Amazon
JLab Audio Epic2
You don't name a pair of earbuds "Epic2" and then have it be anything but. JLab's wireless earbuds combine bombastic sound with sweat-proof durability that'll last you throughout the toughest workouts. It's no wonder these earbuds are the Wirecutter's top pick.
"This great-sounding pair is sealed to block out distractions and able to take a beating, and it fit all of our panelists equally well." [sic]
In the box, you get a hard travel case, all the silicone gel tips you could possibly need, in different sizes, and a USB to Micro-USB charging cable.
You can control your music with the in-line switch, and you have your choice of black, blue, or teal for $100 apiece.
See at Amazon
Bose SoundSport Wireless
Ask someone the first name that comes to mind when they think of top-notch audio, and they'll likely say Bose. Bose has built a reputation on superior sound quality, no matter the device, and its foray into the realm of sporty headphones is welcome and wonderful.
The SoundSport Wireless earbuds are sweat- and weather-resistant, and the gel tips are wholly designed with comfort and stability in mind. Though battery life isn't the greatest in these (about 6 hours on a single charge), they still pack an aural wallop and the mic and music controls are handy.
Comes in Aqua, black, Citron, and Power Red, which has a heart monitor. A little pricy at $200, but that's Bose for ya.
See at Amazon
Plantronics BackBeat Fit
If minimalism and comfort are what you're after in a pair of sport earbuds, then the Plantronics BackBeat Fit is for you. Instead of a flimsy headphone cable, these feature a sturdier rubber connection that keeps them secure on your head. CNET was impressed with the overall feel and design of the headset,
"Plantronics BackBeat Fit is a lightweight wireless stereo headset (with integrated microphone) that features a sweatproof design and decent sound. It stays in your ears and most people should find it comfortable to wear." [sic]
The play controls are on the earbuds themselves, with a button for play/pause/skip and a button to answer and end calls. You get 8 hours of playtime, as well as your choice of blue, black, green, or red. $88.
See at Amazon
TaoTronics
If you're on a bit of a budget and you also happen to need some headphones that stay more securely in place than most, then check out TaoTronics' wireless Bluetooth headphone. They feature a piece that wraps around most of your ear, with a snug-fitting earpiece that ensures stability while you run, jump, or whatever it is you do to work out (we won't judge).
You get up to 8 hours of playtime, great audio, noise cancellation, and a price that's hard to beat in this class (about $27).
See at Amazon
Yurbuds Inspire 300
It's yer bud, Yurbuds, with some neat sport earbuds that actually twist into place so that they don't fall out of your ears once you start to sweat. They may look like the headphones you get on a plane, but they're sweat- and weather-resistant, feature a button for playback control, a mic for calls, and they let in ambient noise so that you can remain aware at all times.
They come in aqua, black, pink, purple, and red/black. These are a great option if you prefer a wired pair of earbuds and are on a budget ($23).
See at Amazon
Work it out
What's your favorite pair of sport headphones? Let us know in the comments below!
More than 550,000 Los Angeles Unified students head back to school Tuesday. Here's what's new in the nation's second-largest school district:
1. Boys get their own school now
L.A. Unified launched an all-girls school last year. But federal guidelines suggest that if a district has an all-girls school, it must also provide a similar offering just for boys.
The Girls Academic Leadership Academy opened in 2016. (Mark Boster / Los Angeles Times)
The Boys Academic Leadership Academy in South L.A.'s Westmont neighborhood is a single-sex middle school that will emphasize science, technology, arts, engineering and math.
Going into its first year, it still has plenty of room. The school was slated to serve 200 students in the first year, in grades six and seven, with plans to eventually add eighth grade and a high school. By the end of last week about 100 had enrolled.
2. It's going to be easier to learn a new language
Before this year, L.A. Unified had 87 dual-language programs in kindergarten through 12th grade. Now there are more, thanks in part to a voter-approved measure that makes them easier to launch.
The programs teach students in English and another language, often Spanish. That's the case in most of the 16 new K-12 bilingual options, though programs with Mandarin and Armenian are opening. And two of the 10 new pre-kindergarten programs are in Korean and English.
Pre-kindergarten Elementary school Middle school High school 10 schools 12 3 1 New dual-language programs in L.A. Unified Pre-kindergarten Elementary school Middle school High school 10 schools 12 3 1 The focus is on younger kids for bilingual education Data: abcdefg hijkl mnop qrstu vwxyz 1234 56789 Sonali Kohli @latimesgraphics Source: Los Angeles Unified School District
There's a focus on starting these programs for younger children. Research shows that dual-language programs can help students who are learning English grasp the language more quickly.
3. Preparing kids to graduate, with preschool
The district has opened 28 new pre-kindergarten programs in addition to the 10 dual-language ones. Early education is one of the few areas that got a boost in this year's budget.
Lisa Harmison taught one of the first expanded transitional kindergarten classes at 186th Street Elementary in 2015. (Allen J. Schaben / Los Angeles Times)
District officials say early education is key to getting English learner students up to speed and putting L.A's children on the path to high school graduation and college.
4. Charters are continuing to grow
Eleven new charter schools are opening within L.A. Unified's boundaries this fall. Most are part of established charter school organizations. One, the Crete Academy in South L.A., is designed for homeless students and those living in poverty, and will initially cover pre-kindergarten to sixth grade.
The Celerity Educational Group, currently at the center of a federal investigation, is opening two schools this year. These will replace two schools closed by the State Board of Education last year.
5. Magnet schools galore
Magnet schools continue to be one of the district's primary strategies to persuade families not to enroll in charter schools. There will be 11 new magnets this year, bringing the total to 225.
Most of the new magnets, which are all required to have a theme and promote desegregation, will have a STEAM focus.
6. Some kids get to sleep in
Five district middle schools and high schools are starting later this year, between 8:30 and 9 a.m. The U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention has been pushing for later start times, arguing that children need more sleep. But critics say that students could just end up staying awake later.
Which L.A. Unified schools will begin later than the rest?
Los Angeles Academy Middle School – 8:30 a.m.
San Fernando Middle School — 8:30 a.m.
Steven White Middle School — 8:30 a.m.
New Middle School Pathway — 8:45 a.m.
Metropolitan Continuation High School — 9 a.m.
7. L.A. Unified is finished building new schools, for now
L.A. Unified has wrapped up a 20-year, $10-billion effort that yielded 131 new schools and 65 expanded campuses. The final new school, the $160-million Maywood Center for Enriched Studies, opens Tuesday in southeast Los Angeles County.
Architect Ben Levin of DLR Group walks through the new Maywood campus, which opens Tuesday. (Gina Ferazzi / Los Angeles Times)
Maywood's opening means that the district's last overcrowded school, nearby Bell High, can switch back from a year-round schedule to a traditional calendar.
The district plans to focus on repairing and modernizing its more than 1,000 schools — although there's money, there's not nearly enough for that task. Homeowners will be paying off the school construction bonds for decades. The tab this year is $131 for every $100,000 of assessed property value.
8. Finish community college — in high school
L.A. Unified is rapidly expanding the number of middle and high schools at which students can take credit courses from community college instructors. At seven high schools, they'll be able to leave with either an associate's degree or a professional certificate.
An associate's degree typically counts for two years of college. The certificate qualifies students for jobs that require special training.
Tank Hoover
Aggressive hunters and shooters are never satisfied. They are constantly and endlessly striving to get the most performance from their equipment. Whether it's rifles, ammunition or optics — which make up the technological triangle — riflemen are continually tweaking to obtain every minutia of sub-MOA accuracy possible. Good optics is the spearhead to scoring hits on long-range targets. After all, you gotta be able to see it, to engage it.
Nightforce Optics is up for the challenge for this dedicated and demanding group of shooters, and has exceeded the needed performance for them by developing the ATACR 7-35X56 F1 riflescope. Designed for 1,000 yards or more shooting, (but perfectly suited for closer shots) the ATACR 7-35X56 has the design traits, features and versatility needed for the job.
With parallax adjustment down to 10 meters and with 100 Moas of elevation travel, short-range “chip shots” to shots “way out yonder” are possible. This riflescope offers a large field of view, for such high-powered magnification, making target acquisition faster. It delivers unmatched precision and repeatability for consistent shots, no matter what the range.
Specs
The ATACR 7-35X56 F1is a 34mm tubed scope with a 56mm objective lens. It has .250 MOA click adjustment and eye relief of 83-91mm. Field of view is 14.97 ft. at 7X and 3.44 ft. at 35X. Overall length is 16 inches and it weighs 39.3 oz. Mounting length is 6.5 inches.
Nightforce Optics lives by the three R's of successful shooting equipment: Rugged, Reliable and Repeatable for top-rate performance. Nightforce ATACR, which stands for advanced tactical scope, features ZeroStop, illuminated reticle, 100 MOA elevation adjustment, tank-like housing and fully multi-coated ED glass.
For dedicated riflemen who appreciate and demand the technological advancements available for optics, the Nightforce ATACR 7-35X56 F1 may just be the tool to help punch the ticket … no matter how far it's out there.
For more info go to: https://americanhandgunner.com/company/nightforce-optics/
The Vancouver Giants did not play some of their top talent Saturday night against the home-team Kelowna Rockets and it showed on the scoreboard.
Kelowna skated off with an 8-1 shellacking of the Giants.
The first-place Rockets finished out the regular season with five straight wins. The head coach hopes the streak gives the team momentum as they prepare to tangle with the Tri-City Americans in the first round of the playoffs.
“They're a big, physical team,” says Jason Smith. “They've got some real gifted offensive defencemen who like to join the rush and they've got some high-powered guys up front. We have to make sure we're willing to put the work in to battle their physical play.”
Working in Kelowna's favour is a mostly healthy lineup.
“We're close to being back to 100 per cent, got a couple guys out,” says Smith.
On Sunday, the organization handed out its individual player awards.
Cal Foote claimed two pieces of hardware as Top Defenceman and Most Valuable Player.
“I feel very honoured, I'm grateful,” says Foote. “For MVP, I thank my team-mates most of all. For the defensive one, we have a great d-core and it goes to our coaching staff too.”
There's a new award this year.
Veteran forward and team captain Dillon Dube won the inaugural President's Award for an extra special achievement in his junior hockey career.
“He's the first Rocket to ever play in two World Juniors and he's the first one of our organization to ever be the captain up there,” says team president Bruce Hamilton. “We felt it was something we could mark. It isn't something we will give away every year. It'll be if somebody does something special.”
Dube scored twice Saturday night. The squad is hoping he keeps that goal scoring touch going Thursday when Kelowna hosts Tri-City in game one of their first-round playoff series.
KATHMANDU: Dr Govinda KC spent 22 days lying on a gurney in a hospital in Nepal's capital Kathmandu, but he was not a patient. The orthopaedic surgeon was on hunger strike.
Dr KC has gone on hunger strike 10 times over the past four years in an attempt to pressure the government to improve healthcare in the impoverished Himalayan nation -- and he is sure he will have to strike again.
"The hospitals and medical institutions, they don't have proper infrastructure. They don't have adequate manpower, adequate equipment," said Dr KC from a hospital bed where he is recovering from his latest fast.
Nepal - a country of 28 million people - has only seven doctors, nurses and midwives, and 50 hospital beds, for every 10,000 people, according to the World Health Organization.
The WHO recommends at least 34.5 skilled healthcare professionals per 10,000 people.
Hospitals in Nepal tend to be concentrated in cities but about 80 per cent of the population is rural. (Photo: AFP/PRAKASH MATHEMA)
The limited health sector was further strained after the devastating 2015 earthquake, which damaged nearly a third of public clinics and hospitals.
More than 80 per cent of the population live in rural areas, reliant on rudimentary state-run clinics, while hospitals are concentrated in cities - and are mostly private.
"Private health care is linked to higher out-of-pocket payments, which leads to more people being impoverished as a result of health care," said Jos Vandelaer, country director for the WHO in Nepal.
Health Minister Gagan Thapa said that while Nepal has made improvements, reducing child and maternal mortality, healthcare remained limited - and expensive.
"You have one liver problem and you are back into poverty," he said.
Something of a medical Robin Hood, Dr KC, 60, is well known in Nepal for his philanthropic work, travelling to some of the country's most remote communities to provide medical care and train local health workers.
He lives in doctors' quarters at the back of the hospitals where he works and spends less than a third of his salary on himself, using most of it to buy drugs and basic equipment for his clinics. His only luxury is a 20-year-old television.
He has travelled alone to help out in disaster zones around the world, offering his services to local hospitals in Haiti following the 2010 earthquake and the Philippines after Typhoon Haiyan.
BROKEN PROMISES
Nepal has been plagued by political instability since it transformed from a Hindu monarchy to a federal state in 2008, two years after the end of the bloody decade-long Maoist insurgency.
The revolving door politics has seen competing parties seek to retain influence by stacking loyalists within the bureaucratic structures -- including in the health sector.
A new constitution agreed last year included a pledge for universal healthcare, but the charter is yet to be implemented.
Private hospitals and medical colleges have mushroomed, filling a hole left by the limited government-run health sector, and often owned by the politically well-connected.
"It is supposed to be a service-orientated sector, but it has turned to be [a] profit making sector for the political parties, for the politicians themselves," said Dr KC.
Dr Govinda KC is demanding better healthcare for the many Nepalese who find medical services too expensive. (Photo: AFP/PRAKASH MATHEMA)
Top of Dr KC's demands is an end to the political meddling that he says is putting business interests ahead of developing public health services.
Training is particularly contentious, dominated by fee-based medical schools which critics say lack basic facilities and enrol too many students each year.
"There is no commercialisation of the medical education sector in the big developed countries, whereas in our country it is so rampantly commercialised," said Dr KC, who trained in Bangladesh with residencies in Britain and Switzerland.
Health minister Thapa said at least six members of the government's advisory health committee, which has consistently blocked the passing of a medical education bill to regulate doctor training, had links to private medical colleges.
The bill was one of the main demands Dr KC made in his latest strike, his longest yet, which ended in early December after he reached an agreement with the government.
But the surgeon and his supporters have little confidence things will change quickly.
"This is the tenth time that Dr Govinda KC has been in hunger strike, that means there has been nine times the agreement has been broken," said Dr Lijan Maharjan, part of his negotiating team.
Lying on a hospital bed, a woollen hat pulled down low against the cold, Dr KC appeared resigned to another strike.
"They won't let it happen if I don't," he said.
Alia Shawkat has responded to sexual harassment allegations that have been leveled against her “Arrested Development” co-star Jeffrey Tambor.
“I was surprised, obviously. I've known him since I was very young,” she told IndieWire on Sunday at Tribeca Film Festival. “I support the voices of the victims though, whatever they said.”
In February, Tambor was ousted from his role in the Amazon series “Transparent,” after he was accused of sexual harassment by two transgender actresses, Van Barnes and Trace Lysette.
Shawkat, who plays Tambor's granddaughter on the Ron Howard series “Arrested Development,” said the whole situation is “sad.”
“It's being handled the way it's being handled,” she said, referring to “Transparent” and Amazon's investigations into the claims. ” It's very … strange. I know a lot of actresses [who] work with people…this is happening to, [but] we don't have personal understandings of it … And I worked with him on two shows, too, so it's kind of following me around. I hope it's all handled legally, the way it should be, and taken into consideration.”
In February, Tambor's other “Arrested Development” co-star David Cross told amNewYork that a number of the cast members were standing behind him.
“I think it's very curious that Amazon didn't make public the results of their internal investigation,” Cross said. “I'm not sure why they would do that. I just know the whole thing is rather curious to me.”
The fifth season of “Arrested Development” is set to air sometime in 2018.
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump said on Tuesday North Korean leader Kim Jong-un had been “very honourable” and discussions on a planned summit were going well, but tempered expectations for any quick denuclearization deal by saying “it may be we're all wasting a lot of time.”
FILE PHOTO - A combination photo shows a Korean Central News Agency (KCNA) handout of Kim Jong-un released on May 10, 2016, and Donald Trump posing for a photo in New York City, U.S., May 17, 2016. REUTERS/KCNA handout via Reuters/File Photo & REUTERS/Lucas Jackson/File Photo
Trump told reporters during a meeting with French President Emmanuel Macron at the White House that North Korea had said it wanted to hold the summit “as soon as possible.”
“We think that's a great thing for the world,” he said. “We're having ... very good discussions. Kim Jong-un, he really has been very open and I think very honourable from everything we're seeing.”
Trump has said he could meet with Kim in late May or June.
The United States is pressing North Korea to give up its nuclear weapons and says it will keep up a policy of “maximum pressure” on Pyongyang through sanctions to achieve this goal.
Trump said he hoped dealings with North Korea would be positive, but he wanted to see the country's complete denuclearization. Asked at a news conference, what he meant by this, he replied:
“It means they get rid of their nukes. Very simple ... it would be very easy for me to make a simple deal and claim victory. I don't want to do that. I want them to get rid of their nukes.”
Trump said he would not repeat the mistakes of past administrations, which his aides have accused of relaxing sanctions too early in pursuit of deals with North Korea.
“The campaign of maximum pressure will continue,” Trump said.
“The end result is, we'll see. Maybe good things will happen; it may be we're all wasting a lot of time, but hopefully it will all be good for everybody concerned.”
South Korean President Moon Jae-in, who is due to meet Kim in a summit on Thursday, said last week that North Korea had expressed a commitment to “complete denuclearization” of the Korean peninsula, and Pyongyang said on Saturday it would immediately suspend nuclear and missile tests.
This has eased concerns that North Korea could quickly complete development of nuclear missiles capable of hitting the United States.
However, many experts have expressed doubt that Kim will be willing to abandon a weapons programme he sees as essential to the survival of his ruling family dynasty.
Trump has faced some criticism for quickly agreeing to become the first serving U.S. president ever to meet a North Korea leader, but he said he had made no concessions.
“Despite some of the media saying that I have made concessions, I haven't even discussed a concession, other than the fact that meeting is a great thing,” he said.
New Zealand's ruling National Party won 44.4 percent of the votes in the country's inconclusive Sept. 23 election, according to the final tally released on Saturday, while the opposition Labour Party took 36.9 percent.
WELLINGTON: New Zealand's ruling National Party won 44.4 percent of the votes in the country's inconclusive Sept. 23 election, according to the final tally released on Saturday, while the opposition Labour Party took 36.9 percent.
The nationalist New Zealand First Party won 7.2 percent of the votes, leaving it with the balance of power in the formation of the next government. The Green Party, which has a working agreement with Labour, took 6.3 percent of the ballot.
The results show that the National Party has 56 seats in the 120-seat parliament, Labour 46, New Zealand First nine and the Greens eight.
New Zealand First leader Winston Peters has said he will make a decision which party to back to form a coalition government by Oct. 12. Peters has in past elections formed coalition governments with both the National Party and Labour.
(Reporting by Ana Nicolaci da Costa and Charlotte Greenfield; Editing by Michael Perry)
RIYADH: Saudi Arabia on Monday (Dec 11) lifted a decades-long ban on cinemas, part of a series of social reforms by the powerful crown prince that are shaking up the ultra-conservative kingdom.
The government said it would begin licensing cinemas immediately and the first movie theatres are expected to open next March, in a decision that could boost the kingdom's nascent film industry.
Reviving cinemas would represent a paradigm shift in the kingdom, which is promoting entertainment as part of a sweeping reform plan for a post-oil era, despite opposition from conservatives who have long vilified movie theatres as vulgar and sinful.
"Commercial cinemas will be allowed to operate in the Kingdom as of early 2018, for the first time in more than 35 years," the culture and information ministry said in a statement.
"This marks a watershed moment in the development of the cultural economy in the kingdom," the statement quoted Information Minister Awwad Alawwad as saying.
Like most public spaces in the kingdom, cinema halls are expected to be segregated by gender or have a separate section for families.
Advertisement
Advertisement
Hardliners, who see cinemas as a threat to cultural and religious identity, were instrumental in shutting them down in the 1980s.
Saudi Arabia's highest-ranking cleric warned in January of the "depravity" of cinemas, saying they would corrupt morals.
But authorities appear to be shrugging off the threat, with some comparing Saudi Arabia's reform drive to a fast-moving bus - either people get on board or risk being left behind.
"OPEN, MODERATE ISLAM"
Saudi Arabia in recent months has organised music concerts, a Comic-Con pop culture festival and a mixed-gender national day celebration that saw people dancing in the streets to thumping electronic music for the first time.
Saudis themselves appear quietly astounded by the torrid pace of change - including the historic decision allowing women to drive from next June.
The social transformation chimes with Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman's recent pledge to return Saudi Arabia to an "open, moderate Islam" and destroy extremist ideologies.
Saudi filmmakers have long argued that a ban on cinemas does not make sense in the age of YouTube.
Saudi films have been making waves abroad, using the internet to circumvent distribution channels and sometimes the stern gaze of state censors.
"It is a beautiful day in #SaudiArabia! Saudi Arabia says cinemas to get licenses in early 2018," Saudi female director Haifaa al-Mansour wrote on Twitter.
Her film Wadjda made history in 2013 after it became Saudi Arabia's first Academy Award entry.
The film depicts the dream of a 10-year-old girl to get a bicycle just like the boys in her conservative neighbourhood.
This year, the country is again vying for an Oscar with the film Barakah Meets Barakah, the kingdom's first romantic comedy which premiered at the Berlin International Film Festival.
"Now our young men and women will show the world possibilities and stories worth seeing," Saudi filmmaker Aymen Tarek Jamal said on Twitter.
"Congratulations to the 2030 Generation."
By Annie Reuter
Jennifer Lopez and her beau Alex Rodriguez spent some time in the Hamptons this weekend for the charity fundraiser, Apollo in the Hamptons, which raised money for the iconic Apollo Theatre in New York City.
Related: J-Lo and A-Rod Find ‘LOVE' in NYC
On hand was Justin Timberlake who performed a few songs for the A-listers in attendance including Alicia Keys, Jon Bon Jovi, Jamie Foxx, Matt Lauer, Howard Stern, Priyanka Chopra, Chris Rock, Christie Brinkley, Robert Downey Jr., among others.
Timberlake performed a duet with Pharrell Williams and also sang solo for his hits including “SexyBack,” “Rock Your Body,” and “My Love,” reports Entertainment Tonight.
A-Rod posed with Timberlake and Lopez in a photo and praised the event. “Great time raising money for the Apollo Theatre in #NYC. JT killed it!,” he captioned a photo on Instagram.
J-Lo and A-Rod have been spending a lot of time together in New York. The couple shared a recent “Sunday Funday” while posing with some of the city's iconic artwork, including the famous LOVE sculpture by Robert Indiana.
Great time raising money for the Apollo Theatre in #NYC. JT killed it! #Hamptons (📸: @kevinmazur) A post shared by Alex Rodriguez (@arod) on Aug 13, 2017 at 5:49pm PDT
LAHORE - Pakistan Tehreek-e-Insaf leaders Monday warned that any attempt to get the articles 62 and 63 of the Constitution repealed by the Parliament will be foiled with full force with the backing of people.
They also said that the ousted prime minister, Nawaz Sharif was talking about a revolution which was actually meant to save his family's corruption. “It is a "Corruption Bachao Inqilab" by the PML-N leader but we will not allow him to succeed in his designs at any cost,” they said while addressing a public rally at Shahdara.
Former Punjab Governor Chaudhry Sarwar, Opposition leader Mian Mehmoodur Rasheed, Dr Yasmeen Rashid, Ijaz Ahmed Chaudhry, Waleed Iqbal advocate, Mian Hammad Azhar, and Waseem Chaudhry addressed the rally.
Ch Sarwar said that instead of bringing about a revolution, Nawaz Sharif and his family should prepare to face references in the National Accountability Bureau. The PML-N leadership will have to be held accountable in accountability court for their corruption and bad governance, he added.
The former governor also opposed PML-N's plans to get the articles 62 and 63 of the Constitution repealed by the Parliament. “Anybody who tries to eliminate articles 62 and 63 will be considered as national criminal. We will set example out of them by mobilizing public opinion against them,” he warned. He alleged that corruption was the manifesto of the PML-N “but PTI will act like China Wall to protect these articles”. He said that only his party had the capability and wisdom to make Pakistan as dreamt by Jinnah and Iqbal.
Sarwar said that Imran Khan was the manifestation of national desires and no one could stop him from becoming the next prime minister. He explained people were supporting Khan because he was fighting for the rights of people and eradication of corruption. Speaking on the occasion, Mehmoodur Rasheed said that initiation of the process of accountability of the Sharif family was not less than a revolution. He predicted that coming days will prove disastrous for their corruption empire.
Ijaz Chaudary stated that entire Sharif family including Shehbaz Sharif was not truthful and honest under articles 62 and 63 of the Constitution.
OUR STAFF REPORTER
What do you get when you combine an airshow, a warplane and an excited 18-year-old? Black Press' very own Baneet Braich got the chance to take some twists and turns thousands of feet above the ground at the Abbotsford Airshow with pilot Geoff Latter.
The Ontario-born pilot has been flying since he was just 12 years old, leaving Braich in very good hands as they took to the skies in the Nanchang CJ-6A, also know as Nancy.
After the Florence gym floor was flooded by more than an inch of water from a kitchen sink leak, it wasn't hard Friday to find a place to insert a blower underneath the ruined maple floor to try to dry it out.
related media assets (image or videos) available. Click to see the gallery.
3 related media assets (image or videos) available. Click to see the gallery.
Sumitomo Mitsui Financial Group Inc's brokerage unit is ready to poach bankers to expand its U.S. investment banking arm and could even buy small firms if the right target comes up, its chief executive said.
TOKYO: Sumitomo Mitsui Financial Group Inc's brokerage unit is ready to poach bankers to expand its U.S. investment banking arm and could even buy small firms if the right target comes up, its chief executive said.
SMBC Nikko, Japan's third-biggest brokerage by assets, launched in New York last year a niche team focusing on mergers and acquisitions (M&A) and debt capital markets in an effort to capitalize on Japanese companies expanding in the United States.
"If targets come up for sale, we have the strength to buy them," Yoshihiko Shimizu said in an interview. "But if we do buy something, it would be as much as a team (of bankers)."
"If that one team is a company, we'll buy the whole company. If there are 30 able people in a team of 100, I only want the 30 people," he said.
Japanese investment banks and brokerages are betting on the U.S. as domestic companies strive to escape a shrinking population and tepid growth at home by expanding in the world's largest economy.
SMBC Nikko's rivals Nomura Holdings Inc and Daiwa Securities Group Inc , Japan's biggest and second-biggest brokerages respectively, have this year beefed up their U.S. investment banking coverage.
Advertisement
Advertisement
Nomura is boosting its ranks of investment bankers in New York, including senior hires in the tech and finance sectors. Daiwa, looking to earn more money from advising mid-sized firms, bought two boutique M&A advisory firms in New York and Baltimore.
Still, Shimizu said buying large securities firms could risk a loss of control - something that has hit Japanese brokerages before. Nomura's 2008 acquisition of Lehman Brothers' Asian and European businesses led to six straight years of overseas pretax losses totaling 385 billion yen (US$3.40 billion).
SMBC Nikko's New York team, comprising 10 senior bankers, focuses on sectors where the brokerage's parent - No. 3 among Japan's "megabanks" - has strong connections, including pharmaceuticals and raw materials.
In the year to November, the parent was the top advisor by number of deals involving Japanese firms, but only fifth by deal volume, Thomson Reuters data showed. Last year it ranked second by commissions and 10th by deal volume.
sentifi.com Channel NewsAsia - Sentifi topic widget
"Little by little, we're seeing success." said Shimizu, a 39-year veteran of Japan's banking industry.
SMBC Nikko will leverage its parent's lending business as an "entrance ticket" to broaden opportunities in debt and equity financing and M&A advisory, Shimizu said, with the company looking to serve major Japanese firms.
"You can't make money by focusing only on blue-chips. But at the same time I don't want to focus in America on small and medium-size firms," he said.
(Reporting by Thomas Wilson and Takahiko Wada; Additional reporting by Taro Fuse; Editing by Christopher Cushing)
Limnéll believes the centre will also enhance the country's role in developing EU-Nato co-operation in preventing hybrid threats.
Jarno Limnéll, a professor of cybersecurity at Aalto University, estimates that the establishment of the European Centre of Excellence for Countering Hybrid Threats in Helsinki is an indication of the recognition enjoyed by the comprehensive security model of Finland.
“Finland's comprehensive security model, which brings together various societal institutions to participate in fostering security, has been acknowledged by both the EU and Nato. Our national model is an excellent example of how to prepare for hybrid threats and implement co-operation, although our own model must also be developed constantly,” he writes in a column for Iltalehti.
Limnéll argues that the priority should be to strengthen mutual trust and promote practical co-operation between the member states of the EU and Nato. The European Centre of Excellence for Countering Hybrid Threats, he adds, will provide Finland with a great opportunity to encourage co-operation in an area that is of significance in the current security climate in Europe.
“[Finland] has thus an opportunity to reinforce its position as a reliable partner in promoting security,” he says.
Kristi Raik, a senior researcher at the Finnish Institute of International Affairs, has similarly lauded the country for taking initiative and becoming the host of the Centre of Excellence for Countering Hybrid Threats.
Aleksi Teivainen – HT
Photo: Markku Ulander – Lehtikuva
Source: Uusi Suomi
A 19 year-old Muslim girl was attacked by two men who ripped off her hijab and dress and drew a cross onto her body in Anderlues, 60 kilometers south of Brussels on Monday night.
The assailants shouted racial slurs at the girl as she tried to escape, calling her a "filthy Arab" before they pinned her down to the ground.
Belgian police have started an investigation into the incident.
Recently, Muslims have been facing increasing Islamophobic attacks as hate crimes have been on the rise.
NAIROBI: Burundi plans to raise money for an election in 2020 by deducting part of civil servants' salaries and taking contributions directly from citizens, a government minister said on Monday, as it seeks to replace dwindling external funding.
Until 2015, Burundi used external aid to pay for elections, but donors have suspended their assistance since a political crisis erupted when President Pierre Nkurunziza sought and won a third term.
Pascal Barandagiye, the minister for interior, said the government will also be seek contributions from every household, which will pay up to 2000 francs (US$1.14) a year. Gross national income per capita stood at US$280 in 2016, and close to 65 percent of the population live below the poverty line, according to World Bank data.
"The total amount of the election cost is not yet known ... But as soon as the needed fund is got the fundraising campaign will be halted," Barandagiye told a news conference. "That contribution should be given voluntarily, it shouldn't be seen as a head tax."
Students of voting age will contribute 1000 francs annually. Civil servants will contribute at least a tenth of their monthly salaries, Barandagiye said. Foreign help would also be accepted, he said.
Burundi has been gripped by a political crisis since April 2015, when Nkurunziza announced he would stand for a third term, which the opposition said violated the constitution as well as a 2005 peace deal that ended a 12-year civil war.
Advertisement
Advertisement
He won a vote largely boycotted by the opposition, but protests sparked a government crackdown. More than 700 people have been killed and 400,000 displaced to neighbouring countries. The economy has stagnated.
The aid-dependent nation now has to rely on domestic tax collection and modest revenue from coffee and tea exports. Key donors, such as the European Union, cut direct financial support to the government over accusations of human rights violations and the crackdown on opponents, which Burundi rejects.
At the end of October, Burundi's cabinet adopted draft legislation seeking to change the current constitution to allow Nkurunziza to run for a fourth term in the 2020 election.
The proposed amendments, which are likely to go to a referendum by next year, seek to abolish the two-term limit and lengthen the presidential terms to seven years.
(Editing by George Obulutsa, Larry King)
TORONTO -
Ontario Premier Kathleen Wynne sued the Opposition leader for defamation Monday, less than six months away from the June provincial election.
The legal action stems from comments Progressive Conservative Leader Patrick Brown made in September, a day before Wynne testified as a witness at a trial in Sudbury, Ont., involving two provincial Liberals facing Election Act bribery charges.
Brown told reporters he hoped Wynne would give answers about the scandal “maybe when she stands trial” and went on to describe her as a “sitting premier, sitting in trial.”
The premier was not on trial and had waived parliamentary privilege in order to testify as a witness.
The Tory leader refused to apologize for the statements both after an initial letter from Wynne's lawyer and following a libel notice in October, saying he would “ignore her baseless legal threat.” His lawyer has said the statements were not defamatory.
Wynne's legal team filed a statement of claim in court Monday that seeks $100,000 in general, aggravated, exemplary and punitive damages. Brown's statements harmed Wynne's reputation, they wrote.
“The deliberate, malicious conduct of the defendant in publishing the defamatory statements is part of an ongoing campaign engineered by the defendant and others to harm the plaintiff's reputation,” Wynne's lawyers wrote.
“The defendant's egregious misconduct in publishing statements that he knew to be false, his ongoing refusal to retract these false statements, and his high-handed and oppressive conduct in stating to media and directly to the world at large that the plaintiff's complaints were baseless and would be ignored, all justify an award of aggravated, exemplary and punitive damages against the defendant.”
Wynne's spokeswoman said the statement of claim was filed to preserve the premier's ability to continue with the legal case.
“We continue to remain hopeful that this issue can be resolved with an apology from Patrick Brown for his defamatory remarks,” Jenn Beaudry wrote. “It should be that simple. However, if he continues to refuse to apologize we will have the ability to continue legal action.”
Brown has not yet filed a statement of defence.
Progressive Conservative Bill Walker also made remarks in September suggesting the premier was under investigation and facing charges in connection with the Sudbury bribery trial. He apologized hours after receiving a letter from Wynne's lawyers.
“Mr. Walker's apology and retraction were widely reported in the media and there can be no doubt that the situation was extensively discussed by (Brown) and his staff,” Wynne's lawyers wrote.
“As a result, the defendant was fully aware that the Walker statements were false, and that Mr. Walker had retracted them and issued a public apology.”
The two Liberals on trial in Sudbury were ultimately acquitted.
Wynne previously sued the former Progressive Conservative leader, Tim Hudak, and another Tory member of provincial parliament after the pair said she oversaw — and possibly ordered — the destruction of documents related to two cancelled gas plants. Those are allegations for which two McGuinty-era staffers are on trial and awaiting a judge's decision.
That lawsuit was resolved in 2015, though it is not known whether it was settled or withdrawn.
A former member of Norway's royal family accused actor Kevin Spacey of groping him at a Nobel Peace Prize event in 2007.
Ari Behn, who is the former son-in-law of King Harald, told a Norwegian radio station on Wednesday the actor touched him inappropriately at the Oslo concert after asking him if wanted to “go out and have a cigarette.”
Behn said he declined Spacey's advances, saying “maybe later.”
Spacey, who was co-hosting the concert, has been accused of sexual misconduct by a slew of men on both sides of the Atlantic.
Actor Anthony Rapp accused Spacey in October of making sexual advances toward him when he was 14, while several of Spacey's “House of Cards” co-workers came out to accuse him of sexual harassment.
The Old Vic Theatre in London later said it had received 20 allegations detailing inappropriate behavior by Spacey during his time working there.
Netflix announced on Monday that “House of Cards” would resume shooting its final season without Spacey.
(thehill)
related media assets (image or videos) available. Click to see the gallery.
2 related media assets (image or videos) available. Click to see the gallery.
Australia spinner Nathan Lyon has spoken out against the International Cricket Council's (ICC) decision to broadcast sound from the stump microphone at all times and the introduction of audible obscenities as a new offence.
REUTERS: Australia spinner Nathan Lyon has spoken out against the International Cricket Council's (ICC) decision to broadcast sound from the stump microphone at all times and the introduction of audible obscenities as a new offence.
The ICC announced four new violations into its revised code of conduct on Monday - attempting to gain an unfair advantage (cheating, other than ball-tampering), personal abuse, audible obscenity and disobeying an umpire's instructions.
Advertisement
The governing body also introduced harsher sanctions for ball-tampering at its five-day Annual Conference in Dublin.
"I totally agree with the ball-tampering stuff, but to be honest with you, I'm not the biggest fan of the stump mics being turned up," Lyon said on The Unplayable Podcast.
"I think what's on the field needs to stay on the field.
The 30-year-old, who last played for Australia in their final one-day international of the five-match series defeat by England last month, believes players often curse at their own failings under pressure, which might not be the best example for young fans.
Advertisement
Advertisement
"I'm not saying swearing is OK, but when you're competing at the highest level and under extreme amounts of pressure, sometimes you miss your skill and therefore an expletive may come out," he added.
"But we're going to have young kids watching so as grown men we need to try and pull our heads in and realise that we're massive role models for the game."
Australia are competing in a Twenty20 international tri-series against Pakistan and Zimbabwe and, having beaten both their opponents convincingly in the opening two matches, they face the South Asian nation again on Thursday.
(Reporting by Aditi Prakash in Bengaluru; Editing by Keith Weir)
Vigil@nce - Pulse Connect Secure: Cross Site Scripting via custompage.cgi
March 2018 by Vigil@nce
This bulletin was written by Vigil@nce : https://vigilance.fr/offer
SYNTHESIS OF THE VULNERABILITY
An attacker can trigger a Cross Site Scripting via custompage.cgi of Pulse Connect Secure, in order to run JavaScript code in the context of the web site.
Impacted products: Pulse Connect Secure.
Severity: 2/4.
Creation date: 17/01/2018.
DESCRIPTION OF THE VULNERABILITY
The Pulse Connect Secure product offers a web service.
However, it does not filter received data via custompage.cgi before inserting them in generated HTML documents.
An attacker can therefore trigger a Cross Site Scripting via custompage.cgi of Pulse Connect Secure, in order to run JavaScript code in the context of the web site.
ACCESS TO THE COMPLETE VIGIL@NCE BULLETIN
https://vigilance.fr/vulnerability/...
The senator representing Kogi west, Dino Melaye, has been arrested — a second time on Tuesday — by officers of the Nigeria police force.
The senator was arrested around 7:30pm at Zankili Medical Center, Abuja, where he is being treated for injuries sustained when he jumped out of a moving vehicle in a bid to escape.
The police are, however, yet to take the senator away from the hospital as he is still being treated.
Sources at the hospital told newsmen that the security operatives have taken custody of the room he is in.
Movement is being restricted in some parts of the hospital.
British Prime Minister Theresa May has postponed a trip to China that had been provisionally planned for November due to a timetable clash with U.S. President Donald Trump who would have been there at the same time, Sky News reported on Friday.
LONDON: British Prime Minister Theresa May has postponed a trip to China that had been provisionally planned for November due to a timetable clash with U.S. President Donald Trump who would have been there at the same time, Sky News reported on Friday.
Sky cited a source from May's office who said the trip had never been finally confirmed or publicly announced.
(Reporting by Costas Pitas and Alistair Smout; editing by Michael Holden)
PARIS: Serena Williams faces her first seeded opponent at the French Open on Thursday and will hope to use her booming serve to beat Australian Ashleigh Barty in the second round.
Barty, the 17th seed, cruised past Natalia Vikhlyantseva in the first round, while Serena, back at one of her favourite venues after a two-year absence, overwhelmed Czech Kristyna Pliskova in straight sets.
Advertisement
The American is playing in a Grand Slam for the first time since winning a 23rd title at the 2017 Australian Open and giving birth to her daughter Alexis in September.
World number one Simona Halep resumes her quest for a maiden Grand Slam crown against 22-year-old American wildcard Taylor Townsend.
In the men's draw, third seed Marin Cilic faces Poland's Hubert Hurkacz. Defending champion and top seed Rafa Nadal is also in action on day five, facing Argentine Guido Pella on Court Suzanne Lenglen.
Order of play on the main showcourts (all matches second round unless stated, times GMT, prefix numbers denote seeding):
Advertisement
Advertisement
Court Philippe Chatrier (play starts at 0900)
3-Marin Cilic (Croatia) v Hubert Hurkacz (Poland)
1-Simona Halep (Romania) v Taylor Townsend (U.S.)
Julien Benneteau (France) v 15-Juan Martin Del Potro (Argentina)
Serena Williams (U.S.) v 17-Ashleigh Barty (Australia)
Court Suzanne Lenglen (play starts at 0900)
3-Garbine Muguruza (Spain) v Fiona Ferro (France)
Malek Jaziri (Tunisia) v 27-Richard Gasquet (France)
1-Rafael Nadal (Spain) v Guido Pella (Argentina)
Shuai Peng (China) vs 7-Caroline Garcia (France)
Court 1 (play starts at 0900)
24-Denis Shapovalov (Canada) v Maximilian Marterer (Germany)
28-Maria Sharapova (Russia) v Donna Vekic (Croatia)
Pierre-Hugues Herbert (France) v Jeremy Chardy (France)
11-Julia Goerges (Germany) v Alison van Uytvanck (Belgium)
(Reporting by Simon Jennings in Bengaluru, editing by Ed Osmond)
The cost calculator is intended to provide a ballpark estimate for information purposes only and is not to be considered an actual quote of your total moving cost. Data provided by Moving Pros Network LLC. More…
The calculator is based on industry average costs. Your move costs may vary depending on the actual weight of your goods, the services you request or are needed to complete the move, and/or on the pricing of each individual mover. Also, certain costs are not reflected in this calculation, for example any fuel surcharge that may be applicable at the time of your move and valuation costs.
Dickson County Sheriff Jeff Bledsoe pauses during a press conference as he talks about Sgt. Daniel Baker who was shot and killed Wednesday, May 30, 2018. Authorities are searching for a suspect, according to the Tennessee Highway Patrol.
Lacy Atkins / The Tennessean
DICKSON, Tenn. — A manhunt continued into the evening for a man wanted in the killing of a sheriff's deputy Wednesday morning in rural Tennessee.
Meanwhile, woman was charged Wednesday night for her alleged involvement in the crime.
Dickson County Sheriff Jeff Bledsoe identified the deceased deputy as 32-year-old Sgt. Daniel Baker, a 10-year veteran of the department with a record of heroism who had also served in the Marines.
Details about what transpired during the shooting were sparse, but the Tennessee Bureau of Investigation identified the suspect as 31-year-old Steven Wiggins, a felon with a violent criminal history who was wanted on multiple warrants at the time of the shooting. He remained at large late Wednesday night.
Sgt. Daniel Baker
File photo
At 9:30 p.m., TBI announced that agents had arrested Erika Castro-Miles, a 39-year-old Dickson woman who had been detained earlier in the day. She was charged with first-degree murder and is being held in the Dickson County jail.
In a statement, TBI reported that Castro-Miles was an acquaintance of Wiggins and investigators had received information that she "participated in the incident."
Baker leaves behind a wife and daughter, Bledsoe said.
"He's one of the guys who put his life on the line every day to keep the community safe ... he was doing that today," Bledsoe said Wednesday as he fought back tears.
"Not only has our agency lost a brother, but our community has lost a hero."
Steven Wiggins mugshot from a 2017 arrest in Williamson County
TBI
The incident began at about 7 a.m., when a man reported seeing a suspicious vehicle, TBI spokeswoman Susan Niland said.
Baker responded to the call, but after a period of time, failed to check in with dispatchers, said Josh Locke, acting TBI director.
An officer with another agency was able to find the vehicle in a wooded area about two miles away from the initial call, according to TBI.
Baker was found dead inside.
Niland said authorities quickly identified Wiggins using video surveillance.
Residents on Wednesday were being asked to stay inside as law enforcement officers searched for Wiggins in a 3-mile radius from where Baker's vehicle was found.
Helicopters from the highway patrol and the Williamson County Sheriff's Office were also being used in the search.
We're issuing a Tennessee Blue Alert for Steven Wiggins, the person-of-interest in the shooting death of a Dickson County sheriff's deputy. He is believed to be armed and dangerous.
Spot him? Call 911! pic.twitter.com/Aj8oxy06hd — TBI (@TBInvestigation) May 30, 2018
Wednesday evening, Baker's body was escorted by a procession of law enforcement vehicles as it was transported to the Medical Examiner's office in Nashville.
TBI, the lead agency in the investigation, added Wiggins to its Top 10 Most Wanted list late Wednesday morning.
Bledsoe urged Wiggins to surrender to law enforcement.
"He needs to be held accountable for what we know he has done," Bledsoe said. "He has the option to do the right thing. People make mistakes, and people do things that are terrible, and this is an evil deed that he's done, but now he can show people that there's still something left in him by turning himself in."
At the time of the shooting, records show Wiggins had active warrants issued out of two counties, including one in Dickson County for failure to appear in court stemming from February charges of possession of meth and possession of drug paraphernalia.
The Williamson County warrant stems from a July 2016 incident in which he held a girlfriend at knifepoint. In that case he pleaded guilty to charges of especially aggravated kidnapping, assault and false imprisonment, and was sentenced to five years of probation in December, but failed to report to his probation officer.
Baker's family, at his home in Dickson on Wednesday afternoon, requested privacy.
Baker came from a family of law enforcement officers.
He started his career at the sheriff's office in 2008 and made headlines when he chased and caught a drunken man who fired a gun in the parking lot of a Mary Poppins play at the Dickson Renaissance Center in March.
In 2013, Baker also helped rescue a woman who was trapped in a truck that overturned in a creek. Baker and another Deputy, Katelynd Scott, waded into waist-deep water to help free the woman, who was trapped under the water, according to a police report.
Contributing: Emily West, Brett Kelman and Elaina Sauber
Follow Natalie Neysa Alund on Twitter: @nataliealund
Dickson County deputy killed in shooting, manhunt underway People watch as an ambulance carrying the body of 32-year-old Dickson County Sgt. Daniel Baker is escorted by police cars on Highway 46, Wednesday, May 30, 2018, in Dickson, Tenn. Baker, a 10-year veteran of the department, was killed in the line of duty Wednesday morning. 01 / 26 People watch as an ambulance carrying the body of 32-year-old Dickson County Sgt. Daniel Baker is escorted by police cars on Highway 46, Wednesday, May 30, 2018, in Dickson, Tenn. Baker, a 10-year veteran of the department, was killed in the line of duty Wednesday morning. 01 / 26
Copyright 2017 USATODAY.com
Advertisement
Knowing the real owners of companies in the oil and gas sector is critical to checking corruption, money laundering, drug and terrorism financing, tax avoidance and evasion, the Executive Secretary of the Nigeria Extractive Industries Transparency Initiative, Waziri Adio, has said.
Mr. Adio, who was addressing a consultative forum on Open Government Partnership in Abuja on Tuesday, said although knowing how much companies paid, as well as how much government received in taxes, royalty, rents, etc. were important, they were not enough to check corruption.
Identifying Nigeria's membership of Open Government Partnership as a timely platform to push for disclosure of beneficial owners of companies in the extractive industries, Mr. Adio called on government to enact a special legislation to compel companies to make public the names and identities of their real owners.
He urged the President to issue an Executive Order making beneficial ownership disclosure mandatory by extractive industries companies in Nigeria.
Such legislation, the NEITI boss explained, could be made part of the Petroleum Industry and Governance Bill and should also constitute amendments to the Companies and Allied Matters Act.
Mr. Adio announced that already nine countries, including Nigeria, have published EITI reports disclosing the beneficial owners of several companies operating in the industry.
Besides, he said 43 Extractive Industries Transparency Initiative-implementing countries have published roadmaps on beneficial ownership, with 20, including Nigeria, planning to establish public registers of beneficial owners by 2020.
The Executive Secretary said NEITI published a road map on beneficial ownership disclosure which provided clear definition of whom beneficial owners were, details to be disclosed and institutional framework required for effective implementation of beneficial ownership disclosure.
The document also defined who politically exposed persons were and their reporting obligations, challenges around data collection, reliability, accessibility, timeliness, providing clear guidelines on them.
Advertisement
He identified the absence of specific legal framework making beneficial ownership disclosure mandatory as a major challenge to the implementation of ownership transparency in Nigeria.
Mr. Adio, however, acknowledged the existence of laws like the Companies and Allied Matters Act, Freedom of Information Act, Code of Conduct and Tribunal Act and Public Complaints Commission Act as relevant legislations for beneficial ownership.
“There are other policies of the Nigerian government that support efforts at ownership disclosures. They include the Financial Action Task Force, Bank Verification Number, Automation and Access to Corporate Affairs Commission's register,” he said.
Some challenges confronting NEITI, Mr. Adio pointed out, included delay and refusal to provide the real information on the audit templates, confusion over ownership structure (legal), conflict with existing confidentiality agreements, negative perception of beneficial ownership by covered entities (witch hunting), inconsistencies between beneficial ownership disclosures and information in CAC, use of surrogates by politically exposed persons and government officials.
The Attorney General of the Federation and Minister of Justice, Abubakar Malami, who also spoke reiterated government's commitment to the implementation of beneficial ownership disclosure in Nigeria.
“More than ever before, government is determined to implement the legal basis on which beneficial ownership is founded from both an international and national perspectives,” Mr. Malami said, pointing out that some business entities exist solely on paper without the requisite obligation to list the real people who actually own or control them.
The EITI defines beneficial owner as the natural person(s) who directly or indirectly benefits from, owns or controls the corporate entity. EITI standard requires that countries must disclose their beneficial owners by January 2020 and recommends establishment of beneficial ownership register.
The roadmap developed by NEITI on beneficial ownership envisaged the need for capacity building for all stakeholders that will be involved in the implementation of ownership transparency given the complexity of the extractive industries.
A new faction of the Progressives Congress (APC) has emerged in Abuja.
The new faction is named reformed APC (R-APC)
Buba Galadima has been named as the Chairman of R-APC.
The new faction is made up of aggrieved members of the APC, mostly from the National Assembly.
They are currently in a meeting in Abuja and will later brief journalists on their future in the party.
Ghanaian star, Felix Lartey, has described the annual ITTF Challenge Nigeria Open as a good platform for exposure for African players.
Lartey is an integral member of the Ghanaian team to the 2018 Commonwealth Games in Gold Coast, Australia, and has also featured for the West African nation in several continental tournaments including the African Games.
The 26-year-old former national champion in Ghana believes having the Nigeria Open has given players from Africa the chance to test might with their European counterparts in higher level.
“I have featured in three editions of the ITTF Challenge Nigeria Open and I can tell you that the tournament can rival any tournament in Europe in terms of organization and promotion. For us in Africa, we are proud to have such tournament that gives us the opportunity to play against some of the top European players. Nigeria and Lagos specifically is Africa's home of table tennis because the fans understand the sport and this prompted them to support the players regardless of the nationality of such player. I enjoy every moment I spend playing in Lagos,” he said.
Having made it to the round of 32 in two previous editions, the Ghana Immigration Service officer hopes to become the first Ghanaian player to make it to the quarterfinal of an ITTF-title tournament having exited early in previous editions.
“Nigeria Open has given me the chance to assess myself as a player and I will be happy to make it to the quarterfinal this year as the first Ghanaian to make it to the last eight of an ITTF-title tournament. Aside from the quality of organization and promotion Nigeria Open has, it has given players like me the opportunity to improve my game,” he added.
Having attended several tournaments in Africa, Felix Lartey admitted that Nigeria Open is a good advertisement for Africa.
“I can categorically say that Nigeria Open is far better than any tournament in Africa because the quality of organization and players that take part in the competition attest to the fact that it has become of the cherished tournaments in Africa.”
Apart from the organization, Felix Lartey believes the talents that abound in Nigeria have made some African players to visit the West African nation in order to improve themselves in the sport.
“Nigeria has talented players and most times some of us visit Nigeria to train with some of these unknown players and the atmosphere at the venue of the Nigeria Open is another motivation for any player because it is always electrifying playing at the Molade Okoya-Thomas Hall with the continuous support from the Lagos fans,” he added.
ST. PAUL, Minn. (AP) Minnesota health officials say they are unable to identify the source of an E. coli strain that killed a 3-year-old Wright County girl and sickened her older brother.
The state Health Department said Monday it has completed its investigation but was unable to identify a single source of E. coli.
The parents of Kallan Maresh say the bacteria toxin attacked their daughter's kidneys and neurological system and led to her death. Kallan and her 5-year-old brother, Kade, contracted the bacteria July 9, sending them into kidney failure.
The Health Department says disease investigators considered all known potential sources of E. coli, including farm animals. But officials did not find a connection with a petting zoo the children visited, despite extensive testing of the animals.
No additional cases have been reported.
LANSING, Mich. (AP) — The Michigan Department of Natural Resources is taking applications for grants supporting tree plantings and other activities that boost urban and community forest growth.
Officials say up to $90,000 in federal funds is available for projects around the state. Applicants can seek up to $20,000, depending on the project type.
All grants require a one-to-one match of funds. They can be cash contributions or services.
Local governments, nonprofit organizations, schools and tribal governments are eligible to apply.
In addition to planting trees, grants can be used for urban forest management, planning and training. Arbor Day celebrations and materials also can be funded.
Applications must be postmarked by Sept. 22.
Funded projects must take place on land that's owned by or accessible to the public.
Share this: Email
Print
Facebook
Twitter
Google
Pinterest
More
LinkedIn
Tumblr
Reddit
Volkswagen said on Friday there were no plans at present to change where Czech subsidiary Skoda makes its cars, as it seeks to allay the fears of unions and politicians in the republic about losing work to Germany.
BERLIN: Volkswagen said on Friday there were no plans at present to change where Czech subsidiary Skoda makes its cars, as it seeks to allay the fears of unions and politicians in the republic about losing work to Germany.
Skoda's main union on Thursday threatened to cut back on overtime work if the VW group were to shift output to Germany.
Facing possible cuts in production capacity at home, Volkswagen managers and labor leaders want to benefit from Skoda's success by taking on some of the Czech company's work in Germany and make the lower-cost stablemate pay more for shared technology, company sources have said.
In particular VW workers' representatives are demanding the transfer of some Skoda production to their underused German plants to offset declining output of the VW Passat and ageing Golf that could otherwise threaten more jobs.
"At the present time, no changes (in production) are planned for the Skoda brand," a spokesman at VW's Wolfsburg headquarters said on Friday.
However, tensions between VW's various carmaking brands are expected to rise ahead of a Nov. 17 supervisory board meeting which is due to approve annual investment budgets across the group.
Advertisement
Advertisement
Skoda Chief Executive Bernhard Maier has told staff that the Czech unit would only make use of VW's wider manufacturing network to cope with peaks in demand, according to a letter sent to employees which was seen by Reuters on Friday.
Skoda now ranks as VW's second most profitable car brand behind Porsche and production capacity at its three Czech plants is stretched to the limit.
The company will have to consider raising capacity to be able to meet customer demand, Maier said.
"To meet the large customer interest in our cars, we continue to rely on the effort and flexibility of the entire workforce and the constructive cooperation with the (Czech) KOVO union," he said in the letter to staff.
sentifi.com Channel News Asia - Sentifi topic widget
"As a matter of principle, our Czech factories are and will remain first choice," he added.
(Reporting by Andreas Cremer and Jan Schwartz; Editing by Greg Mahlich)
Indian TV shows today are dangerous enough to cause cancer to any healthy man. Hats off to shows like Pehredaar Piya Ki which showcases love story between a 9-year-old and his care taker who is twice her age. A special mention goes to serials like Naagin and Sasural Simar Ka where even reptiles and insects have got a role to play. Talented, aren't they? And we better not forget Ye Hai Mohabbatein and almost all shows involving Ekta Kapoor which is dragged without any growth in the plot. TV industry in the 90s catered to all age groups and social issues. Serials like Shaktimaan, Dekh Bhai Dekh, Captain Vyom, Tara were all from different genres and showcased way more relatable stories. Some of those lovely shows from the 90s are:A Mouthful of Sky is the first English TV series to be produced in India. It dealt with lives and aspirations of the young generations post independence. It was the story of five MBA friends who reunite after 12 years. The plot transforms to a crime thriller. 21 years old, the show is still relevant today.Saans was written and produced by Neena Gupta who also did the role of Priya in this serial. Saans was a modern tale that took up a topic like adultery.Priya fights for herself when her husband walks out of their marriage. She becomes independent, not just financially but also emotionally. The serial was applauded for its realism.The story of Alpaviram revolved around a girl Amrita(Pallavi Joshi) who suddenly faints and goes into a coma. After months, she wakes up only to find that she is 3months pregnant. She gets raped while in a coma, this leads to a million questions in her mind.This show had its viewers hooked in the strangest manner. It was appreciated for bringing to notice mishaps in lives of people that may leave them helpless.Saaya shows the friendship between two girls who were from completely different backgrounds. Sudha is a simple and shy girl from an orthodox family whereas her best friend Kamiya is full of enthusiasm for her life.The bond between these two how enriching a good friendship can be for one's life. We now need to make some shows focused on realistic subjects like these.This show is a cult classic. It was the story of love, betrayal and enemity.It delivered the story of Shaanti (Mandira Bedi), a strong, career oriented journalist. She was an inspiration to the women of those times. It is in complete contrary to how characters of women in the serials today.Starring Milind Soman, this series perhaps took Indian sci-fi to a whole new level by showcasing a space adventure saga of a superhero with inter galactic enemies. Whereas in our modern day Hindi television we fail to find shows depicting such fascination.This was the first time in India TV industry that a subject like feminism was catered to. The story revolved around three urban women, their desires and troubles. All this- 23 years ago! 23 years ago, life of women was depicted without placing their in-laws and love life centrally while Ekta Kapoor still fails to do so.This serial showcased an upper middle-class kid Jai, who lives away from his parents and ends up making an imaginary friend. It brought how the life of a child get affected when both his parents work. Where has such sense of realism and innovation gone now?It was the story of a middle-class girl Pooja (Renuka Sahane) who loves Ravi but gets married to his brother. Mahesh rejects her but she does not give up on her life. She shows how a woman can be tolerant yet strong. She completes her education, starts working and marries Ravi.This show brought out what unwilful marriages can lead to.A detective show in that era made the Indian viewers realise what they had been missing out on. This show was based on the popular novel detective, and even movies were based on it in Bollywood as well as Tollywood.Can we ever appreciate it enough? Kids were commonly found utteringSorry Shaktiman or even wearing a similar costume, such was the rage of this superhero TV show. It was aired on several channels in various languages for years.Shaktiman focused on defeating the evil. Sadly, no such serials appear on our TV screens today.Astitva is the story of Dr. Simran Mathur, a renowned gynaecologist. Simran is unable to attend her own wedding because she has to operate on a critically ill patient Anandi. Anandi's brother falls in love with Simran in spite of her being 10 years elder than him and they later get married.This show brings out how much the gap in their age causes problems in their marriage. The show was well received as the audience had never come across a storyline anywhere close to this.
BENGALURU: Indian Defence Minister Manohar Parrikar has welcomed the "calm" on the Line of Control (LoC) and said, India wants to have friendly relationship with Pakistan. He, however, added that this does not mean India will not be prepared for any eventuality.
Responding to a question on reports of ceasefire violations declining since General Qamar Bajwa took charge of Pakistan army last November, the Defence Minister said he appreciates that the new Pakistani General has managed to make his forces understand their neighbour's concerns.
"We wish to have good relationship with Pakistan and China. There should be no reason why we should be fighting and consider them with doubt. As far as I am concerned, I don't consider any action as doubt. If he has kept calm, then I welcome it.
"But that doesn't mean I will not be prepared. My preparedness is an independent exercise, which is not offensive. It is for my defence," the minister said.
: In the backdrop of rising cross-border terror activities in Kashmir and standoff with China in Dokalam, Defence Minister Arun Jaitley on Sunday called upon the armed forces to defend the country's borders with "all its might".In a strong message to Pakistan, he asked it to refrain from continuing with "abhorrent acts" of terrorism against India and reminded Islamabad of the surgical strikes carried out by the Indian Army on September 29 last year on terror launch pads.He said "significant casualties" were caused to terrorists and those providing support to them in the surgical strikes.While referring to contributions of countless patriots in India's freedom struggle, Jaitley without directly referring to any country, said the nation now looks at the armed forces to defend its borders."The nation now looks to you to defend its borders with all your might and to the best of your strength and abilities so that all our people sleep in peace tonight, so that we all see a new dawn together, tomorrow and to take our country to new heights of peace and prosperity for all our people," he said.The comments assumed significance as armies of India and China are locked in a face-off in Dokalam for the past eight weeks.The defence minister was addressing the armed forces personnel in a customary radio broadcast on the eve of the 71st Independence Day.Referring to cross border terrorism in Jammu and Kashmir, Jaitley said the armed forces personnel continue to be vigilant on the Line of Control in defending the nation as "our adversary continues with its abhorrent acts". "Despite our repeated requests to our Western neighbour not to use our territory occupied by it not only to train terrorists but also use it as launch pad for pushing these militants into India, such nefarious activities continued," he said.Jaitley said India ran out of patience as these terrorists were not only targeting the armed forces but also civilians and based on credible inputs, the Indian Army had conducted surgical strikes on September 29 last year at several of these launch pads to pre-empt infiltration by terrorists."The operations were focused on ensuring that these terrorists did not succeed in their design to cause destruction and endanger the lives of our citizens. During these counterterrorist operations significant casualties were caused to terrorists and those providing support to them," he said."Even now our jawans continue to be vigilant on the Line of Control, defending the nation, as our adversary continues with its abhorrent acts. Some of our soldiers continue to make the supreme sacrifice while defending our motherland. The nation is indebted to their martyrdom," he further said. Hailing sacrifice of the armed forces, Jaitley assured them that the government will do all that is necessary to keep their morale high and to meet their functional requirements.Listing initiatives for welfare of the security personnel, he said the government has taken decision on recommendations of the 7th pay commission on allowances, which will benefit 14 lakh personnel.He said rates of Siachen allowance for extreme risk and hardship has been increased from Rs 14,000 per month to Rs 30,000 per month while counter insurgency operations allowance was increased from between Rs 3,000 and Rs 11,700 per month to between Rs 6,000 and Rs 16,900 per month.He said Territorial Army allowance has been hiked from between Rs 175 and 450 per month to Rs 1,000 and Rs 2,000 per month.Jaitley said the benefits of One Rank One Pension (OROP) scheme started reaching the ex-servicemen and families since last year."Till July 10 this year, a sum of Rs 4,156 crore and Rs 2,385 crore have been paid towards first and second instalments of OROP arrears to around 20,40,000 Ex-Servicemen/family pensioners and 15,93,000 Ex-Servicemen respectively."Further, a sum of Rs 2,250 crore has also been paid to 15,13,000 ex-servicemen as third instalments of OROP arrears. The Government is also sympathetically considering the report of the one-man judicial committee headed by Justice L Narasimha Reddy on OROP to look into the anomalies, if any, arising out of implementation of OROP and will take decision soon," he said.Jaitley also said that the government has enhanced penury grant to non-pensioner ex-servicemen/widows to Rs 4,000 per month from the existing rate of Rs 1,000 per month. The defence minister also mentioned about the a campaign to have a 'Wall of Valour' in 1,000 educational institutions across the country."Portraits of Param Vir Chakra decorated soldiers will be displayed at designated places on educational campuses to instil sense of nationalism among the students," he said.
Public health officials are advising against getting in the water at Rogers Lake in Old Lyme after samples collected at the swimming area showed high levels of bacteria.
The town posted a warning on its website Friday afternoon, discouraging swimming or wading in the lake until further notice.
No other information was immediately available.
REUTERS: Stoke City winger Ibrahim Afellay is uncertain where he will ply his trade next season, as there has been no movement in terms of extending his contract beyond the current campaign with the Premier League club.
The injury-prone Dutchman has featured regularly since he returned in December from an eight-month spell on the sidelines for a knee problem, making five of his nine appearances so far from the bench.
"No news at the moment. For this kind of question you have to ask my agent. I only focus on my work on the pitch and I work very hard every day," the 30-year-old Afellay told British media when asked if he would like to remain.
"That's the only answer I can give at the moment. It's a nice club, of course, but for the moment I can say nothing. I am focused on the job on the pitch. The rest is not for me."
Stoke, who are ninth in the table after 25 games, travel to face third-placed Tottenham Hotspur on Sunday Feb.26.
(Reporting by Shravanth Vijayakumar in Bengaluru)
Firefighters battled a blaze Sunday night at Le Blaks No 1 restaurant in Île-Perrot, just west of the island of Montreal.
It started around 8:20 p.m., taking several hours to extinguish, according to Sûreté du Québec (SQ) spokesperson Daniel Thibaudeau.
Popular #IlePerrot restaurant Le Blaks No. 1 went up in flames last night, @sureteduquebec says source of fire still unknown pic.twitter.com/7EZIa6dsNs — Sarah Volstad (@SVolstadGlobal) January 2, 2017
No one was in the restaurant, located at 68 Grand Boulevard, at the time.
The boulevard was closed between 2nd and 5th avenues for most of the evening.
There were no reported injuries.
The cause of the fire is still unknown.
The Saginaw Township Police Department's Crime Prevention Unit organized an effort to stop shoplifters at local businesses, which resulted in 35 arrests.
The Shoplifting Blitz took place from Dec. 7 to Dec. 8.
The operation included the support of Saginaw County Sheriff Department, Michigan State Police, and Carrolton Township Police Department as well as loss prevention officers from nearly two dozen stores.
Within the stores, police used hand-held radios so that shoplifting information could be passed along in real time.
“The whole point of this is that nobody gets away,” said Saginaw Township Det. Sgt. Scott Malace who oversaw the operation. “Shoplifters see the coordinated effort between the stores and police and then tell other shoplifters and criminals to stay from our business districts because the risk of getting caught is heightened.”
“I am pleased with the partnership that law enforcement has without loss prevention personnel in combating this costly crime,” said Saginaw Township Chief of Police Donald Pussehl. “We will continue to focus our efforts on apprehending who choose to steal from our business.”
The Saginaw Township Police Department also plans to do more operations that target retail related crimes in the near future.
Copyright 2017 WNEM (Meredith Corporation). All right reserved.
ADVERTISEMENT
Auctions can be exciting events. After all, there's a chance you might pick up something that looks like a piece of junk but turns out to be a priceless antique. Phil LeClerc may have had that in mind when he spent $40 on a secondhand desk at Kelley Auctions in Holbrook, Massachusetts. However, what he found inside it would actually dramatically change a family's life.
Marg-e Kelley, who ran Kelley Auctions with her family, knows just how exciting auctions can be. In an interview with The Boston Globe in October 2014, coincidentally just a month before LeClerc bought his $40 desk, she was asked what was the highest price she'd sold an item for at auction.
ADVERTISEMENT
In answer to the question, Kelley replied, “A Gustav Stickley desk organizer in 2007, with inlay by Harvey Ellis; there were only six made. It went for $214,500. The lady who brought it in tried to sell it to us for a few hundred dollars, but we said we'd auction it for her.”
ADVERTISEMENT
ADVERTISEMENT
Former US President, Bill Clinton, will be visiting Dominica next week to view ongoing efforts to rebuild following the devastating impact of Hurricane Maria on the island last September.
He will also visit the US Virgin Islands which was struck by Hurricane Irma. He visited Puerto Rico last November.
“Puerto Rico, the U.S. Virgin Islands, and the Caribbean community are in need, and we must answer that call,” Clinton said. “Together with leaders from government, business, and civil society, we can demonstrate what is possible when we come together and bring our collective will and resources to bear on this crisis. We have a responsibility to act, for the people who are still suffering, and for all the future generations in the region.”
Clinton has also announced that his foundation, the Clinton Foundation, will be launching an Action Network on Post-Disaster Recovery at the invitation of the leaders of Puerto Rico, the U.S. Virgin Islands, Antigua & Barbuda, and Dominica. This after meeting with leaders from these countries earlier this week.
At the meeting, Clinton described developments of several new Commitments to Action to be announced at the April meeting, including the rebuilding of schools and homes in Dominica, a statement from the Clinton Foundation said.
A statement from the Clinton Foundation said the Action Network will formally convene for a meeting on April 3rd at the University of Miami.
At that meeting, “stakeholders will continue to work towards Commitments to Action to address the on-going immediate response needs, as well as the long-term recovery in the region.”
“This Action Network builds from the successful Clinton Global Initiative (CGI) model, where leaders from across sectors convene to mobilize resources and implement solutions to addressing pressing global challenges,” the statement said.
It said the Action Network on Post-Disaster Recovery will be focusing on five key areas: energy, infrastructure, health, education, and economic development.
“The Commitments to Action will aim to improve disaster response and support the sustainable, inclusive, and resilient rebuilding of the region,” the statement said.
It went on to say that the Action Network will support this work by providing its members with opportunities to:
Identify critical areas of need where they can have the deepest impact;
Coordinate work and avoid duplication of efforts;
Network and build new partnerships; and
Share lessons learned, best practices, and common resources with a larger community.
The statement added, “The Action Network is expected to meet in person on a quarterly basis, with opportunities for members to coordinate across sectors and geographies throughout the year. It builds on the successful CGI Action Network model – for example, the Haiti Action Network, which began 10 years ago when four hurricanes devastated the country and continued through the devastating 2010 earthquake, has led to 130 Commitments to Action in Haiti worth more than $500 million when fully funded and implemented, in areas including health, education, energy, agriculture, and infrastructure.”
In November last year, the Prince of Wales visited Dominica.
It only took 20 years for Brie Larson to become an overnight success.
The Oscar-winning star of the drama Room and the future Captain Marvel herself has been acting since she was a child.
At age six, the Sacramento native became the youngest student ever to attend the American Conservatory Theatre in San Francisco.
Acting in childhood, Larson says, “Was a playground for me to be able to express all these things that were confusing to me, or things I wanted to know more about, to try on different people, different ways of doing things."
The self-described shy child began her career in television. She made her film debut in the 1999 movie, Special Delivery, and appeared in such films as 13 Going on 30, Sleepover and Hoot, graduating to roles in Scott Pilgrim vs. the World, 21 Jump Street, Rampart and The Spectacular Now; on television, she starred in the United States of Tara, among other projects.
In 2013, Larson, 27, was in two films — Don Jon and Short Term 12 — that brought her critical attention. Trainwreck and Room made 2015 a ‘breakout' year for the young actress, and she is currently in theatres starring in Kong: Skull Island.
Later this year, Larson will make her feature directorial debut with Unicorn Store; she also stars in the movie alongside Samuel L. Jackson, Joan Cusack and Bradley Whitford.
This week, Larson's new movie, Free Fire, opens in theatres. The blackly comic crime caper from director Ben Wheatley (Kill List) is a shoot ‘em up about a small arms deal gone wrong; Larson stars in Free Fire with Armie Hammer, Sharlto Copley, Cillian Murphy and Noah Taylor.
Martin Scorsese is the executive producer.
We spoke to Brie Larson when she was at the Toronto International film festival to promote Free Fire.
Had you encountered director Ben Wheatley in the past?
“I had watched his films. You hear good things from other actors.”
Wheatley has said the game Counter Strike was one source of inspiration for Free Fire.
“It did feel like a long game of Laser Tag. [Laughs]. It's really entertaining, but there's a lot more going on under the surface.”
And it was shot in Brighton. You must be travelling the world these days?
“That's just how it goes. At least it's usually a couple of months in one spot, which is usually enough to get a handle on a place. I'm grateful for that. And I love the fact I've worked in so many places. But we're always constantly moving around, so that's why certain moments, like a banquet or a gala or an awards' ceremony, when you see someone again, it's an amazing chance! It's like a reunion because you run into so many people. Recently I was shooting in Montreal and Jen Lawrence was shooting at the same time and it was incredible that we got to spend weekends together. We were like, ‘How could we be so lucky?' You get so used to being on your own, and exploring a new place and meeting new people all the time, so it's such a treat when there's a friend there.”
Can we talk about change in your life? A year ago you were here to promote Room, and now you have an Oscar for that movie. And a huge public profile.
“I think it's kind of a typical thing — a year later, so much has changed and so much has stayed the same. A lot of things about my public persona have changed, in that more people know what my face looks like, but all of the intimate details — like my private life, the friends I have, how I take my coffee — that's all the same. It's an intriguing experience being back here after a year, because I'm the same, but I've noticed that my public perception has changed.”
That public perception is going to change again with your Captain Marvel role, right?
"That wasn't my motivation for doing it. I have very specific reasons for doing film, and they don't have to do with me, or getting my face plastered on more objects. It's about the material. And movies live on and can be places I can't, and I want to be conscious about what that is that I'm presenting to the world. And what those representations of life are, and how they're being shared. And obviously, Marvel is such an incredible platform to be able to share in storytelling, and I think that what Captain Marvel represents, and what this film is shaping up to be, has a message that's undeniably important to the world right now.”
How do you feel about this sudden flood of attention on you?
“I'm a pretty private person; so much of my day-to-day is much the same. The beauty of being a 20-year overnight success is that I've had a lot of time to have a clear understanding of what I'm interested in and why it fills me up. This job can be really draining on one side, because it's a lot of giving. You're giving emotionally when you're playing a character, you're giving emotionally when you're doing interviews, when you're meeting with fans. It's an act of service. You have to find a way to balance it up with things that are for yourself, that fill you back up again. I feel like I'm still learning about that balance, because the output is more than what it was. But my overall life is the same. I'm in the same body I was always in.”
Is this film festival in Toronto different for you now?
“This TIFF experience is bizarre. [Laughs] It's like, a year ago I could walk around anywhere and nobody cared what I was doing. That's a weird, sort of, out-of-body experience now that I'm the same, but everyone around me has sort of changed. But it's wonderful! I'm so incredibly grateful for this last year and for what TIFF has brought into my life.”
Twitter: @LizBraunSun
LBraun@postmedia.com
---
REMEMBER THIS?
Brie Larson is such a chameleon that you've likely seen her in more than a few films without even realizing it.
Here are five Brie Larson movies you forgot she was in:
RIGHT ON TRACK (2003)
In this made for TV Disney movie, baby-faced Larson and Beverley Mitchell starred as Courtney and Erica Enders, real-life drag-racing sisters who challenged a male dominated sport and won.
HOOT (2006)
Larson and Logan Lerman star as dedicated kids trying to protect an endangered species of owl from a massive construction project. Luke Wilson plays a cop; also with Tim Blake Nelson, Cody Linley.
TANNER HALL (2009)
This is cheating, because the movie was never really released into theatres. But still — here's Larson starring with Rooney Mara, Amy Seders and Tom Everett Scott in a coming of age (and sexual awakening) drama about a girls' boarding school.
21 JUMP STREET (2012)
How could you forget? In this comedy about two moronic young cops sent to work undercover in a high school, Larson plays Jonah Hill's adorable love interest.
THE GAMBLER (2014)
Larson is the spunky love interest opposite Mark Wahlberg in the story of a literature professor leading a double life — as a gambling addict. Larson plays one of Wahlberg's students, but she also works part-time in a casino, so she knows both sides of his story. Drama also stars Jessica Lange and John Goodman.
-Liz Braun
NAIROBI: Kenya's Court of Appeal on Wednesday ordered the release of officials of the national doctors' union to continue negotiations with the government over a strike that has paralysed the public health sector.
The officials were ordered to serve a one-month jail term on Monday after a lower court found them guilty of contempt of court in relation to the strike which started in December.
(Reporting by Duncan Miriri and Clement Uwiringiyimana; Editing by Janet Lawrence)
APRIL 17 UPDATE: Action tentpole scores third biggest April debut in history.
While all eyes will be on the spectacular international and global performance at the weekend, The Fate And The Furious demolished the competition in North America with the third biggest April debut on a confirmed $98.8m.
Universal's eighth instalment in the action franchise delivered a robust launch over three days to propel the worldwide debut to a stunning confirmed $532m that will overtake Star Wars: The Force Awakens on $529m if the studio confirms that number this week.
The Fate Of The Furious opened in 4,310 theatres and ranks as the second biggest opening in the franchise behind Furious 7 on $147.2m back in April 2015.
Vin Diesel, Dwayne Johnson, Tyrese Gibson, Michelle Rodriguez, Jason Statham, Ludacris and Charlize Theron star and F. Gary Gray directed.
Last weekend's champion The Boss Baby ranks second and has crossed $100m after three weekends to stand at $116.3m.
Disney's $1bn global behemoth Beauty And The Beast ranks third on $454.7m after five.
There were not such good news for Paramount's sci-fi action release Ghost In The Shell, which plummeted 66% and six places to number 11 in its third session on $2.5m for $37.1m after three weekends.
Fox Searchlight's Gifted was the best of the leading releases in their second weekends, climbing 10 places to number six as box office soared 590% following an expansion from 56 to 1,146 sites. The drama added $3.1m for $4.4m.
Smurfs: The Lost Village dropped 49% and fell one place to number four through Sony on $6.7m for $24.9m, while Warner Bros' grey dollar crime heist Going In Style added $6.3m for $23.3m and also fell one place to number five.
Pure Flix's The Case For Christ dropped a mere 31% and climbed one place to number nine on $2.8m for $8.5m.
James Gray's adventure The Lost City Of Z starring Charlie Hunnam opened at number 28 through Bleecker Street on $112,633 from four sites. SPC opened Richard Gere drama Norman at number 30 on $99,211 from five.
Roadside Attractions opened Tommy's Honour at number 23 on $208,766 in 167 theatres, and Open Road opened Spark: A Space Tail at number 27 on $116,873 in 365.
The top 12 combined for $160.3m, marking a 44% gain on last weekend and a 4.5% drop on the comparable session in 2016 when The Jungle Book opened top.
This week's wide releases are: the Warner Bros thriller Unforgettable starring Katherine Heigl and Rosario Dawson; Terry George's drama The Promise through Open Road; Disneynature's Born In China; A24's Ben Wheatley thriller Free Fire with Brie Larson, Cillian Murphy and Armie Hammer; and sci-fi Phoenix Forgotten through Cinelou Films.
Confirmed top 10 North America April 14-16, 2017
Film (Dist) / Conf wkd gross / Conf total to date
1 (-) The Fate Of The Furious (Universal) Universal Pictures International $98.8m –
2 (1) The Boss Baby (Fox) Fox International $16m $116.8m
3 (2) Beauty And The Beast (Buena Vista) Walt Disney Studios Motion Pictures International $13.7m $454.7m
4 (3) Smurfs: The Lost Village (Sony) Sony Pictures Releasing International $6.7m $24.9m
5 (4) Going In Style (Warner Bros) Warner Bros Pictures International $6.3m $23.3m
6 (16) Gifted (Fox Searchlight) $3.1m $4.4m
7 (8) Get Out (Universal) Universal Pictures International $2.9m $167.6m
8 (6) Power Rangers (Lionsgate) Lionsgate international $2.8m $80.5m
9 (10) The Case For Christ (Pure Flix) Pure Flix International $2.76m $8.5m
10 (7) Kong: Skull Island (Warner Bros) Warner Bros Pictures International $2.7m $161.3m
This gem in the hills of Crestline is perfect for anyone equally passionate about nature and indie horror films. The three-bedroom cabin in the woods was the primary filming location of “Creep,” a 2014 found-footage thriller starring Mark Duplass.
Now, Duplass is putting the 1,440-square-foot retreat on the market for $243,000.
In addition to starring in the 2014 horror flick "Creep," the modern cabin in the woods has three bedrooms and two decks. (Realtor.com) (Realtor.com)
Approached by a long, winding stairway, the cozy cabin sits on a large lot tucked into the trees. Vaulted wood ceilings hang over the living room, while a massive stone fireplace anchors the space.
A loft-style kitchen sits adjacent, complete with custom tile floors and modern wood-and-chrome appliances.
Dark hardwood lines the bedrooms and living spaces, which lead out to two large decks that span the length of the home. The mountain residence also has two bathrooms and a laundry area.
Duplass bought the home in 2008 for $101,500, according to public records.
Debra Baker of Lynne B. Wilson & Associates holds the listing.
Splitting time as a director, producer, writer and actor, Duplass, 40, has starred in “The League” and “The Lazarus Effect” (2015). In addition, he co-created the HBO show “Togetherness,” which ran for two seasons from 2015-16.
CAPTION Kid Rock recently sold his Balinese-inspired compound for $9.5 million, $2.1 million less than he paid for it in 2006, in a deal completed off-market. Kid Rock recently sold his Balinese-inspired compound for $9.5 million, $2.1 million less than he paid for it in 2006, in a deal completed off-market. CAPTION Kid Rock recently sold his Balinese-inspired compound for $9.5 million, $2.1 million less than he paid for it in 2006, in a deal completed off-market. Kid Rock recently sold his Balinese-inspired compound for $9.5 million, $2.1 million less than he paid for it in 2006, in a deal completed off-market. CAPTION The party-ready home in Marina del Rey is listed for sale at $3.799 million. The party-ready home in Marina del Rey is listed for sale at $3.799 million. CAPTION Actor Phillip P. Keene has a good reason for hanging out in the downstairs den of his Los Feliz home. Actor Phillip P. Keene has a good reason for hanging out in the downstairs den of his Los Feliz home. CAPTION The Tony winner's prized possession in this room is her Steinway, but she keeps other items there that also inspire her. The Tony winner's prized possession in this room is her Steinway, but she keeps other items there that also inspire her. CAPTION Jillian Michaels retreats to the office in her Malibu home when she needs some kid-free space. Jillian Michaels retreats to the office in her Malibu home when she needs some kid-free space.
jack.flemming@latimes.com
Twitter: @jflem94
NEW YORK: Wall Street stocks fell sharply on Tuesday (Apr 24) on worries about higher interest rates and disappointment over corporate earnings that have not met lofty expectations.
The Dow Jones Industrial Average shed 424.56 points (1.74 per cent) to 24,024.13.
The broad-based S&P 500 fell 35.73 points (1.34 per cent) to 2,634.56, while the tech-rich Nasdaq Composite Index dropped 121.25 points (1.70 per cent) to 7,007.35.
US stocks had begun the session mildly positive, but began falling soon after the yield on the 10-year US Treasury bond hit 3.0 per cent for the first time in more than four years.
The Federal Reserve has been gradually raising interest rates amid and improving US economy and expectations for steeper inflation. Investors fear that higher yields are a signal the central bank will need to hike interest rates more quickly than currently forecast.
Adding to the downward trend were some ugly moves lower by prominent companies following earnings, including Google parent Alphabet, which sank 4.5 per cent on worries about higher costs even as quarterly earnings soared more than 70 per cent to US$9.4 billion.
Advertisement
Advertisement
Alphabet's woes appeared to rub off on other large technology shares, with Amazon falling 3.8 per cent, Facebook 3.7 per cent and Microsoft 2.3 per cent. All three companies report results later this week.
"Investors are looking for companies to not only meet expectations but they also want positive remarks out of management," said Shawn Cruz, manager of trading product and business strategy at TD Ameritrade.
"The bar is set pretty high," he said. "There's a lot of growth and some pretty high valuations priced in right now."
In the Dow, Caterpillar shares sank 6.4 per cent after a conference call in which executives signalled that the company's first quarter would be its peak for 2018, denting hopes of higher profits down the road.
sentifi.com Channel NewsAsia - Sentifi topic widget
Caterpillar had opened the session sharply higher after scoring a huge jump in first-quarter profits and upgrading its full-year forecast.
3M was another big loser in the Dow, falling 6.8 per cent after it lowered its full-year forecast and disclosed an US$897 million charge connected to settling a lawsuit with the state of Minnesota over release of chemicals that allegedly polluted drinking water.
Photo by​ ​David Brendan Hall
Lana Del Rey was not on the Coachella bill this year, but she was still on the Empire Polo Club fields enjoying the show. (Specifically, she got a kick out of Father John Misty and Kendrick Lamar.) On the way home from the weekend, however, she decided to stop off in the woods to write a new song, which she subsequently shared via Instagram.
“I'm not gonna lie,” the singer wrote in the post's description, “I had complex feelings about spending the weekend dancing whilst watching tensions [with] North Korea mount … On my way home I found myself compelled to visit an old favorite place of mine at the rim of the world highway where I took a moment to sit down by the sequoia grove and write a little song. I just wanted to share this in hopes that one individual's hope and prayer for peace might contribute to the possibility of it in the long run.”
Del Rey sang the song a cappella while surrounded by the trees. “I'd trade the fame and the fortune and fucking legend,” go the lyrics. “I'd give it all away if you give me just one day to answer one question.” Watch the clip below.
I'm not gonna lie- I had complex feelings about spending the weekend dancing whilst watching tensions w North Korea mount. I find It's a tightrope between being vigilantly observant of everything going on in the world and also having enough space and time to appreciate God's good earth the way it was intended to be appreciated. On my way home I found myself compelled to visit an old favorite place of mine at the rim of the world highway where I took a moment to sit down by the sequoia grove and write a little song. I just wanted to share this in hopes that one individual's hope and prayer for peace might contribute to the possibility of it in the long run. Hope everyone has a nice day, with love from California A post shared by Lana Del Rey (@lanadelrey) on Apr 17, 2017 at 4:35pm PDT
Del Rey recenty announced her new album, Lust For Life. The release is rumored to be coming on May 26th, but all that's officially been revealed is the lead single, “Love”, and the album art.
click to enlarge KARK/Marci Manley
ABANDONED CAR: Police search stolen vehicle ditched in Saline County.
Little Rock police report that a car with a one-year-old and six-year-old inside was stolen from a service station at 7700 Scott Hamilton Road this morning.Police said they received a call from Saline County not long after that said the children had been dropped off at a residence in Saline County and police went to pick the children up. The vehicle was found later, too, but a search continues for the person who took the Ford Escape.Police said the theft from an Exxon station was reported at 7:06 a.m. The call from Saline County came at 7:30 a.m. and the children were returned to their mother. At 8 a.m., the vehicle was spotted near Autumnwood and Chicot Roads.
German Chancellor Angela Merkel said on Wednesday the European Union was ready to start negotiating with Britain about its exit from the EU on June 19, as planned, saying she assumed that the talks would proceed despite last week's parliamentary election in Britain.
MESEBERG, Germany: German Chancellor Angela Merkel said on Wednesday the European Union was ready to start negotiating with Britain about its exit from the EU on June 19, as planned, despite surprising election losses for London's governing Conservatives.
She said she assumed that the talks would proceed despite the setback for Prime Minister Theresa May's Conservatives in the June 8 parliamentary election, in which her party lost its governing majority.
"We're ready on the European side. We'll see about the rest," Merkel told reporters after a meeting with top government officials, unions and business leaders in Meseberg, a town in eastern Germany.
She declined to speculate about any change in Britain's plans to withdraw from the EU following the election, saying, "The citizens have decided, and I assume that we will have to carry out these negotiations."
May has said the divorce talks, likely to be the most complex in Europe since World War Two, would begin as planned next week and her Brexit minister, David Davis, said London's negotiating position was unchanged.
Advertisement
Advertisement
But May's predecessor, David Cameron, said there would be pressure after last week's surprise for a "softer" Brexit that gave greater priority to a close trading deal with the EU.
Foreign Minister Sigmar Gabriel, echoing remarks by French President Emmanuel Macron, said the door to Europe remained open to Britain, and it was up to the British people whether they wanted to change their minds about leaving the EU.
"We all have an interest ... in keeping them as close as possible to the European Union, because Britain is an important country, vital to the EU in the security and foreign policy realm, and naturally also a part of the European market," he said.
Both Merkel and Gabriel said the EU would have to safeguard its own interests in the negotiations with Britain.
"The remaining 27 nations of the future European Union must represent our interests in a way that strengthens unity among the 27 and still maintains good relations with Britain," Merkel told the joint news conference.
Gabriel said the drop in support for May's Conservatives reflected dissatisfaction with the Brexit process. "There's no benefit to messing with the interests of your population all too much," he said.
(Reporting by Andrea Shalal, Andreas Rinke and Reuters TV, editing by Mark Heinrich)
They say it's the thought that counts when it comes to giving gifts, but let's be honest: It helps if the person you're giving a gift to actually wants said gift. This is particularly true for new moms on Mother's Day — because even if she's spending all her time focusing on a certain (tiny) someone else right now, there are still things she needs for herself (and she's probably too tired to ask). So what some acceptable gifts for new moms?
Flowers are lovely, sure, and brunch is a classic, but flowers aren't going to make her feel any less exhausted or overwhelmed, and brunch with a baby can end up making her feel more exhausted and overwhelmed, honestly. And while dropping by for a visit might sound like a nice thing to do, having people show up to her (probably messy) house to hold her baby with their (probably germy) hands might be more stressful for a new mom than anything else.
Sometimes, the best present for a new mom isn't something you can wrap in a box. New moms need help a lot more than they need birthstone jewelry (not that a little bling is a bad thing). There are so many ways to show your love and support this Mother's Day, and some don't even cost a dime!
1 Time Giphy It can be tough to know exactly what a new mom needs. Maybe what she wants more than anything in the world is a nap. Maybe she's dying to just go sit in a Starbucks by herself with her own thoughts for once. Maybe she's a working mom who just wants some one-on-one time with her baby where she doesn't have to worry about anything else. That's why sometimes the best gift is just the offer of a few hours to do whatever she wants (while you pick up the slack).
2 A Spa/Salon Gift Certificate Giphy Whether it's a haircut or a massage or a pedicure, sometimes a little pampering goes a long way when it comes to making a new mom feel like a human being again. A gift card to her favorite salon or spa for whatever service is the most appealing could be as magical as a visit from her fairy godmother.
3 An Afternoon Of Errand Running Giphy As every mom knows, all the average errands that need to be run on a regular basis get a lot more complicated with a newborn in tow. Save her the stress by offering up an afternoon to take care of whatever tasks she needs to knock off her to-do list: go to the post office, do the grocery shopping, pick up the dry cleaning.
4 A Session With A Cleaning Service Giphy Unless she's one of those people who find cleaning therapeutic, it's probably safe to say that the last thing the typical new mom wants to do is clean the house. (Not to mention the fact that it's practically impossible with a baby who needs to nurse every 30 seconds or so.) With a gift card to a service like Merry Maids, scrubbing the toilet will be one less thing she has to worry about.
5 A Meal Kit Delivery Service Gift Card Giphy Again, it's all about making her life easier — and meal kits delivery services like Blue Apron are meant to do just that. Sure, somebody still has to cook the food, but there's no shopping, chopping, or measuring required (and you don't even have to think of something to make). Take the reins and handle the cooking on this one.
6 Something Super Comfy To Wear Around The House Giphy Comfort is so incredibly important for new moms. Their bodies have just survived a major ordeal, their breasts are sore and leaking, and nothing seems to fit quite right. A classic set of soft pajamas ($68, J.Crew) from the likes of J. Crew could make all the difference (bonus points if they can pass for "real" clothes in case of a quick diaper run).
7 A Yoga Class Giphy If she's not quite ready to go back to the gym but still wants to get moving, a gift card for a local yoga class (or even a series of classes) could be just the inspiration she needs — and yoga can help with all those new mom aches and pains, too.
8 A Big Sibling Sleepover Giphy For moms with new babies who already have a little one (or little ones) at home, taking the older kids for a night — or just a few hours — can be the best gift ever. Not only will it give mom a break and some uninterrupted time to bond with the baby, it'll make the big kids feel special during a time when they might need a little extra attention.
9 An Audiobook Subscription Giphy Frequent feedings mean new moms spend a lot of time with their hands full and their minds unoccupied. Even if she can't hold a book, though, she can still listen to one on headphones (which can be a nice break from zoning out to Netflix). A gift membership to Audible, for example, will give her three to 12 months of free, unlimited reading/listening (from $45 to $150).
Karlie Kloss' latest campaign for Carolina Herrera's new fragrance has been creating the wrong kind of buzz.
An Instagram post from House of Herrera showing a sultry Kloss squirting the bottle, shaped like a black lacquered stiletto, sparked numerous posts that it looks more like a sex toy.
Comments included, “Legit thought this was a dildo,” “That is a vibrator not perfume” and “Like who approved this design?”
The post has since been removed by staff at the buttoned-up fashion house.
HONG KONG: Asian equities bounced back Thursday (May 31) from the previous day's mauling while the euro held on to a recovery as fears of turmoil in Italy were soothed by conciliatory noises from the country's two biggest populist parties.
The head of the anti-establishment Five-Star Movement said he was prepared to offer a compromise candidate for the finance ministry after President Sergio Mattarella's decision to veto an avowed eurosceptic led to the collapse of the fledgling coalition government.
Advertisement
Later, the rightwing League's leader was said to be willing to discuss the issue.
Wednesday's news provided relief to global markets that were sent spinning by the crisis in Italy - the eurozone's third biggest economy - which many feared could lead to fresh elections that could essentially become a referendum on euro membership.
US and European markets rallied while the euro, which was wallowing around 10-month lows against the dollar, surged, helped by a surprise surge in German inflation.
"What a difference a day makes," said Greg McKenna, chief markets strategist at AxiTrader. "My hypothesis that the players ... got the shock of their lives from the market's reaction to their posturing and the turmoil that ensued has proved correct."
Advertisement
Advertisement
"Italy may not be headed for a summer election. And that means the EU may not face a referendum on its future. Phew, storm in a teacup, nothing to see here, move along, please. At least that's the take markets appear to go with last night."
The gains continued in Asia, with Tokyo ending the morning session 0.4 per cent higher, while Sydney added 0.5 per cent, Singapore climbed 0.7 per cent and Seoul put on 0.5 per cent.
Hong Kong added 0.5 per cent and Shanghai gained 0.8 per cent, supported by data indicating a bigger-than-expected rise in Chinese factory activity in April. Wellington, Taipei, Manila, Kuala Lumpur and Jakarta were also comfortably higher.
VOLATILITY WARNING
sentifi.com Channel NewsAsia - Sentifi topic widget
Oil prices were down slightly but holding up after they also rallied Wednesday in response to a report that said OPEC would likely lift output gradually, soothing concerns about a new supply glut.
Crude markets have been hammered since OPEC kingpin Saudi Arabia and Russia last week indicated they could lift a cap on production, which has supported prices for two years, as an oversupply crisis eases.
Investors are now looking forward to the release Friday of key US jobs figures, which could provide some idea about the Federal Reserve's plans for raising interest rates.
Payrolls firm ADP estimated US private sector job growth at 178,000 in May, down from 204,000 in April and slightly below analysts' expectations.
However, while sentiment is positive, analysts warned that ongoing geopolitical issues and the unresolved China-US trade row continue to dog trading floors.
"We are going to be filled with tremendous uncertainty over the course of the summer," David Ader, chief macro strategist at Informa Financial Intelligence, told Bloomberg Television.
"If you look at things like the various economic surprise indices out there they have been slowing down, but on the other hand you still have a Fed hike coming in June. I see a lot of uncertainty, which results in a lot of volatility."
Key figures around 0300 GMT (11am Singapore time)
Tokyo - Nikkei 225: UP 0.4 per cent at 22,112.22 (break)
Hong Kong - Hang Seng: UP 0.5 per cent at 30,213.25
Shanghai - Composite: UP 0.8 per cent at 3,065.35
Euro/dollar: DOWN at US$1.1658 from US$1.1664 at 2100 GMT
Pound/dollar: UP at US$1.3293 from US$1.3281
Dollar/yen: DOWN at 108.60 yen from 108.91 yen
Oil - West Texas Intermediate: DOWN 32 cents at US$67.89 per barrel
Oil - Brent Crude: DOWN 40 cents at US$77.10 per barrel
Milan - FTSE MIB: UP 2.1 per cent at 21,797.82 (close)
New York - Dow Jones: UP 1.3 per cent at 24,667.78 (close)
London - FTSE 100: UP 0.7 per cent at 7,689.57 (close)
Former Liverpool player Dietmar Hamann believes his old side need more than just Virgil van Dijk to consistently challenge for titles.
The Reds broke the transfer record for a defender when they paid Southampton a reported fee of £75 million for Van Dijk at the beginning of January in an attempt to solve their long-standing issues at the back.
And although Hamann hailed the new signing, he feels a defensive midfielder is also necessary to provide stability.
“[The defence has] been an issue for a long time,” he told Omnisport.
“I think Van Dijk will improve them, I think he brings pace and a physical presence to the team but I think they lack a holding midfielder.
“I think they've lacked that holding midfielder for a while now so unless they bring in someone who really protects the back four, I think Van Dijk will improve them but not as much as I think they need to be improved to really challenge for titles on a consistent basis.”
Hamann made 283 appearances for Liverpool, most notably winning two FA Cups and the UEFA Champions League, but a holding player with the German's characteristics is perhaps absent from the current squad.
The options available to manager Jurgen Klopp include club captain Jordan Henderson and Emre Can, who is in the final six months of his contract and has been heavily linked with a switch to Juventus.
Hamman – who, like Can, spent his formative years in the Bundesliga before moving to the Premier League – does not see his compatriot as the answer, and feels Liverpool should not be overly concerned by the midfielder's contract situation.
He said: “I would like to see him at Liverpool still next season but at the same time Liverpool gave him the opportunity to play in a very good team and if he were to go, yes he'd be a loss in a way but I wouldn't be held to ransom by a player who has performed OK, because OK for Liverpool is not good enough.”
3/19/18- Huggy Lowdown's March Madness bracket may be broken but he's not alone as Donald Trump's bracket is slowly coming to an end. Rex Tillerson couldn't make the final four and the firing of FBI Director Andrew McCabe hours before he could receive his pension was another blow. But Huggy's not worried because Robert Mueller's got something up his sleeve.
READ MORE STORIES ON BLACKAMERICAWEB.COM:
'Celebrity Apprentice': White House Edition 16 photos Launch gallery 'Celebrity Apprentice': White House Edition 1. Sally Quillian Yates 1 of 16 2. Michael Flynn 2 of 16 3. Angella Reid 3 of 16 4. James Comey 4 of 16 5. Mike Dubke 5 of 16 6. Walter Shaub 6 of 16 7. Sean Spicer 7 of 16 8. Michael Short 8 of 16 9. Reince Priebus 9 of 16 10. Anthony Scaramucci 10 of 16 11. Steve Bannon 11 of 16 12. Sebastian Gorka 12 of 16 13. Tom Price 13 of 16 14. Dina Powell 14 of 16 15. Omarosa Manigault 15 of 16 16. Rex Tillerson 16 of 16 Skip ad Continue reading ‘Celebrity Apprentice': White House Edition 'Celebrity Apprentice': White House Edition Since the beginning of his presidency, Donald Trump has developed the habit of kicking people out of his administration when he feels like they've no longer served their purpose. Almost like his show Celebrity Apprentice. Take a look at all the people who've either left or got fired by President Trump.
GET THE HOTTEST STORIES STRAIGHT TO YOUR INBOX:
Long before the iPhone or even the Mac, Apple was a handful of people working in an industry that was only just beginning to take the idea of personal computing seriously. In the earliest days of those early days, Steves Wozniak and Jobs made their first device together: the Apple I. Few of these were sold, and fewer still survive — but the Living Computers museum in Seattle managed to get three. And one of them was Jobs' personal machine.
Paul Allen, the museum's founder and patron, has caused to be assembled quite an impressive collection of devices from Apple's history, many of which have been restored to working condition. The public will be able to tinker with a NeXT Cube as well as early Macs, but the pride and joy of the collection must be the Apple Is.
The new exhibit, which highlights the collaboration and competition between Apple and Microsoft over the years as the companies grew, is open today.
The Apple I, you may or may not remember, wasn't much of a hit. Only 200 were made — by hand — and it wasn't long before the company put its hopes in the Apple II, which would go on to be more popular by far. One of the Is, however, Jobs kept in his office as a demo machine for industry people.
When Jobs left in 1985 he left in a hurry, and this I was left behind on a shelf. Don Hutmacher, one of the company's first employees, grabbed it and it stayed in his possession until he passed away last year. His wife generously allowed the museum to take care of it, and you can imagine their gratitude.
The team had their suspicious, but a tag inside the metal chassis — and the fact that it had a chassis at all, since Apple Is came just as boards — suggested it was more than a rare Apple I; it was the rarest. It's signed “BF,” which would have been employee number one, Bill Fernandez. This was definitely, the team decided, Jobs' custom machine.
Because the Apple I didn't have a ROM, and Jobs didn't want to have to program it from scratch any time someone wanted to see it in action, he had a custom EPROM attached to it that initialized the computer with BASIC when it started up. Its RAM, the engineering team suspects, was also augmented so it didn't run out and crash during the demo.
The team at the museum read the contents of this EPROM and used it to set up a second, less historic Apple I. That one, which has had its power components modified to be a little less prone to catching fire or warping the circuit board, will now be available in this primed state for anyone to play with. Yes, anyone — the only operational Apple I on the planet right now, and your kid can type “butts” on it with fingers still greasy from the sandwich they got across the street.
Crunchbase Steve Jobs Bio Steve Jobs was the co-founder and CEO of [Apple]( http://www.crunchbase.com/company/apple ) and formerly [Pixar](/company/pixar). Steve Jobs was born in San Francisco, California to Joanne Simpson and a Syrian father. Paul and Clara Jobs of Mountain View, California then adopted him. In 1972, Jobs graduated from Homestead High School in Cupertino, California and enrolled in Reed College in Portland, … Full profile for Steve Jobs
That's the mission of the museum, though: the Apple I, along with dozens of other ancient computers, from Altairs to mainframes from the 60's, are deliberately there to be touched and, if not truly understood (few kids know BASIC these days), at least experienced.
Ahead of the exhibit's opening, a small reunion was held for a handful of people who had a hand in the early days of Apple, Microsoft, and the home computer industry. Steve Wosniak and Paul Allen met — for the first time, amazingly — and chatted over an Apple II. And it wasn't until someone took stock of the situation that they realized that the entire original team that built the Apple I in Steve Jobs' garage — minus the departed Steve — were together again for the first time in decades:
Apple 1 Team Retouched Apple Group with Labels V2-01 Paul Allen and Woz View Slideshow Previous Next Exit
The museum has also been working with the University of Washington to compile an oral history of this era of computing, and many of the people who figured in the creation of the Apple I.
Now that the exhibit is open, feel free to drop by the museum and touch a few pieces of computing history — though you may need to brush up on your BASIC.
Material scientists have predicted and built two new magnetic materials, atom-by-atom, using high-throughput computational models. The success marks a new era for the large-scale design of new magnetic materials at unprecedented speed.
Although magnets abound in everyday life, they are actually rarities — only about five percent of known inorganic compounds show even a hint of magnetism. And of those, just a few dozen are useful in real-world applications because of variability in properties such as effective temperature range and magnetic permanence.
The relative scarcity of these materials can make them expensive or difficult to obtain, leading many to search for new options given how important magnets are in applications ranging from motors to magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) machines. The traditional process involves little more than trial and error, as researchers produce different molecular structures in hopes of finding one with magnetic properties. Many high-performance magnets, however, are singular oddities among physical and chemical trends that defy intuition.
In a new study, materials scientists from Duke University provide a shortcut in this process. They show the capability to predict magnetism in new materials through computer models that can screen hundreds of thousands of candidates in short order. And, to prove it works, they've created two magnetic materials that have never been seen before.
The results appear April 14, 2017, in Science Advances.
“Predicting magnets is a heck of a job and their discovery is very rare,” said Stefano Curtarolo, professor of mechanical engineering and materials science and director of the Center for Materials Genomics at Duke. “Even with our screening process, it took years of work to synthesize our predictions. We hope others will use this approach to create magnets for use in a wide range of applications.”
The group focused on a family of materials called Heusler alloys — materials made with atoms from three different elements arranged in one of three distinct structures. Considering all the possible combinations and arrangements available using 55 elements, the researchers had 236,115 potential prototypes to choose from.
To narrow the list down, the researchers built each prototype atom-by-atom in a computational model. By calculating how the atoms would likely interact and the energy each structure would require, the list dwindled to 35,602 potentially stable compounds.
From there, the researchers conducted a more stringent test of stability. Generally speaking, materials stabilize into the arrangement requiring the least amount of energy to maintain. By checking each compound against other atomic arrangements and throwing out those that would be beat out by their competition, the list shrank to 248.
Of those 248, only 22 materials showed a calculated magnetic moment. The final cut dropped any materials with competing alternative structures too close for comfort, leaving a final 14 candidates to bring from theoretical model into the real world.
But as most things in a laboratory turn out, synthesizing new materials is easier said than done.
“It can take years to realize a way to create a new material in a lab,” said Corey Oses, a doctoral student in Curtarolo's laboratory and second author on the paper. “There can be all types of constraints or special conditions that are required for a material to stabilize. But choosing from 14 is a lot better than 200,000.”
For the synthesis, Curtarolo and Oses turned to Stefano Sanvito, professor of physics at Trinity College in Dublin, Ireland. After years of attempting to create four of the materials, Sanvito succeeded with two.
Both were, as predicted, magnetic.
The first newly minted magnetic material was made of cobalt, magnesium and titanium (Co2MnTi). By comparing the measured properties of similarly structured magnets, the researchers were able to predict the new magnet's properties with a high degree of accuracy. Of particular note, they predicted the temperature at which the new material lost its magnetism to be 940 K (1232 degrees Fahrenheit). In testing, the actual “Curie temperature” turned out to be 938 K (1228 degrees Fahrenheit) — an exceptionally high number. This, along with its lack of rare earth elements, makes it potentially useful in many commercial applications.
“Many high-performance permanent magnets contain rare earth elements,” said Oses. “And rare earth materials can be expensive and difficult to acquire, particularly those that can only be found in Africa and China. The search for magnets free of rare-earth materials is critical, especially as the world seems to be shying away from globalization.”
The second material was a mixture of manganese, platinum and palladium (Mn2PtPd), which turned out to be an antiferromagnet, meaning that its electrons are evenly divided in their alignments. This leads the material to have no internal magnetic moment of its own, but makes its electrons responsive to external magnetic fields.
While this property doesn't have many applications outside of magnetic field sensing, hard drives and Random Access Memory (RAM), these types of magnets are extremely difficult to predict. Nevertheless, the group's calculations for its various properties remained spot on.
“It doesn't really matter if either of these new magnets proves useful in the future,” said Curtarolo. “The ability to rapidly predict their existence is a major coup and will be invaluable to materials scientists moving forward.”
Advertisement
Two things now grow around the rusting carcasses of the last blast furnaces in this French steel town: weeds, and votes for populist Marine Le Pen.
For months, labor leader Walter Broccoli fought to keep the fires burning, fearing that failure could drive enraged workers into the arms of Le Pen and her virulently nationalistic politics. He never imagined his own son would become part of the stampede.
He says they've not spoken in the three years since he discovered to his horror from their local newspaper that David Broccoli was registered as a candidate in municipal elections for Le Pen's anti-European Union, anti-immigration National Front.
“I said to myself, ‘Impossible! What's happened to him?' I called him up. We argued. He told me, ‘That's the way it is' and hung up on me,” Walter Broccoli says. “I've had nightmares where I saw him dressed in an SS uniform, all in black, with a cap. I took it very hard. It shocked me: my son, in the National Front? Impossible. Unbearable.”
Yet the National Front is now an inescapable part of the landscape in France's industrial eastern rustbelt and its once left-leaning towns. Le Pen is projected to win millions of votes Sunday in the first round of France's two-stage presidential election, likely catapulting her to within one step of an electoral earthquake that would shake France and the EU to its core.
Disgruntled working-class voters will cast ballots for the anti-establishment Le Pen not solely out of conviction but also in protest. She is their nuclear option, their way to flip the bird at the French political mainstream they feel has betrayed and abandoned them.
steelworker Pascal Grimmer doesn't share Le Pen's politics; he doesn't, like her, want a “Frexit” to take France out of the EU or to ditch its shared euro currency. But she will get his vote because he's “angry with politicians, filled with rage,” and “she is the candidate who most scares the others,” Grimmer says.
He hopes that an electro-shock-high score for Le Pen — not quite enough to install her in the presidential Elysee Palace but an uncomfortably close shave — will jolt more mainstream politicians “to use their brains to ask themselves, ‘What do people want?'”
“You reap what you sow. And our politicians have treated the French people like idiots,” he says. “Politicians don't fulfill their promises. They lie as easily as they breathe.”
Last time, Grimmer voted Francois Hollande, the Socialist whose presidency, now in its final weeks, lasted just one term, sunk by his unpopularity.
Grimmer was impressed when Hollande came stumping during the 2012 campaign for working-class votes at the ArcelorMittal steel plant where he works. Labor leaders were in the thick of their battle to save Hayange's furnaces, the last in eastern France still serving the steel industry.
Incongruous in his suit and tie, Hollande clambered onto the roof of a van with union leaders, took a microphone and promised to push for a law to help save plants facing closure. The crowd, which included Grimmer, cheered. In a seemingly trivial detail, but one which workers subsequently wouldn't let him forget, Hollande even shared a spicy barbecued ‘merguez' sausage with them.
“I said to myself, ‘Oh, I like this guy.' Naively, I believed him,” Grimmer recalls. “I was completely hoodwinked.”
Grimmer and others felt betrayed when the furnaces were extinguished in 2013, as part of a deal the Socialist government struck with steel magnate Lakshmi Mittal seven months after Hollande's election. Hollande beat conservative Nicolas Sarkozy, another one-term president under whom ArcelorMittal also closed a plant in nearby Gandrange.
The deal included jobs elsewhere or retirement for furnace workers. ArcelorMittal also promised to invest 180 million euros ($190 million at today's rates) in other sectors of the giant steel works, which still produce high-grade metals for automakers and other clients and sprawl across three towns, including Hayange, in the Fensch valley.
Workers had hoped for more. The mothballing of the furnaces that used to turn the skies incandescent red, dust soot over the valley's towns and draw laborers from across Europe and North Africa hit hard. In a final show of defiance, Grimmer, Broccoli and other members of their Workers' Force union unveiled a plaque of protest in Hayange when the scorching fires which had melted ores into metal went cold.
Advertisement
“SELLOUT,” the plaque read. “Here lie the promises of change that F. HOLLANDE made to workers and their families.”
Still bitter, Grimmer says: “Politicians are forcing me to vote Le Pen. That's why I'm doing this. Not with a happy heart but because I'm forced to. And increasing numbers of French people are starting to think this way.”
And if Le Pen wins?
“So be it. They will have to live with that,” he says.
Broccoli says he warned Socialist officials that extinguishing the furnaces would be “electoral suicide.” Sure enough, the year after they were put out, Hayange voted in a National Front mayor in 2014 — one of just a handful of towns in France to do so.
“It really hurts me to see workers turning toward fascism, the extreme right,” Broccoli says. “They are so angry that they are prepared to vote National Front, to destroy everything. They have nothing left to lose.”
Broccoli's son, a computer technician, doesn't work in the steel industry. Still, the father assumes his son felt “abandoned by the government” after losing a job in the wake of the 2008 financial crisis, leaving him unable to pay rent. He says the son moved in with his mother, also a National Front supporter. The parents are separated.
“I feel as though he's been stolen from me,” Walter Broccoli says. “All these people — like his mother, his stepfather — they weren't like this 15 or 20 years ago. It happened gradually.”
David Broccoli didn't respond to calls and a text message from The Associated Press. Herve Hoff, who stood with him as a National Front candidate in 2014, says David Broccoli and his mother “adopted our ideas because they felt that the left had betrayed them. Simple as that.”
Hoff, a restaurateur, is now seeking election to parliament. He proudly showed the AP his letter from the National Front investing him as its candidate in the Fensch valley in June legislative elections. Saying Le Pen appeals to “forgotten people,” he drew parallels with Donald Trump's election to the White House, won with strong support from disgruntled workers in coal country.
“We'll have the same phenomenon. Deepest France, rural France, will lift up Marine Le Pen and you'll see villages where she'll get crazy scores,” he says.
Michel Liebgott, the valley's current lawmaker, a Socialist, handily beat a National Front opponent last time. This time, he's not so confident. If he decides against running again, he says the National Front could win the seat.
Liebgott, who was born in the valley and remembers Hayange as its jewel, a bustling steel town, says the region is dividing between haves and have-nots. Many of the better-off work across the nearby border with Luxembourg, braving gnarled traffic on the highway to Luxembourg City for higher wages in its services economy. An estimated 90,000 such jobs have helped fill voids left by decades of steel plant and mine closures in France.
“The poor are here. The others have gone elsewhere,” Liebgott says.
With the benefit of hindsight, the lawmaker says Hollande's campaign stop in the valley in 2012 “was bloody stupid.” It gave steelworkers false hope that the furnaces, which had long been earmarked for closure, could be saved.
Now firmly ensconced in Hayange, where the eyesore furnaces dominate the skyline, National Front Mayor Fabien Engelmann says he did not propose saving them because that would have been “impossible.”
“I didn't lie to my voters. I offered them a coherent program: security, cleanliness, lower taxes, reduced debts, road building, work on schools — things a mayor can do,” he says smugly.
The unemployment rate in Hayange is 14 percent, the mayor says — above the already high national average of 10 percent.
Jean-Paul Holtz sees the decaying cathedrals of once-belching pipes and chimneys from his windows. The drum player in Hayange's brass band spent all his working life in steel plants, starting as a 14-year-old apprentice. Now 66 and retired, he wishes the furnaces could be torn down because “it makes me sick to the stomach to see them like that.”
Holtz plans to vote for far-left presidential candidate Jean-Luc Melenchon, who is making a late surge in polls.
“People came to set up industries, money was made, people were provided with jobs. But it's over, finished,” Holtz says. “We have to move on. Will we move on? When? I don't know. It drags on and on and on, rusting away.”
Japan captain Makoto Hasebe has announced his retirement from the national team, on the heels of the squad's heartbreaking ejection from the World Cup in a match against Belgium.
“I have decided to end the chapter of my career with the national team with this tournament,” Hasebe wrote on his Instagram account.
The 34-year-old defensive midfielder's departure from the Blue Samurai could mean a changing of the guard for the team, with former AC Milan striker Keisuke Honda, 32, also saying he plans to retire from the national squad.
Hasebe, who won the German Cup with Eintracht Frankfurt last season, has been on the national team for more than 12 years under five coaches.
This year's World Cup is his third, after South Africa in 2010 and Brazil in 2014, and saw his team come heartstoppingly close to the quarterfinals before crashing out against Belgium.
Japan were ousted after Belgium came from behind to win 3-2 in their first match in the knock-out round.
The team will head next to the Asian Cup in the United Arab Emirates early next year, and may also be looking for a new coach.
Akira Nishino, who took over months before the World Cup after the controversial firing of his predecessor Vahid Halilhodzic, has been tightlipped on his future plans despite reports he could be replaced.
SINGAPORE: The new passenger terminal at Seletar Airport which costs S$80 million will be operational by the end of 2018, said Changi Airport Group (CAG).
The two-storey, 10,000 sq m terminal can handle 700,000 passenger movements a year - about 26 times more than the number of passengers it saw in 2016, according to CAG.
Advertisement
The departure area will house four check-in counters, six immigration lanes, two security screening stations and a gate holdroom that can accommodate 200 passengers.
“This new terminal will provide Seletar Airport with the capacity it needs to handle the upcoming growth in aviation activities in the years ahead,” said Mr Khoh Su Lim, Deputy General Manager of the airport.
“It's going to provide our passengers with a more efficient process flow for both scheduled and non-scheduled passengers."
Advertisement
Advertisement
Managed by CAG, the terminal will also have three aircraft parking stands next to it.
That will increase the efficiency and convenience of boarding the planes, the management team said.
A private area, known as the Seletar Business Aviation Centre, will also be set up for those travelling on chartered business flights and private jets.
But the terminal will not have any retail outlets, except for one food & beverage stall.
Malaysian carrier Firefly will shift its operations from Changi Airport to Seletar when the terminal opens.
It will continue running its 20 daily turboprop flights – to and from Subang, Ipoh and Kuantan.
Changi Airport Group said relocating these “smaller and slower aircraft operations” to Seletar would help “optimise the use of resources to meet growing capacity demands” at Changi.
Observers say that this move would benefit certain segments of the market.
“Some consumers who fly between Singapore and Kuala Lumpur will benefit as they might appreciate the convenience of a very small airport that's easy to go through,” said Mr Brendan Sobie, Chief Analyst at CAPA Centre for Aviation.
Another plus for consumers is that fares could go down if more players enter the market.
“We expect competition on the route, which hasn't been possible until the opening of this airport. Malindo Air may now be able to compete with Firefly on the market - which should drive down the fares, which are relatively high between Changi and Subang. What that will do is potentially stimulate initial demand,” added Mr Sobie.
However, he also said that the new terminal may not move the needle on Singapore's passenger arrivals. Its capacity is about 1 per cent the size of Changi Airport's 62 million passenger arrivals last year.
The upgrade marks the latest step in the redevelopment of Seletar Airport which started in 2008.
Since then, the airport has undergone several enhancements, such as the lengthening of its runway and the construction of a new control tower and fire station.
UNION GROVE, Wis. (AP) — Three men were shot at point-blank range during an auto racing event in southeastern Wisconsin, but no suspects have been arrested in the killings, a sheriff said.
Kenosha County Sheriff David Beth said authorities responded to the Great Lakes Dragaway in Union Grove around 7 p.m. Sunday after receiving reports that shots had been fired.
A man shot the three at point-blank range near a food vendor, Beth said at a news conference Sunday night. No suspects have been arrested and no one else was injured.
“They have no idea what happened, what caused this,” the sheriff said after getting a statement from friends of the victims.
Two of the men died at the scene and the third died while being transported to a hospital. Beth said at least two of the men were from Aurora, Illinois.
The sheriff encouraged any witnesses to the shooting to contact his department.
“A lot of people may not have wanted to come up and talk to the sheriff's department initially because maybe they were afraid someone was going to see them,” Beth said. “So what I'm hoping happens is someone who knows what's going on or saw what happened will call us, give us more information and help us catch the individual who did this.”
The sheriff's office estimated that more than 5,000 people were at the raceway for an event known as “Larry's Fun Fest.” The track's website shows the event included drag racing, tailgating, live entertainment and a car show.
Union Grove is about 25 miles (40 kilometers) south of Milwaukee.
Beginning today, Sony Pictures Animation and Amazon's Alexa will tell your little monster bedtime stories voiced by the cast of Hotel Transylvania 3: Summer Vacation.
Hotel Transylvania 3: Summer Vacation opens on July 13th.
SONY PICTURES ANIMATION AND AMAZON ALEXA TELL BEDTIME STORIES VOICED BY THE CAST OF HOTEL TRANSYLVANIA 3: SUMMER VACATION
Actors from the popular film franchise read bedtime stories exclusively for Alexa customers with new Hotel Transylvania skill
CULVER CITY, Calif., July 2, 2018 – Beginning today, Alexa customers and their families can enjoy summer bedtime stories voiced by their favorite Hotel Transylvania actors including Andy Samberg (Johnny), Steve Buscemi (Wayne the werewolf), Keegan-Michael Key (Murray the mummy), Fran Drescher (Eunice), and Asher Blinkoff (Dennis).
A new story, nursery rhyme, or joke read by the popular cast will be available every day through Hotel Transylvania 3: Summer Vacation's nationwide release on July 13. Customers can access this new skill by simply saying, “Alexa, open Hotel Transylvania.”
In addition to bedtime stories, customers can also set up a custom Hotel Transylvania alarm for Alexa through the Amazon Alexa app.
Commenting on the announcement, Elias Plishner, Executive Vice President, Worldwide Digital Marketing, Sony Pictures Entertainment, said, “The Hotel Transylvania characters have won over young audiences and their families for years. We love to utilize new technologies like voice recognition to engage our young fans with the characters they love and spark their imaginations in unique ways. This Alexa skill will surprise, entertain, and enhance family time throughout the summer season.”
About Hotel Transylvania 3: SummerVacation
In Sony Pictures Animation's Hotel Transylvania 3: Summer Vacation, join our favorite monster family as they embark on a vacation on a luxury monster cruise ship so Drac can take a summer vacation from providing everyone else's vacation at the hotel. It's smooth sailing for Drac's Pack as the monsters indulge in all of the shipboard fun the cruise has to offer, from monster volleyball to exotic excursions, and catching up on their moon tans. But the dream vacation takes a dangerous turn when Mavis realizes Drac has fallen for the human captain of the ship, Ericka, who holds a mysterious secret that threatens them all. Directed by Genndy Tartakovsky and written by Genndy Tartakovsky and Michael McCullers, the film is produced by Michelle Murdocca.
Follow Us on Social:
https://www.facebook.com/HotelT/
https://www.instagram.com/hotelt/
https://twitter.com/hotelt
In Sony Pictures Animation's Hotel Transylvania 3: Summer Vacation, join our favorite monster family as they embark on a vacation on a luxury monster cruise ship so Drac can take a summer vacation from providing everyone else's vacation at the hotel. It's smooth sailing for Drac's Pack as the monsters indulge in all of the shipboard fun the cruise has to offer, from monster volleyball to exotic excursions, and catching up on their moon tans. But the dream vacation turns into a nightmare when Mavis realizes Drac has fallen for the mysterious captain of the ship, Ericka, who hides a dangerous secret that could destroy all of monsterkind.
Directed by: Genndy Tartakovsky
Written by: Genndy Tartakovsky and Michael McCullers
Produced by: Michelle Murdocca
Cast:
Adam Sandler (Dracula)
Andy Samberg (Johnny)
Selena Gomez (Mavis)
Kevin James (Frank)
David Spade (Griffin)
Steve Buscemi (Wayne)
Keegan-Michael Key (Murray)
Molly Shannon (Wanda)
Fran Drescher (Eunice)
Kathryn Hahn (Ericka)
Jim Gaffigan (Van Helsing)
Mel Brooks (Vlad)
Like this: Like Loading...
Related Coverage Grand Rapids Traffic Conditions
CALEDONIA TOWNSHIP, Mich. (WOOD) — Authorities are responding to a serious crash that's shut down a Kent County road.
The Kent County Sheriff's Department says the crash happened around 4 p.m. at Whitneyville Road and 68th Street in Caledonia Township.
Dispatchers say a truck and a car were involved in the crash. It's unclear how many people are injured, but Aero Med has been called to the scene.
>>Inside woodtv.com: Map of current traffic conditions
Dispatchers say that portion of Whitneyville Road is closed in both directions at this time. Drivers are encouraged to find an alternative route.
This is a developing story. Check back for updates on woodtv.com throughout the night.
Share this: Email
Print
Facebook
Twitter
Google
Pinterest
More
LinkedIn
Tumblr
Reddit
DAKAR/BAMENDA, Cameroon: Troops and attack helicopters opened fire on protesters at the height of separatist rallies in English-speaking areas of Cameroon over the weekend, killing and wounding people, witnesses and rights groups said.
The army dismissed the reports from sources in five towns as "completely false" and said helicopters had only been used for surveillance.
Any use of air attacks would mark a major escallation in a government crackdown on separatist protests that have been rumbling in Anglophone districts of the central African oil producer for almost a year.
Thousands took to the streets in towns across the Northwest and Southwest regions on Sunday, Oct. 1, calling for independence from the country's French-speaking majority.
Right groups said they started to collect reports on ensuing violence in the areas bordering Nigeria as the week progressed.
Eight people in the towns of Bamenda, Buea, Ndu, Tombel and Kumbo told Reuters that police and soldiers moved in to stop the protests and in some areas, low-flying attack helicopters fired tear gas and live rounds on the crowds.
Advertisement
Advertisement
Etienne Ndage, a 31-year-old journalist for Savannah Frontier Radio in the northwest tea-plantation town of Ndu said he saw helicopters firing at around 1 pm local time, killing two protesters as a 1,000-strong march gained momentum.
"They were firing like in a war film," he told Reuters.
Hilary Manjong, private secretary to a local Member of Parliament in Ndu, said witnesses had shared similar accounts with him.
Army spokesman Didier Badjeck dismissed the accounts. "Reports that the helicopters fired on protestors is completely false. The helicopters were only conducting surveillance," he said.
The government earlier this week said about 10 people had died on Sunday including five in a prison fire that may not have been linked to the protests.
The governor of Southwest region, Bernard Okalia Bilai, told the Cameroon Tribune newspaper in an article published on Tuesday that protesters had ambushed soldiers in Kumba, forcing them to open fire in self defence.
Amnesty International told Reuters on Thursday that more than 20 people were killed between Oct. 1 and 2.
"THE INNOCENT ONES"
Demonstrations began nearly a year ago when Anglophone lawyers and teachers protested against having to work in French, saying it showed the wider marginalisation of the English-speaking minority.
The protests gained support and have increasingly called for Cameroon's five million English speakers to get their own country.
The rallies also have become a lightning rod for opposition to President Paul Biya's 35-year rule.
Campaigners called more protests on Sunday, the anniversary of Anglophone Cameroon's independence from Britain.
In the southwest town of Tombel, a resident who spoke on condition of anonymity told Reuters that a military helicopter came so low over the town centre that the wind gusts threw a man off his motorbike.
First the helicopter fired teargas to disperse the crowd, then it opened fire, the resident said. "Normally they fire rubber bullets, but I could tell from the sound that these were real," they added.
Outside Buea, police on the ground and a helicopter opened fire on protestors who had run into the bush to bypass a military checkpoint, said Louis Anuchem, a 35-year-old taxi driver from Buea.
"The helicopter came close to the ground," he added. "We heard the gunshots and the bullets coming through the trees," he told Reuters.
After the demonstrations police went door-to-door in some towns, rounding up young men and women, residents said.
"Soldiers came to our neighbourhood and broke into homes and carried boys away," said Lanya Joel, a 21-year-old Kumba resident. "I am scared and will be away until it's all over."
Rights group the Southern Cameroon's Public Affairs Committee said in a report that a 12 year-old girl was shot by security forces from a helicopter in the town of Kumbo.
The Bamenda Provincial Episcopal Conference of Anglophone Christian Bishops said in a statement this week that is been disturbed by reports that "some of our Christians were ... arrested, some maimed, and some were simply shot to death, some from helicopters."
Helene Mekem said her son was shot dead by security forces outside his home in Kumba on Sunday, even though he was not involved in the protests.
"They are killing the innocent ones," she told Reuters.
(Writing by Emma Farge and Edward McAllister; Editing by Andrew Heavens)
Advertisement
Google on Monday agreed to pay a nearly $8 million fine and open its Android mobiles to competing search engines in Russia in an antitrust settlement reached after two years.
The deal with Russia's anti-monopoly service (FAS) came after Yandex, the country's biggest search engine, complained Google had an unfair advantage by pre-loading its search engine on Android phones.
“We are pleased to announce that we have now reached a commercial agreement with Yandex and a settlement with FAS that meets the interests of all parties,” said Google in a comment emailed to AFP.
For Android devices already in use in Russia, Google will work out a way for consumers to choose a default search engine after an update via a new widget that will be developed, the watchdog said.
Advertisement
The FAS in September 2015 considered Google in breach of a competition law after the complaint by Yandex of the competitive advantage for Google on Android phones.
In August 2016, FAS fined Google 438 million rubles (over $7.8 million) which was part of the settlement reached on Monday.
The arbitration court in Moscow approved the deal which lasts for six years and nine months, Russian news agencies said.
Yandex CEO Arkady Volozh called the settlement “an important day for Russian consumers” as “millions of Russian Android users will be offered a choice of search engines.”
The latest chapter in Quebec's language fight is now spelled-out on the side of an Uber driver's red van.
This past weekend, an Uber was spotted with ‘Bonjour-Hi' written in big white letters across the side.
READ MORE: Philippe Couillard asks Quebec anglos for empathy over ‘bonjour, hi'
Taxi driver Mouhcine El Meliani shared a video of the ‘Bonjour-Hi Uber' with Global News and had some harsh words for its unknown driver.
“For me, he is just a stupid guy,” said El Meliani, also the head of the Ligue des Taxis du Québec.
Last month, the National Assembly unanimously passed a motion inviting store clerks to say ‘Bonjour' instead of the biligual ‘Bonjour-Hi.” Anglophones have expressed outrage, and Premier Philippe Couillard has been forced to explain himself.
El Meliani thinks the Uber driver should respect the government motion.
“In my taxi, I always say bonjour,” he said.
In a statement, Uber spokesman Jean-Christophe De Le Rue said: “We do not endorse this isolated initiative.”
The Montreal Taxi Bureau said they were not comfortable with the initiative and are studying their different options.
READ MORE: Uber says it will continue to operate in Quebec for now
PQ leader Jean-Francois Lisée isn't surprised by the Uber driver's gesture.
“In Montreal, in Quebec, there is a common language which is French,” he told Global News. “There are people who disagree with that and won't go along with that.”
Uber would not say whether or not they had asked the driver to take the message down.
MEXICO CITY (Reuters) - Mexico's president-elect Andres Manuel Lopez Obrador will meet with business leaders on Wednesday, as the leftist seeks to ease private sector worries after an election campaign in which he accused some tycoons of belonging to a "mafia of power."
Lopez Obrador is meeting the powerful CCE business lobby, which in March urged him to stop questioning major planks of the current government's economic agenda, such as a new $13 billion airport for Mexico City. The leftist slammed corporate defenders of the airport project as "corrupt."
Since winning a landslide in Sunday's presidential election, Lopez Obrador and his team have focused on soothing market fears, saying that he would not ramp up spending and would respect the Mexican central bank's independence.
Mexico's business community has in turn reached out to try to ease past tensions with the new leader.
German Larrea, chairman of miner Grupo Mexico, published a full-page message in a national newspaper congratulating Lopez Obrador and applauding his comments. In the campaign, he warned staff about voting for him.
Claudio X. Gonzalez, whose family owns part of Kimberly Clark de Mexico, said on Twitter he wished Lopez Obrador the best and asked him to be a unifying figure.
Former President Vicente Fox, who had a tense relationship with Lopez Obrador when he was mayor of Mexico City, also congratulated him.
Lopez Obrador criticized all three during the campaign.
Mexico's peso on Tuesday posted its biggest daily increase in over two years, boosted by a global emerging market rally, as well as pledges from Lopez Obrador to not increase spending.
Despite uncertainty about what policies he could put in place, foreign investors have given him the benefit of the doubt for now, eyeing the payout on Mexican bonds, which offer the highest rates of any investment grade country.
(Reporting by Christine Murray and Michael O'Boyle; Editing by Phil Berlowitz)
This story has not been edited by Firstpost staff and is generated by auto-feed.
related media assets (image or videos) available. Click to see the gallery.
3 related media assets (image or videos) available. Click to see the gallery.
U.S. President Donald Trump denounced white supremacists including neo-Nazis and the Ku Klux Klan on Monday, and said racism, hatred and bigotry had no place in America following a violent white-nationalist rally in Virginia.
CHARLOTTESVILLE, Va./WASHINGTON: U.S. President Donald Trump denounced neo-Nazis and the Ku Klux Klan as criminals and thugs on Monday, bowing to mounting political pressure to condemn such groups explicitly after a white-nationalist rally turned deadly in Virginia.
Trump had been assailed from across the political spectrum for failing to respond more forcefully to Saturday's violence in Charlottesville, in which a woman was killed when a man crashed his car into a group of counter-protesters.
Critics said Trump waited too long to address the bloodshed and slammed him for initially saying that "many sides" were involved, instead of singling out the white supremacists widely seen as sparking the melee.
"Racism is evil and those who cause violence in its name are criminals and thugs, including the KKK, neo-Nazis, white supremacists and other hate groups that are repugnant to everything we hold dear as Americans," the president said in a statement to reporters at the White House on Monday.
"We condemn in the strongest possible terms this egregious display of hatred, bigotry and violence," he said.
A 20-year-old man said to have harboured Nazi sympathies as a teenager was facing charges he ploughed his car into protesters opposing the white nationalists, killing Heather Heyer and injuring 19 people. The accused, James Alex Fields, was denied bail at an initial court hearing on Monday.
Advertisement
Advertisement
Trump said anyone who engaged in criminal behaviour during the rally would be held accountable. "Justice will be delivered," the Republican president said.
"I wish that he would have said those same words on Saturday," responded Democratic Senator Mark Warner of Virginia on MSNBC. "I'm disappointed it took him a couple of days."
Al Sharpton, one of the country's best known black civil rights activists, echoed that. "It took 48 hours ... It was clearly a statement based on the pressure that he had been given over the weekend," he said on MSNBC.
'WORDS OF COMFORT'
In a strong rebuke to Trump earlier on Monday, the chief executive of Merck & Co Inc , one of the world's largest pharmaceutical companies, resigned from a business panel led by the president. CEO Kenneth Frazier, who is black, said he was taking a stand against intolerance and extremism.
Trump hit back, making no reference to Frazier's reasons for quitting the panel and instead revisiting a longstanding gripe about expensive medicines. Frazier would now have more time to focus on lowering "ripoff" drug prices, Trump tweeted.
Several executives from top U.S. companies have previously stepped down from presidential advisory councils in protest at Trump policies.
In assailing the president for his earlier comments on the violence in Charlottesville, critics noted that right-wing extremists have been a loyal segment of Trump's political base. The anger over his initial response, expressed by Republicans as well as Democrats, added to a litany of problems for the president.
Opponents have attacked his inflammatory rhetoric toward North Korea and he is fuming with fellow Republicans in Congress over their failure to notch up any major legislative wins during his first six months in office.
The mother of the woman killed on Saturday welcomed Trump's latest comments. In a statement cited by NBC News, Susan Bro thanked Trump for what she called "those words of comfort and for denouncing those who promote violence and hatred."
Authorities said Heyer, 32, died after Fields' car slammed into a crowd of anti-racism activists, capping a day of street brawls between the two sides.
Fields appeared in a Charlottesville court on Monday by video link from the jail where he is being held on a second-degree murder charge, three counts of malicious wounding and a single count of leaving the scene of a fatal accident. His next court date was set for Aug. 25.
The U.S. Justice Department was pressing its own federal investigation of the incident as a hate crime.
Derek Weimer, a history teacher at Fields' high school in Kentucky, told Cincinnati television station WCPO-TV he recalled Fields harbouring "some very radical views on race" as a student and was "very infatuated with the Nazis, with Adolf Hitler."
A small group of people clashed outside the courthouse after the hearing, with two men blaming those who protested against the white nationalist rally for starting the trouble.
"The police department did not do anything to protect us," said Matthew Heimbach, one of the men. "Radical leftists are the ones that brought the violence."
A woman yelled "Nazis go home!" at Heimbach until police ushered her away. The Southern Poverty Law Center says Heimbach is considered the face of a new generation of white nationalists.
The weekend disturbances began when white nationalists converged to protest at against plans to remove a statue of Confederate General Robert E. Lee, the commander of rebel forces during the U.S. Civil War.
The violence prompted vigils and protests from Miami to Seattle on Sunday, including some targeting other Confederate statues. Such monuments have been flashpoints in the United States, viewed by many Americans as symbols of racism because of the Confederate defence of slavery in the Civil War.
(Reporting by Scott Malone in Charlottesville and Jeff Mason in Washington; Additional reporting by Susan Heavey, Timothy Ahmann and Mohammad Zargham in Washington, Bernie Woodall in Fort Lauderdale, Fla.; Writing by Frances Kerry and Daniel Wallis; Editing by Bill Rigby)
The ex-Hawaii employee who sent a false missile alert last month says he's devastated about causing panic, but he believed it was a real attack at the time.
The man in his 50s spoke to reporters Friday on the condition he not is identified because he fears for his safety after receiving threats.
He says the on-duty call he received on Jan. 13 didn't sound like a drill. However, state officials say other workers clearly heard the word "exercise" repeated several times.
He said it felt like he had been hit with a "body blow" when he realized it was just a drill and he has had difficulty eating and sleeping since.
The agency fired him.
Syfy's critically-acclaimed anthology series “Channel Zero” snares its prey in a web of psychological disparity, unnerving bouts of silence, and confounding cinematic angles in It's already refreshingly nightmarish follow-up second season “No-End House.”
Writer and producer Nick Antosca, known for “Hannibal” (2013), “The Forest” (2016), and “Channel Zero: Candle Cove” (2016), returns as executive producer, showrunner, and writer for this second installment inspired by Brian Russell's Creepypasta tale. Together, with director Steven Piet (“Uncle John”) and cinematic veterans Harley Peyton (“Twin Peaks”), and Don Mancini (“Hannibal,” creator of “Child's Play”), they constructed a show of increasingly unsettling experiences, questioning reality and turning the very mind against itself.
“No-End House” tells the story of a young woman named Margot Sleator (played by Amy Forsyth) who visits the No-End House, a bizarre, traveling house of horrors comprised of several rooms, each more increasingly disturbing than the last. And whoever is brave enough to make it to the last room… never comes back.
While the premise sounds utterly cliché, “No-End House” teaches its audience a lesson in underestimating storytelling. This season takes the most overused horror trope of all time—a haunted house— and gives it a much-needed transformation. Instead of the classic creeps, monsters, and demons to overcome in the same-old trigger-pulling, exorcism way of doing things, our characters must survive their way through their own cannibalistic memories with nothing but their own nightmares to guide them. In only two episodes, this season fantastically haunts its viewers into utter captivation, urging them to watch each episode, and ultimately the entire season, until its very end.
While episode one (“This Isn't Real”) gave a disappointingly underwhelming introduction into the world of the second anthology chapter, the following episode “Nice Neighborhood” more than proved itself and “No-End House” as one of the few exceptionally pleasing to behold piece of horror television this year — “AHS: Cult” leading the forefront.
Unlike most so-called horror programs, this anthology amuses itself with peeling back layers of psychological traumas through cinematic angles and sound (or lack thereof). The muted and still depiction of the No-End House cul-de-sac at the beginning scene in “This Isn't Real” immediately raised arm hair—subconsciously warning the audience that what they were getting into is not so easily predictable… or easily escapable. This show's chilling oddness and talent in using silence to haunt its viewers upholds “No-End House” as something promising.
Along with its prowess to unhinge, “No-End House” centers on intriguing and realistically flawed characters that push the show in sometimes frustrating, yet frighteningly raw ways. The character dynamics between the Margot, who is still grieving over the sudden death of her father, and her very-flawed best friend Jules (Aisha Dee) is interesting to behold because the script fleshed out these characters so authentically well that their mannerisms, contrasting personalities, psychological scars, and even the wedge driven between their friendship is evident in how they interact—well embodied by both Forsyth and Dee. The other characters, namely Margot's father John Sleator (John Carroll Lynch), bring an air of tension and mystery to the storyline that compliments Margot and Jules' relationship in unpredictably satisfying ways.
Despite the psychological limp of a first episode, “Channel Zero: No-End House” episodes one and two breaks the mind's barrier as its own paranoia-inducing piece of horror that stands on its own pedestal in the dread department. It's not American Horror Story, but “No-End House” holds its own as a mind-altering, spine-tingling television show gift-wrapped with an air of mystery to its awaiting audience. Those who enjoy American Horror Story's unique imagery and finesse in screwing with minds will enjoy “Channel Zero: No-End House” for its breath-of-fresh air taste in storytelling and powerful, yet subtle imagery that will make a permanent home in the minds of those wanting to watch.
You can catch “Channel Zero: No-End House” on Syfy Wednesdays at 10/9 central.
With all the talk about the recent offensive explosion by the Toronto Rock, it's easy to overlook how good the team's defence is.
After a shaky first two games in which 30 goals were given up, the Rock have only conceded 38 during its recent four-game winning streak and it will try to minimize the Calgary Roughnecks' output on Saturday at the Air Canada Centre (7 p.m.).
Part of the reason for the turnaround is the addition of Sheldon Burns. The 26-year-old was acquired in December from the New England Black Wolves, where he played his first three seasons in the league, in exchange for longtime Rock forward Stephan Leblanc.
“He's what we thought he was, but even better,” Rock head coach Matt Sawyer said. “He's one of those guys where loose balls find him.”
“And he's 26 years old so his best lacrosse is ahead of him.”
Burns certainly didn't expect to be traded but is excited about the opportunity to be a part of the Rock organization.
“I was shocked, honestly. I didn't see it coming,” Burns said. “It's nice to be able to play in Toronto in front of a lot of family and friends and that support system.”
“It's pretty good when you can come to a team and that team is catching stride. You can see this team is gelling. They've welcomed me with open arms.”
The defence has looked good in all areas, getting to loose balls and cutting shooting lanes, with a very in-form Nick Rose doing his job when a shot does go through. The back end did a tremendous job in its 21-9 win over the Black Wolves last Saturday in holding the dangerous Shawn Evans to just three assists.
In addition, the team's transition has improved, giving forwards the extra time and space to operate. This has been a big part of the team's run of 83 goals during the winning streak.
“Not many teams can run with us when we get going,” Burns said. “We've got a lot of guys that can push the pace back there.”
“When you've got four to five guys running the floor, it's tough for the opposition to get off and get their right guys on the floor. And we've been lucky to put a few goals in as well off transition.”
Burns has been part of that goal-scoring barrage on the breakaway. The Whitby native scored nine goals in 2016 and 2017 while with New England. After arriving in Toronto, he scored on each of his first five shots. He finally failed to score with his second shot last Saturday.
“It was a good feeling. I definitely had the hot stick for a while,” he said.
The Roughnecks (1-5) are on a four-game losing streak, but despite losing 13-12 in its most recent game against the Saskatchewan Rush, they did outscore the visitors 8-2 in the second half. Dane Dobbie leads their offence with 23 points. Sawyer said he team won't take the Riggers for granted.
“They're a good team. They're definitely better than what their record suggests,” he said. “It's not a team we can take lightly and we'll be ready and prepared for them.”
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Exxon Mobil Corp:
* SAYS PLANS FIRST OIL FROM GUYANA LIZA OPERATIONS BY MARCH 2020
* SAYS PLANS TO DRILL 15 TO 20 3-MILE LATERAL WELLS IN NORTH DAKOTA‘S BAKKEN SHALE THIS YEAR
* SAYS SEES ETHYLENE DEMAND GROWING 5 MILLION/TONNES ANNUALLY Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Reporting By Ernest Scheyder)
The Lilongwe Principal Resident Magistrate Court yesterday (today) dismissed the extradition case against suspected Rwandan genocide convict …
Rwead more
Researchers at Ohio State University have surveyed previous studies to investigate the relationship between traumatic brain injuries and alcohol abuse. They found evidence that traumatic brain injuries in children and adolescents could be a risk-factor for alcohol abuse in later life.
When we think of the link between alcohol and traumatic brain injuries, we probably think of a person's increased risk of injury while drunk. Alcohol intoxication is indeed a significant risk factor for traumatic brain injuries, and one study has reported that alcohol use is involved in as many as 50% of emergency department admissions for traumatic brain injuries in the US.
Intriguingly, an animal study conducted by Zachary Weil, a researcher at Ohio State University, made him suspect that the converse might also be true, particularly in young people. “We recently reported that mice that experience a traumatic brain injury as juveniles drink significantly more alcohol as adults,” says Weil. “When we started to look at the human literature it became clear that alcohol and traumatic brain injuries were very connected. There were some hints that brain injuries might actually make someone more susceptible to alcohol abuse.”
Weil was inspired to look more closely at the past literature, and what he and his team found was recently published in Frontiers in Behavioral Neuroscience. The researchers found that it was difficult to tell if their hypothesis was true in adults. “So many adults that have brain injuries are already heavy drinkers and therefore it's really hard to tell for sure if a brain injury has affected their drinking,” explains Weil.
However, for people who suffer a traumatic brain injury in childhood or adolescence, there was a clearer link to alcohol abuse problems in later life. For example, children under 5 years of age who suffer a traumatic brain injury are over 3.6 times more likely to exhibit substance abuse as teenagers, compared with uninjured children.
So, why would a traumatic brain injury potentially lead to alcohol abuse? The team found evidence in the literature that brain injury can negatively affect factors that are associated with reducing alcohol abuse. For example, forming stable romantic relationships, getting involved in extracurricular activities and maintaining full-time employment are all associated with a reduced risk of substance abuse, but all are less likely in brain injury survivors.
Traumatic brain injuries can also make people more impulsive and less aware of the consequences of their actions, and there is also evidence that brain injury survivors may use alcohol to help deal with the negative consequences of their injury.
Beyond its psychological effects, traumatic brain injury can cause significant inflammation in the brain. Alcohol also generates neuroinflammation, and evidence from animal studies suggests that this inflammation might drive further drinking.
Finally, traumatic brain injuries can damage specific neurochemical systems in the brain that are vulnerable during childhood development, such as the dopaminergic system. A dysfunctional dopaminergic system is a risk factor for substance abuse, suggesting another potential link between childhood brain injury and alcohol abuse in adulthood.
So, how can we address the problem? “This is an important issue because drinking after brain injury is associated with health problems and poorer outcomes. Specifically targeting substance abuse problems in the brain-injured population could do a lot of good,” says Weil.
The researchers caution that the link between brain injuries and alcohol abuse has not yet been completely established and more work is needed. “This has not been completely confirmed in humans, but there is a lot of suggestive evidence,” explains Weil.
Rwanda's leading music duo, Platini Nemeye and Claude Mujyanama popularly known as Platini and TMC respectively, recently returned to school …
Rwead more
The Federal Government said it would continue to engage Saudi Arabian authorities in negotiations over the fate of Nigerians on death row for alleged drug trafficking in that country.
The Minister of Foreign Affairs, Geoffrey Onyeama, made this known while fielding questions from newsmen in Abuja on Friday.
The minister's reaction followed report that there were no fewer than 25 Nigerian drug suspects held in several prisons in Saudi Arabia.
The report indicated that 15 of the suspects were on death row, while three had been executed, leading to a call on Federal Government to intervene.
Onyeama, however, said necessary steps were being taken by Federal Government to engage Saudi Arabian authorities on the matter.
He said: “Regarding Nigerians on death row abroad, we have made very strong intercession over the issue with government of those countries to review the cases and not to execute them.
“However, you know that there is a limit because these are sovereign countries which have their rules and laws.
“But as far as the Saudi Arabia is concerned, we have been intervening at government level with authorities of that country.”
The minister added that government was working with some Non-Governmental Organisations on the matter.
2017 SEC SWIMMING & DIVING CHAMPIONSHIPS
Tuesday, February 14 – Saturday, February 18
Allan Jones Intercollegiate Aquatic Center, Knoxville, TN (Eastern Time Zone)
Prelims 10AM / Finals 6PM
Defending Champion: Florida men (4x), Texas A&M women (results)
Championship Central
Psych Sheet
Live results
Live Video (finals)
Florida junior Caeleb Dressel opened up the first night of the 2017 SEC Championships with a bang. The fastest man ever in the 50 and 100 yard freestyle events split 17.90 anchoring Florida's 200 medley relay to a first place finish on Tuesday night. That's just a hair off of the 17.86 Vlad Morozov split four years while swimming for USC at the 2013 NCAA's.
We've already gotten quite a few comments asking for video. Ask, and ye shall receive. You can watch Dressel's insane comeback in the video above. Florida is in lane two, second from the top.
As original reported by Lauren Nedeigh:
MEN'S 200 MEDLEY RELAY
Florida- 1:23.44 Alabama- 1:23.52 Texas A&M- 1:23.91
The Florida Gators were in 7th place before Caeleb Dressel dove into the water as their freestyle anchor. Swimming fans watched as Dressel tore through the water, making his way to the finish in an incredible 17.90 50 freestyle splits. At the touch, he had successfully brought the Gators back, as they won the race in 1:23.44 over Alabama (1:23.52). Bama freshman Zane Waddell threw down a fast split of his own, clocking an 18.59 free split to help the Crimson Tide earn silver.
The Texas A&M men also fielded an 18-mid anchor, as senior Cory Bolleter clocked an 18.62 to win a tight race for bronze ahead of Tennessee (1:24.08) and Missouri (1:24.11).
Cheeko is a very friendly 7-year-old male cat who loves to be brushed. He is neutered, negative for disease, vaccinated and microchipped.
His adoption fee is $15 to qualified applicants.
Visit Cheeko and the other animals available for adoption at the Stratford Animal Control, 225 Beacon Point Road.
Please consider making a tax deductible donation of limited ingredient pet food, kitten food, clumping cat litter or gift cards to pet supply stores.
For hours and more information visit stratfordanimalrescue.org/hours.html.
BRUNSWICK, GA (February 2, 2018) – The 2018 Lucas Oil Late Model Dirt Series season kicked off in grand fashion on Friday night of the RhinoAg Super Bowl of Racing – presented by General Tire. Defending series champion Josh Richards earned a hard-fought victory over 2017 Rookie-of-the Year, Hudson O'Neal.
Richards took the lead from Jonathan Davenport on lap five and then held off a furious late-race charge from the 15th-place starting O'Neal. O'Neal made what appeared to be a winning pass on Richards in turns three and four on the final lap, but Scott Bloomquist was sitting in the middle of turn four and brought out a caution, negating O'Neal's pass for the lead.
In the end, Richards was able to hold off O'Neal to score his twenty-third career LOLMDS victory. The driver of the Best Performance Motorsports car took the first event of the season over O'Neal, Davenport, Jimmy Owens, and Brandon Sheppard.
Richards and Davenport exchanged the lead three times in the first five laps of the 50-lap main event, with Richards forging ahead. Owens challenged Davenport for third, and finally got by him. Owens ran in second for several laps until O'Neal and Davenport got around him late in the race.
Richards breathed a sigh of relief in Lucas Oil Victory Lane, “I knew I was a sitting duck, I didn't pay attention to the scoreboard. I thought I was protecting the top from Davenport making the pass and here comes Hudson on the bottom. He got to the bottom of the burm in turn three and got by, but then the caution came out.”
“We were too tight to steer down off turn two. I thought I had lost the race. Fortunately, the caution came out and we were able to hold him [O'Neal] off on the last lap. It is a great way to start the season. We didn't run Gateway and Arizona like some of the guys did. We were getting ready for this. There really isn't an off-season anymore. If the race stays green, he [O'Neal] would have had us.”
While the 17-year-old O'Neal was denied his first career LOLMDS feature, he was happy with his close call. “I just wish we hadn't started so far back. We probably had the fastest car during the race. Yes, it was a desperate pass there on Josh on that final lap and then I saw the caution flag and said oh no. We can build on this. It is just a matter of time before we get that first Lucas Oil win.”
Davenport was looking for his fourth career win at Golden Isles, and felt he had a good run for his new race team, owned by Lance Landers. “This is a new engine combo that I haven't run before. It will take a little bit of time to get used to that. I didn't cut up my right rear tire enough. I was hoping some cars would run the top and help clean it off more. It was a great run for us and we will back tomorrow night after making some adjustments.”
Completing the top ten were Earl Pearson Jr., Tim McCreadie, Kyle Bronson, Mason Zeigler, and Don O'Neal.
Lucas Oil Late Model Dirt Series
Race Summary
Friday, February 2, 2018
RhinoAg Super Bowl of Racing – Presented by E3 Spark Plugs
Golden Isles Speedway – Waynesville, GA
Miller Welders Fast Time Group A: Jonathan Davenport / 16.070 seconds
Miller Welders Fast Time Group B: Josh Richards / 16.185 seconds
Eibach Springs Heat Race #1 Finish (10 Laps, Top 4 Transfer): Jonathan Davenport, Shane Clanton, Don O'Neal, Gregg Satterlee, Tim McCreadie, Shanon Buckingham, Billy Moyer, Jr., Jonathan Rowan, Carder Miller, Mike Benedum, Jason Jameson
FK Rod Ends Heat Race #2 Finish (10 Laps, Top 4 Transfer): Jimmy Owens, Kyle Bronson, Brandon Overton, Hudson O'Neal, Casey Roberts, Chase Junghans, Boom Briggs, Blake Spencer, Shane Tankersley, Brian Shirley-DNS
Simpson Performance Products Heat Race #3 Finish (10 Laps, Top 4 Transfer): Josh Richards, Earl Pearson, Jr., Darrell Lanigan, Morgan Bagley, Mason Zeigler, Timothy Culp, Ryan King, Jason Fitzgerald, Brian Connor, Donald McIntosh
QA1 Heat Race #4 Finish (10 Laps, Top 4 Transfer): Brent Larson, Scott Bloomquist, Brandon Sheppard, Bobby Pierce, Tyler Erb, Dennis Erb, Jr., Jeff Mathews, Coleby Frye, Craig Wolford, Steven Roberts
Penske Racing Shocks B-Main #1 Finish (12 Laps, Top 3 Transfer): Tim McCreadie, Casey Roberts, Shanon Buckingham, Billy Moyer, Jr., Jason Jameson, Chase Junghans, Boom Briggs, Jonathan Rowan, Mike Benedum, Blake Spencer, Carder Miller, Shane Tankersley, Brian Shirley-DNS
Fast Shafts B-Main #2 Finish (12 Laps, Top 3 Transfer): Mason Zeigler, Dennis Erb, Jr., Timothy Culp, Tyler Erb, Brian Connor, Jeff Mathews, Craig Wolford, Ryan King, Steven Roberts, Coleby Frye, Jason Fitzgerald-DNS, Donald McIntosh-DNS
Feature Finish (50 Laps):
FINISH START CAR # DRIVER NAME HOMETOWN EARNINGS 1 2 1R Josh Richards Shinnston, WV $10,100 2 15 71 Hudson O'Neal Martinsville, IN $5,500 3 1 49 Jonathan Davenport Blairsville, GA $3,600 4 3 20 Jimmy Owens Newport, TN $2,750 5 12 1s Brandon Sheppard New Berlin, IL $2,250 6 6 1 Earl Pearson, Jr. Jacksonville, FL $1,800 7 17 39 Tim McCreadie Watertown, NY $1,500 8 7 40B Kyle Bronson Brandon, FL $1,300 9 18 25Z Mason Zeigler Chalk Hill, PA $1,200 10 9 5 Don O'Neal Martinsville, IN $1,100 11 4 B1 Brent Larson Lake Elmo, MN $1,075 12 10 14 Darrell Lanigan Union, KY $1,050 13 20 28 Dennis Erb, Jr. Carpentersville, IL $1,025 14 21 50 Shanon Buckingham Morristown, TN $1,000 15 13 22 Gregg Satterlee Indiana, PA $950 16 23 99B Boom Briggs Bear Lake, PA $925 17 8 0 Scott Bloomquist Mooresburg, TN $900 18 16 32 Bobby Pierce Oakwood, IL $875 19 11 116 Brandon Overton Evans, GA $850 20 24 12J Jason Jameson Lawrenceburg, IN $825 21 14 14m Morgan Bagley Gladewater, TX $800 22 5 25 Shane Clanton Zebulon, GA $800 23 22 C8 Timothy Culp Prattsville, AR $800 24 19 101 Casey Roberts Toccoa, GA $800
Race Statistics
Entrants: 41
Lap Leaders: Josh Richards (Lap 1); Jonathan Davenport (Laps 2 – 4); Josh Richards (Laps 5 – 50)
Cautions: Casey Roberts (Lap 8); Jason Jameson (Lap 34); Bobby Pierce (Lap 34); Jason Jameson (Lap 38); Scott Bloomquist (Lap 49)
Lucas Oil Late Model Dirt Series Provisionals: Boom Briggs
Miller Welders Fast Time Provisionals: Jason Jameson
Lucas Oil Late Model Dirt Series Emergency Provisionals: N/A
Wrisco Feature Winner: Josh Richards
Optima Batteries Hard Charger of the Race: Hudson O'Neal (Started: 15th; Finished: 2nd; Advanced 13 Positions)
Midwest Sheet Metal Spoiler Challenge Point Leader: Josh Richards
Allstar Performance Power Move of the Race: Dennis Erb Jr.
Sunoco Race for Gas The Highest Finisher: Josh Richards
Hot Rod Processing Rookie of the Race: N/A
COMP Cams Engine Builder of the Race: Durham Racing Engines
Ohlins Shocks Chassis Builder of the Race: Rocket Chassis
Outerwears Crew Chief of the Race: Taylon Center (Hudson O'Neal)
Fastest Lap of the Race: Josh Richards (Lap #4 – 15.8044 seconds)
Most Laps Led: Josh Richards (32 Laps)
Dirty Girl Racewear Furthest Traveler: Brent Larson
PFC Brakes Pole Award: Josh Richards
Time of Race: 31 minutes 09 seconds
Lucas Oil Championship Point Standings:
POS CAR # DRIVER NAME HOMETOWN POINTS EARNINGS 1 1R Josh Richards Shinnston, WV 260 $10,100 2 71 Hudson O'Neal Martinsville, IN 230 $5,500 2 49 Jonathan Davenport Blairsville, GA 230 $3,600 4 20 Jimmy Owens Newport, TN 210 $2,750 5 1s Brandon Sheppard New Berlin, IL 205 $2,250 6 1 Earl Pearson, Jr. Jacksonville, FL 200 $1,800 7 39 Tim McCreadie Watertown, NY 195 $1,500 8 40B Kyle Bronson Brandon, FL 190 $1,300 9 25Z Mason Zeigler Chalk Hill, PA 185 $1,200 10 5 Don O'Neal Martinsville, IN 180 $1,100 11 B1 Brent Larson Lake Elmo, MN 175 $1,075 12 14 Darrell Lanigan Union, KY 170 $1,050 13 28 Dennis Erb, Jr. Carpentersville, IL 165 $1,025 14 50 Shanon Buckingham Morristown, TN 160 $1,000 15 22 Gregg Satterlee Indiana, PA 155 $950 16 99B Boom Briggs Bear Lake, PA 150 $925 17 0 Scott Bloomquist Mooresburg, TN 145 $900 18 32 Bobby Pierce Oakwood, IL 140 $875 19 116 Brandon Overton Evans, GA 135 $850 20 12J Jason Jameson Lawrenceburg, IN 130 $825 21 14m Morgan Bagley Gladewater, TX 125 $800 21 25 Shane Clanton Zebulon, GA 125 $800 21 C8 Timothy Culp Prattsville, AR 125 $800 21 101 Casey Roberts Toccoa, GA 125 $800
*Points are unofficial until Close of Business on the Tuesday following Race Day*
Seventeen years after the release of their self-titled debut album, local psychedelic country-rock band I See Hawks in L.A. are back with Live and Never Learn, the group's first album since 2013's Mystery Drug. It's been a tough five years for the quartet, too; two members — Rob Waller and Paul Lacques — lost parents, and many of the songs on the new record deal with that grief.
The band have chosen to premiere a couple of tracks with L.A. Weekly, and that's perfectly appropriate because both are Los Angeles–themed. "Last Man in Tujunga" is a breakup song set in the Southern California hills, while of "King of the Rosemead Boogie," Lacques says:
"This song explores the exotic nightlife in the seedy motel bars along Foothill Boulevard (Route 66) in the early 1990s with reimaginings and twisted lyrical and spiritual contributions by members of Old Californio. The guru appears in many guises. In this case, a gender-fluid semi-housed wino artiste headquartered at the corner of Rosemead and Foothill boulevards, where all of life's needs are met. Studied guitar with Shuggie Otis. You never know.”
In order to use Medscape, your browser must be set to accept cookies delivered by the Medscape site.
Medscape uses cookies to customize the site based on the information we collect at registration. The cookies contain no personally identifiable information and have no effect once you leave the Medscape site.
The official Venom poster is here. Sony is currently working on several Spider-Man spin-off movies that won't actually include the famed webslinger in them. Instead, these movies will center on other characters from Spidey's world, starting with the historically villainous Venom, as portrayed by Tom Hardy. Now, to go along with the reveal of the full-length Venom trailer, a new poster for the movie has arrived, featuring Tom Hardy working with the symbiote in harmony.
This poster is in many ways exactly what you might think it would be when you hear Tom Hardy is going to be playing Venom. The left half of the poster is his face as the character from the world of Marvel Comics and the other half is just Tom Hardy's as Eddie Brock. We can see a little bit of San Francisco in the background, since that's where at least part of the movie takes place and there's a bit logo for the movie at the bottom. That's about it.
It appears as though Sony is really selling this movie on star power and the popularity of the character. In addition to Tom Hardy, the movie stars Michelle Williams, Riz Ahmed, Jenny Slate and Woody Harrelson. Venom is a character that many have wanted to see done properly on the big screen for a very long time now. A version of the character did appear in Sam Raimi's Spider-Man 3, as portrayed by Topher Grace, but in the minds of many, the less said about that movie the better. While many hoped we would be seeing the monstrous and powerful character getting a chance to duke it out with Spidey, as is usually the case in the comics, this movie is taking inspiration from storylines where Venom is more of an anti-hero, which comes after years of being a straight-up villain.
Sony is leaning hard on the anti-hero angle, as both the new trailer and the caption for this new poster use the line, "embrace your inner anti-hero." They want to make it clear that Tom Hardy isn't playing a bad guy here. The previous teaser trailer that was released didn't actually feature any Venom in it, which puzzled fans. Now though, both the trailer and the poster show off the look of Venom, which appears to be pretty faithful. There are lots of teeth, he's big and he even has the long, kind of ridiculous tongue that seems to work much better in the pages of a comic book. At least for now.
Venom is directed by Ruben Fleischer (Zombieland) and is set for release on October 5. If this goes over well, expect to see other Spidey spin-offs such as Silver and Black, Nightwatch and possibly Morbius the Living Vampire. Sony isn't going to let their library of characters go to waste, but can these characters really work on their own without Spider-Man? We'll have to wait and see. Be sure to check out the brand-new poster, courtesy of the Venom Movie Twitter account, for yourself below.
SYDNEY: Residents got their first look Tuesday (Mar 20) at the devastation wrought by a bushfire that ravaged a town in Australia, but fears over asbestos and unstable structures mean even those with houses still standing cannot move back.
Sixty-nine homes were incinerated in Tathra on the south coast of New South Wales, and another 39 damaged, after a blaze fanned by gusty winds and hot, dry conditions swept through the picturesque seaside village on Sunday and Monday.
Another 30 caravans or cabins were also lost in the fire, which left scenes of burned-out cars, blackened trees and property reduced to rubble.
While some locals were able to return on a bus tour and see what was left, safety concerns over asbestos, fallen power lines, unstable structures and other hazards mean they must wait until at least Wednesday before being able to pick up the pieces.
"It's well known that asbestos dust, which arises after asbestos is burned, is very mobile and can get into the atmosphere," recovery coordinator Euan Ferguson told reporters, with testing under way to determine it was safe.
"It can get into the lungs and cause fatal diseases."
Advertisement
Advertisement
Asbestos cement or sheeting, a cheap and durable material, was widely used in the Australian building industry after World War II until the 1980s.
Hundreds of evacuated residents spent Monday night at a recovery centre at nearby Bega, under the care of charities and volunteers, as firefighters continued to tackle parts of the blaze.
"Overnight, crews have made good progress on the southern side of the fire, with containment on most of this part of the fire," the NSW Rural Fire Service said of the blaze that has burned out more than 1,000 hectares.
"Crews are continuing to focus on the northern side of the fire."
While the threat to homes had eased, authorities warned that "this may change quickly", depending on the weather. At least five schools remained closed.
"I totally feel for what they must be going through. They must just be in total limbo," a Tathra local identified only as John, whose house survived, told broadcaster ABC of his fellow residents.
But he said the town would "stick together and we'll rebuild and look after one another as we always have".
Some 40,000 hectares were also scorched in southwestern regions of neighbouring Victoria state as dozens of blazes swept through over the weekend, wiping out beef and dairy cattle.
Victorian Premier Daniel Andrews said the "unprecedented" force of the fires claimed at least 18 homes.
Despite the damage, authorities said there were no reports of serious injuries or deaths.
Experts said the infernos showed the bushfire season - which usually occurs in the summer months of December-February - was lengthening as climate change disrupts weather patterns.
F R Chowdhury
Corruption comes in different forms. Corruption for money and wealth is a pervasive one. In politics, another kind of corruption is prevalent – the lust for power. Initially, they would ask for more power so that they can execute development plans more efficiently. But it does not stop there. Then it is for staying in authority for a longer period. The love and lust for power take them to a stage that they think they are indispensable for the country. The country cannot prosper without them. Finally, they believe that the country would not survive without them. There is one word by which they can best be defined as – dictators.
Dictators belong to various categories. Some of them are absolute monarchs such as the king of Saudi Arabia. Some of them are military dictators as we had in Myanmar. But the most dangerous are the so-called democratically elected dictators. These dictators come into power through a democratically elected process but then try to perpetuate their rule. There will be elections, but the dictator will always be the winner. The first thing they will do is to control the freedom of expression by making sure that papers and journals do not publish anything that they would like to see released. They would gradually turn the police and civil service away from their independent and impartial role to that of their political line. They will have several security agencies to detect any deviation from their given guidelines. There will be extra-judicial killings in the name of cross-fire or gun-battle. In some cases, opposition leaders may be made to disappear without any trace quietly. They would even exert their influence over the judiciary and armed forces as much as they can. They would try to put most of the opposition politicians behind the bar on fabricated corruption or other charges. They will bring out political rallies but would not allow the same to opposition parties. They arrange for fake degree/ title/ awards from such international organizations and agencies that no one knows about and then make wide publicity of the same. They hate those who happen to get the real honor. Instead of making the important investment in agriculture or industry they would go for prestigious structures and monuments and name them after their names. The dictators are very fond of naming everything by their name to leave a legacy of their so-called achievements. They also try to groom their children as apparent future leaders. Finally, by publishing and publicizing false propaganda, they even try to alter history so that the younger generations may never know the truth. In this article, we shall discuss a few of them.
Robert Mugabe (Rhodesia): Ever since the independence of the country, he has been their president. He is now 95 years old. He cannot leave even if he wants to. This is because those in the administration have been so corrupt that they are afraid of any regime change. They would not allow Mugabe to retire.
Bashar Al-Assad (Syria): He came to power after the death of his father. He proved to be a ruthless dictator – far worse than his father. For last ten years, the country has been witnessing the worst civil war. About 10% of the population has already died. More than 30% of the remaining population have left the country and taken refuge in other nations. It does not matter to him. He is still sitting tight on his throne.
Hun Sen (Cambodia): The country has regular elections but there is always one winner, and that is Mr. Hun Sen. There is no freedom of expression or human rights. Political activities are not allowed. Hun Sen awards all contracts directly. Even the ship registry is operated by a foreign businessman from abroad.
Moussavi (Uganda): After the departure of Idi Amin the people of Uganda thought they buried their history. But it was not to be so. Idi Amin was a crude dictator, but Moussavi is a refined dictator in the shape of a democratically elected government. So much time he is alive Uganda is not likely to see any regime change.
Sheikh Hasina (Bangladesh): Her father Sheikh Mujib lost his life trying to establish one party rule in Bangladesh. Sheikh Hasina is much wiser and cleverer. She is trying to achieve the same tactfully. The country has multi-party democracy by name, but it is gagged and controlled. She now presides over a government that was never elected by popular votes. The party had won majority seats even before a single vote was cast.
Nursultan Nazarbayev (Kazakhstan): He has been the president since the country gained full independence in 1989. He and his three daughters are world famous for their corruption. The president built a new capital for the country. The country could afford it because of its oil and gas resources.
Kim Jong-Un (DPRK, North Korea): He is known as the Supreme Leader of DPRK. His late father remains the President of DPRK. Kim Jong is a real threat to world peace. He killed his uncle by putting him in front of the artillery gun and then firing the gun. He is also believed to be behind the mysterious killing of his brother in Malaysia. Despite all the sanctions against his country, he is testing bombs and missiles now and then. DPRK has said to have developed missiles to hit the USA with a nuclear weapon.
Emomali Rahmon (Tajikistan): Another dictator who continues as the president though constitution allows only two terms. The excuse is that his first term was under the previous constitution. He has added a lot of titles to his name, and the newscaster has to read all that every time his name to be broadcast.
Gurbanguly Berdimukhamedov (Turkmenistan): The most colorful dictator. He arranges for a music competition, car race and many other events which he always wins.
Alexander Lukashenko (Belarus): Perhaps the last dictator in European soil. He does not tolerate any dissent. He deals with all of them most ruthlessly.
Madura (Venezuela): He is determined to consolidate all powers so that he can run Venezuela the way he wants. Quite some people already lost lives protesting against the government. There is hardly anything functioning. Inflation is perhaps highest in the world. Stores are empty.
Erdoğan (Turkey): Those responsible for the coup attempt are to blame themselves for giving Erdoğan a chance to become a full dictator. Erdoğan was waiting for such an opportunity. He has put thousands behind bars. He is concentrating all powers to himself. Military bases have been opened in Somalia and Qatar.
There are several other dictators around the world, but I have mentioned just a few who became quite famous. One thing is common – they all think of themselves as indispensable as if the country would not survive without them.
London, 12-August-2017
Preserving peaceful relations in an era of rapid shifts in relative power is tough, says Martin Wolf from the Financial Times.
NEW YORK: In the past half century, humanity has made extraordinary progress. This is unquestionable.
This consists of more than higher incomes. It consists also of longer and better lives. We know this has happened. We also know why. But achievements bring new challenges. These are no exception.
Advertisement
In the early 1970s, the average woman produced just under five children. Many prophets of doom warned of unmanageable population explosion.
Today, the global fertility rate is down to 2.4. In China, it is well below replacement level. In Brazil, too, where the Catholic Church was deemed an overwhelming obstacle to birth control, it is also below replacement level.
Sub-Saharan Africa is the only big region where fertility rates remain high.
SMALLER FAMILIES, LONGER LIVES
Advertisement
Advertisement
Why are families so much smaller? It is partly because wealthier people want fewer and better-educated children.
But perhaps still more it is because their children survive. In 1960, 246 out of every 1,000 Indian children died before the age of five. By 2016, this was 43.
In Brazil, the child mortality rate has fallen from 171 in 1960 to 15 in 2016. Even in rich Japan, it has fallen from 40 in 1960 (today's world average) to three. We all love our children. So think what this transformation means to happiness.
Globally, life expectancy has jumped from 53 years in 1960 to 72 in 2016.
China's life expectancy is now 76, the same as Japan's in 1977. Brazil's is now the same as China's. India's is 69. Even Nigeria's life expectancy has risen from 37 in 1960 to 53.
Being very old may not be much fun. Yet few regrets a long life.
Switzerland has an ageing population with an average life expectancy of 83 years. (Photo: AFP/FABRICE COFFRINI)
EXTREME POVERTY
Then there is extreme poverty. That is currently measured by the World Bank as an income of below US$1.90 a day (at 2011 purchasing power parity).
This is what the late Hans Rosling, the Swedish doctor and statistician who founded the marvellous data animation website, Gapminder.org, views as the lowest of the four “levels” of current material existence.
In 1800, almost all people lived in such poverty. As recently as 1980, 42 per cent of humanity still lived at this level. By 2013, this was down to 11 per cent.
In China, the rate fell from 67 per cent in 1990 to 1 per cent in 2014. This progress is astounding. When I joined the World Bank in the early 1970s, such advances against extreme poverty seemed almost inconceivable.
MORE DIMENSIONS OF PROGRESS
Rosling's magnificent posthumous book, Factfulness, describes these and many other dimensions of progress. These include the spread of female education, improvements in the supply of clean water, the huge rise in the number of vaccinations and even the spread of democracy.
The book also helps us think more clearly about why we tend to be (wrongly) so pessimistic.
Another new book, Enlightenment Now by the experimental psychologist Steven Pinker, places the credit for these advances where it is due, in the best of the enlightenment project of reason, science and concern for human welfare.
An Afghan female student looks on during the graduation ceremony of the first-ever class of Gender and Women's studies master's programme in Kabul in 2017. (Photo: AFP/SHAH MARAI)
UNFINISHED BUSINESS
Progress always leaves much unfinished business. That is true on all the above dimensions. It also creates new challenges.
Managing mass urbanisation is one. Another is the ability of disease to spread more quickly than before. We still struggle to contain the fragility of our financial system. But the biggest risks are surely those of global conflict and environmental disaster.
IS THE WEST LOSING IT?
On the former, Kishore Mahbubani, a Singaporean expert on international relations, brings a compelling warning in his succinct new book, Has the West Lost It? His fundamental messages are, first, that the West won, second, that it is now losing, and, finally, that the West must adapt.
The West has won because everybody realises that science and technology work and a growing number of societies have learnt to harness it.
The West is losing, as a direct result of this lesson, because the domination by an eighth of the world's people is coming to an end.
The West must adapt because it has no sensible alternative. The lesson the West — above all, the US — must learn is, he insists, to interfere far less and co-operate far more. It cannot run the world. It needs to stop its arrogant and usually foolish interventionism. It is hard to disagree with this advice from such a well-informed friend of the West.
President Donald Trump's steel and aluminium tariffs sent shock waves across global markets for weeks. (Photo: AFP/Mandel Ngan)
READ:How the West should judge a rising China, a commentary.
MANAGING GLOBAL COMMONS
Preserving peaceful relations in an era of rapid shifts in relative power is a huge challenge. Yet so, too, is managing the global commons.
As humanity becomes richer, its impact on the global environment has hugely increased. The most potent indicator of this is the continuing rise in emissions of greenhouse gases.
But important problems also arise elsewhere, notably in the oceans, as a result of overfishing and destruction of habitats. Far too many people in rich countries think the answer is for the billions of poorer people to abandon hopes for a better life.
That is not just immoral: it is infeasible. Remember, not least, that the billion richest people consume more than half of all the fossil fuels we burn.
LESS UNEQUAL TODAY
The world is a far, far better place than it was. At the global level, it is even less unequal than it was four decades ago, because of the rapid rise in the average incomes of previously destitute countries.
But powerful countries in relative global decline resent their change in position. Countries that contain substantial populations in relative domestic decline are consumed by the politics of rage. Yet, if progress is to be sustained and the dangers are to be managed, peaceful co-operation is necessary.
The clever way for the West to achieve this, argues Mr Mahbubani, is to adhere to the multilateral rules and agreements they created (such as the Paris accord on climate) in order to encourage China to do the same. That is the opposite of what the US is now doing.
We have come far, and can come much further. But this will not happen automatically and may not happen at all.
Am I optimistic that the world will rise to the challenge? The answer is: No.
© 2018 The Financial Times Ltd. All rights reserved. Please do not copy and paste FT articles and redistribute by email or post to the web.
SINGAPORE: The inspection and care of trees in Singapore is in line with global standards, and in some areas exceed the best practices of the International Society of Arboriculture (ISA), the National Parks Board (NParks) said on Wednesday (Feb 15).
Group director Oh Cheow Seng said NParks takes an “adaptive approach” to tree management. More stringent inspections have been implemented over time in response to unpredictable and severe weather patterns, he said.
He was speaking at a media briefing held in the wake of two separate incidents where trees toppled, causing injuries and killing one person.
Last Saturday, a woman was killed and four others injured when a large, 270-year-old heritage tree toppled at the Singapore Botanic Gardens. Two days later, another woman was put in intensive care after a tree at Yuan Ching Road fell on her.
The Tembusu tree in the Gardens case - which stands at 40m tall with a girth of 6.5m - was last inspected in September 2016. Due to its heritage status, it receives two checks a year - more frequently than other trees in the Gardens.
NParks said it could not discuss the reasons for the tree toppling as police investigations were still ongoing.
But Mr Oh said: "Trees react to changes in environmental, site and soil conditions. Tree care can mitigate risks but healthy trees can be affected by strong wind gusts and rainfall.
"On top of mitigation, a preventive measure against poor weather is to plant the right tree species in the right place - for example some are not suitable to be planted in waterlogged areas. Another possible measure is to increase the drainage around an area which is prone to being waterlogged by rainfall," he added.
National Parks Board group director Oh Cheow Seng. (Photo: Justin Ong)
TREES INSPECTED REGULARLY: NPARKS
According to NParks, trees along expressways and major roads are inspected once every six to 12 months. Trees more than 4m in girth are also subject to yearly detailed second-level inspections.
This compares to ISA standards of an inspection every one to two years.
A second-level inspection can be of invasive nature and involve diagnostic equipment, versus a visual first-level check for defects and vitality.
A visual inspection process involves assessing the general condition, inspecting the root collar and roots, inspecting the trunk and inspecting the branches and crown.
Second-level checks employ a resistograph and tomography setup. The former sees a drill bit penetrate the wood to take readings, while the latter measures time taken for sound to travel though wood - the slower, the more decayed.
Tree care staff also undergo arborist certification exams within two to three years of service, said Mr Oh.
Other measures are taken to improve the general health of trees, such as routine mulching to supplement the regular fertilisers and pruning techniques to better their structure and balance.
Pruning is done for reasons such as tree health, vehicular height clearance and to control tree growth. Crown reduction for tall trees with dense crowns is necessary to improve its ability to withstand inclement weather, said Mr Oh. He added that pruning takes place prior to periods of more severe weather conditions such as squalls and monsoons.
One woman is dead following a fire in a five storey building on Villeray Street, near Christophe Colomb Avenue.
The four alarm fire started at around 12:15 p.m. in Montreal's east end Villeray-Saint-Michel-Park-Extension borough.
Quick knockdown and multiple rescues by Montreal firefighters. pic.twitter.com/foVZ8945d7 — Chris Ross (@chrisvpross) January 2, 2017
“When the firefighters went inside one apartment, they found the dead body of a woman,” said Daniel Lacoursière with Montreal police.
He explained that because the case involves a death, it has been transferred to Montreal police.
Investigators are on their way to the scene.
A commitment by key Libyan actors to hold elections in December faces multiple obstacles, including the lack of a legal framework for polls and escalating conflict in parts of the country.
TUNIS: A commitment by key Libyan actors to hold elections in December faces multiple obstacles, including the lack of a legal framework for polls and escalating conflict in parts of the country.
French President Emmanuel Macron called the agreement reached in Paris on Tuesday a historic step towards reunifying and stabilising Libya, which has been in turmoil since a NATO-backed revolt toppled Muammar Gaddafi in 2011.
Advertisement
Tripoli Prime Minister Fayez Seraj, eastern commander Khalifa Haftar and the leaders of two rival parliamentary assemblies endorsed - but did not sign - an eight-point statement that set the date for parliamentary and presidential elections on Dec. 10, with a commitment to establish the constitutional and legal basis by Sept. 16.
But the question of how such a basis will be set - whether by a vote on a constitutional draft, a new election law, or an adaptation of Libya's post-uprising constitutional declaration - was left open.
The issue is central because opponents of Haftar, the dominant figure in eastern Libya and a possible candidate for president, want to ensure that presidential and civilian powers over the military are clearly defined before polls are held.
Haftar's rivals suspect that, given the chance, he would return the country to authoritarian rule. They also blame him for destroying parts of Benghazi and displacing large numbers of residents in a three-year campaign for control of Libya's second-largest city.
Advertisement
Advertisement
Haftar says he is ridding Libya of Islamist extremists and is committed to the electoral process.
As the meeting in Paris took place, Haftar's Libyan National Army (LNA) pressed on with a campaign against Islamists and other opponents in the eastern city of Derna, where the United Nations says fighting is having a "devastating" impact.
Conflict has also flared in recent weeks in the southern city of Sabha, on the dividing line between two loose alliances that have supported rival political camps in Tripoli and the east since disputed elections in 2014.
There was no mention of the fighting in the Paris statement, though Seraj told reporters he had "appealed for an end to combat in all of Libya - enough blood has been spilt".
Analysts say the conflict and the several hundred thousand people displaced by it could skew the outcome of an election. Some Libyans have said the country is too divided to cope with a national vote.
Security is another challenge. Suicide attackers targeted the offices of the electoral commission in Tripoli in May, killing at least 12 people.
Libya has no national security forces to oversee polls, or effective national institutions that can settle legal challenges. There is no consensus over how to unify the security forces and other divided bodies including the central bank - a further goal set out in the Paris statement.
Suspicion is visible on both sides. Some west Libyan armed groups, including from the key military power base of Misrata, see France as too close to their rival Haftar and stated their opposition to the Paris talks before they began.
A senior LNA source stressed that Haftar had not put his signature to any deal. "Sitting does not mean agreeing, and no agreement was signed at the Paris meeting," he said.
More than 40 eastern members of parliament issued a statement supporting pledges referenced in the Paris declaration to move parliament to Benghazi and to encourage a military unification dialogue in Cairo, a process seen to favour the LNA.
"It's very easy to get Libyans to agree to something but when it comes down to hashing out the details that's when the squabbles tend to start," said Tarek Megirisi, a visiting fellow at the European Council on Foreign Relations.
(Additional reporting by Ayman al-Warfalli in Benghazi; Editing by Ulf Laessing and Robin Pomeroy)
Japan's SoftBank has made another acquisition to widen both its business strategy, and its portfolio of investments. Today the company announced that it would pay $3.3 billion in cash to acquire the Fortress Investment Group, an asset manager and investor in its own right, with significant holdings in Lyft, ZestFinance, Xapo, Jawbone and other tech companies.
This is SoftBank's second dalliance with Fortress, in a sense. Recently, SoftBank committed $100 billion to a new investment endeavor called the Vision Fund (which includes Apple as a $1 billion backer): the Vision Fund is run by Rajeev Misra, who joined from Fortress.
The news comes after reports of a possible acquisition emerged this week.
The deal introduces a new chapter into the ongoing story of Softbank's larger investment strategy — which changed under the leadership of Nikesh Arora to focus much more aggressively on investing in tech companies, but appeared to be changing tack again and slowing down investments after Arora's depature and SoftBank's big purchase of ARM in the UK for $24 billion.
SoftBank's CEO Masayoshi Son said that it would run the business independently, led by existing Fortress principles Pete Briger, Wes Edens and Randy Nardone, but that it would also be working “alongside” the Vision Fund.
“Fortress's excellent track record speaks for itself, and we look forward to benefitting from its leadership, broad-based expertise and world-class investment platform,” said Son in a statement. “For SoftBank, this opportunity will immediately help expand our group capabilities, and, alongside our soon-to-be-established SoftBank Vision Fund platform, will accelerate our SoftBank 2.0 transformation strategy of bold, disciplined investment and world class execution to drive sustainable long-term growth.”
“SoftBank is an extraordinary company that has thrived under the visionary leadership of Masayoshi Son,” said Fortress Co-Chairmen Pete Briger and Wes Edens in a statement. “We are very pleased to announce an agreement setting our business on a great path forward as part of SoftBank, while creating significant value for our shareholders. We join a company with tremendous scale and resources, and a culture completely aligned with our focus on performance, service and innovation. We anticipate substantial benefits for our investors and business as a whole, and we have never been more optimistic about our prospects going forward.”
LAHORE - Over a dozen suspects are rounded up in the Punjab-wide crackdown as counterterrorism department begins probe into the Monday's deadly blast in the heart of Lahore.
A senior official last night told The Nation that dozens of special teams comprising counter terror operatives and security officers have launched a major hunt as investigators were examining the evidences collected so far.
“Several terror suspects are being interrogated in connection with the gruesome bomb attack. Police also seized arms and ammunition during the security sweep,” the provincial government official said. “Most of the arrests were made during pre-dawn raids in different districts of the Punjab province.”
The raids began as counterterrorism police filed a criminal case under anti-terror laws against unidentified terrorists. According to the police report, at least four men were involved in Monday's bombing that killed thirteen people and wounded over 100 others.
“One of the terrorists managed to reach close the crowds while his three accomplices managed to escape as the suicide bomber blew himself up,” says the FIR registered with the Lahore CTD police. The FIR was registered on the complaint of a police officer under sections 302, 324, 427, 109, 120-B/ 34 of the PPC, and section 7 of the anti-terrorism act 1997.
Thirteen people including a 20-year-old lady died on the spot and more than 100 were admitted to hospitals soon after the blast, according to police. Seven police officers were also among the dead.
Authorities re-opened The Mall on Tuesday evening as the crime scene was washed. Police also removed damaged vehicles including DSNG van of a private TV channel from the crime scene yesterday.
Earlier in the day, several teams of forensic experts, police investigators, and intelligence operatives visited the site of the blast and collected evidences from there.
The officers were going through the CCTV footage of the incident. In the latest video clip, the young bomber could be seen going towards the target on foot along with another man. Police sources revealed that the handlers first identified the target – senior police officer – to the bomber who sneaked into the protesting crowd.
“Actually, the bomber targeted senior officers who were busy in negotiations with the representatives of protesters at a considerable distance from the crowd,” a police investigator said requesting anonymity.
On the other hand, security was put on high-alert throughout the province on Tuesday following the bomb attack on police. Deep grief and sadness blanketed entire Lahore in particular and the country in general. Dozens of victims were still under medical treatment at different public hospitals.
Separately, a joint team of investigators has begun probe into the gory incident as they have got some important clues. Security sources disclosed to this reporter that intelligence officials had picked up some key suspects during successful raids launched in various parts of the province.
The police also stepped up snap-checking at all the entry and exit points of the big cities across the Punjab province yesterday. Similarly, additional police were deployed at important and sensitive locations in Lahore. Hundreds of police carried out security sweep to hunt down suspected elements in various parts of the metropolis.
According to sources, the top police officers have called a special meeting to discuss and revamp the security plan in Lahore keeping in view the latest terror attack. The meeting will take place at a police facility on Wednesday.
The provincial home department yesterday directed the district administrations to ensure extreme vigilance with massive police deployment to thwart the nefarious designs of anti-Pakistan elements.
Also, special security sweep and combing operations would continue around important buildings and offices and particularly in Afghan settlements. The most sensitive areas/sites should be given proper security cover and snap-checking must be carried out especially in big cities of the province.
Bride-to-be and groom-to-be also died in Lahore blast
A 20-year-old lady and a 24-year-old man died in the Lahore blast barely one month before their wedding were scheduled separately. They were identified by police as Bilal Ahmed, a resident of Ravi Road and Fatima Jamshaid, a resident of Ferozwala. According to their relatives, they went to The Mall for shopping.
Fatima died just two weeks before her planned wedding while Bilal's marriage was scheduled for next month. The mother of Bilal has lost her mental balance since she witnessed the body of her only son.
In closing, defense calls Cosby accuser ‘pathological liar'
Bill Cosby's lawyers urged a jury Tuesday to acquit the 80-year-old comedian of sexual assault charges they said were based on “flimsy, silly, ridiculous evidence,” arguing he was falsely accused by a “pathological liar” scheming for a big payday.
The first big celebrity trial of the #MeToo era was nearly in the hands of a jury after the defense declared that Cosby himself was the victim of an elaborate frame-up.
Lawyers Tom Mesereau and Kathleen Bliss said in their closing argument that chief accuser Andrea Constand consented to a sexual encounter at Cosby's home in suburban Philadelphia, then leveled false accusations against the “Cosby Show” star so she could sue him and extract a big settlement.
“You're dealing with a pathological liar, members of the jury,” Cosby lawyer Tom Mesereau said. “You are.”
Prosecutors were to deliver their closing argument next. The jury was expected to get the case later in the day.
The former TV star was accompanied Tuesday for the first time in the trial by his wife of 54 years, who sat in the gallery as his lawyers pleaded with the jury to clear him. Camille Cosby had been absent from the courtroom as the prosecution built its case that Cosby maintained a sordid double life that involved preying on women sexually.
Constand, 45, alleges Cosby knocked her out with three pills he called “your friends” and molested her in January 2004. Her account was bolstered by the testimony of five other women who took the stand and said Cosby had drugged and assaulted them, too — including one woman who asked him through her tears, “You remember, don't you, Mr. Cosby?”
Cosby has said he gave Constand 1½ tablets of the over-the-counter cold and allergy medicine Benadryl to help her relax before what he called a consensual encounter. And the defense ripped into the other women, saying they were motivated by the prospect of money and fame to come forward in recent years with fabricated accounts.
Cosby is charged with three counts of aggravated indecent assault, each carrying up to 10 years in prison.
The jury at Cosby's first trial weighed the evidence for more than 52 hours over six days last year without reaching a verdict.
This time, his defense team mounted a far more aggressive effort to stoke doubts about Constand's credibility and raise questions about whether Cosby's arrest was even legal.
Their star witness was Marguerite Jackson, a former Temple University colleague of Constand's who testified that Constand spoke of framing a high-profile person for the purpose of filing a lawsuit. Constand received a settlement of nearly $3.4 million from Cosby over a decade ago.
“Are you going to believe a mature, dignified woman who takes the stand and gives you specific details that do not change,” defense lawyer Kathleen Bliss told the jury Tuesday, referring to Jackson, “or someone who gives you inconsistent statements, one after the other, after the other?”
In a two-hour, tag-team closing argument, Mesereau and Bliss highlighted more than a dozen inconsistencies in what Constand has said over the years. Mesereau, best known for winning an acquittal in Michael Jackson's 2005 child-molestation case, showed jurors a list of what he said were Constand's “biggest lies” and displayed excerpts from her police statements and testimony to help back up his claims.
He also painstakingly reviewed phone and travel records for Cosby and Constand, as well as a schedule for the Temple women's basketball team where she worked, saying they are proof the alleged assault couldn't have happened when she says it did. Prosecutors have noted that Cosby's travel records have large gaps in time.
The date of Cosby's encounter with Constand is important because of when he was charged. Prosecutors reopened the case in 2015, and he was charged late that year — just before the 12-year statute of limitations was set to expire.
Bliss argued that Cosby, once revered as America's Dad, was an innocent man caught up in the “emotion and anger” of the #MeToo movement against sexual misconduct.
“When you join a movement based primarily on emotion and anger, you don't change a damn thing, which is why each single case much be examined on its merits,” Bliss told jurors.
The Associated Press does not typically identify people who say they are victims of sexual assault unless they grant permission. Constand has done so.
Author: AP
× Online Public Information File
Click Here to access the online Public Inspection File
Viewers with disabilities can get assistance accessing this station's FCC Public Inspection File by contacting the station with the information listed below. Questions or concerns relating to the accessibility of the FCC's online public file system should be directed to the FCC at 888-225-5322, 888-835-5322 (TTY), or fccinfo@fcc.gov.
Station Contact Info:
KWQC-TV6
805 Brady Street
Davenport, IA 52803
563-383-7000
Snap Inc shares fell 4 percent on Monday after U.S. securities filings showed some funds dissolving their stakes in the social media company and another brokerage lowered its price target on the stock.
NEW YORK: Snap Inc shares fell 4 percent on Monday after U.S. securities filings showed some funds dissolving their stakes in the social media company and another brokerage lowered its price target on the stock.
Shares of the Snapchat parent are likely to face new pressure on Monday, when employees for the first time are allowed to sell their stock following the company's blockbuster initial public offering.
Monday is also the deadline for hedge funds and other institutional investors to report their quarter-end holdings of U.S. equities.
Initial securities filings since Friday show Third Point LLC and Temasek Holdings dissolved their stakes in Snap entirely.
The new pressure on Snap's stock follows a disappointing quarterly report last week that sent it down 14 percent on Friday to a closing low of US$11.83, far below its IPO price of US$17. On Monday, the shares fell another 3.8 percent to US$11.38 after being among the most actively traded stocks before the market opened.
Wall Street is increasingly worried that Snap is succumbing to competition from Facebook Inc's Instagram.
Advertisement
Advertisement
Instagram, which has adopted features from Snapchat, has 250 million daily active users, compared with Snapchat's 173 million at the end of the second quarter, fewer than Wall Street had expected.
Cantor Fitzgerald, which rates the stock "neutral," lowered its price target to US$15 from US$17.
"We remain on the sidelines until we see signs of re-acceleration in user growth, an inflection on Snap pricing... and/or get closer to the end of the lock-up expiration," analyst Kip Paulson said in a research note.
Starting on Monday, employees are allowed to sell hundreds of millions of their shares for the first time since Snap's US$3.4 billion market debut in March, the largest U.S. IPO in years.
sentifi.com Channel News Asia - Sentifi topic widget
That follows an expiry at the end of July on restrictions from early investors owning around 400 million shares.
To try to reassure investors, Snap Chief Executive Officer Evan Spiegel and co-founder Robert Murphy on Thursday committed to not sell any of their combined 422 million shares in 2017.
Close to 800 million shares become eligible for trading on Monday, including Spiegel and Murphy's stakes, according to JPMorgan analyst Doug Anmuth.
Snapchat is popular among people under 30 who like decorating their pictures with bunny faces and other filters. But following the IPO, investors have become more concerned that it might never become profitable.
(Reporting by Noel Randewich and Lewis Krauskopf; Editing by Lisa Von Ahn)
The Supreme Court has put off for a year or more a ruling on whether gays and lesbians are protected from job discrimination under the federal civil rights law.
The justices without comment or dissent declined to hear a Georgia woman's suit that alleged she was pushed out of her job as a hospital security guard because she is a lesbian.
The Civil Rights Act of 1964 says employers may not discriminate on the basis of race, sex, religion and nationality. And lower courts have split recently over whether the ban on sex discrimination includes discrimination based on sexual orientation.
Lawyers for Lambda Legal hoped the high court would hear the case of Jameka K. Evans vs. Georgia Regional Hospital to resolve the dispute and issue a ruling with nationwide impact. But the case had some procedural flaws. Evans filed her original complaint without a lawyer and did not serve papers on the hospital. As a result, the hospital said it would not participate in the case.
Gregory Nevins, director of Lambda's Employment Fairness Project, said Monday's court action was disappointing. “The Supreme Court is delaying the inevitable and leaving a split in the circuits that will cause confusion across the country,” he said. “But this was not a ‘no' but a ‘not yet.' ” He was referring to the court's rule that declining to hear an appeal is not a decision.
But turning away the Evans case almost certainly means the high court will not rule on the issue until 2019.
In April, the U.S. 7th Circuit Court of Appeals in Chicago ruled Kimberly Hively could sue her employer under the federal civil rights law for allegedly discriminating against her because she is a lesbian. Her employer, Ivy Tech Community College in Indiana, denied discriminating against Hively but announced it “does not intend to seek Supreme Court review.”
In September, the U.S. 2nd Circuit Court in New York heard the case of a skydiving instructor who was fired after telling customers he was gay. Don Zarda was killed in a 2014 diving accident, but his sister and his life partner have carried on the suit in Zarda vs. Altitude Express.
The argument in that case featured not just a split on the law, but a split between two federal agencies. The U.S. Equal Employment Opportunity Commission, which enforces the job bias laws, argued for extending the 1964 law to forbid sexual orientation. Meanwhile, the Justice Department led by the Trump administration said the law did not apply to bias claims based on sexual orientation.
Even if the New York court rules this month, the losing side is not likely to appeal until early next year, too late for the Supreme Court to take up the case this term. The justices could agree to hear an appeal in the fall of 2018 and issue a ruling in the first half of 2019.
Major questions before the Supreme Court this fall »
CAPTION Santa Barbara County is under siege from the Thomas fire. From the GOP's perspective, Alabama's Senate race will yield one of two unhappy results. The Weingart Center wants to reshape skid row's skyline. If lawmakers can agree on a tax bill, will you owe more or less? Santa Barbara County is under siege from the Thomas fire. From the GOP's perspective, Alabama's Senate race will yield one of two unhappy results. The Weingart Center wants to reshape skid row's skyline. If lawmakers can agree on a tax bill, will you owe more or less? CAPTION Santa Barbara County is under siege from the Thomas fire. From the GOP's perspective, Alabama's Senate race will yield one of two unhappy results. The Weingart Center wants to reshape skid row's skyline. If lawmakers can agree on a tax bill, will you owe more or less? Santa Barbara County is under siege from the Thomas fire. From the GOP's perspective, Alabama's Senate race will yield one of two unhappy results. The Weingart Center wants to reshape skid row's skyline. If lawmakers can agree on a tax bill, will you owe more or less? CAPTION An explosive device exploded near Times Square during the morning rush hour Monday, injuring four people and snarling Manhattan transit, authorities said. Mayor Bill de Blasio described it as a terrorist act. An explosive device exploded near Times Square during the morning rush hour Monday, injuring four people and snarling Manhattan transit, authorities said. Mayor Bill de Blasio described it as a terrorist act. CAPTION President Trump says he didn't ask James Comey to stop investigating Michael Flynn. The investigation into the 2016 election is shining new light on the president's son-in-law. President Trump reduced the size of two national monuments in southern Utah. A Supreme Court ruling gave President Trump a significant victory Monday. Four major fires erupted in Southern California. President Trump is expected to declare Jerusalem the capital of Israel. Democrat Al Franken will resign his Senate seat amid allegations of sexual misdeeds. President Trump says he didn't ask James Comey to stop investigating Michael Flynn. The investigation into the 2016 election is shining new light on the president's son-in-law. President Trump reduced the size of two national monuments in southern Utah. A Supreme Court ruling gave President Trump a significant victory Monday. Four major fires erupted in Southern California. President Trump is expected to declare Jerusalem the capital of Israel. Democrat Al Franken will resign his Senate seat amid allegations of sexual misdeeds. CAPTION Alabama Republican Senate candidate Roy Moore speaks on Sept. 17, 2017 at an event in Florence, Ala. Alabama Republican Senate candidate Roy Moore speaks on Sept. 17, 2017 at an event in Florence, Ala. CAPTION Democrat Al Franken will resign his Senate seat amid allegations of sexual misdeeds. Why are wildfires erupting across Southern California? LaMelo and LiAngelo Ball have hired an agent and will try to play professional basketball abroad. About 300 L.A. County sheriff's deputies are on the Brady list. Democrat Al Franken will resign his Senate seat amid allegations of sexual misdeeds. Why are wildfires erupting across Southern California? LaMelo and LiAngelo Ball have hired an agent and will try to play professional basketball abroad. About 300 L.A. County sheriff's deputies are on the Brady list.
david.savage@latimes.com
On Twitter: DavidGSavage
Nominations for the 75th annual Golden Globe Awards were announced this morning from the Beverly Hilton Hotel by presenters Alfre Woodard, Garrett Hedlund, Kristen Bell, and Sharon Stone, with, Hollywood Foreign Press Association president, Meher Tatna, and executive vice president of television at dick clark productions, Barry Adelman. Big Little Lies leads the TV categories with six nominations, while Guillermo del Toro's The Shape of Water takes the top position in the film section, with seven nominations.
Seth Meyers will host the 2018 ceremony from the International Ballroom of the Beverly Hilton on Jan. 7. The 75th Golden Globes will air live at 5 p.m. PT/8 p.m. ET on NBC. Aside from The Shape of Water, the other nominees for Best Motion Picture - Drama are Sony Pictures Classics' Call Me By Your Name, Warner Bros.' Dunkirk, 20th Century Fox's The Post and Fox Searchlight's Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri. For Best Motion Picture - Comedy or Musical, the nominees are A24's The Disaster Artist, Universal Pictures' Get Out, 20th Century Fox's The Greatest Showman, Neon's I, Tonya and A24's Lady Bird. The decision for Get Out to compete as a comedy was slightly controversial, but it seems to have paid off.
It also seems that one of this year's most controversial moves paid off, with three nominations for Sony's All the Money in the World. After a spate of sexual misconduct allegations surfaced against star Kevin Spacey, who plays oil billionaire J. Paul Getty, director Ridley Scott decided to replace Kevin Spacey with Christopher Plummer. Plummer was reportedly the director's original choice for the role, but the studio wanted a bigger star in the role, with 10 days of reshoots planned with Christopher Plummer shooting scenes with Mark Wahlberg and Michelle Williams. The director didn't want Kevin Spacey's scandal to affect the movie's chances this awards season, and the bold gamble paid off, with Christopher Plummer getting a Golden Globe nomination for Best Supporting Actor, while Michelle Williams landed a Best Actress nod and Ridley Scott was nominated in the Best Director category.
On the TV side, the five shows nominated for Best Television Series - Drama are Netflix's The Crown, HBO's Game of Thrones, Hulu's The Handmaid's Tale, which became the first streaming program to win the Emmy for Best Drama Series, Netflix's Stranger Things and NBC's This Is Us. In Best Television Series - Comedy, the nominees are ABC's black-ish, Amazon's The Marvelous Mrs. Maisel, Netflix's Master of None, Showtime's SMILF and NBC's Will & Grace revival. The nominees for Best Limited Series or Made for Television Movie include HBO's Big Little Lies, FX's Fargo, FX's Feud: Bette and Joan, USA Network's The Sinner and SundanceTV's Top of the Lake: China Girl.
The Handmaid's Tale's historic Emmy win was also made possible because Game of Thrones wasn't eligible for the Emmy's this year, since they debuted in mid-July, instead of their usual April date. The Golden Globes are often seen as a precursor to the Academy Awards, with this year's Oscar nominations slated to be announced on Tuesday, January 23, 2018, a few weeks after the Golden Globes are handed out on Sunday, January 7. Take a look at the full list of Golden Globe nominations below, courtesy of GoldenGlobes.com
BEST MOTION PICTURE - DRAMA Call Me by Your Name (Sony Pictures Classics)
Dunkirk (Warner Bros. Pictures)
The Post (Twentieth Century Fox)
The Shape of Water (Fox Searchlight Pictures)
Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri (Fox Searchlight Pictures)
BEST PERFORMANCE BY AN ACTRESS IN A MOTION PICTURE - DRAMA Jessica Chastain, Molly's Game
Sally Hawkins, The Shape of Water
Frances McDormand, Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri
Meryl Streep, The Post
Michelle Williams, All the Money in the World
BEST PERFORMANCE BY AN ACTOR IN A MOTION PICTURE - DRAMA Timothée Chalamet, Call Me by Your Name
Daniel Day-Lewis, Phantom Thread
Tom Hanks, The Post
Gary Oldman, The Darkest Hour
Denzel Washington, Roman J. Israel, Esq.
BEST MOTION PICTURE - MUSICAL OR COMEDY The Disaster Artist (A24)
Get Out (Universal Pictures)
The Greatest Showman (Twentieth Century Fox)
I, Tonya (NEON)
Lady Bird (A24)
BEST PERFORMANCE BY AN ACTRESS IN A MOTION PICTURE - MUSICAL OR COMEDY Judi Dench, Victoria & Abdul
Helen Mirren, The Leisure Seeker
Margot Robbie, I, Tonya
Saoirse Ronan, Lady Bird
Emma Stone, Battle of the Sexes
BEST PERFORMANCE BY AN ACTOR IN A MOTION PICTURE - MUSICAL OR COMEDY Steve Carell, Battle of the Sexes
Ansel Elgort, Baby Driver
James Franco, The Disaster Artist
Hugh Jackman, The Greatest Showman
Daniel Kaluuya, Get Out
BEST MOTION PICTURE - ANIMATED The Boss Baby (Twentieth Century Fox)
The Breadwinner (GKIDS)
Coco (Walt Disney Studios Motion Pictures)
Ferdinand (Twentieth Century Fox)
Loving Vincent (Good Deed Entertainment)
BEST MOTION PICTURE - FOREIGN LANGUAGE A Fantastic Woman (Sony Pictures Classics)
First They Killed My Father (Netflix)
In the Fade (Magnolia Pictures)
Loveless (Sony Pictures Classics)
The Square (Magnolia Pictures)
BEST PERFORMANCE BY AN ACTRESS IN A SUPPORTING ROLE IN ANY MOTION PICTURE Mary J. Blige, Mudbound
Hong Chau, Downsizing
Allison Janney, I, Toyna
Laurie Metcalf, Lady Bird
Octavia Spencer, The Shape of Water
BEST PERFORMANCE BY AN ACTOR IN A SUPPORTING ROLE IN ANY MOTION PICTURE Willem Dafoe, The Florida Project
Armie Hammer, Call Me by Your Name
Richard Jenkins, The Shape of Water
Christopher Plummer, All the Money in the World
Sam Rockwell, Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri
BEST DIRECTOR - MOTION PICTURE Guillermo del Toro, The Shape of Water
Martin McDonagh, Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri
Christopher Nolan, Dunkirk
Ridley Scott, All the Money in the World
Steven Spielberg, The Post
BEST SCREENPLAY - MOTION PICTURE Guillermo del Toro & Vanessa Taylor, The Shape of Water
Greta Gerwig, Lady Bird
Liz Hannah & Josh Singer, The Post
Martin McDonagh, Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri
Aaron Sorkin, Molly's Game
BEST ORIGINAL SCORE - MOTION PICTURE Carter Burwell, Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri
Alexandre Desplat, The Shape of Water
Jonny Greenwood, Phantom Thread
John Williams, The Post
Hans Zimmer, Dunkirk
BEST ORIGINAL SONG - MOTION PICTURE "Home," Ferdinand, Music by: Nick Jonas, Justin Tranter, Nick Monson, Lyrics by: Nick Jonas, Justin Tranter
"Mighty River," Mudbound, Music by: Raphael Saadiq, Lyrics by: Mary J. Blige, Raphael Saadiq, Taura Stinson
"Remember Me," Coco, Music by: Kristen Anderson-Lopez and Robert Lopez, Lyrics by: Kristen Anderson-Lopez and Robert Lopez
"The Star," The Star, Music and Lyrics by: Mariah Carey, Marc Shaiman
"This is Me," The Greatest Showman, Music and Lyrics by: Benj Pasek, Justin Paul
BEST TELEVISION SERIES - DRAMA The Crown (Netflix)
Game of Thrones (HBO)
The Handmaid's Tale (Hulu)
Stranger Things (Netflix)
This Is Us (NBC)
BEST PERFORMANCE BY AN ACTRESS IN A TELEVISION SERIES - DRAMA Caitriona Balfe, Outlander
Claire Foy, The Crown
Maggie Gyllenhaal, The Deuce
Katherine Langford, 13 Reasons Why
Elisabeth Moss, The Handmaid's Tale
BEST PERFORMANCE BY AN ACTOR IN A TELEVISION SERIES - DRAMA Jason Bateman, Ozark
Sterling K. Brown, This Is Us
Freddie Highmore, The Good Doctor
Bob Odenkirk, Better Call Saul
Liev Schreiber, Ray Donovan
BEST TELEVISION SERIES - MUSICAL OR COMEDY black-ish (ABC)
The Marvelous Mrs. Maisel (Amazon)
Master of None (Netflix)
SMILF (Showtime)
Will & Grace (NBC)
BEST PERFORMANCE BY AN ACTRESS IN A TELEVISION SERIES - MUSICAL OR COMEDY Pamela Adlon, Better Things
Alison Brie, GLOW
Rachel Brosnahan, The Marvelous Mrs. Maisel
Issa Rae, Insecure
Frankie Shaw, SMILF
BEST PERFORMANCE BY AN ACTOR IN A TELEVISION SERIES - MUSICAL OR COMEDY Anthony Anderson, black-ish
Aziz Ansari, Master of None
Kevin Bacon, I Love Dick
William H. Macy, Shameless
Eric McCormack, Will & Grace
BEST TELEVISION LIMITED SERIES OR MOTION PICTURE MADE FOR TELEVISION Big Little Lies (HBO)
Fargo (FX)
Feud: Bette and Joan (FX)
The Sinner (USA Network)
Top of the Lake: China Girl (SundanceTV)
BEST PERFORMANCE BY AN ACTRESS IN A LIMITED SERIES OR A MOTION PICTURE MADE FOR TELEVISION Jessica Biel, The Sinner
Nicole Kidman, Big Little Lies
Jessica Lange, Feud: Bette and Joan
Susan Sarandon, Feud: Bette and Joan
Reese Witherspoon, Big Little Lies
BEST PERFORMANCE BY AN ACTOR IN A LIMITED SERIES OR A MOTION PICTURE MADE FOR TELEVISION Robert DeNiro, The Wizard of Lies
Jude Law, The Young Pope
Kyle MacLachlan, Twin Peaks
Ewan McGregor, Fargo
Geoffrey Rush, Genius
BEST PERFORMANCE BY AN ACTRESS IN A SUPPORTING ROLE IN A SERIES, LIMITED SERIES OR MOTION PICTURE MADE FOR TELEVISION Laura Dern, Big Little Lies
Ann Dowd, The Handmaid's Tale
Chrissy Metz, This Is Us
Michelle Pfeiffer, The Wizard of Lies
Shailene Woodley, Big Little Lies
The Lord Mayor of the City of London will add his voice to a growing chorus of business leaders urging Theresa May to strike a Brexit deal with the EU before negotiations draw to a close.
In a speech prepared for the Bankers and Merchants Dinner at Mansion House on Thursday evening, Andrew Parmley will stress that a Brexit deal which ensures access to the EU single market is "vital" for City businesses.
"The City Corporation remains firm that access to the single market is a priority. For the firms I represent, and the millions they support, a deal is vital.
"We seek a bespoke agreement with the EU for reciprocal market access, based on the principle of mutual-recognition of our regulatory regimes.
"A bonfire of regulation would have no benefit."
Mr Parmley's comments will be the latest that run counter to Prime Minister Theresa May's mantra that "no deal is better than a bad deal" when it comes to negotiations with the bloc, raising concerns that the UK will have no replacement for passporting rights that ensure access to the single market for financial services after Brexit.
Other sectors fear that Britain will have to fall back on World Trade Organisation trading rules as it crashes out of the single market and customs union.
ADS - which represents Britain's aerospace, defence, security and space sectors - earlier this week warned that "no deal is the worst outcome for the UK" and that a fresh approach to Brexit is needed following the General Election result.
Mr Parmley, who will speak alongside Chancellor Philip Hammond and Bank of England Governor Mark Carney at Mansion House, is also expected to emphasise the importance of immigration for UK business.
"One thing made clear is that this great, global City thrives on attracting and exporting international talent and capital.
"We surely all recognise that UK immigration policy should enhance our future workforce - enabling industry to fill specialist roles, build links with academia, and share staff and knowledge around the world."
Financial services, hospitality, farming and manufacturing trade bodies have all warned of calamity if the Tories follow through on a so-called hard Brexit, which would put hundreds of thousands of British jobs at risk.
"It is in everyone's interests that UK financial services remain strong and competitive," Mr Parmley is expected to say.
"This sector's voice is of paramount importance. In order to protect its ability to create jobs and growth across the nation. To protect the 2.2 million-strong workforce in UK financial and related professional services. And to protect those with whom they work.
"And in the wake of the General Election, the Cities of Westminster and London have a shared duty, to work together, to minimise uncertainty and maximise calm."
Iran will help shed light on the case of one of its Vienna-based diplomats who was arrested in Germany over a suspected plot to carry out a bomb attack on an exiled Iranian opposition group, Austria said on Wednesday.
VIENNA: Iran will help shed light on the case of one of its Vienna-based diplomats who was arrested in Germany over a suspected plot to carry out a bomb attack on an exiled Iranian opposition group, Austria said on Wednesday.
The case cast a shadow over Iranian President Hassan Rouhani's visit to Austria on Wednesday at which both sides discussed issues including salvaging the Iran nuclear deal after the U.S. decision to withdraw and reinstate sanctions on Tehran.
Advertisement
"We expect full clarification in connection with this and I thank you, Mr President, for assuring us that you will support this clarification," Austrian Chancellor Sebastian Kurz said in a statement to reporters after meeting Rouhani.
Rouhani did not mention the diplomat in his remarks and the two leaders took no questions.
Austria summoned Iran's ambassador over the case on Monday and said it was stripping the arrested Iranian of his diplomatic status.
Belgian authorities identified the diplomat as 46-year-old Assadollah A and said he is suspected of having been in contact with two people arrested in Belgium with 500 grams of the homemade explosive TATP and a detonation device in their car.
Advertisement
Advertisement
Their alleged target was a rally near Paris last weekend of the National Council of Resistance of Iran (NCRI) - an umbrella organisation of opposition groups in exile that seek an end to Shi'ite Muslim clerical rule in Iran.
Belgium also issued a European arrest warrant for a man of Iranian origin being held in France suspected of being involved in the alleged plot, a French judicial source said.
U.S. President Donald Trump's lawyer Rudy Giuliani as well as former European and Arab ministers attended the NCRI meeting.
The NCRI held a small protest against Rouhani's visit on the edge of the area of central Vienna that police sealed off.
Foreign ministers from the remaining signatories to the 2015 nuclear deal - Iran, France, Britain, Germany, Russia and China - meet in Vienna on Friday to discuss salvaging the accord.
European powers are putting together an economic package aimed at safeguarding the deal by shielding Iran from some of the impact of U.S. sanctions resuming. Rouhani has said Iran will stay in the accord if its interests are preserved.
An Iranian official said Rouhani was also due to meet the head of the Vienna-based International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA), which is policing the restrictions the deal places on Iran's atomic activities in exchange for sanctions relief.
Rouhani's one-day visit to Austria followed a longer trip that was planned two years ago but which he cancelled at the last minute on unspecified security grounds.
(Reporting by Francois Murphy with additional reporting by Parisa Hafezi in Ankara and Alexandra Schwarz-Goerlich in Vienna; Editing by Mark Heinrich)
KALAMAZOO, Mich (WOOD) — Comstock Fire and Rescue Chief Edward Switalski was hit and killed by a passing vehicle while responding to an “unknown accident” on eastbound I-94, authorities say.
The Kalamazoo County Sheriff's Office and Comstock Fire and Rescue were called to a crash on eastbound I-94 near the 81 mile marker at 10:30 p.m. Wednesday. When they arrived, they found the vehicle was empty and no injuries to report.
The sheriff's office says as fire crews were getting ready to leave the scene, a passing vehicle lost control and hit Switalski, who was standing near the rear of his rescue vehicle.
Crews at the scene tried to revive Switalski, but were unsuccessful. He died at the scene.
The driver of the at-fault vehicle was taken to Borgess Methodist Hospital with injuries from the crash, which remains under investigation.
After serving more 30 years at a fire department in Chicagoland, Switalski moved to West Michigan in 2013 to be closer to his daughters, who were attending Western Michigan University.
He was sworn in on July 1, 2013, replacing a fire chief who had been with the department for more than 40 years.
The flag outside Comstock Fire and Rescue was at half staff Thursday morning.
“The Kalamazoo County Sheriff's Department wishes to extend their sincere condolences to the Switalski family and the Comstock Fire department in their tragic loss,” the sheriff's office said in its news release.
They weren't alone.
“Our thoughts and prayers go out to family, friends and fellow firefighters (sic) of Comstock Fire Chief Ed Switalski,” read a post on Downtown Kalamazoo Cops' Facebook page.
Anyone with information about the crash is encouraged to contact the Kalamazoo County Sheriff's Office at 269.383.8748 or Silent Observer at 269.343.2100.
Share this: Email
Print
Facebook
Twitter
Google
Pinterest
More
LinkedIn
Tumblr
Reddit
LOVE THY NEIGHBOUR
Deeply, I want safety and equality for women. We have two daughters out there in our world. Joking, teasing, flirting can be fun, but sometimes the line is crossed. I have been a director and a manager; it is amazing how unaware we, as managers, as men, as white people, can be when the power is on our side. In our time there is openness, almost invitation, for women to step forward with stories of abuse and harassment, with memories of inappropriate comments or actions. Can we, with the light of the Truth and Reconciliation Commission, extend that same support and a small token of healing to our indigenous neighbours? We have heard about residential schools and the “Sixties Scoop.” What about all the comments and shoves and other actions in schools, in grocery stores, on sidewalks, and more? For the children and the children's children, let's see and say the truth, all the many pieces of the whole picture, and move toward being good neighbours.
Ray Hamm
Altona, Man.
(That seems perfectly reasonable and a decent thing to do)
RESERVE JUDGMENT
The issue about funding for aboriginal communities is not whether aboriginal people get more funding than non aboriginals. It's that aboriginal communities are “funded” and non aboriginal communities are not “funded,” they are part of a market system. As a white girl, I married and moved to a reserve in 1972 and found that I was living in a government program. Like in a foreign country, all the rules of life were different. It's the most misunderstood aspect of Canadian society. I am legally a ward of the Canadian government. I didn't ask to become one and there is no legal way anymore for me to cease being one. Frivolous articles don't even start to describe what's happening on reserves. The Canadian government made a fundamental mistake when it created Indian reserves. They did it to acquire all the rest of the land that wasn't “reserved.” They established an apartheid system that still exists. Reserves are now reduced as much as the law will tolerate. Some think disbanding them will bring about “equality.” However, legally Canada knows that would be astronomically expensive. Because of unsolved historical debts, the country cannot afford it. The most unfortunate result of this Canadian government boondoggle is the racism it has created — a very, very sad situation and one I have experienced from all sides. Humans are so willing to blame and hate first and understand later — if at all.
Sylvia Olsen
North Saanich, B.C.
(Your points are more than valid, and it's true, most Canadians don't know the realities of what is happening on reserves)
COMPLETE DISARRAY
Democracy is indeed a fragile institution when a major party and the election process can be thrown into disarray by the unproven allegations of two still anonymous persons.
Nick Lerway
Scarborough
(But that is part of the reality we live in, as troubling as that may be)
More Canadian drivers than you think are getting busy behind the wheel, according to a new survey released Monday.
A report commissioned by Belair Direct found that 14 per cent of drivers “have engaged in romantic activities,” while three per cent have flossed behind the wheel.
It wasn't just extracurriculars that got Canadians in trouble: three out every 10 drivers admitted to running a red light and disobeying road signs.
Money proved to be just the incentive that drivers needed to fix up their habits. Four-fifths of drivers said they were willing to at least one bad habit if they knew they'd get paid for it. In B.C., that number went up significantly; 96 per cent of the province's drivers were willing to give up a bad habit in exchange for some cash.
On the more wholesome end of the scale, Canucks had some good habits too. Just over half of Canadians sing while driving and 96 per cent wouldn't steal another driver's parking spot.
Crystal Palace defender Mamadou Sakho has sustained a muscle tear in his calf and is set for a lengthy spell on the sidelines, the Premier League club's manager Roy Hodgson has said.
REUTERS: Crystal Palace defender Mamadou Sakho has sustained a muscle tear in his calf and is set for a lengthy spell on the sidelines, the Premier League club's manager Roy Hodgson has said.
Sakho, who returned from a serious knee injury in September, has captained Palace in their last four league games and suffered his latest setback in last Saturday's 2-2 draw with Bournemouth.
"He'll be out a long time, how long a time?, I don't know, they won't put a time on it, but it's a serious muscle tear in his calf so I don't know, but it's weeks not days, I couldn't say if it was months," Hodgson told reporters on Monday.
"We'll miss him, in this period he's played a decisive role, been captain, shown his qualities and when you lose a player like that you can't be anything other than disappointed and sad."
Fellow defender Joel Ward has also sustained a calf injury and will miss bottom-placed Palace's game against Watford later on Tuesday.
(Reporting by Aditi Prakash in Bengaluru)
Advertisement
Police: Blast at China kindergarten; reports of casualties
BEIJING (AP) Police say an explosion has struck the entrance to a kindergarten in eastern China, with reports saying there have been casualties.
Police officials say they're investigating and have no word yet on injuries or deaths.
However, state media reports say people have been hurt and photos purportedly from the scene and posted to social media showed children and adults lying on the ground, some of them bleeding.
Police say the blast struck at 4:50 p.m. Thursday in Fengxian in Jiangsu province.
Kindergartens in China have been targeted before in apparent revenge attacks carried out by people bearing grudges against their neighbors and society.
China maintains tight control over firearms and most attacks are carried out using knives, axes or homemade explosives.
Omar Khadr‘s official criminal record in Canada contains oddities and errors that are at odds with how the federal government viewed him on his return from the notorious prison on the U.S. naval base at Guantanamo Bay, Cuba.
The record, obtained by The Canadian Press, makes no reference to the fact that Khadr, 30, was convicted by an internationally condemned U.S. military commission for purported offences he committed as a 15-year-old in Afghanistan.
Instead, the document states only that he was convicted at “Guantanamo Bay, Cuba (Youth Court).” It makes no reference anywhere to the United States or the commission.
READ MORE: Timeline of the legal odyssey of Omar Khadr
While it's not clear when the record was first created, Khadr's Canadian lawyers call it bizarre. For one thing, they note there's no such thing as a Guantanamo Bay youth court.
However, despite the document, the Canadian government argued strenuously for years against treating Khadr as a young offender — placing him, for example, in a series of maximum security adult prisons on his return to Canada in September 2012.
Additionally, the lawyers say, the record appears to formalize the fact that Khadr was convicted as a youth for alleged crimes that occurred in a war zone, which would make him a child soldier — a label the government has also always avoided.
READ MORE: Is Omar Khadr a child soldier? Explaining the murky debate
Dennis Edney, one of Khadr's lawyers, who was initially unaware of the document, expressed profound surprise at its contents.
“There's not such a being as a criminal youth court in Guantanamo,” Edney said from Edmonton. “Why would you do that? Internationally, the place was condemned because it didn't distinguish between Omar being a child and Omar being an adult.”
The Americans captured the horrifically wounded Khadr in the rubble of a bombed out compound in Afghanistan in July 2002 following a fierce firefight that left an American special forces soldier dead and another partly blinded.
In October 2010, the Canadian citizen pleaded guilty to five war crimes before a military commission at Guantanamo Bay, and was handed an eight-year sentence. The Toronto-born Khadr, who has long maintained the Americans tortured him during his lengthy captivity, later said he only pleaded guilty so he could return to Canada.
READ MORE: Omar Khadr engaged to Edmonton human rights activist
Edney said it's important people understand the context of the convictions — something sorely lacking in the official record.
“It shows absolute ignorance. It misstates itself in a very fundamental way,” Edney said.
“It shows no understanding of what Guantanamo is (and) demands an explanation as to why it is so described.”
The RCMP document also erroneously states that Khadr was sentenced to five concurrent eight-year terms for each of his five charges, In fact, Canadian courts have ruled Khadr was handed a single eight-year sentence on all counts.
READ MORE: Omar Khadr in Edmonton ICU after 19-hour shoulder operation
Co-counsel Nate Whitling, who also had not seen the document, called it unsurprising Khadr has a record in Canada given his transfer here to serve out his sentence. But Whitling still called it “weird.” He noted there's no such thing as a concurrent sentence at Guantanamo Bay, and suggested Canadian authorities had “tried to fit a square peg into a round hole.”
Khadr's lawyers say his conviction record should not enjoy legal recognition in Canada given that it has no reference to a legitimate court in a foreign country but arises out of military commissions that were set up to avoid U.S. constitutional scrutiny. Still, the criminal record could have an impact on Khadr, who hopes to study nursing, when he applies in the future for employment.
Barney Brucker, the Justice Department's lead lawyer on the Khadr file, did not respond to a request for information. Public Safety Minister Ralph Goodale was not immediately available to comment on Monday.
Khadr was granted bail in Alberta in 2015 pending an ongoing appeal of his U.S. conviction — a process that will likely take several more years at least. The appeal rests on the fact that he was convicted for acts that were not crimes at the time he did them.
Watch below: Omar Khadr said “freedom is way better than I thought” while speaking to the media in spring 2015 after nearly 13 years behind bars.
Allahabad High Court is miffed with the Yogi government in relation to the delay in the suspension of the Gorakhpur DM Rajeev Rautela and DM ‘Kanpur Dehat' Rakesh Kumar.
Previously, both the district magistrates were considered unsuccessful in controlling the illegal sand mining and despite the orders of the High Court there have not been any sort of action taken till now.
Division bench comprising of Chief Justice DB Bhosle and Justice MK Gupta had ordered the suspension of both IAS officers but there has not been any action taken and now the court has ordered that the state government should take note of this by 16 February.
As I posted yesterday, a lot of contributors gave their answers to the 2017 annual Edge Question, “What scientific term or concept ought to be more widely known.” (See all responses here.) In the last 24 hours Richard Dawkins has weighed in with his answer, “The genetic book of the dead,” which involves reverse-engineering our DNA sequences to reconstruct the ancestral environments of living species. While Dawkins has discussed this before, most notably in Unweaving the Rainbow, not everyone's read that book. It's worth considering that an organism's genome may be a palimpsest of its ancestry, which in turn reflects in part the environments to which those ancestors are adapted.
You can read Richard's piece for yourself; I'll give one brief excerpt:
Given a key, you can reconstruct the lock that it fits. Given an animal, you should be able to reconstruct the environments in which its ancestors survived. A knowledgeable zoologist, handed a previously unknown animal, can reconstruct some of the locks that its keys are equipped to open. Many of these are obvious. Webbed feet indicate an aquatic way of life. Camouflaged animals literally carry on their backs a picture of the environments in which their ancestors evaded predation. But most of the keys that an animal brandishes are not obvious on the surface. Many are buried in cellular chemistry. All of them are, in a sense which is harder to decipher, also buried in the genome. If only we could read the genome in the appropriate way, it would be a kind of negative imprint of ancient worlds, a description of the ancestral environments of the species: the Genetic Book of the Dead. Naturally the book's contents will be weighted in favour of recent ancestral environments. The book of a camel's genome describes recent milennia in deserts. But in there too must be descriptions of Devonian seas from before the mammals' remote ancestors crawled out on the land. The genetic book of a giant tortoise most vividly portrays the Galapagos island habitat of its recent ancestors; before that the South American mainland where its smaller ancestors thrived. But we know that all modern land tortoises descend earlier from marine turtles, so our Galapagos tortoise's genetic book will describe somewhat older marine scenes. But those marine ancestral turtles were themselves descended from much older, Triassic, land tortoises. And, like all tetrapods, those Triassic tortoises themselves were descended from fish. So the genetic book of our Galapagos giant is a bewildering palimpsest of water, overlain by land, overlain by water, overlain by land.
We can already reconstruct the features of ancestors by looking at some bits of the genome, especially those “dead genes” that were useful in our ancestors but no longer to their descendants. For example, as I mention in WEIT, the human genome contains three dead genes that are very similar in sequence to active genes that make proteins in the egg yolks of living birds and reptiles. That's almost irrefutable evidence that we descended from animals with yolked eggs. That says a bit about our ancestral environments, but we can do better. Humans also have a number of dead “olfactory receptor genes” that enabled our ancestors to smell particular molecules (one per gene). Those genes are still active in our relatives like dogs and mice. This tells us that our lineage experienced reduced selection for olfaction, almost certainly because our lineage became more dependent on vision and hearing.
In fact, whales have a huge set of olfactory genes, but every single one of them is inactive. That tells us that the environment of their ancestors was terrestrial.
Can we go further than that? Yes, in principle it's possible. Richard suggests this solution:
I have a sort of dim inkling of a plan. For simplicity of illustration, I'll stick to mammals. Gather together a list of mammals who live in water and make them as taxonomically diverse as possible: whales, dugongs, seals, water shrews, otters, yapoks. Now make a similar list of mammals that live in deserts: camels, desert foxes, jerboas etc. Another list of taxonomically diverse mammals who live up trees: monkeys, squirrels, koalas, sugar gliders. Another list of mammals that live underground: moles, marsupial moles, golden moles, mole rats. Now borrow from the statistical techniques of the numerical taxonomists, but use them in a kind of upside-down way. Take specimens of all those lists of mammals and measure as many features as possible, morphological, biochemical and genetic. Now feed all the measurements into the computer and ask it (here's where I get really vague and ask mathematicians for help) to find features that all the aquatic animals have in common, features that all the desert animals have in common, and so on. Some of these will be obvious, like webbed feet. Others will be non-obvious, and that is why the exercise is worth doing. The most interesting of the non-obvious features will be in the genes. And they will enable us to read the Genetic Book of the Dead.
There are a few problems here, though. One is convergent evolution. A marsupial mole evolved its morphology and behavior independently from those of placental moles, and it's very likely that the genetic signature of a fossorial life will differ at least somewhat between these two groups. Likewise for arboreal koalas and monkeys, and many desert animals. In such cases, looking at the genes will tell us very little about their ancestral environment of animals whose forebears lived underground, in trees, or in deserts. In other cases, genes no longer used will degrade, making it more difficult to decide what function they served. (That hasn't happened for olfactory receptor genes or egg-yolk genes, though, telling us that useful genetic information can be preserved for millions of years.)
Finally, there's another genetic way to reconstruct ancestral environments: using DNA to make phylogenies, or “family trees” and combining that with the fossil record or the existence of vestigial features. Doing that, for instance, has told us that whales not only descended from terrestrial mammals, but fossils add that it's probably descended from a deer-like artiodactyl called Indohyus. We can tell what the environment of Indohyus was from its morphology. And in many cases ancestral environments might be better reconstructed from fossils, which bear signs of their adaptations, than the DNA sequences themselves. Also, using DNA-based phylogenies can give us ideas of when certain characters appeared on the lineage: which are ancestral and which are derived. From that, for instance, we know from such reconstruction that the species ancestral to social bees was monogamous–singly mated–giving support to the notion that kin selection was an impetus for the evolution of eusociality (kin from single matings are more closely related to each other than kin from multiple matings). The reference is given below.
Regardless, it's fascinating to see organisms as palimpsests of the past: a thing that we evolutionists have known for a while but that the layperson may not appreciate. Our many vestigial organs (like the muscles that I can use to move my ears) testify to that, and now, with DNA sequencing, we get more testimony from our genes.
Below are the three ear muscles that inherited but (with some exceptions like me) can no longer use. The big one above, and the thin ones in front and back are the three. In animals like dogs and horses they're used to moving the ear around for hearing; in humans they have no use—except to amuse my students.
_________
Hughes, W. O. H., B. P. Oldroyd, M. Beekman, and F. L. W. Ratnieks. 2008. Ancestral monogamy shows kin selection is key to the evolution of eusociality. Science 320:1213-1216.
PHNOM PENH: A spokesman for Cambodia's Interior Ministry says the country's new proposed lese majeste law was designed to "scare" the public.
A draft amendment to make insulting the king criminal offence was approved by the Cambodian government on Friday (Feb 2), prompting wider fears about a crackdown on civil rights and freedom of expression.
"Every human being is scared of the prison … we created the law to make people scared," Khieu Sopheak told Channel NewsAsia.
"It is not strange to have this regulation for countries that have a king reigning. Thailand even has a more serious sentence than this," he said.
Neigbouring Thailand has the world's toughest lese majeste law, with sentences of up to 15 years for each offence of royal insult. Prosecutions under the Thai law have risen since a 2014 coup and critics of the junta say it has been used as a means to silence any dissent.
Offenders of Cambodia's proposed lese majeste law would face a prison sentence of one to five years and a fine of up to US$2,500.
Advertisement
Advertisement
Chin Malin, spokesman for the Ministry of Justice, said Cambodia should have had the regulation to punish people who insult the king a long time ago.
"The constitution already states that the king is inviolable but our criminal code does not have any regulation to punish against person who violates against the king, so it is necessary that we need to make amendment our criminal code," he said.
He added that previous comments in the media and on social networks had affected the dignity and fame of the king, as well as political leaders, a phenomenon that could be explained by "falling morality".
Freedom of expression nowadays is full of anarchy beyond the law and without responsibility, which sometimes affect the king, Malin said.
"So in the context of the freedom of expression without responsibility and such anarchy, it demands there be a regulation to prevent and punish, in order to protect the dignity and the fame of the king," he said.
The lese majeste law is expected to be passed before the general election, Malin confirmed. The ruling party's dominance of the National Assembly means there will be no obstacles to the legislation being approved.
"WE CANNOT CRITICISE AS WE DID BEFORE"
Current monarch King Norodom Sihamoni has performed a mostly ceremonial role as head of state and has been almost completely absent from daily politics, unlike his father King Norodom Sihanouk who was an active political figure throughout his life.
King Sihamoni is required to sign off on laws, which in recent times has prompted some criticism from those who felt he should intervene more to prevent the dismantling of democracy.
In October 2017, he signed off on four sets of controversial amendments to Cambodia's electoral laws, officially approving provisions that will allow seats belonging to the opposition – Cambodia National Rescue Party – to be redistributed in the event of its dissolution.
Following that, former Deputy Prime Minister Ly Lay Sreng criticised King Sihamoni in a private conversation. His conversation was recorded secretly and distributed without his permission on Facebook, leading to a defamation suit filed by lawyers of Prime Minister Hun Sen and Lay Sreng's former party Funcinpec.
In September, another woman Moeun Lihor, a vendor in Banteay Meanchey province, was arrested and imprisoned for insulting the king and Hun Sen in a Facebook post.
Legal expert Sok Sam Oeun said it was the duty of the government to protect the king.
"The constitution stated that the king is inviolable so if there is no regulation to punish those who insult the king, it means that the constitution is meaningless.
"Expression is freedom but we cannot make any expression that violates or is prohibited by the constitution."
He added that in order to make this law is more effective, authorities needed to broadly disseminate the information to the public and strengthen the implementation of the law.
Although King Sihamoni is Cambodia's head of state, Hun Sen has dominated the Southeast Asian country for more than 33 years.
Right groups said they feared the new law could also be used to target critics of the government, which last year had the main opposition party shut down and its leader, Kem Sokha, arrested on treason charges he says were politically driven.
"The cabinet's approval of a lese majeste law appears to be a further attempt by the government to weaponise the country's legislation against its perceived opponents," said Kingsley Abbott, ICJ's Senior International Legal Adviser.
"The government's ongoing misuse of the law is particularly concerning given the lack of independent and impartial judges to provide appropriate checks and balances on its power," he added.
University student and activist Kong Raya, who was sentenced to 18 months in prison in 2016 for calling for a "colour revolution" and criticising the king in a Facebook post, said he will continue his criticisms regardless of the law amendment, but with caution.
"My opinion is a democratic opinion so I will still keep criticising but we have to be more careful than before. We cannot criticise as we did before," Raya said.
"I will still maintain my democratic principals when I see someone did something wrong. I will keep criticising and criticise in a constructive way."
Review: Virginia
Developed by Variable State
Virginia is a videogame with a story that is both genuinely surprising and told in atypical ways.
Set in the summer of 1992, Virginia takes place through the eyes of Anne Tarver, an FBI agent who newly graduated from the academy. It's not long before Tarver is placed on two assignments. One of these is investigating the disappearance of a young boy. The other is an internal investigation into her partner for the latter case, Maria Halperin. As the story develops, this creates a dynamic of distrust and a tense atmosphere. As the story goes on, things become increasingly stranger. Backgrounds change mid-scene and motifs like buffalo, birds, and flowers constantly reappear.
Virginia is similar to other first-person narrative games like Firewatch, Gone Home, and Dear Esther, short interactive journeys that take the player through a character's experience of the story. What makes Virginia stand out is the lack of any dialogue. The story is told using visual cues and the characters' body language. While this was a risky choice on Variable State's part, it works surprisingly well to give the game its sense of affective impact.
Perhaps the most interesting aspect to Virginia is the way that its story makes the player repeatedly check their own moral compass. Tarver is investigating her own partner, someone she is becoming closer to as a colleague and a friend, with a view to expose her potential ethical breaches. This brings up questions about being loyal versus being complicit.
Virginia also forces the player to re-evaluate their own biases via a subplot involving the kidnapped boy's father, who also happens to be a minister. How the player views this character, and whether they think he has anything to do with the boy's disappearance, will no doubt be determined by how they decode the image of the man in the clerical collar.
An Artful Investigation
Built using the Unity engine, Virginia's graphics are basic but have a beautiful artistic style. Given how much the title relies on the players' ability to perceive what is going on without text, the in-game animation is very important and thankfully, it works well.
Games like Virginia are often derisively termed ‘walking simulators' as they involve pacing from plot point to plot point, in the order that the player is meant to proceed. This kind of criticism could be applied to the title, as the player performs a series of actions that are tightly limited: aim the recticle at an object or a door, move the character over to it. At some points, working out what the game intends for you to aim at can prove confusing.
This leads to Virginia's main ‘problem.' If you do not enjoy ‘walking simulators', Virginia probably won't be the game that convinces you to give them a chance. Clocking at just over two hours on a leisurely play through, it's also short game, the latest in a number of titles designed for short-burst play. While this will please time poor people such as new parents, those looking for a longer experience are bound to be disappointed.
These ‘problems' however, are really more points of preference and when judged on its own merits, Virginia more than delivers what it sets out to accomplish.
At the time of writing, the game's special edition can be bought for a few extra dollars at $16.95. This includes the game's soundtrack performed by the Prague Philharmonic Orchestra.
Virginia is rated M and available on the PS4, Xbox One, and Steam.
Jonathan Foye is Insights' Editor
North Korean leader Kim Jong-Un has been briefed on a plan to fire missiles near Guam, home to US air and naval bases, Pyongyang's state media said.
SEOUL: North Korean leader Kim Jong-Un has been briefed on a plan to fire missiles near Guam, home to US air and naval bases, Pyongyang's state media said on Tuesday (Aug 15).
Kim "examined the plan for a long time" and "discussed it" with commanding officers on Monday during his inspection of the command of the Strategic Force in charge of the North's missile units, according to the Korean Central News Agency (KCNA).
- Advertisement -
Gov. Abubakar Bello of Niger has pledged to provide adequate security and ensure the welfare of corps members posted to the various Local Government Areas in the state.
He said this during the closing ceremony of the 2017 Batch “B'' corps members at the NYSC Orientation Camp in Paiko on Monday.
Bello, who was represented by his deputy, Alhaji Ahmed Ketso, advised corps members to continue to play vital roles in the area of education, health care, agriculture and rural development.
He enjoined them to be committed to their work, adding that government would strengthen awards to recognise distinguished corps members.
- Advertisement -
The governor, however, appealed to employers to accept corps members posted to their organisations.
In her remarks, Mrs Theresa Arokoyo, the NYSC Coordinator in Niger, commended the State Government for the provision of drugs to facilitate the smooth running of the camp clinic.
She appealed to employers to create an enabling environment for corps members to excel in their places of primary assignments rather than rejecting them.
Arokoyo urged corps members to be good ambassadors of the scheme and practice all they have learnt during the three weeks orientation course in the camp.
President Donald Trump, under heavy political pressure from Democrats and Republicans alike, on Monday condemned white supremacists who rallied in Virginia over the weekend, sparking violence that claimed one life.
“Racism is evil and those who cause violence in its name are criminals and thugs, including the KKK, neo-Nazis, white supremacists and other hate groups that are repugnant to everything we hold dear as Americans,” Trump said from the White House.
READ MORE: Charlottesville: How the ‘Unite the Right' rally turned violent and sparked backlash against Donald Trump
Trump had been assailed by Republicans and Democrats alike for failing to respond more forcefully to Saturday's violence in Charlottesville, in which a woman was killed when a man crashed his car into a group of counter-protesters.
Critics said Trump had waited too long to address the bloodshed, and slammed him for stating initially that “many sides” were involved, rather than explicitly condemning white supremacists widely seen as sparking the melee.
A 20-year-old man said to have harbored Nazi sympathies as a teenager was facing charges he plowed his car into protesters opposing the white nationalists, killing Heather Heyer and injuring 19 people. The accused, James Alex Fields, was denied bail at an initial court hearing on Monday.
In a strong rebuke to the president, the chief executive of one of the world's largest pharmaceutical companies, Merck & Co Inc, resigned from a business panel led by Trump, citing a need for leadership countering bigotry.
READ MORE: Charlottesville protest: Who united against the white nationalists?
CEO Kenneth Frazier, who is black, did not name Trump or criticize him directly in a statement posted on the drug company's Twitter account, but the rebuke was implicit.
“America's leaders must honor our fundamental values by clearly rejecting expressions of hatred, bigotry and group supremacy,” said Frazier.
- Advertisement -
The Lagos House of Assembly Speaker, Mudashiru Obasa, has promised that the Assembly would scrutinise the Lagos N1.046tn to make sure that it delivered on its promises in meeting the aspirations of the people.
He said, “As usual, we are duty bound to painstakingly look at the the budget for the purpose of transforming same for the benefits of all Lagosians.
- Advertisement -
“I assure Lagosians that this House, through effective oversight, will ensure that the Year 2018 budget deliver on its promises to stimulate the economy of the state by focusing on infrastructure development, delivering inclusive growth and prioritising the welfare of Lagosians.”
Warren Buffett's Berkshire Hathaway Inc on Monday said it has taken a 17.5 million share stake in Synchrony Financial and shed its investment in the financial services company's former parent, General Electric Co.
NEW YORK: Warren Buffett's Berkshire Hathaway Inc on Monday said it has taken a 17.5 million share stake in Synchrony Financial and shed its investment in the financial services company's former parent, General Electric Co.
In a regulatory filing detailing its U.S.-listed stock holdings, Berkshire said it owned about US$521 million of Synchrony shares as of June 30.
It also reported no holdings of GE, after having reported a roughly US$315 million stake as of March 31.
Investors follow Berkshire's stock holdings closely to determine what has won or lost Buffett's favor. Smaller equity investments at Berkshire are normally made by Buffett's deputies Todd Combs and Ted Weschler.
(Reporting by Jonathan Stempel in New York; Editing by Phil Berlowitz)
The Ty Pozzobon Foundation aims to ‘protect and support' rodeo competitors in and out of the arena
A foundation honouring the legacy of B.C. bull rider Ty Pozzobon is bringing concussion awareness to the forefront, one year after the star took his own life and shook his community of fans and family.
A post-mortem examination of Pozzobon's brain revealed the 25-year-old from Merritt suffered from chronic traumatic encephalopathy, also known as CTE – a controversial disease often caused by repetitive brain injuries, such as repeated concussions often discussed in contact sports like football and wrestling.
Pozzobon is the only confirmed case of CTE in a proffesional bull rider in North America, and since his death has turned a spotlight on one of the darker components of what's often called the most dangerous sport.
READ MORE: Mother of B.C. bull rider who died warns of implications of concussions
READ MORE: Ty Pozzobon remembered as professional rodeo's ‘brightest star'
The new Ty Pozzobon Foundation, led by Saskatchewan bull rider Tanner Byrne, is looking to raise funds to ensure Canadian Pro Rodeo Sports Medicine teams are at all ProRodeo and PBR events across the country, as well as creating a concussion spotting team to be on site at competitions.
#Bellletstalk today and everyday. You just never know what someone has going on inside of them so Be kind to one another #typozzobonfoundation #tpf #LiveLikeTy @TyPozzobon pic.twitter.com/7OloirUgp4 — Tanner Byrne (@TannerByrne) February 1, 2018
“We knew we wanted to all do something for Ty in his name to make a positive change in our sport,” Byrne said in a news release. “Through Ty's Foundation we can ensure his name, destiny and legacy live on in and out of the arena.”
Byrne, Pozzobon's best friend and spokesperson for the foundation, said the work of the foundation will include educating youth and athletes about the impacts of concussions, including anxiety and depression.
“Ty loved people, this is our way of still doing that for him,” he said.
@ashwadhwani
ashley.wadhwani@bpdigital.ca
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter.
RSMSSB Recruitment 2018 notification to fill 11,255 vacancies for the post of Clerk and Junior Assistant has been released by Rajasthan Subordinate and Ministerial Service Selection Board (RSMSSB) on its official website - rsmssb.rajasthan.gov.in. The application process will begin on 10th May 2018 and interested candidates must apply for the post on or before 8th June 2018 by following the instructions given below:Step 1 – Visit he is official website - http://www.rsmssb.rajasthan.gov.i Step 2 – Click on ‘Recruitment Advertisement' on the left side of Home PageStep 3 – Click On Apply OnlineStep 4 – Fill the application form with the requisite information, pay the application fee and submitStep 5 – Download the confirmation page and take a print out for future referenceUnreserved/ OBC Category - Rs. 450Non Creamy Layer candidates – Rs. 350SC/ ST of Rajasthan – Rs. 250RSMSSB Recruitment 2018 - Vacancy Details:Clerk Grade-II – 338Junior Assistant – 10917The applicant must be Class 12th passed from a recognized Board or its equivalent and should have "0" or Higher Level certificate course conducted by DOEACC under control of the Department of Electronics, Government of India.The applicants must fall in the age bracket of 18 to 40 years as on 1st January 2019. Age relaxation applicable as per current norms of RSMSSB.The candidate will be selected on the basis of a Written test and an Interview.Start date of Submission of Online Application - 10th May 2018Last Date for Submission of Online Application – 8th June 2018Interested candidates can refer to the below mentioned url of Official advertisement to ascertain their eligibility before applying:
Theresa May has called an early general election for June 8 in an announcement which has stunned Westminster.
Explaining her change of heart on an early election, Mrs May said: "I have concluded the only way to guarantee certainty and security for years ahead is to hold this election."
Here is the full text of Prime Minister Theresa May's statement from Downing Street announcing that a general election is to be held on June 8:
"I have just chaired a meeting of the Cabinet, where we agreed that the Government should call a general election, to be held on June 8.
"I want to explain the reasons for that decision, what will happen next and the choice facing the British people when you come to vote in this election.
"Last summer, after the country voted to leave the European Union, Britain needed certainty, stability and strong leadership, and since I became Prime Minister the Government has delivered precisely that.
"Despite predictions of immediate financial and economic danger, since the referendum we have seen consumer confidence remain high, record numbers of jobs, and economic growth that has exceeded all expectations.
"We have also delivered on the mandate that we were handed by the referendum result."
"Britain is leaving the European Union and there can be no turning back. And as we look to the future, the Government has the right plan for negotiating our new relationship with Europe.
"We want a deep and special partnership between a strong and successful European Union and a United Kingdom that is free to chart its own way in the world.
"That means we will regain control of our own money, our own laws and our own borders and we will be free to strike trade deals with old friends and new partners all around the world.
"This is the right approach, and it is in the national interest. But the other political parties oppose it.
"At this moment of enormous national significance there should be unity here in Westminster, but instead there is division.
"The country is coming together, but Westminster is not."
Editors note: As India stands at the cusp of a new era in economic growth, it is time to ask a big question: Can a nation of one billion people build a global tech giant as new frontiers of technology arrive? The answer involves understanding global economic dynamics, innovation, ownership, management, competition, regulation, finance and intellectual property rights. Firstpost will publish a series of stories, beginning today, that will seek to address these issues in a manner that helps entrepreneurs, policymakers and ordinary citizens understand what it takes to reach new highs without losing one's ground in a world where threats are as real as opportunities. Here's the first piece in the series:
Twenty years ago, globalisation was the flavour in India as the country slowly shed its inward-looking Nehruvian Era outlook on the economy. The US was then globalisation's leading evangelist. Things have changed. This season seems to be one in which even technology explosion is viewed with a protectionist mindset. US President Donald Trump has just rejected a bid by Singapore-based Broadcom to acquire wireless chip-maker Qualcomm on grounds of national security because it may slow down 5G technology investments by Qualcomm in the race with China's Huawei.
In India, a video by media entrepreneur Raghav Bahl going viral says policy-makers are half asleep as startups like online retailer Flipkart, Ola Cabs and mobile money leader PayTm are essentially controlled by Chinese entities such as Alibaba and Tencent, New York-based Tiger Global and/or Japan's Softbank because the private equity investors own the stakes that determine voting power – although the smart guys who founded these companies try their best not to be tied down by a dominant investor.
There is a problematic situation because Indian entrepreneurs need capital to build their businesses, and if the colour of money is any indication, defensive policies may be needed to fortify them as they build giant "unicorns" (billion-dollar valuation companies). Options to do this includes China-style regulatory bulwarks and capital controls, separate classes of equity that will offer economic ownership but less voting rights to foreign owners. India can also consider regulatory intervention on senior management appointments (as it has done in the case of media companies in the past).
However, one problem remains: he who pays the piper calls the tune or at least sets the tone. Typically, smart startup founders get rich fast because they get high valuations from venture capital companies that pump in big amounts. But this, in turn, is tied to milestones and/or effective management control. Online retailer Flipkart is going through a not-so-quiet management churn with co-founders Sachin and Binny Bansal for all practical purposes having gone hands-off as Kalyan Krishnamurthy, seen as hedge fund Tiger Global's blue-eyed boy runs day-to-day operations amid an exodus of senior managers of the kind Bansals favoured.
Is this becoming a case of "Our Indians" versus "Their Indians" as the likes of Amazon, Alibaba, Tencent, Facebook and Google hire local talent even as effective control stays in non-Indian hands? It seems so. But it is better to view it as a management issue in the pursuit of profit in which neither the colour of the people nor the colour of money matters.
Deeper questions lurk beyond: Why should be we be nationalist when the world is shrinking? How do we ensure fair competition and effective regulation of competition? What kind of company is truly "Indian" -- is it in control, employment or the creation of intellectual property held by Indian entities?
Let us take two companies: Infosys and Zoho. IT services giant Infosys is considered an Indian company but if you look at the stakes held by foreign institutional investors (FIIs) or overseas entities, it is not even 50% Indian. On the other hand, Chennai-based Zoho, which is not discussed often enough in Indian media, is a world-class cloud-based software product company that sells worldwide to 30 million users and competes with the likes of Microsoft and Oracle. It has intellectual property of the kind India can be proud of and a catchy tagline, “Made In India, Made For the World.” Its CEO sits in the US but most of its 5,000 employees are in Chennai and it has even opened a software centre in rural Tamil Nadu.
Reliance Jio, a new digital age Internet services provider, is Indian in ownership as it is controlled by Reliance Industries Ltd but is not really a global player. Google, Amazon, Facebook and Reliance Jio are all changing the lives of ordinary Indians for the better by empowering them. Or else, they are creating millions of jobs in India for everybody from research scientists to app developers and e-commerce delivery girls.
Should ownership be an issue at all when hundreds of millions of Indians get better lives? Is Digital India about homegrown tech giants or is it about technology-empowered lives in backward districts?
India needs to be a fair player in the world market -- but not a fool. It can and should build its own multinationals. Zomato is one already, even though it is a startup, with a presence in 24 countries. On the other hand, India needs to be on the guard against those who may use financial muscle to stifle competition. Ola and Flipkart moan about the need for a level-playing field and "capital dumping" -- a not-so-discreet potshot at Amazon and Uber, even as Flipkart holds talks to sell stakes to the original American retail giant, Walmart, which wants to charm the Indian market. ANI Technologies, the company that owns Ola Cabs, recently entered the Australian market, even as it takes on Uber in India. Telecom giant Airtel is a big name in Africa, though it faces the biting pressure of Jio in the domestic market.
It is time for us to take stock of technology nationalism so we know the hows and whys of cultural pride on the one hand, and socio-economic welfare and capital efficiency on the other. The answers are not easy. The questions are tantalising and challenging.
The author is a senior journalist. He tweets as @madversity.
Melissa DePape already has tattoos of her daughter's blue eyes on her wrists. Now she has another permanent reminder of Nevaeh: the lucky few tattoos.
“It just represents that we're the lucky few parents that get to have kids with Down syndrome,” said the Morinville, Alta. mother.
The three stacked arrows symbolize the three copies of chromosome 21, which causes the genetic condition. The tattoo is named after a book, The Lucky Few, which spurred a viral #luckyfewtattoo movement in the United States.
Now DePape is hoping Canadian parents and caregivers will get inked on March 21: World Down Syndrome Day.
“I put it out on social media – ‘Is anyone interested?' And everyone was like, ‘Yeah, let's do it!'” DePape said.
WATCH: ‘Everybody has their own beauty' – Aspiring models hope to inspire more inclusive advertising
Lisa St-Onge is one of those moms. She appreciates that the tattoo's arrows point outward to represent a transfer of power from parent to child.
“It's our job to… empower our children… to not direct them in the way that we want to, but just to support them in the ways that they need to be supported,” St-Onge said.
DePape's daughter, Nevaeh, is the best friend of St-Onge's son, Michael. Both nine-year-olds are living with Down syndrome.
The mothers feel their special kids bring out the best in each other – and in their families.
“I think (kids with Down syndrome) bring something to your family and to your household that you maybe didn't realize was missing,” St-Onge said.
“They don't really judge. They don't see the negative things in our world… they kind of only see what's good and amazing,” DePape added.
“That's why we consider us lucky… they teach us more than what we'd ever think a child could teach us.”
The Edmonton lucky few tattoo events is on March 21 at Goodfellas Ink.
Click here to visit the Facebook event page
YANGON: A former military officer ordered the murder of a prominent Myanmar lawyer and adviser to de facto leader Aung San Suu Kyi, the president's office said on Wednesday (Feb 15).
Ko Ni was shot in the head in broad daylight outside Yangon's airport late last month while waiting for a taxi, in a crime that rocked the political establishment.
Suu Kyi's ruling National League for Democracy party branded the killing a political assassination and "terrorist act" against their policies.
Ko Ni was a vocal critic of the army's lingering grip on power under Myanmar's new elected government and an important advocate for the country's embattled Muslims.
He had reportedly been pushing for changes to the constitution that currently guarantees the military a quarter of parliamentary seats and bars Suu Kyi from the presidency.
The gunman, named as Kyi Lin, was arrested at the airport after also fatally shooting a taxi driver who tried to stop him escaping.
After a series of leaks and conflicting comments from police, state media confirmed days later they had also arrested "alleged conspirator" Aung Win Zaw in the southern state of Karen.
Myanmar's presidency said police and military intelligence are now hunting his brother, former Lieutenant Colonel Aung Win Khaing, who originally ordered the killing.
"According to interrogations of culprit Aung Win Zaw... his younger brother Aung Win Khaing asked him to assassinate U (honorific) Ko Ni in July 2016," the office said in a statement.
"Around August-September 2016, Kyi Lin went to him and asked for a job. He offered Kyi Lin 800 to 1,000 lakhs kyat (US$58,000-US$73,000) to kill Ko Ni."
Police have identified Aung Win Khaing from CCTV images at the airport, which show him asking for flight arrival times before Ko Ni was shot.
They gave no reason why the former army officer, whom the statement said had voluntarily retired in 2014, ordered the murder.
Princess Kate and Prince William welcomed their latest addition yesterday — a sweet baby boy. With the birth of the newest royal baby comes the inevitable onset of royal baby fever. I mean, it's hard to not get sucked in. Those kids are awfully cute and their little royal lifestyles are definitely intriguing. From their wardrobes, to backpacks, to shoes, the public loves a peek into royal life and a chance to outfit their own kids as the Prince and Princess choose to. So if you're wondering where to buy a stroller like Kate Middleton, you're definitely not the only one. The newest prince will likely ride the same carriage as his older brother and sister: the Silver Cross Balmoral pram.
According to Architectural Digest, the Silver Cross Balmoral pram has been the buggy of choice of the royal family since 1926. The pram, which is just another name for a bassinet-type stroller for young infants, is known for its high-end design, high-end details, and high-end price tag. Silver Cross touts themselves as the creators of the world's first baby carriage, and the style of the pram hasn't changed much since the company's inception in 1877, Architectural Digest noted. Queen Elizabeth II was actually the first baby to be pushed around in the Silver Cross pram, and then she pushed her own children in the same one. The carriage was also used by royal moms Princess Beatrice, Princess Diana, and now Princess Kate.
Chris Jackson/Getty Images Entertainment/Getty Images
The pram is available to anyone willing to pay the hefty price tag — about $2,300, according to Town & Country. But what if you've got royal taste on a not-so-royal budget? Well, to be totally honest, a pram isn't the most practical piece of baby gear if you're living a typical, non-royal lifestyle. They don't fold up or transport well, they're pretty spendy, and they don't serve much purpose after your little one is able to sit up.
But, if you've got your heart set on a pram (and there's nothing wrong with that), here are some options from classic to practical, all less than the cost of the royal pram.
1 Inglesina Classica Pram Amazon Inglesina Classica Pram, $1500, Amazon This is basically a Silver Cross doppleganger — the sleek, classic look, muted colors, and high-end appearance (and price) all scream royal. If you've got the cash for a pram (or are expecting a big gift), but not enough for a Silver Cross, this might be your best pram option.
2 Silver Cross Wave Silver Cross Wave Stroller, $1300, Silver Cross If you fancy the Silver Cross brand but want an option that doesn't include the Balmoral pram price tag, check out the Wave. This stroller has the same sleek, classic design you'd expect from Silver Cross, but is definitely a more practical option for most people. It even eventually converts to a stacked-double stroller with a variety of seating options should you decide to later add another child to your family.
3 Roan Kortina Classic Pram Amazon Roan Kortina Classic Prams, $560, Amazon This stroller has a classic pram look for when your baby is an infant, and then converts to a stroller more practical for toddler use. The look is classy and high-end, but it's much more affordable for everyday use.
4 Joolz Geo2 Buy Buy Baby Joolz Geo2 Earth Complete Stroller, $1000, Buy Buy Baby There's no doubting the luxurious look of this stroller — it's impeccably designed, and known for its ease of use, maneuverability, and comfort. Your little tot is sure to sit pretty in this sweet bassinet-style stroller (which does come with a toddler seat to convert later on).
Wiles, 25, is the third U.S. Alpine skier to suffer a serious injury in recent weeks. Travis Ganong, the only U.S. man to win a World Cup Alpine event in the last two years, tore his right ACL on Dec. 28. Fellow speed specialist Steven Nyman, expected to make his fourth Olympic team, tore his right ACL last month.
Far from his native Uzbekistan, labour migrant Rustam Mustafakulov has found a second home in the World Cup host city of St Petersburg, playing soccer with other immigrants from Mali to Turkmenistan.
ST PETERSBURG, Russia: Far from his native Uzbekistan, labour migrant Rustam Mustafakulov has found a second home in the World Cup host city of St Petersburg, playing soccer with other immigrants from Mali to Turkmenistan.
The 34-year-old window cleaner plays for FC Maxima, an amateur soccer team set up specially to help immigrants settle in the northern Russian city. He says the regular sport and close camaraderie keep him going.
Advertisement
"We have been playing together for so many years, we've all become friends," said Mustafakulov who played professional football in his native Uzbekistan.
Maxima, which also comprises players from Egypt, Cameroon, Armenia and Egypt, was formed in 2007 in St Petersburg, one of 11 Russian cities hosting the FIFA World Cup that kicks off next month.
Mustafakulov says life in Russia has not always been easy, and that some locals have made comments about his nationality and accused him of taking jobs that should go to Russians.
The team's Turkmen founder and coach, Bakhtiyar Yusupov, said he set up the team to make players "feel at home, regardless of their social status".
Advertisement
Advertisement
"(They) are all equal on the pitch," he said.
Maxima has taken part in St Petersburg's city championships, a competition for amateur soccer players, finishing fourth in 2017.
Some of the players are hoping to use the team as a launch pad to higher tier football.
Mohammed Hafez who moved to Russia after meeting his now-wife Natalia at a beach resort in his native Egypt is hoping to get talent-spotted by scouts.
The 27-year-old is hoping to emulate the rise to fame of Egyptian Liverpool striker Mohamed Salah.
"This is my dream, to play, and I will not give up, God willing I will make this come true," Hafez said.
In Russia, migrant workers often carry out poorly paid menial work, and according to human rights groups are subject to frequent document checks by police and suffer racist discrimination.
Russian authorities deny migrants are mistreated and say document checks are required for national security.
(Writing by Tom Balmforth; Editing by Alison Williams)
Benje Choucroun turned up at the White House briefing on Wednesday, catching everyone's attention when he asked Press Secretary Sarah Sanders about school shootings.
"At my school, we recently had a lockdown drill," Choucron, 13, said, reading from a piece of paper. "One thing that affects mine and others' mental health is the worry that we or our friends could get shot at school."
Choucron, a student at Marin Country Day School in California, continued: "Specifically, can you tell me what the administration has done and will do to prevent these senseless tragedies?"
Sanders appeared to tear up during her response.
There's a kid at today's White House press briefing. He just asked Sarah Sanders about school shootings and safety https://t.co/PrmyAzaik0 — Meg Wagner (@megwagner) May 30, 2018
"I think that as a kid and certainly as a parent, there is nothing more terrifying than for a kid to go to school and not feel safe, so I'm sorry that you feel that way," she said. "This administration takes it seriously and the school safety commission that the president convened is meeting this week, again, an official meeting, to discuss the best ways forward and how we can do every single thing within our power to protect kids within our schools and to make them feel safe and to make their parents feel good about dropping them off."
Choucroun is in town covering the White House Sports and Fitness Day for Time for Kids magazine.
© 2018 USATODAY.COM
Nurses have been physically attacked and overworked – that's the message the Nova Scotia Nurses' Union (NSNU) wants the provincial and federal governments to hear loud and clear.
The NSNU's Annual General Meeting is happening this week in Truro where Health Minister Randy Delorey heard such concerns firsthand and took questions from health-care workers.
WATCH: Violence against nurses addressed in new workplace strategy
Union President Janet Hazelton began Tuesday's proceedings speaking to the over 250-person crowd about the difficulties associated with nursing. Hazelton indicated in decades past, nurses were struck on a regular basis without thought of reporting such instances.
Although the violence remains an all-too-common aspect of the job, health officials are urging their governments to put the proper supports in place to decrease it from happening.
Hazelton says she had a chance to speak to Prime Minister Justin Trudeau over the weekend about the need for legislation to protect nurses from workplace violence. “They need to know what's going to happen to them if they hit a nurse or another health care worker.” pic.twitter.com/EppDkYFHUI Story continues below — Jeremy Keefe (@Jeremy_Keefe) April 24, 2018
“In Canada there's a federal law, aggravated criminal assault, so it's not just assault. It's aggravated assault, and it pertains to transit workers and police officers,” Hazelton explained. “So if you strike a transit worker or a police officer, it's a different criminal charge.”
“We need to consider it for health-care workers.”
Over the weekend, the NSNU president had a quick encounter with Prime Minister Justin Trudeau and addressed the issue. She said after mentioning the addition of transit drivers to the law, Trudeau said it was an amendment they were proud to introduce.
Hazelton believes similar success could be seen in the sector she represents, as well.
“It has decreased the incidences with transit drivers and police officers, so one would think it would work just as effectively when you strike a nurse or another health-care worker.”
“There needs to be a more serious charge than just assault,” Hazelton said.
Nova Scotia Health and Wellness Minister Randy Delorey took questions from those in attendance, discussing issues such as paid plasma clinics and the need for more nurses and health professionals working in the province.
READ MORE: Advocacy group presses N.S. government to ban private plasma companies
Delorey said engaging with those in the field is vital to success and something he will be taking a hands-on approach with.
“President Janet Hazelton has offered to ensure that I do get some face time with front line nurses and I look forward to that. To hear from them, to help have that balance making decisions going forward,” he explained. “We bring all of the information together to say, ‘O.K., how can we ensure that we've got the right mix of professionals performing the right tasks in the right locations at the right time to ensure we get the best health-care system we can for Nova Scotians?'”
Making changes to the system is a necessary piece of the tackling the health-care puzzle properly. It's a challenge that's only getting worse as time goes on.
“We really haven't seen any significant changes in the staffing levels of long-term care, but we have seen significant difference in our residents,” Hazelton explained. “Our residents are older and sicker and require more nursing care, and we haven't addressed that as a province.”
The NSNU AGM continues throughout the week.
Follow @Jeremy_Keefe
Freeland, Swan Valley split in huge TVC Central showdown
FREELAND — Freeland softball coach Mike Beyer figures this is his team's year to win the Tri-Valley Conference Central championship and make a deep postseason run. But perennial power Swan Valley isn't about to make things easy for the Falcons.
The visiting Vikings rallied in the seventh inning of Tuesday's opener for a dramatic 3-2 win before Freeland answered with a 6-2 victory in the nightcap to salvage a split and keep both teams in the thick of the TVC Central chase.
"It was awesome, especially after last year when we lost both (games to Swan Valley)," said Freeland sophomore pitcher Cat Talaga. "To come back (and win the second game) like this is great. It felt good."
Beyer, who has a lineup full of talented and experienced players, was less enthusiastic about the split.
"I expect big things from these guys," he said of his team. "We refer to this year as 'moving year' for us. ... I really think we need to take a big stride forward in where we finish in our conference and where we finish in the state tournament.
"We expect a lot of things from this group," he added. "Hopefully, they can continue to build and make a little run (in the postseason)."
Following the split, Freeland stands at 7-3 overall and 3-1 in the TVC Central, while Swan Valley moves to 12-3, 3-1.
Considering that his team has seven new starters, Vikings' coach Tom Kennelly seemed satisfied with splitting, noting that the Falcons are probably the team to beat in the conference.
"They've been at this for a while," Kennelly said with a smile about Freeland's experienced core group. "This is their 'anointed group.'"
Both teams squandered an early opportunity to score in game one before the Vikings made it 1-0 with an unearned run in the top of the third. The Falcons came right back in the bottom half of the inning, scoring twice on a solid single by Cam Coonan, an RBI double by Lily Beyer, and an RBI single by Morgan Leuenberger for a 2-1 lead.
Talaga and Swan Valley pitcher Callie Burgess cruised through the next three innings before the Vikings mounted their game-winning rally in the top of the seventh. Following back-to-back infield singles by Kalynn Gulliver and Emma Bierlein and a fielder's choice, Ali Fuller rifled a two-run double to the left-centerfield gap to give Swan Valley a 3-2 edge.
Burgess then retired the side in the bottom of the inning to end it.
"Truly, we walked in here thinking that we were the better team," Mike Beyer admitted. "And, unfortunately, we let them make a play at the end and didn't do what we needed to do to close it out."
Burgess got the complete-game win, giving up six hits and a walk and striking out six, while Talaga took the complete-game loss, surrendering two earned runs on six hits with no walks and six strikeouts.
Taylor Bakos was 2-for-3 for Freeland and was the only batter for either team with multiple hits.
Swan Valley carried that momentum over into the second game, taking a quick 2-0 lead on Gulliver's two-run single in the bottom of the first. This time, however, it was Freeland's turn to mount a comeback.
After the Falcons left a runner at third in each of the first two innings, they broke through in the third, plating three runs on Leuenberger's two-run double followed by Talaga's sacrifice fly for a 3-2 lead. Coonan added a two-run double in the fourth, and Bakos chipped in an RBI single in the seventh to extend to a 6-2 advantage.
Swan Valley, which stranded seven runners in the game, including five in scoring position, went down in order in the bottom of the seventh.
"We had our chances (with runners) in scoring position if we could've just got a (timely) hit. But I thought the difference was that they made more plays (defensively) than we did," said Kennelly, whose Vikings surrendered five unearned runs on four errors in the nightcap.
Talaga earned the win, going all seven innings and allowing one earned run on seven hits and three walks. Burgess took the loss, also going the distance and giving up one earned run on eight hits with five strikeouts.
Coonan was 3-for-4 for Freeland, while Bakos was 2-for-3. Fuller was 2-for-3 with a double for Swan Valley, while Bierlein also doubled.
Though not satisfied with a split, Mike Beyer was pleased with how his team responded to losing game one and then falling behind early in game two.
"We thought we let that first one get away, so we had a little extra drive going into that second game," he said. " ... They could've very easily gotten down on themselves and not come back with energy, but they stayed up ... and, ultimately, were able to play their game."
The Falcons will host Bay City Central on Thursday.
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
COURTESY OF EAST STROUDSBURG UNIVERSITY East Stroudsburg's Rasheed Moore averaged 18.6 points per game and seven rebounds per game as a senior. COURTESY OF EAST STROUDSBURG UNIVERSITY East Stroudsburg's Rasheed Moore averaged 18.6 points per game as a senior.
Before continuing his basketball career at East Stroudsburg, Rasheed Moore of Meyers had been fully aware of what was ahead at the Division II college level.
“In college,” he said in his 2013 Citizens' Voice Player of the Year interview, “everyone has the same ability as you or they are better than you.”
Listed at 6-foot-6, 235 pounds, Moore used his abilities as well as anyone in the next four years, dominating the college ranks like he had done in high school.
There's seemingly only one basketball frontier he's yet to conquer, and Moore will soon try his hand at that, too.
On Monday, Moore signed a one-year contract to play professional basketball for Aris BC of the Greek Basket League.
“It's huge,” Moore said in a phone interview after class Monday. “As a little kid, I always grew up wanting to be a pro basketball player. My aunt even said, ‘At age 3, all you said you wanted to do was grow up and be a pro basketball player.' So I'm still kind of in disbelief that it's finally coming through at age 21, about to be 22. I'm so grateful that I get the opportunity to go and make my dream a reality.”
In terms of basketball overseas in Greece, this is a high-profile team in the country's highest-profile league. Aris BC — also known as Aris Thessaloniki — first reached out to Moore early last week, according to Moore, who said the team discovered him after finding some film on YouTube.
Moore does have quite the highlight reel from his four years at East Stroudsburg, where he scored 1,677 points with 775 rebounds — each good for fourth all-time in program history.
“I knew I just wasn't ready to stop playing basketball yet,” said Moore, whose Warriors posted an 88-30 record the last four years.
After being offered a deal, Moore hired an agent Wednesday to verify it was a good contract, which he signed Monday at a coach's office on campus.
“This opportunity was just too good to pass on, so I had to take the offer,” Moore said.
Moore played forward in college, and said Aris BC was looking at using him in the same capacity.
Regardless, versatility is one of Moore's greatest gifts, as East Stroudsburg's four-out, one-in schemes gave Moore plenty of experience playing as a wing.
Aris BC has won 10 Greek League championships, its most recent coming in 1991.
“ARIS, the team with the yellow jersey and the God of war on the chest,” reads the history section of Aris BC's team website. “ARIS, the group that brought the modern basketball in Greece and riveted all Greek fans in front of their TV screens. ARIS, the ‘Emperor' of Greek basketball and the best team of the 20th century in all sports, as voted.”
Aris BC finished this regular season with a 15-11 record. With 14 teams in the league, it earned the No. 4 seed in the Greek Basket League playoffs, which begin this week. The season starts in October.
This year's star for Aris BC has been former Temple and NBA D-League guard Will Cummings, who leads the team in points (14.7) and assists (3.3) per game. Former Cincinnati Bearcat Justin Jackson is also on the team, though most players on the roster are from Greece and did not play college basketball in the United States.
Moore will report to the team in June for a 10-day workout period, after which — as long as everything goes as planned — the Wilkes-Barre native's one-year deal is guaranteed.
mbufano@citizensvoice.com
570-821-2060, @CVBufano
Expressing disappointment over the US government's proposals to tighten H1-B visa norms, Union Minister Suresh Prabhu on Tuesday said he would take up the matter with the Trump administration."We are very disappointed by some of the actions by the US administration," the commerce and industry minister told reporters here.The H-1B visa is a non-immigrant visa that allows US companies to employ foreign workers in specialty occupations that require theoretical or technical expertise. The technology companies depend on it to hire tens of thousands of employees each year from countries like India and China.Prabhu said under the visas issued to the technology service providers, there is evidence that Indians have contributed significantly to the growth of the US economy. Indian companies' investment into the US has created newI jobs in America, he said, adding that if spouses of the Indian IT professionals are competent and qualified, they will only add value to the economy there and not snatch jobs of local people.The Trump administration is planning to end giving work permits to the spouses of H1-B visa holders to work legally in the US, a move that could have a devastating impact on tens of thousands of Indians."This is a very disappointing development. We have already taken up the issue with the US. We hope to take it forward by other negotiations," Prabhu added.
U.S. stock index futures rose on Wednesday, suggesting a respite from a steep selloff that had pushed the S&P and the Dow Jones Industrial Average to their worst day in a month due to a political crisis in Italy.
NEW YORK: U.S. stocks rose on Wednesday, with the S&P 500 set to erase all its losses from Tuesday as signs of easing political turmoil in Italy emerged.
Italy's 5-Star Movement party made a renewed attempt to form a coalition government and called for eurosceptic economist Paolo Savona to withdraw his candidacy as economy minister.
Advertisement
The Italian government's successful auction of five- and 10-year bonds also assuaged concerns about the country's ability to finance itself after a sell-off in Italian bonds on Tuesday resulted in the biggest one-day surge for two-year yields in 26 years.
Fears about instability in Italy had sent investors scurrying to safety assets on Tuesday. U.S. stocks took a beating, with the S&P 500 posting its first 1 percent drop in May, while the U.S. Treasury market had its best day since at least July 2011.
"The market is reversing what appears to be a knee-jerk reaction from yesterday," said Keith Lerner, chief market strategist at SunTrust Advisory Services in Atlanta. "As people take a step back, it appears that the sell-off was overdone."
The Dow Jones Industrial Average rose 302.45 points, or 1.24 percent, to 24,663.9, the S&P 500 gained 34.81 points, or 1.29 percent, to 2,724.67 and the Nasdaq Composite added 69.01 points, or 0.93 percent, to 7,465.61.
Advertisement
Advertisement
The Russell 2000 index of small-cap stocks hit an all-time high during Wednesday's session, buoyed by data confirming the strength of the U.S. economy. Small-cap U.S. companies generally have less international exposure than their large-cap counterparts.
Payroll processor ADP's monthly report showed U.S. private sector payrolls increased by 178,000 jobs in May. The Commerce Department revised its estimate of first-quarter gross domestic product growth slightly downward but estimated that U.S. GDP growth in the second quarter would rise above 3 percent annually.
The S&P energy index jumped 3.2 percent and was on track for its biggest one-day gain in seven weeks.
Energy shares, which provided the biggest boost to the S&P 500, benefited from a 2.2-percent surge in U.S. crude oil prices.
sentifi.com Channel NewsAsia - Sentifi topic widget
Cloud-based business software maker Salesforce.com rose 2.1 percent and computer and printer maker HP Inc jumped 4.2 percent after both companies raised their full-year profit forecasts.
Advancing issues outnumbered declining ones on the NYSE by a 4.48-to-1 ratio; on Nasdaq, a 2.78-to-1 ratio favored advancers.
The S&P 500 posted 28 new 52-week highs and two new lows; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 193 new highs and 28 new lows.
(Additional reporting by Medha Singh in Bengaluru; Editing by Arun Koyyur and James Dalgleish)
MONACO: Leicester City manager Claudio Ranieri said on Tuesday he was not unsettled by speculation about his future as the Premier League champions slip towards the relegation zone.
Leicester have struggled to find the form that defied all odds and propelled them to the title last season, but the Italian said he was still leading a united dressing room.
"For me it (the speculation) was nothing because every week I speak with my owner and we have a very good relationship. When something goes wrong the media try to understand why," he told Reuters at the Laureus World Sports Awards in Monaco.
Leicester gave Ranieri a massive vote of confidence last week, saying the experienced Italian would be given the chance to turn things around at the struggling Midlands club.
“There was so much speculation that the chairman (Vichai Srivaddhanaprabha) said: ‘OK Claudio, I will tell them something and we stop all of this speculation'.
“We believe. In this moment we lack confidence but you can get confidence only if you win and play well and we're not in this case.
“But my dressing room is very united and I am very confident in all of my players.
Leicester were presented with the Spirit of Sport award, after winning their first top-flight title, having also been nominated for the World Breakthrough of the Year award won by retiring German Formula 1 champion Nico Rosberg.
However, Ranieri's side have yet to score a league goal in 2017 and sit just one point above the relegation zone. In a bid to beat the drop, the 65-year-old has come down hard on the squad this week and scrapped their scheduled rest day.
Leicester suffered a 2-0 defeat at fellow strugglers Swansea City on Sunday, making it five league losses in a row, a result which has left Ranieri questioning his loyal team selection.
Determined to guide the club to safety, the former Chelsea, Juventus and ASD Monaco manager said: “What we did last season, we can do the same - not win the title because now we are in a bad position, but I said to them (the players), ‘If we did so well last season then we have to maintain the right balance'.
“We have to be strong to remember what we did last season to make a good balance and improve our confidence.
“When you lose a lot of matches, you also lose your confidence. For this reason I am pushing them.”
Leicester gets a break from their Premier League worries when they visit third-tier Millwall in the FA Cup fifth round on Saturday before travelling to face Seville in the first leg of their last 16 Champions League tie next Wednesday.
(Editing by Ken Ferris)
UPDATE: Organisers made a tough decision to officially cancel the VOC Summer Festival 2017, due to the gale force winds that have wrecked havoc in the Mother City. The festival, which was meant to take place at Vygieskraal stadium in Athlone this weekend, was hampered by strong, gusty winds since Saturday morning. The festival convening team said they were advised by the Venue Operations Centre that the festival could not continue due to damage caused by the wind overnight. Upon inspection on Sunday morning, it was found that the tea garden marquee had dislodged and parts of the stadium roof blew off overnight. For the safety of the public, organizers have decided to call off all activities at the stadium. Assessments are being conducted by disaster management officials.
“Public safety is of utmost priority. The wind is not in our control. We wanted to have a magnificent festival but Allah SWT has other plans,” said Rashaad Frydie, head of the festival convening team during the announcement live on air on Sunday.
Festival convenor Gasant Fridie apologised to vendors, exhibitors and sponsors who are an instrumental part of the festival. The team is expected to meet with all stall-holders on Sunday morning to discuss the way forward.
“We humbly apologise to all role-players for the cancellation. At the same time, we say thank you to them for their patience and understanding during this challenging time.”
The festival convening team made a call to close the festival by 5pm on Saturday due to the increase in wind speed. Earlier in the day, a beam from the tea garden marquee had narrowly missed two women who were inside the tent. In addition, the corporate exhibition had to be closed, due to the potential risks for festival-goers visiting the marquee.
Since Saturday morning, the festival convening team had been in consultations with the venue operations officials and disaster management teams to monitor the situation on an hourly basis. According to wind readings, the wind speed had increased throughout the day.
For festival-goers who had been eagerly waiting for the annual tea-garden breakfast, organisers will postpone the event. Given that tickets for the breakfast were pre-sold, the festival convening team said they would not disappoint the festival-goers. An announcement on the venue and date will be made in due course.
Meanwhile, the tea garden cake sale will go ahead today. Coordinator Achmat Jacobs said due to the effort put in by the volunteers in acquiring the cakes and savouries, the cake sale will take place at 18 Denton Road in Kenwyn. The public is urged to support the cake sale.
To accommodate those who bought tickets to the cancelled VOC breakfast this morning, the convening team have managed to secure an alternative venue. Jacobs said the event will now take place at Ghousia Manzil hall in Rylands Estate this Tuesday at 6.30pm and will be a supper. The event is open to all festival-goers who bought tickets for the breakfast. The Legend Tours Turkey competition draw will take place at the event. VOC
Comments
comments
There's still nothing official from the Maple Leafs, but a deal to put an ECHL team in St. John's, NL, is moving ahead.
The ECHL, a notch below the American Hockey League and where Toronto currently has a team in Orlando, Fla., called the Solar Bears, has confirmed it will have a club in St. John's next season. News outlets in the province has said a tentative agreement is in place with Maple Leaf Sports and Entertainment, but no one with the latter has yet to comment, likely because the ECHL still has to deal with realignment and a new unaffiliated team in Portland, Maine, that would be the big rival to St. John's.
The Leafs, who operated an AHL team on The Rock for 14 years before moving it to their backyard at Ricoh Coliseum, broke a lot of hearts when they departed in 2005. The Montreal Canadiens had a St. John's team as well.
The St. John's Telegram says a move back would likely be the forerunner to a Leafs training camp at Mile One Centre in 2019 or later and that the Leafs would utilize the team much more than Orlando, sending everyone from prospects to assistant coaches to medical and support staff to the city as an NHL training ground. The current coach of the Solar Bears is former Leafs defenceman Drake Berehowsky.
THE BIGGER THEY ARE …
After two games they were expected to win against playoff outcasts Montreal and Buffalo, the Leafs have to tackle two division leaders this week, Tampa Bay and Nashville. It represents Toronto's last long road trip on the regular-season schedule.
“It's going to be tough, but we're not going to complain,” centre Nazem Kadri said of the chance to meet playoff-calibre competition. “We'll do our homework.”
Kadri said the Leafs should not get too carried away in looking at February wins over the Lightning and Predators, with the Bolts winning in extra time in a rematch not long after.
“As the year goes on, things start to happen and teams start to develop,” Kadri warned. “It's not like we're not looking back at those (wins) because a lot of things do change in those stretches. It's going to take some quality hockey to beat them.”
MATTHEWS AND WESTBROOK
Auston Matthews spent Sunday afternoon at centre court watching the Raptors play the Oklahoma City Thunder and one of his favourite visiting NBA players, Thunder guard Russell Westbrook.
“It was awesome. I had never experienced a basketball game from there before,” Matthews said. “It's obviously pretty physical and I saw a pretty fun game, down to the wire (a 132-125 win for OKC).
“I was a big OKC fan when they moved from Seattle. I like (Kevin) Durant, Westbrook and (James) Harden. I just think Westbrook is a very unique guy, a lot of passion, a unique personality, a pretty special player.”
LOOSE LEAFS
Leafs goaltender Curtis McElhinney was named the NHL's Third Star of the week after recording three wins and a 1.57 GAA … The Leafs are listed with an average of 34.1 shots against per game, currently the most of any team with a playoff spot secure … Goaltender Garret Sparks, who was returned to the Marlies on Monday, likely will play Tuesday at Ricoh when the farm team plays host to Wilkes-Barre Scranton … Andreas Johnsson's recall to the Leafs leaves captain Ben Smith the active team scoring leader on the Marlies with 50 points.
LHornby@postmedia.com
For the second time this month, Surrey Creep Catcher, a group that claims to expose people they allege are child sexual predators, was seen using force during one of its stings.
The controversial group posted a video to its Facebook page Monday after a confrontation at Surrey's Central City Shopping Centre.
The group accused the man of arranging to meet a 13-year-old girl there.
The video showed Creep Catcher president Ryan LaForge and another member of the group pull the man through the mall by the jacket then corner him against a wall outside.
LaForge was spotted being questioned by Mounties after RCMP arrived.
“It is what it is,” LaForge told Global News on Monday night. “Elderly men coming to have sexual encounters with small children, we're going to get them arrested, and when they want to flee we're going to hold onto them and detain them under the Citizen's Arrest Act.”
Earlier this month, LaForge was taken into custody after a sting at the same mall saw him shove a man who was the target of a Creep Catcher sting. The target was later charged with child luring.
WATCH: Surrey Creep Catcher in the news again
Creep Catchers is a loose collection of organizations across Canada whose members claim to expose people they allege are child sexual predators by posing online as minors before meeting in person to film and berate their targets.
The group claims to have outed several people, including a Surrey RCMP officer and a Mission elementary school principal.
Law enforcement officials across Canada have repeatedly expressed concern about the groups, warning the public that confronting alleged child predators could put people in danger and compromise police investigations.
Surrey RCMP have yet to comment about Monday's incident.
— With files from The Canadian Press
Nigeria Hockey Federation (NHF) has assured that the country hockey contingent to African Youth Games (AYG), to be hosted by Algeria, would do their best to make Nigeria proud.
Fatai Atanda, a member of technical committee of the Federation, made the promise in an interview with the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) in Abuja.
He said that with the young and capable players in both the male and female teams, success was in sight.
“Our players are determined and passionate to bring good results, especially our male team.
“They are the current West African champions and am sure that they would like to be African champions,” Atanda said.
The member, however, called for adequate funding of hockey in Nigeria, noting that the current Nigeria Hockey team was promising and capable of being the future national team.
Contributing in a separate interview with NAN, Baba Ndana, Coach of the male national team, said the players were technically fit for the game.
Ndana also affirmed the willingness of his players to qualify for the global hockey tournament coming up in Argentina next year.
He thanked the Ministry of Sports for support but said that more was needed to be done.
Nigeria is one of the participating countries in the African Youth Games (AYG) which kicks-off June 18 in Algeria.
Police are asking for help to find a Willimantic woman who has been missing since Sunday night.
A Silver Alert has been issued for 45-year-old Maria Bustamante-Fernandez. Police said she was last seen around 7:30 p.m. Sunday and might be driving a 2004 Honda Accord with Connecticut license plates 688-TKW.
Police said they have no leads on where she is and they are asking anyone with information to call your local police department or the state police as soon as possible.
“Fallout 76” is the next entry in the post-apocalyptic role-playing game franchise, publisher Bethesda announced Wednesday.
A brief teaser trailer shows a pretty cozy fallout shelter filled with toys, outstanding achievement awards, washing machines, and other amenities. A version of John Denver's “Take Me Home Country Roads” scores the footage, which may be a clue about where this game takes place. Previous games were set in southern California, Las Vegas, Washington D.C., and Boston.
Vault 76 was briefly mentioned in “Fallout 3” and “Fallout 4,” according to the Fallout Wikia. It's a control vault, meaning it was used as a baseline to experimental vaults, and it has 500 occupants. It was designed to open 20 years after a nuclear war.
The reveal followed a day-long tease on Twitch where Bethesda streamed a Pip-Boy bobblehead, blue and yellow balloons, and more to an audience of over 100,000 fans.
The “Fallout” series debuted in the late 1990s. Each game in a different part of the U.S. years after a nuclear explosion. The franchise is notable for its retro-futuristic art style influenced by post-war 1950s America. “Fallout 4,” the last game in the series, came out in November 2015 and sold an estimated 12 million copies in its first 24 hours.
“Fallout 76” is expected to launch on PlayStation 4, Xbox One, and Windows PC. Bethesda will talk more about the game during its E3 showcase on June 10 at 6:30 p.m. PT.
There are few names that carry so much weight as Toyota Supra for those brought up during the model line's 80s and 90s heyday. Now Toyota's plan to resurrect the name involves BMW which it will share in the development and produce its new Z4 on the same platform.
To be built alongside the upcoming Z4 roadster, the new Toyota Supra will not only share a front engined, rear-wheel drive platform, but will likely also use a cross-section of BMW power units according to new leaked internal BMW documentation. Expected engine options include two 2-litre turbocharged four-cylinders and a 3-litre turbocharged straight-six, all exclusively paired to an automatic gearbox.
If you create an additional, secure APFS container on an existing APFS drive using Disk Utility, and set a password hint, there's a bug that will show your actual password instead. But a fix is already on its way.
Apple has just pushed out a macOS High Sierra Supplemental Update to fix an issue with Disk Utility, APFS encrypted containers, and password hints.
From Matheus Mariano:
This week, Apple released the new macOS High Sierra with the new file system called APFS (Apple File System). It wasn't long before I encountered issues with this update. Not a simple issue, but a potential vulnerability.
The issue, as best as I understand it, was as follows:
If you have an APFS formatted SSD drive and: You create a new container on that drive using the Disk Utilities GUI and: You make it an encrypted container and: You add a password hint for the container
Then the GUI would mix up the fields and store the container password in the plain-text password hint field and display the password as the hint whenever you re-mount the container.
If you didn't use the Disk Utility GUI and created the container through Terminal, or if you used the Disk Utility GUI but didn't set a password hint, you wouldn't be affected by the bug.
Tried myself & it's true: #HighSierra shows the #APFS volume password as hint. Persist reboots, not stored in keychain. Wow. Just wow. pic.twitter.com/FkcHI9KHl9 — Felix Schwarz (@felix_schwarz) October 5, 2017
As bugs go, it was super dumb. But Mariano had already reported it to Apple, and Apple is already deploying a fix.
The number of people affected — those with physical access to a device with an existing APFS container that also has an additional, encrypted APFS container who wouldn't also have the password to that container — is probably tiny. Still, Apple has provided the following instructions for how to roll back even under those circumstances:
Install the macOS High Sierra 10.13 Supplemental Update from the App Store updates page. Create an encrypted backup of the affected encrypted APFS volume. Open Disk Utility and select the affected encrypted APFS volume in the sidebar. Click Unmount to unmount the volume. Click Erase. When asked, type a name for the volume in the Name field. Change Format to APFS. Then change Format again to APFS (Encrypted). Enter a new password in the dialog. Enter it again to verify the password, and if you'd like to, provide a hint for the encrypted APFS volume. Click Choose. Click Erase. You can see the progress of the Erase process. Click Done when the process is complete. Restore the data that you backed up in Step 1 to the new encrypted APFS volume that you just created.
The macOS High Sierra 10.13 Supplemental Update should be live by the time you read this, and you can access and update to it via the Mac App Store.
Also note, if you used the same password for your encrypted APFS container as any other accounts (for example, your Mac user account), change those accounts. Better safe than sorry.
SEOUL: The two Koreas on Wednesday (Jul 4) held a friendly basketball match in Pyongyang in the latest effort at sports diplomacy between the neighbours.
A group of 50 male and female players from the South arrived in the North's capital on Tuesday for four rounds of friendlies on Wednesday and Thursday - agreed at the inter-Korea summit held in April.
Advertisement
The South's delegation was led by Unification Minister Cho Myoung-gyon, in the first visit by a Seoul official since the landmark summit between North Korean leader Kim Jong-un and US President Donald Trump.
Cho's visit will overlap with a trip to Pyongyang by US Secretary of State Mike Pompeo, who is tasked with fleshing out details for the denuclearisation deal between Kim and Trump.
It was unclear whether Cho would meet with Kim or Pompeo, the unification ministry said.
For Wednesday's two rounds of "mixed" matches for women and men, each team was comprised of both South and North Korean athletes.
Advertisement
Advertisement
Cho and his North Korean counterpart Ri Son Gwon watched the women's match that started at around 3:30pm (0630 GMT) at the 12,000-seat Ryugyong Chung Ju-Yung Gymnasium, pool reports said.
Basketball is Kim's favourite sport but he has not made an appearance so far, they added.
Sporting cooperation helped spark the current diplomatic thaw between the two Koreas - which are still technically at war - after the North sent a high-level delegation and athletes to the Winter Olympics held in the South in February.
The two Koreas also recently announced they would field joint teams in three sports - canoeing, rowing and women's basketball - at the upcoming Asian Games.
Kim - who has met former Chicago Bull Dennis Rodman several times in Pyongyang - expressed his enthusiasm for basketball exchanges at a landmark summit with the South's leader Moon Jae-in in April.
The last basketball friendly took place in 2003 in Pyongyang when a gym bankrolled by the South's Hyundai business group opened in the North's capital.
In that match, North Korea, led by Ri Myong Hun - who, at 235 centimetres (7 feet 8.5 inches) was described as the world's tallest player - routed South Korea 86-57.
South Korea's Hur Jae, who captained his side during the defeat, is now returning to Pyongyang as a coach.
The management of the University of Calabar on Monday said it has deployed security around and within the institution over the killing of two students by gunmen in a suspected renewed wave of cult clashes on campus.
Following the development, 11 suspected cultists have been arrested and handed over to the anti-cultism and kidnap unit of the Cross River State Police Command in Calabar.
Vice-Chancellor of UNICAL, Prof. Zana Akpagu, in a statement issued through the Registrar, Mr. Moses Abang, said police patrol teams have been stationed at the main gate of the institution, while the internal security team is stationed at other strategic parts of the campus.
The vice-chancellor further directed random stop-and-search of persons and vehicles at vulnerable points.
Akpagu said, “The patrol exercise has paid off with the arrest of 11 suspected cultists who have been handed over to the anti-cultism and kidnapping unit of the Nigeria Police, Cross River State Command, for further interrogation.
“On March 16, 2018, gunmen launched attacks on one Oko Sylvester, also known as Davido, a final year student of the Department of Theatre, Film and Carnival Studies; and Wilson Ebina, a second year student of the Department of Education Science (Chemistry Education) in a violent manner that resulted in their deaths.
“Investigation revealed that prior to his death, Oko Sylvester, who was shot in the stomach, has been on suspension for his involvement in various acts of cultism and robbery; while Wilson Ebina was shot dead at a building under construction opposite the Faculty of Education Twin Theatre Hall.
“Both are said to belong to the Vikings Confraternity.”
Meanwhile, the statement noted that a final year student in the Faculty of Law and resident of Hall Four, Augustine Nkanu, also known as Abacha; and Joseph Obimbua, alias Obe, also a final year student of the Department of Geography and Environmental Sciences are on the run after dangerous weapons were allegedly discovered in Nkanu's room by the school security operatives.
Items recovered from the room include one locally made pistol, one small axe, one face mask, live and expended cartridges, military camouflage, military sweater, one long dagger, one machete, assorted bottles of concoctions, charms and rings, among others.
The items have been handed over to the Anti-Cultism Unit of the state Police Command for further investigation.
Keisuke Honda and Makoto Hasebe have retired from international football following Japan's World Cup exit.
The Blue Samurai led 2-0 in their Round of 16 fixtures with Belgium before the Europeans launched a dramatic comeback to win 3-2 with a late Nacer Chadli goal.
Honda did not start a game in Russia, but came off the bench as a second half substitute in Rostov, and believes the future is bright for Japan.
“Today we showed how we can proceed as Japanese football,” said the 32-year-old, who scored 37 goals in 98 caps.
“I am happy, because we have a lot of good young players, and now it is their turn to write the history of Japanese football.
“This is the last World Cup for me. That's the reality. To be perfectly honest, I wanted to take everyone to the next round, but I couldn't get the job done. I did everything I could. I did the best I could.
Japan captain Hasebe also called time on his international career after 114 appearances and the Eintracht Frankfurt midfielder praised the team-mates who supported him during his career.
“I would like to express my gratitude to my colleagues who fought together for about 12-and-a-half years since 2006, and to all the Japanese people who supported me so much,” he said.
“The time I walked with you is an important treasure for me. Thank you from the bottom of my heart.
“Last but not least, I am also a supporter of the national team. Let's dream about the Japanese national team together.”
Japan will now look ahead to the 2019 Asian Cup, which is being held in the UAE.
MALE (Reuters) - The Supreme Court of the Maldives on Thursday ordered the immediate release of former president Mohamed Nasheed and eight other opposition leaders, saying their trials had violated the constitution and international law - but it also ordered new trials.
The country has been mired in political unrest since Nasheed, its first democratically elected leader, was ousted in 2012. He was later sentenced to 13 years in jail on terrorism charges after a trial denounced as hasty and unfair by the United Nations human rights chief.
In its ruling on Thursday, the Supreme Court said it found that prosecutors and judges had been unduly influenced “to conduct politically motivated investigations” into the allegations levelled at Nasheed, former vice president Ahmed Adeeb and the other opposition leaders who had challenged President Abdulla Yameen.
It ordered fresh investigations and trials to be held.
It also nullified a ruling in which 12 legislators lost their parliamentary seats for defecting last July from Yameen's ruling party. Yameen lost his majority in the 85-member legislature after the defections.
Ibrahim Hussain Shihab, a spokesman for the President's Office, said in a statement that the government had questions about the ruling but would comply with it.
“The Administration will work to engage, and consult with, the Supreme Court in order to comply with the ruling in line with proper procedure and the rule of law.”
Attorney General Mohamed Anil said however that Yameen had dismissed the chief of police following the ruling after he had been unable to reach him to ensure law and order.
After the ruling, hundreds of opposition supporters cheered and waved national flags outside the main opposition Maldivian Democratic Party (MDP) campaign centre.
Islamic prayers were also recited at the opposition rally,and people chanted: “The government is over.”
Maldives police said their commissioner - prior to his sacking by Yameen - and deputy commissioner had decided to enforce the ruling after seeking legal advice.
“Police have started work to enforce the ruling,” they said on Twitter.
President Yameen's official website said the defence minister had called on the Maldivian people to put on a united front and work together to maintain peace and stability.
U.S. Ambassador for Maldives Atul Keshap welcomed the Supreme Court decision. “I urge the government and security services to respect this ruling, which bolsters democracy and rule of law all Maldivians,” Keshap tweeted.
Nasheed, who has been in exile in the United Kingdom but wants to contest a presidential poll this year, had sought U.N. help to restore his political rights.
The joint opposition in a statement welcomed the rulings and called for the immediate resignation of President Yameen.
“The Supreme Court's verdict effectively ends President Yameen's authoritarian rule,” it said in a statement.
Ukip leader Paul Nuttall has said he is "very sorry" over a false claim that he had lost close personal friends in the Hillsborough disaster.
Mr Nuttall was forced to admit the claim posted on his website was wrong after he was challenged during an interview with Radio City Talk in Liverpool.
"I haven't lost a close personal friend, I've lost someone who I know," he told presenter Dave Eason, adding: "I haven't put that out, that is wrong."
In a statement later, Mr Nuttall said he was "appalled" when he found out what had happened but he did not write the web posting.
"This was an article that I did not write and did not see prior to it being posted by a member of my staff," he said.
"Of course I take responsibility for those things that are put out under my name, but I was genuinely taken aback when this claim was brought to my attention and am both appalled and very sorry that an impression was given that was not accurate."
Lynda Roughley, a press officer for Mr Nuttall, subsequently said she had offered to resign, saying she had been "entirely responsible" for the website post.
"I am frankly mortified at the distress this issue has caused Paul and may have caused to anyone involved with the Hillsborough tragedy," she said in a statement. "I could not be more sorry."
In an entry on the website dated August 2011, Mr Nuttall called for the government to release files it held on the 1989 Hillsborough disaster.
He was then quoted as saying: "Without them being made public we will never get to the bottom of that appalling tragedy when 96 Liverpool fans including close personal friends of mine lost their lives."
Mr Nuttall, who is now standing for Ukip in the Stoke-on-Trent Central by-election, has previously hit out over an article in The Guardian which cast doubt on his claim that as a 12-year-old fan he was present in the stadium when the disaster happened.
In his Radio City Talk interview, he compared his treatment by the paper to The Sun's coverage of the disaster which wrongly claimed drunken Liverpool fans were to blame.
"What's happening to me now, in many ways, is a national newspaper doing precisely what happened to the people there on the day," he said.
"When The Sun told those lies, I've now got The Guardian doing precisely the same to me."
The paper quoted two people who knew him, a childhood friend and a former teacher, who could not recall Mr Nuttall ever mentioning he had been at the stadium.
The disclosure of the claim he lost friends in the disaster has angered some among the Hillsborough families.
Barry Devonside, whose son Christopher, 18, was among the victims, said the Ukip leader's credibility had "gone out of the window".
"It's insensitive. We are still awaiting the decision of the Crown Prosecution Service as to whether charges will be brought and we don't need this kind of thing from Paul Nuttall," he said.
"He should know better as a politician and leader of Ukip."
Hillsborough Family Support Group chairwoman Margaret Aspinall told LBC radio: "A lot of people who were there that day did lose close personal friends and I think it's an insult to them as well as to all the families who did lose somebody on that day."
In his statement, Mr Nuttall made clear he stood by his claim to have been at the match.
"From the upper tier of the Leppings Lane End of the Hillsborough Stadium, I watched the events of that day unfold with horror," he said.
For birthday boy Lucas Chua, sports car rides and Star Wars meet-and-greets were the order of the day on Saturday (Feb 3) courtesy of Make-A-Wish Foundation Singapore.
SINGAPORE: Like any other Star Wars fan, six-year-old Lucas Chua gasped in surprise when he met his on-screen idols for the first time, as Stormtroopers and Darth Vader entered the theatre in person to greet him as part of his advanced birthday party.
“Wow look at those Stormtroopers!,” exclaimed the young Star Wars fan, whose 7th birthday falls on Friday (Feb 9). “But make sure Darth Vader is not invited to the party later!”
Six-year-old Lucas Chua (centre) taking aim with a laser blaster prop together with his family at Lucasfilm Singapore. (Photo: Christy Yip)
Underneath Lucas' cheery and hyperactive exterior, though, is a boy living in pain and requiring constant medication – he is a cancer patient with Acute Myeloid Leukemia.
According to his parents Steven and Angela Chua, Lucas' daily routine after his life-threatening diagnosis in June 2017 involves a daily regimen of medication throughout the day, of which some would come with painful side-effects.
Said Mrs Chua: “Sometimes medication does bring pain to him and it gives him headaches and body aches, which would require us to massage him afterwards. We have to keep that up with a few weeks of medication and after that he'll get well.
Advertisement
Advertisement
“There are times when his medication would affect his sight, though, because the pills somehow create pressure in his brain and affect his optic nerves,” she added. “Thankfully those pills are for a two-week cycle only.”
For Lucas' parents, they vividly remember the day that their youngest son was diagnosed with leukaemia.
“He had a big haematoma that formed on his thigh, which wasn't normal. He was apparently already internally bleeding and for his kind of leukaemia it's aggressive,” said Mrs Chua. “Doctors said usually, for people who come in (with his condition), they will usually suffer from bleeding in the brain. Back then his (swelling) was already moving up … his blood count was very low and it didn't improve for three days.
She added: “Lucas started his treatments last year in June … and so he stayed in hospital to go for aggressive chemotherapy for the following three months. Even so, he still has to continue with chemo for the next two years.
“He is currently in a good place and we hope he'll attain a good level of remission after the treatments."
It was through Star Wars and its toy figurines that Lucas was able to keep his mind off his chemotherapy treatment late last year, according to his father Mr Chua. “When he was in the hospital - just to keep his spirits up and to keep his mind off his condition - I asked him what toy he would like to make him happy. He then said that he likes Star Wars Lego figurines, in particular Jedi figurines and so I looked around and got them all for him and he was so happy,” he said.
One of the activities lined up for Lucas Chua by Make-A-Wish Foundation Singapore was a theatre screening of a Star Wars Lego episode. (Photo: Christy Yip)
“So we played together, and created a lot of stories with those figurines and he was so happy. He kept it with him every day and helped to keep his mind off his condition.”
WISH COME TRUE
In order to lift his spirits, the Make-A-Wish Foundation Singapore approached the Chua family towards the end of 2017, to organise a Star Wars-themed birthday party for the six-year-old at Lucasfilm Singapore's Sandcrawler building on Saturday (Feb 3).
Together with car company Autobahn Motors and local football academy FCBescola Singapore – a soccer school with links to Lucas' favourite football club FC Barcelona – the Make-A-Wish Foundation, which has since granted the wishes of over 1,340 children since 2002 in Singapore, put together a day to remember for the young leukaemia patient.
Beginning with a morning Ferrari ride with his two elder brothers Christian and Elliot, Lucas' day got even better as he was all smiles and energy during his Star Wars party which was attended by about 60 friends and family members.
Lucas Chua (top right) enjoying a ride in a Ferrari at the back seat with his brothers Elliot (top left) and Christian (bottom right). (Photo: Noor Farhan)
The cherry on top was when a squad of Star Wars characters entered the in-house theatre at Lucasfilm Singapore, right after a screening of an episode of the Star Wars Lego animated series for his friends and family.
“He is a very energetic kid, especially when he sees his friends, the anticipation of the Make-a-wish (party) and leading up to it and the actual wish brought out a lot of joy and excitement in him and today was really a climax,” said Mrs Chua, on the sidelines of Lucas' advanced birthday party at Sandcrawler building.
Star Wars characters at Lucasfilm Singapore. (Photo: Make-A-Wish Singapore)
“Being able to use his imagination, to conceive what he wanted for his wish and what would happen on the day itself, as well as thinking about who would be attending … all this helped to release his focus on the medication and made his day-to-day living more exciting,” explained Mrs Chua.
Acknowledging how fun and laughter plays a part in helping children deal with illness, Lucas' father Mr Chua was grateful for the Foundation's efforts in making his child happy.
Lucas Chua (centre), together with his elder siblings Christian (left) and Elliot (right). (Photo: Christy Yip)
“The good thing about children is that they get over the pain easily because they can be distracted,” he said. “His brothers are there to play with him, and when his mind is thinking of play, he doesn't think about his illness and pain.
“It was really a great experience for Lucas … especially after what he's gone through for the past few months. We're definitely happy with what Make-a-wish has done, as it's a wonderful programme and from the look on his face, Lucas was very happy with how today went.”
A woman needed to be rescued from the Bow River on Sunday afternoon after she was found in the water without a life jacket.
Officials with the Calgary Fire Department say that at around 5:00 p.m., they received a call about a woman in distress in the water.
The CFD Aquatic Rescue Team eventually found her near the 5 Avenue flyouer and pulled her out of the water.
She was taken to hospital, but her condition is unknown.
There is no information about the events leading up to her entering the water and crews say she did not have a life jacket.
cross-posted from P2P Foundation blog
Step 1. Start now
Don't wait. That's rule #1 for living in a world where we're already feeling the impacts of climate change; millions of lives and livelihoods are at risk — or stand to benefit from solutions — in this and future decades. We needed a just transition of our energy economy yesterday. And while there are challenges to universal access and equitably shared benefits from clean energy, there are steps we can take today to start building projects, jobs, and improved health in local communities.
Step 2. Appreciate the puzzle, and don't let barriers stop you
As we described in our Community Energy Puzzle post, community-owned renewable energy has the potential to expand opportunities for ordinary citizens to put their money toward community-controlled energy facilities so neighbors can share in both electricity and the economic, social, and health benefits of clean energy. However, because our current legal system favors the wealthiest sectors of society, it's not legal in most states to share electricity from solar panels with your neighbors, and it's almost impossible for renters, nonprofits, or cooperatives to benefit from the tax incentives that exist to promote solar and wind energy projects.
Our team has spent two years mapping the legal landscape of community-owned energy, and we have not found a community-owned energy model in the U.S. that appears to be scalable. Existing successful projects provide much to learn from, but also benefit from unique regulatory environments, financing opportunities, the wealth of higher income communities, or institutional support that may not be available to most communities. Further, we've uncovered legal barriers in the realms of securities, tax, and utilities regulation. Combined, those barriers prevent ordinary people from 1) putting money into, 2) receiving tax benefits from, and 3) directly purchasing energy from their own renewable energy projects. From this exploration, we hatched an idea: the Permanent Community Energy Cooperative.
Step 3. Build today and plan for tomorrow
Based on our research of existing models and legal barriers, we've come up with an energy development and ownership model called the Permanent Community Energy Cooperative (PCEC), a scalable model that gives communities permanent access to and control over their power.
The model's key innovation is to leverage existing, but little-known, collective finance mechanisms for cooperative entities. Initially, PCECs will be more like energy investment cooperatives than consumer cooperatives. Until laws change, members may not be able to receive energy directly from the cooperative, so the PCEC will have a built-in and legally enforceable adaptation mechanism to enable members to receive energy when regulations make it viable. Meanwhile, as described below, a PCEC can drive energy development by meeting other essential needs for members: 1) money, 2) community, 3) good jobs, and 4) a just, sustainable, and secure future.
1. Divestment and Investment Opportunities:
The PCEC provides a rare opportunity for low- to moderate-income people to invest in their local community and earn a modest return. In 2015, our team drafted and passed a California bill that essentially legalizes equity crowdfunding for cooperatives. We believe the growing movement to divest from fossil fuels will drive community capital toward PCECs. By harnessing the consumer and investor dollars of ordinary people, we believe we can overcome barriers to community-owned energy, activate a demand-driven market transformation nationwide, and accelerate a just transition to renewable energy.
2. Decentralized Community-Building:
The model is designed to fuel project development by harnessing existing social connections and communities of interest. As with traditional “barn raising” and fraternal insurance societies, this strategy is tried and true. Food, drink, music, sports, and other social activities are built into the practical management of common resources around the world. In the energy context, pairing renewable development with social activity lends cohesion and commitment to project development.
Relatedly, the model will rely on a decentralized organizational structure. Each PCEC is designed to scale rapidly, in part because the financing model depends on building a large membership base. A decentralized structure can retain the tight-knit quality of communities by supporting people to come together in small groups and build community around launching each energy project. Decentralized organizations represent both innovation in organizational design (see the book “Reinventing Organizations”) and yet another tried, true, and timeless structure for human activity.
3. A New Workforce:
A decentralized, democratic, and mission-driven organization requires a particular kind of workforce. Each PCEC employee will be a steward of the cooperative's mission, tasked with nurturing community projects and managing technical and administrative logistics. Governance among staff will be relatively nonhierarchical to remove inefficiencies of bureaucracy, place each worker in a position of direct accountability to community groups, and tap fully into workers' intrinsic drive to push projects forward. Since PCECs are designed to scale, a PCEC movement could rapidly create jobs and fulfill a craving for meaningful and sustainable work for tens of thousands of new workers and create a path to transition workers in the fossil fuel economy.
4. Building Movements Toward a Rapid and Just Renewables Transition:
If investing opportunities, community-building, and good job creation are not enough of a driver for member engagement, then a desire for equity and sustainability may seal the deal. A PCEC is a vehicle for building a broad-based movement, setting into motion widespread renewables development, and ensuring that the transition to renewables enables communities to own and control their power in the long run.
A PCEC can address many of the current barriers to community-owned energy:
Barrier PCEC Response Sharing electricity is expensive or not legal -First build projects on the property of local nonprofits, cooperatives, or businesses that can take advantage of existing net metering programs -Adapt to allow sharing when laws change Nonprofit entities or low-moderate income customers are unable to benefit from the federal solar tax credit -Reduce costs by scale of project or include tax equity partners in development and ensure complete cooperative ownership in the long term Securities regulations limit crowdfunding options -Crowdfund using cooperative memberships of between $50 – $1,000 Renters and low-income individuals can't participate -Everyone can participate by investing in community energy via coop memberships, and by helping to spearhead project development -Adapt to allow renters and low-income customers to share electricity when laws change
We believe the PCEC model represents a breakthrough and has great potential to be replicated by grassroots communities everywhere, particularly if we can demonstrate it with a successful pilot. A pilot can also catalyze policy change by demonstrating to lawmakers that current laws are preventing innovation and equitable development.
Permanent Community Energy Cooperatives are an opportunity to start healing the planet and communities today through equitable energy development. They're also “fun-work” that can bring people together, create results to celebrate, and build stronger bonds for more resilient, thriving communities.
Go to the GEO front page
Share:
rawalpindi - Former interior minister Chaudhry Nisar Ali Khan said he had played a vital role in making ex-prime minister Mian Nawaz Sharif a leader in party but in return Nawaz had displayed open enmity and disloyalty towards him.
“I always took care of Mian Nawaz Sharif during 34 years of association but he (Nawaz) never did anything for me” Nisar said while addressing a public gathering at Ranyal on Tuesday. The public meeting was arranged by Chairman UC Ranyal Raja Sajid and attended by scores of local leaders and supporters.
Chaudhry Nisar Ali Khan said Pakistan is facing great threats but the politicians are confronting the institutions in greed of power. He said those shouting in electioneering campaigns cannot save Pakistan from dangers and threats. “All the stakeholders are engaged in expressing hate against each other while ignoring the threats being faced by country,” he said. Nisar lashed out against his political opponents saying they change their directions with wind.
He said his opponent in NA-59/NA-63 and PP-10/PP-12 managed to hold public office under the shadow of former military dictator Gen (retd) Pervaiz Musharraf and is now taking refuge of Imran Khan to get into power.
He said he was not greedy for power and preferred to resign from office of Interior Minister after differences emerged with party leadership.
He said he had never applied for party ticket or appeared for interview before party leadership. “Then why should I do it during general elections?” he asked. Nisar added that Imran Khan had offered him to join his camp besides offering tickets but he denied the offer. Chaudhry Nisar predicted that the jeep, his election symbol, will win on July 25, 2018. He claimed that he restored peace and order in troubled Karachi by launching an operation in the city. He said there are many who are raising slogans in favour of Khatam-e-Nabuwat and Namoos-e-Risalat but none of them seemed serious in this regard.
Later, Chaudhry Nisar Ali Khan also addressed a mammoth public gathering at UC Dhama. The meeting was arranged by PML-N Chairman Chaudhry Imran Ilyas and attended by Chaudrhy Ilyas, Syed Asad Abbas Kazmi, Syed Jamil Hussain Kazmic Raja Nisar and many others.
On the occasion, Sajjad Khan, PML-N local leader, has announced to join Nisar camp after he was not awarded party ticket for PP-11 by Mian Nawaz Sharif.
Addressing the meeting, Chaudhry Imran Ilyas said he would support Nisar Ali Khan during elections 2018. He said his voters and supporters would stamp on the jeep on July 25.
Police and other law enforcement agencies made tight security arrangements for guarding Nisar and other participants of public gathering.
Earlier, Nisar was accorded a warm welcome by the jubilant workers of N league.
They were chanting slogans against Mian Nawaz Sharif and in favour of Chaudhry Nisar Ali Khan.
On the other hand, PTI candidate for NA-59/63 and PP-10/12 Ghulam Sarwar had inaugurated an election office of Haji Amjad at Morgah besides addressing crowded public gathering at Khayaban-e-Jinnah on Adiala Road. The public meeting was arranged by PML-N disgruntled local leader Raja Qayyum. Ghulam Sarwar criticised dual policies of Chaudhry Nisar Ali Khan and asked people to vote for bat, the election symbol of PTI.
UNITED NATIONS: China failed on Monday to stop the fourth annual United Nations Security Council meeting on human rights abuses in North Korea, saying it was not the right forum to discuss the issue and warning that it could further escalate tensions in the region.
For the fourth time, China unsuccessfully tried to stop the public meeting by calling a procedural vote. A minimum of nine votes are needed to win such a vote and China, Russia, the United States, Britain and France cannot wield their vetoes.
Ten members voted in favour of holding the meeting, China, Russia and Bolivia voted against and Egypt and Ethiopia abstained.
"Council members and relevant parties should engage themselves with finding ways to ease tensions on the Peninsula. They should avoid mutual provocation and words or actions that might further escalate the situation," China's Deputy U.N. Ambassador Wu Haitao told the council before the vote.
"(The) council's discussion of the human rights issue in the DPRK (North Korea) runs counter to the above objective and is counterproductive," he said.
A landmark 2014 U.N. report on North Korean human rights concluded that North Korean security chiefs - and possibly leader Kim Jong-un himself - should face justice for overseeing a state-controlled system of Nazi-style atrocities.
Advertisement
Advertisement
Last year, the United States angered North Korea by blacklisting its leader Kim for human rights abuses.
"We continue to think there's a separation between peace and security and human rights and there's not," U.S. Ambassador to the United Nations Nikki Haley told the Security Council. "Prevention also includes human rights and being able to call out countries when they do abuses like this."
North Korea has repeatedly rejected accusations of human rights abuses and blames sanctions for a dire humanitarian situation. Pyongyang has been under U.N. sanctions since 2006 over its ballistic missiles and nuclear programs.
The Security Council is due to hold a ministerial meeting on North Korea's nuclear and missiles programs on Friday.
(Reporting by Michelle Nichols; Editing by Susan Thomas)
Jose Mourinho has warned Marouane Fellaini to “sign the contract and shut up”, as the midfielder enters the final six months of his Manchester United deal.
Fellaini was forced off against Tottenham just seven minutes after coming on when he suffered a knee injury, with the Belgian's return date currently unknown.
Mourinho advised the former Everton man to agree an extension with the club quickly to tie down his future at Old Trafford before they discover the extent of his injury.
When asked whether Fellaini was taking a risk running down his contract, he joked with reporters: “I told him sign the contract and shut up.
“I told him don't gamble too much before you know the extent of the injury. I don't know [if he will sign an extension].”
Mourinho has previously admitted he fears Fellaini could leave Old Trafford, with the 30-year-old revealing in December that he was mulling over whether or not to remain at United.
Fellaini will be absent for the visit of Huddersfield on Saturday as United look to get back to winning ways following their disappointing 2-0 defeat to Tottenham on Wednesday.
GRAND RAPIDS, Mich (WOOD) — The mother of a 5-year-old boy murdered by her boyfriend is now behind bars after she was charged with failing to protect her child and lying to police.
On Saturday, Sonja Hernandez spoke to 24 Hour News 8 via Internet from the Kent County Jail.
It started on June 13 when police found Giovanni Mejias dying at the Cutlerville mobile home he shared with his mother, his four siblings and his mother's boyfriend, Elis Nelson Ortiz-Nieves.
He would be arrested charged and found guilty of the boy's murder. Ortiz-Nieves maintained that he was trying to save the boy even as he was being sentenced last month.
But testimony showed that the child suffered at least seven blows to the head and there was evidence he had cigarette burns on his body.
“You are the lowest form of human life that I have been able to observe or see,” said Kent County Circuit Court Judge Mark Trusock during the Jan. 11 sentence hearing. “You are a monster and quite frankly you are evil. What you did was sickening and disgusting.”
Before he was taken to prison for the rest of his life, the convicted murderer scuffled with guards, saying he did not want to hear what the judge was saying.
Hernandez also maintained that he was innocent.
She was arrested last week and charged with child abuse for failing to protect Giovanni and her four surviving children from her boyfriend's abuse. She is also charged with lying to investigators — they say she tried to blame her son's death on one of her other children — a charge she flatly denies.
“Everybody who knows me as a person knows that I am a great parent, so I don't care about what anybody has to say,” said Hernandez.
When asked if her boyfriend is where he belongs, she doesn't have as much to say.
“I have no comment on that,” she says.
And does she still love the man convicted of killing her son?
“I have no comment on that,” she said.
She says that police wanted her to testify against Ortiz-Nieves.
“If I bashed him like they wanted me to, I wouldn't be in this position right now,” Hernandez said. “They're just trying to make an example out of me.”
Hernandez says she is a good mother.
“Of course, I work three jobs to support my children with no assistance,” she said. “My kids know that I love them and I'm gonna do everything so I can get them back.”
She said she believes she will be proven innocent.
“My family's trying to get me out and I told them, ‘No, I gotta prove my innocence.'”
Hernandez has hearing dates in two courtrooms next week. She is held on a $100,000 bond and faces a maximum of life in prison if convicted as charged.
Share this: Email
Print
Facebook
Twitter
Google
Pinterest
More
LinkedIn
Tumblr
Reddit
Dietmar Hamann, a former Champions League winner with Liverpool, has criticised the Reds' goalkeeper Loris Karius for his tearful behaviour after the European final defeat against Real Madrid.
“My sympathy with Karius is limited,” Hamann, 44, told magazine Sport Bild.
“We don't have to discuss that he decided the final with his two mistakes.
“Something like that can also happen to a professional footballer.
“But what I didn't like was his behaviour afterwards.
“To publically show his suffering after the final whistle was just as unnecessary as his tearful asking for forgiveness from the Reds fans.”
Karius' double mistakes in Kiev allowed Karim Benzema and Gareth Bale to snatch goals for Real in a 3-1 defeat and the 24-year-old goalkeeper cut a sad figure as he tearfully applauded travelling fans after the final whistle.
However, Hamann was unimpressed with his fellow German.
“Liverpool fans forgive their stars just as well as any other, the anthem ‘You'll Never Walk Alone' is part of life out at the club,” said Hamann, who won the 2005 final with Liverpool.
“With one exception: when your ego doesn't match your performance.
“Karius drives through Liverpool with the personalised number plates ‘LK1' and makes waves in the city whenever he steps out.
“Having airs like that is something Cristiano Ronaldo, alias CR7, can pull off in Madrid, because he has won the Champions League five times.
“Someone like Karius has not achieved anything yet in his career and should be happy to have been given the chance by (Liverpool coach Jurgen) Klopp at a world-class club.”
Hamann is not the first former Germany international to criticise Karius, who left Mainz for Liverpool in 2016, after Lothar Matthaeus described his performance in Kiev as the “worst goalkeeping display in the last 20 or 30 years”.
However, Germany head coach Joachim Loew, currently in northern Italy for a World Cup training camp, sent Karius, who has yet to play an international, a text message of support following Saturday's final.
British Police are investigating after Karius was subjected to death threats and vile abuse on social media by furious Liverpool fans following his costly mistakes in Kiev.
related media assets (image or videos) available. Click to see the gallery.
3 related media assets (image or videos) available. Click to see the gallery.
The Philippines military said it arrested one of the Maute brothers on Thursday, a senior member of the Islamic State-backed militants it is fighting in a southern city.
MARAWI CITY, Philippines: The Philippines military said it arrested one of the Maute brothers on Thursday, a senior member of the Islamic State-backed militants it is fighting in a southern city.
Mohammad Noaim Maute, alias Abu Jadid, was arrested at a checkpoint near the coastal city of Cagayan de Oro just after dawn, said Lt Col Jo-Ar Herrera, a military spokesman.
Two of Mohammad's brothers, Omarkhayam and Abdullah, lead the Maute gang that is at the forefront of a vicious battle with security forces for Marawi City, now in its fourth week. Marawi is about 100 km (60 miles) south of Cagayan de Oro, but it was not clear whether Mohammad was coming from the besieged city.
Most of the other seven Maute brothers, including Omarkhayam and Abdullah, are believed to be in Marawi.
Their parents were taken into custody last week in separate cities.
Advertisement
Advertisement
Brigadier-General Gilbert Gapay, spokesman for the military's Eastern Mindanao Command, said Maute was a suspected bomb-maker for the group. He said Maute was holding a fake student card of the Mindanao State University, based in Marawi, when stopped at the checkpoint. He was not armed.
Local police said Maute, an Arabic language teacher, readily admitted his identity when questioned, adding that he was now being questioned.
(Reporting by Neil Jerome Morales and Manny Mogato; Writing by Raju Gopalakrishnan; Editing by Michael Perry)
Kuwait's Crown Prince Sheikh Nawaf al-Ahmad al-Sabah underwent "successful medical check-ups" in the United States and has returned home, state news agency KUNA reported on Monday, citing a cabinet statement.
DUBAI: Kuwait's Crown Prince Sheikh Nawaf al-Ahmad al-Sabah underwent "successful medical check-ups" in the United States and has returned home, state news agency KUNA reported on Monday, citing a cabinet statement.
Sheikh Nawaf, 79, a brother of the country's ruler, underwent minor back surgery in 2013 in Germany. A relatively low-profile figure, he became next in line to lead the U.S.-allied Gulf oil exporter in 2006, shortly after Sheikh Sabah al-Ahmad al-Sabah became emir in the 250-year-old al-Sabah dynasty.
Sheikh Sabah, 87, had a pacemaker installed in 1999.
The health of leading members of the ruling family is a sensitive issue in Kuwait, where less senior al-Sabah members have long been jostling for position, according to diplomats and analysts. It is not clear who is third in line in Kuwait, an OPEC member state.
The cabinet statement gave no details on the medical tests.
(Reporting by Sami Aboudi; Editing by Janet Lawrence)
Advertisement
ADVERTISEMENT
Many people know Laura Ingraham because of something she did in March 2018. In the aftermath of the Stoneman Douglas High School mass shooting, the Fox News host mocked one of the young survivors calling for gun reform. As a result, several advertisers dropped her show and Fox was plunged into a panic. But there's definitely more to Ingraham than controversial tweet storms…
16. A Dartmouth music professor sued her
While still at college, Ingraham wrote for The Dartmouth Review; she was also eventually the newspaper's editor-in-chief. And even then she courted controversy, as in one of her pieces for the publication she accused Dartmouth music professor Bill Cole of being a bad teacher. The article, which was published in 1983, also quoted a student as describing Cole as “looking like a used Brillo pad.”
ADVERTISEMENT
Cole then chose to sue The Dartmouth Review for $2.4 million, claiming that the article caused him “mental, emotional, physical and financial distress.” However, the professor withdrew his case in 1985; according to the newspaper, that move was made because Cole's lawyer “was unable to substantively dispute any of the details in Ingraham's article.”
ADVERTISEMENT
ADVERTISEMENT
The Atlanta Falcons reached the Super Bowl last year on the heels of a fantastic season by Matt Ryan, and the team understands that signing their franchise quarterback to a long-term contract will be critical to the franchise's success in the years ahead.
Falcons owner Arthur Blank replied "yes, yes" when asked by NFL Network's Andrew Siciliano on Super Bowl Live if the team is eager to make Ryan a Falcon for life.
"I think what's most exciting for me, personally, is that Matt has indicated a number of times that he wants to play another five-to-seven years," Blank said Friday. "And I think he thinks he's Tom Brady -- play to maybe 42, I'm not sure. That would be great, too. But Matt's been a great player for us for 10 years -- both on the field and off the field. So, I'm looking forward to having him extend his contract."
Ryan certainly seems capable of staying among the NFL's elite passers for the next five years. Although his numbers slid off slightly from his amazing 2016 output, he's still playing at a level higher than likely free-agent-to-be Kirk Cousins, who's poised for a grandiose payday from one of several drooling NFL general managers.
Blank clearly understands this, but he also wants to make sure the Falcons remain in contention for playing a Super Bowl in front of the home crowd next February -- and for years to come. To do this, he wants the Falcons to be careful in how they approach Ryan's new contract and how it'll affect the rest of the 53-man roster.
"I'm not saying the money is not significant, it is significant," Blank said. "But I think he wants to win championships, he wants to win the Super Bowl. So part of what we have to keep in balance -- and Matt has to help us do that -- is that we want to sign a contract with Matt that is respectful and competitive with him, but one that positions the team to keep talent around him. ... I don't care who the player is, you can't win with one player."
These are concerns general manager Thomas Dimitroff and the rest of the Falcons' braintrust know all too well heading into the final year of Ryan's current deal. Getting a long-term deal done this offseason would mitigate the constant storylines of whether the Falcons truly believe in Ryan's capabilities to lead them to a Super Bowl title.
Based on Blank's comments, Atlanta doesn't need 2016 MVP to embark on a "prove it" year after he was 18 minutes away from hoisting the Lombardi Trophy. Still, it'll be interesting to see how contract talks develop in the weeks and months ahead.
(Reuters Health) - Middle-aged adults who feel stressed, powerless or overworked on the job may be more likely to develop mental health problems in the coming years than more contented coworkers, a recent study suggests.
For the study, researchers examined data from questionnaires completed by 6,870 workers in the UK who, at age 45, had never been diagnosed with depression, anxiety or other common mental illnesses. Overall, about one-third reported having little control over what they did at work and slightly more than one-fourth described their jobs as very demanding and stressful.
Advertisement
By age 50, workers who reported high levels of job strain five years earlier were more than twice as likely to be diagnosed with mental health disorders as the people who had low-stress jobs, researchers report in The Lancet Psychiatry.
With demanding jobs, workers were 70 percent more likely to develop a mental illness by age 50, the study also found. And people who reported having little control over their work were 89 percent more likely to be diagnosed with psychological disorders.
"Several studies published over the past decade have suggested a link between workplace stress and poor mental health outcomes amongst employees," said lead study author Samuel Harvey, head of the workplace mental health research program at the Black Dog Institute at the University of New South Wales in Australia.
"However, it has always been difficult to work out which came first: difficult work situations or mental health problems - the classic chicken or egg situation," Harvey said by email.
Advertisement
Advertisement
While the current study wasn't a controlled experiment designed to prove that work problems directly cause mental health issues, the fact that none of the workers had any psychological issues at the start of the study period suggests that the job difficulties came first, Harvey said.
Even though the study focused on middle age, all of the participants had been followed since birth, allowing researchers to account for a variety of circumstances growing up that might influence the odds that a person would experience job strain or mental health problems.
"We were able to develop the most precise picture to date of the possible reasons an individual's working conditions could impact their mental health," Harvey said. "When accounting for non-workplace factors like stressful life events, illness, IQ and early life, the results indicate that people with higher job demands, lower job control and higher job strain were still more likely to develop mental illness by age 50, regardless of sex or occupational class."
While the exact ways that job strain might cause mental illness aren't clear, stress is a known risk factor for psychological problems as well as a wide range of other chronic health issues like heart disease, diabetes and obesity, said Dr. Sabir Giga, author of an accompanying editorial and a researcher at Lancaster University in the UK.
"For individual workers, it's important to recognize that persistent and long-term stress could lead to physical and mental health conditions," Giga said by email.
"Demanding jobs may be unavoidable," Giga added. "But we can make changes in our lives that allow more control and flexibility in how much we work and the way we do it."
SOURCE: https://bit.ly/2H7Kqfc and https://bit.ly/2GrijYl The Lancet Psychiatry, online May 10, 2018.
OTTAWA—A group of senators slammed the Supreme Court of Canada for being “out of step with reality” and careening “off a cliff” in its attempt to curb trial delays by setting rigid deadlines the justice system can't currently realistically meet.The Senate committee on legal and constitutional affairs released a report Wednesday that makes 50 recommendations to speed up criminal trials, saying what's needed is a complete rethink of the Canadian criminal justice system, not drop-dead timelines.Sen. George Baker warned “tens of thousands” of criminal charges risk being tossed next year as a result of the Supreme Court's ruling last July in a drug case called “Jordan,” which set 18-month deadlines for trials in provincial courts, and 30-month ceilings on trials in superior courts.Read more:Judge rejects attempt to have Brantford sex assault case tossed due to delayArticle Continued BelowHow an ‘invented' Supreme Court ruling has rocked the Canadian justice systemProvinces urge Supreme Court to relax tough new deadlinesEND Baker, an independent appointed by a previous Liberal government, and Conservative Sen. Bob Runciman said the Supreme Court did not have enough data last year about the potential impact of its Jordan ruling “before it stepped off a cliff” and imposed the new trial timelines.
In order to use Medscape, your browser must be set to accept cookies delivered by the Medscape site.
Medscape uses cookies to customize the site based on the information we collect at registration. The cookies contain no personally identifiable information and have no effect once you leave the Medscape site.
A spokesman for New Brunswick fishermen based on Grand Manan Island says at least 10 Canadian fishing boats have been intercepted by U.S. Border Patrol agents since last week while fishing in the disputed waters around Machias Seal Island.
Laurence Cook, chairman of the LFA 38 Lobster Advisory Board, says some Canadian vessels were boarded by agents who asked about possible illegal immigrants.
READ: Fishermen's group says Ottawa overreacting with new fisheries closure in Bay of Fundy
Cook says he's never before seen border patrol agents in the area, where the U.S. Coast Guard typically patrols.
Machias Seal Island, which is about 19 kilometres southwest of Grand Manan Island and east of Maine, is in a disputed area known as the grey zone, where lobster fishermen from both Canada and the United States have long fished side by side.
However, both Canada and the United States claim sovereign jurisdiction over the island and the surrounding 700 square kilometres at the mouth of the Bay of Fundy.
Global Affairs Canada distributed a brief email saying it is investigating “incidents that occurred in Canadian waters.”
WATCH: Hundreds of lobster fishermen protest changes to industry
Spokesman John Babcock said the Canadian government is also talking with U.S. agencies.
“Canada's sovereignty over the Machias Seal Island and the surrounding waters is long-standing and has a strong foundation in international law,” Babcock said.
“Until the matter of the boundary is resolved, we will continue to take practical steps with the U.S. to ensure that the area is well-managed. Canada and the U.S. have a long history of co-operation which ensures that fishing in this area in well-managed and safe for both countries.”
Molten rock from several lava-spewing fissures opened by Kilauea Volcano crept towards clusters of homes and vacation rentals on the eastern tip of Hawaii's Big Island on Wednesday, as authorities ushered residents from the area as a precaution.
HONOLULU: Molten rock from several lava-spewing fissures opened by Kilauea Volcano crept towards clusters of homes and vacation rentals on the eastern tip of Hawaii's Big Island on Wednesday, as authorities ushered residents from the area as a precaution.
Evacuation of the Vacationland development and adjacent Kapoho community, rebuilt after a destructive eruption of Kilauea in 1960, came on the 28th day of what geologists rank as one of the biggest upheavals in a century from one of the world's most active volcanoes.
Advertisement
The Hawaii County Civil Defense agency issued the advisory as lava flows picked up speed late on Tuesday and early on Wednesday and threatened to cut off a key traffic route into the seaside area on the far eastern flank of the volcano.
"Residents in the Kapoho area, including Kapoho Beach Lots and Vacationland, are advised to evacuate," the agency said in a morning bulletin. "You are at risk of being isolated due to possible lava inundation of Beach Road."
On Tuesday, a lava stream crossed a larger east-west route, Highway 132, as it advanced towards Kapoho. A separate flow of red-hot molten rock was headed in the direction of the Vacationland Hawaii community to the south.
Civil defence officials also cited the problem of widespread communication outages in the area due to downed power and phone lines, reinforcing the decision to proceed with evacuation plans immediately rather than wait for a potential emergency.
Advertisement
Advertisement
Residents of the area, part of the Island of Hawaii's Puna district, were urged to stay tuned to local radio stations for further updates.
The numbers of people and homes affected by the evacuation were not immediately known. They join some 2,000 residents displaced due to lava flows and toxic sulphur dioxide gas emissions at the outset of the eruption nearly four weeks ago farther west, in and around the Leilani Estates community.
Kilauea's main crater at the volcano's summit has continued to periodically belch ash high up into the sky. But National Weather Service meteorologist Tom Birchard told reporters during a conference call that most of the ash was blowing out to sea on the prevailing trade winds, then dissipating quickly.
Nevertheless, some ash and fumes have been spouted high enough into the atmosphere to be carried far over the Pacific Ocean, with observers in the Marshall Islands, Micronesia and Guam detecting traces of vog - a hazy mix of sulphur dioxide, aerosols, moisture and fine particles, Birchard said.
Kilauea rumbled back to life on May 3 as it began extruding lava and toxic gases through a series of cracks in the ground on its eastern flank, marking the latest phase of an eruption cycle that has continued nearly nonstop for 35 years.
The occurrence of new lava vents, or fissures, now numbering about two dozen, have been accompanied by flurries of earthquakes and intermittent eruptions from the summit crater. More than 40 homes and other structures have been consumed by lava flows since then.
(Reporting by Jolyn Rosa; Additonal reporting and writing by Steve Gorman in Los Angeles; Editing by Sandra Maler)
WASHINGTON: The White House on Monday (Dec 11) rejected calls for a congressional investigation of claims Donald Trump sexually harassed women, saying the American people had spoken on the matter by electing him president.
Democratic Senator Kirsten Gillibrand called on Trump to resign, meanwhile, echoing a demand made the previous day by two other Senate Democrats.
Three women who claim they were sexually harassed by Trump before he ran for president urged Congress on Monday to investigate his behaviour and allegations of misconduct.
The three, who first came forward during last year's presidential race with their claims of harassment, said they were speaking up again because of the current climate.
In recent months, countless women have broken their silence about abuse suffered at the hands of powerful men in the worlds of entertainment, the media, business and politics, in the wake of the bombshell allegations that felled movie mogul Harvey Weinstein.
"The environment's different," said Samantha Holvey, who claims Trump came backstage when she and other contestants in the 2006 Miss USA pageant were dressing.
Advertisement
Advertisement
"Let's try again," Holvey said, in explaining her decision to repeat her allegations.
Rachel Crooks, who says Trump forcibly kissed her on the mouth after she introduced herself to him at Trump Tower in 2005, urged lawmakers to "put aside their party affiliations and investigate Mr Trump's history of sexual misconduct."
Crooks voiced hope "that we will hold Mr Trump to the same standard of Harvey Weinstein and the other men who were held accountable for their reprehensible behavior."
Jessica Leeds, who says she was groped and forcibly kissed by Trump on a commercial flight decades ago, said Trump has not been held accountable for "what he is and who he is."
The White House swiftly dismissed the claims as "false."
"The timing and absurdity of these false claims speaks volumes and the publicity tour that has begun only further confirms the political motives behind them," a White House statement said.
'A DECISIVE ELECTION'
Addressing reporters, White House spokeswoman Sarah Huckabee Sanders said the president "has addressed these accusations directly and denied all of these allegations.
"This took place long before he was elected to be president and the people of this country had a decisive election, supported President Trump," Sanders said. "We feel like these allegations have been answered through that process."
Gillibrand, a Democratic senator from New York, told CNN that Trump should "immediately resign."
"President Trump has committed assault according to these women," she said. "And those are very credible allegations.
"I think he should immediately resign and if he doesn't we should have the investigation," Gillibrand said.
Democratic senators Cory Booker of New Jersey and Jeff Merkley of Oregon also called over the weekend for Trump to step down.
Democratic Senator Ron Wyden backed the call for a congressional investigation - which appeared unlikely to occur given the Republican control of both houses of Congress.
"These women are right," the senator from Oregon said in a tweet. "If @realDonaldTrump won't resign, Congress must investigate allegations by many, many women that he sexually assaulted and harassed them. No one is above the law."
These women are right. If @realDonaldTrump doesn't resign, Congress must investigate allegations by many, many women that he sexually assaulted and harassed them. No one is above the law. https://t.co/ySP9DVUgLP — Ron Wyden (@RonWyden) December 11, 2017
Three US lawmakers announced their resignations from Congress last week over sexual harassment allegations, including Democratic Senator Al Franken of Minnesota.
In announcing his resignation, Franken took aim at Trump.
"I, of all people, am aware that there is some irony in the fact I am leaving while a man who bragged on tape about his history of sexual assault sits in the Oval Office," he said.
A total of 16 women have come forward with claims of misconduct by Trump, who boasted in a tape that surfaced during the campaign that he could kiss and grope women with impunity, because of his celebrity.
In an apparent divergence from the White House line, Nikki Haley, the US ambassador to the United Nations, said Sunday that any women claiming to be victims of sexual harassment - including those implicating Trump - "should be heard."
Court documents show that investigators suspect a biology teacher from the Twin Cities area was high on multiple drugs when he was fatally shot by a Mankato police officer who responded to a disturbance at a hotel.
Search warrants filed in Blue Earth District Court say a friend who partied with 33-year-old Chase Anthony Tuseth, of Chanhassen, before he died in the early hours of Dec. 31 told a Bureau of Criminal Apprehension agent he believed his friend took LSD and ecstasy.
The Free Press of Mankato reports the warrants also say messages on Tuseth's phone suggest he took LSD, ecstasy and Adderall, and suspected drugs were found in his hotel room.
Tuseth was a 2008 Minnesota State University graduate and taught at an alternative high school in Shakopee.
Etawah Police on Tuesday prevented the situation from getting tense after a statue of Dr BR Ambedkar was vandalised in the district's Vyaspur village on Monday night. Soon after the incident, the district administration rushed to replace the razed statue with a new one.AK Rai, station officer at Bakewar Police station in Etawah, said, “Some anti-social elements had destroyed the statue on Monday night. The police and administration swung into action and replaced the statue with a new one. We understand the sensitivity of the matter and did not want the situation to get out of hand.”He said that apart from replacing the statue, an FIR was also filed. A case was filed under section 295 (defiling place of worship with intent to insult the religion of any class) of the Indian Penal Code (IPC).This comes amidst a string of incidents over the last month where statues of the Dalit icon have been damaged all across Uttar Pradesh. On Wednesday, a 25-year-old Ambedkar statue was damaged in Sardaspur village in Balia district. On April 13, a day before Ambedkar Jayanti, an Ambedkar statue was found damaged in a Greater Noida village.
Mary June Marmino, 90, died at 9:55 p.m. Wednesday, May 23, 2018, at Mason Pointe Care Center in Chesterfield, Mo.
Visitation will be 10 a.m. until funeral service at 10:45 a.m. Monday, June 4, at Gent Funeral Home in Alton. Burial will follow at Upper Alton Cemetery. Father Steven Janoski will officiate.
An explosive device has been set off on a New York subway platform, US police have confirmed.
The explosion happened at around 7.30am on 40th Street and Eighth Avenue near Times Square.
A suspect has been arrested and has non-life-threatening injuries.
One other person suffered a non-life-threatening injury, New York Fire Department said.
Passengers were evacuated as a precaution from the subway line where the explosion happened.
President Donald Trump "has been briefed on the explosion in New York City", his press secretary Sarah Sanders said.
Andre Rodriguez, 62, told the New York Times that he heard an explosion shortly before 7.30am.
He added: "I was going through the turnstile.
"It sounded like an explosion, and everybody started running."
There are few injured, ABC reported.
Andre Rodriguez, 62, told the New York Times that he heard an explosion shortly before 7.30am.
He added: "I was going through the turnstile. It sounded like an explosion, and everybody started running."
LOS ANGELES: A 24-year-old YouTube singer with a teen fan base has been charged with using social media to solicit explicit videos from two young female fans.
Austin Jones was charged with two counts of production of child pornography, according to a complaint filed on Tuesday in U.S. District Court in Chicago, where he appeared. He is being held in federal custody pending another hearing on Thursday.
Jones has racked up millions of views on YouTube, a unit of Alphabet Inc , with his covers of pop songs and has more than 200,000 followers across his Twitter, Instagram and YouTube channels.
Jones' attorney Gerardo Solon Gutierrez said by phone that the singer was "innocent until proven guilty."
His arrest marked another scandal involving YouTube's social media personalities. In February, YouTube and Walt Disney Co cut ties with influential Swedish social media star PewDiePie, who boasted some 53 million YouTube followers, after he posted a series of videos deemed anti-Semitic.
Advertisement
Advertisement
According to the federal complaint, Jones used Facebook and Apple Inc's iMessage service to request sexually explicit videos from girls aged about 14 to 15.
The documents allege that Jones sent numerous messages to two 14-year-old female fans from 2016 and 2017 in which he instructed them to expose their genitals in videos sent to him through Facebook.
A review of his social media activities showed that "his primary fan base appears to be teenage girls," the court documents said, adding that Facebook shut down Jones' page a month ago due to his involvement with minors on the network.
Facebook Inc said in a statement on Wednesday: "We have zero tolerance for sharing or soliciting child exploitative images or videos on Facebook, and we cooperate with law enforcement agencies that investigate these crimes."
Representatives for YouTube and Apple did not immediately respond to requests for comment.
(Reporting by Piya Sinha-Roy; Editing by Jill Serjeant and Richard Chang)
Congressman Mark Sanford toured Port of Charleston terminals with other U.S. representatives Friday to talk about that growth and improving both transportation and infrastructure.
"This hit all aspects of transportation and infrastructure that we're looking at. It's important for us to see as we make priorities across the country," U.S. Representative Jeff Denham said. Menhaden is the republican congressman for California's 10th District.
Sanford said the trip is to see first-hand how important Charleston's terminals are to the local and regional economy.
"Charleston is a vital cog in the southeast economic apparatus and the nation as a whole," Sanford said. "We had all of the different stakeholders that gave very thorough briefs, in terms of the latest, the deepening in Charleston, the additions we're seeing to boost port capacity."
The South Carolina Port Authority is coming off of a record-breaking fiscal year for growth from July 2016 to June 2017. That growth is measured in twenty-foot equivalent units (TEU), a common measuring standard for cargo ships.
"We handled a record 1.2 million TEU. That broke our record from 2005," SC Port Authority's Barbara Melvin said. Melvin added they saw 10% growth over the last year and anticipate another 5%. They expect even more when the new Leatherman Terminal is completed in 2019 in North Charleston. It is expected to expand port capacity by 50%. "It's growth that we planned for. It's growth that is necessary. It's to meet the demand of our customers. It's coming right in time."
According to the SC Ports Authority, one in every eleven jobs in the state is made possible by the Port of Charleston.
Expansion will lead to job growth not only locally but across the southeast.
"It's a national priority to make sure we're investing in these types of transportation and infrastructure projects. The Port of Charleston is a model for the country," Representative Bill Shuster said. Shuster is the republican representative for Pennsylvania's 9th District.
"It's nice to see how they're used on the ground and this is a good watermark to how government should operate at the speed of business," Representative David Joyce added. Joyce is the republican representative for Ohio's 14th District.
As Charleston continues to expand, Sanford says it's imperative to keep its southern charm.
"I think the notion conservation and preservation need to go simultaneous with growth," the congressman concluded.
The tour comes on the heels of the Transportation & Infrastructure Committee preparing to take on the re-authorization of the Water Source Development Act. This bill gives the green light to critical army corps projects in 17 states, including South Carolina. The Transportation & Infrastructure plan to take on the re-authorization by the end of the year.
Copyright 2017 WCSC. All rights reserved.
However, it remains possible to obtain a higher yield in the long run. A number of stocks offer stronger dividend growth potential than the wider index, and could therefore become sound income plays over the coming years. And with investors likely to reward rapid dividend growth via a higher share…
With a dividend yield of 3.8%, the FTSE 100 appears to be a solid place to invest in order to obtain a relatively high income return. The current dividend yield is historically high and also suggests that the index may offer good value for money at its present-day price level.
I would like to receive emails from you about product information and offers from The Fool and its business partners. Each of these emails will provide a link to unsubscribe from future emails. More information about how The Fool collects, stores, and handles personal data is available in its Privacy Statement.
Register by giving us your email below to continue reading all of the content on the site. Soon you will also begin to receive our FREE email newsletter, The Motley Fool Collective. It features straightforward advice on what's really happening with the stock market, direct to your inbox. It's designed to help you protect and grow your portfolio. (You may unsubscribe any time.)
With a dividend yield of 3.8%, the FTSE 100 appears to be a solid place to invest in order to obtain a relatively high income return. The current dividend yield is historically high and also suggests that the index may offer good value for money at its present-day price level.
However, it remains possible to obtain a higher yield in the long run. A number of stocks offer stronger dividend growth potential than the wider index, and could therefore become sound income plays over the coming years. And with investors likely to reward rapid dividend growth via a higher share price, they may also outperform the FTSE 100 when it comes to capital growth.
Growth potential
One stock which could offer superior income potential compared to the FTSE 100 is British American Tobacco (LSE: BATS). The company has experienced a challenging period, with its share price declining by 24% in the last year. Investors have become concerned about the prospects for the tobacco industry, with cigarette volumes continuing to fall. Although the company has been able to outperform many of its peers, cigarettes seem to becoming less popular among consumers.
However, growth potential could still be high in the long run. Many smokers are substituting cigarettes with next generation products, such as e-cigarettes. British American Tobacco expects to double revenue of those next-gen products to £1bn in the current year, and is investing heavily in the area as it anticipates impressive volume, sales and profit growth from the segment in future years.
With the stock having a dividend yield of 5.2%, while forecast to raise dividends per share by 7% next year, its income prospects appear to be sound. Moreover, a dividend that is covered 1.5 times by profit indicates that further dividend growth may beat market expectations in the long run.
Dividend increases
Also offering the potential for rapid dividend growth is recruitment and training specialist Staffline (LSE: STAF). The company released a positive trading update on Wednesday which showed that its recruitment division has performed well despite a tight labour market. Acquisitions made so far in the current year have improved its long-term growth outlook, while its training, skills and well-being services division has continued to transition away from the Work Programme contracts.
Looking ahead, Staffline may face a difficult future due to the UK economy's uncertain outlook. However, with a price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio of 9, it appears as though the market has priced in potential difficulties for the stock.
Dividends have grown from 10p per share in 2013 to 26.7p in 2016, which puts the company on a yield of 2.7%. With dividend payouts being covered 4.2 times by profit, there could be further strong growth ahead – especially since the company is forecast to deliver positive earnings growth in each of the next two financial years.
LONDON: Claude Puel was sacked as Southampton manager on Wednesday (Jun 14) after just one season in charge, the English Premier Club announced.
Puel, 55, took Southampton to a respectable eighth-place finish in the table and to the League Cup final where they were defeated by Manchester United.
"Southampton Football Club can today confirm that it has terminated the contract of Claude Puel with immediate effect," said a club statement.
Puel, a former Monaco, Lille, Lyon and Nice coach, was booed by his own fans when visitors Stoke City won 1-0 at St Mary's on the final day of the Premier League season in May.
Officials at Southampton had already revealed plans to review the Frenchman's future and Puel's cause was not helped by his side's failure to score for a fifth straight home match.
Advertisement
Advertisement
"Everyone at Southampton would like to express our thanks to Claude for his hard work and commitment this year. The highlight of the season was a memorable day at Wembley in the League Cup Final, a day our fans will always treasure," added the club.
"We wish Claude well for the future. The search for a new management team is underway. We are confident that we will find the right fit in line with the long term vision of the club."
Two men have died after a car crashed into the Congregation Beth El Keser Synagogue at 85 Harrison St. early Monday morning following a police pursuit, according to New Haven police.
Whalley Ave. (Route 63) near Phillip Street remains closed as of 5:40 a.m. due to the accident, police said.
Police officials told NBC Connecticut that the incident began as a carjacking in the area of Fitch and Blake streets after one man showed the victim a simulated weapon beneath his clothing at around 12:15 a.m.
Police say the victim of the carjacking was not injured.
At around 1:35 a.m. an officer spotted the stolen vehicle, a 2005 Toyota Highlander, in the area of Whalley Ave. at Winthrop Ave. police said.
According to police, the officer attempted to stop the vehicle but lost sight of it.
The car was then found crashed into the synagogue, police said.
The synagogue sustained minimal structural damage while the stolen vehicle sustained heavy damage, according to police.
Police said one man was dead upon arrival on scene while the other was transported to the hospital where he later succumbed to his injuries.
Per standard procedure, New Haven police turned the case over to Connecticut State police who are continuing the investigation.
Check back for more updates as they become available.
PIQUA — The Poetry Cafe is open for business at Piqua Central Intermediate School.
This marks the second year that language arts teachers Macarena Dunn and Maddie Armstrong have conducted the event, in which the school's fifth-grade students learn about, write, and present their own poetry, all in an authentic cafe setting.
“The month of April is Poetry Month,” Dunn said. “Pretty much all month long, we work on different skills, like figurative language, hyperboles, imagery, and rhyming, which are different components the fifth grade are being tested for. We try to bundle it all together as a poetry series.”
In the poetry cafe, Dunn and Armstrong's fifth-graders take turns reciting their written poems to the crowd in a pre-assigned order, a task which allows students to strengthen presentation skills, eye contact, and voice level. Students are encouraged to offer snaps at the end of each presentation.
During the presentations, some students are staffed to serve coffee, tea, lemonade, and water to those in attendance in order to properly simulate a real cafe setting.
“We have two ushers at the door to work on life skills, like seating somebody, talking properly, and being professional,” Dunn said. “We have two baristas who take drink orders. We have a manager who runs the entire thing. The teachers all sort of take a back seat. The students all got uniforms and some training on it, and it's helping to expose them to some basic workplace skills.”
Dunn explained that the goal of the event was not only to expose fifth-graders to the wonders of poetry, but also to allow them to experience some of the more common life occurrences many educators may take for granted.
“We definitely set out to practice poetry and presentation skills, but probably the most important thing is to provide them with opportunities to do real life skills,” Dunn said. “One that was really eye-opening for us was learning to behave themselves in a restaurant or cafe setting. They get to sit with whoever they want to, just like in the real world. This experience trains them how to have fun, but still act appropriately.”
The poetry cafe is being conducted in three installments in order to allow students to get increasingly more comfortable with the process.
“The first one was students only, so they could get all their nervousness out of the way,” Dunn explained. “The second one is this one, where they invite a special teacher. We printed out pretty invitations to give to a staff member. The third one will be on April 30, where they can invite family members. It's a process of building them up. They really love it, and have been looking forward to it all month.”
Cody Willoughby | AIM Media Midwest Usher Tyler Scherer takes his turn to present a poem during the Poetry Cafe held at Piqua Central Intermediate School on Monday. http://www.dailycall.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/30/2018/04/web1_PoetryCafe0-1.jpg Cody Willoughby | AIM Media Midwest Usher Tyler Scherer takes his turn to present a poem during the Poetry Cafe held at Piqua Central Intermediate School on Monday. Cody Willoughby | AIM Media Midwest Barista JD Ramirez takes a drink order from teacher Josh Duncan during the Poetry Cafe held at Piqua Central Intermediate School on Monday. http://www.dailycall.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/30/2018/04/web1_PoetryCafe1-1.jpg Cody Willoughby | AIM Media Midwest Barista JD Ramirez takes a drink order from teacher Josh Duncan during the Poetry Cafe held at Piqua Central Intermediate School on Monday.
The projection of Kamal Nath, the 'one-seat wonder' from Chhindwara, to lead the Congress charge in Madhya Pradesh can be seen in the backdrop of an intergenerational tug-of-war.In the run-up to the Assembly polls, veteran Congressmen have shown a decided preference for state assignments. Realising that there is no place for them in Team Rahul, the septuagenarian leaders are vying with young-ish party colleagues for pole position in their respective states.Party president Rahul Gandhi, caught between the rival claims of the youthful 'maharaj' of Gwalior and his feisty 71-year-old 'vassal' Digvijay Singh, needs to find a compromise nominee. Even if that means going with a Punjabi baniya in an OBC-dominated state.Kamal Nath's lack of caste credentials is a political shortcoming. As the seniormost Congress MP in the Lok Sabha in 2014, he should have been a shoo-in for leader of the parliamentary party, but the high command went with a rather more politically correct choice—Dalit leader Mallikarjun Kharge. In the same spirit, MPCC president Arun Yadav, an OBC, will be a hard man to displace or replace.The wealthy and wily Kamal Nath has retained Chhindwara since 1980 in the teeth of formidable challenges. Even the young firebrand, Prahlad Patel, failed to dislodge him in the 2004 BJP wave. His narrow victory was attributed to a masterly manipulation of the tribal Gondwana Gantantra Party (GGP).Denied a Congress ticket in 1996 because of the Jain hawala case, he induced the party to nominate his wife, Alka, by threatening to stand as an Independent. She won, but the very next year, he suffered his first and only electoral loss, against BJP stalwart and former chief minister Sunderlal Patwa.The nine-term MP owes his success to a superbly efficient constituency-level electoral machinery, which works throughout the five-year election cycle. Even his Delhi office is open 24 X 7, arranging accommodation and appointments for constituents. He was among the first politicians to deploy helicopters and satellite phones for election campaigns.On the other hand, Kamal Nath, unlike his buddy 'Diggy Raja', has rarely been spotted in Bhopal. He is seen as an 'outsider' and his influence is limited to 30 to 40 seats in the southern belt. In a state where analog face-time, hob-nobbing and pressing the flesh are de rigueur for politicians, he prefers delegating and outsourcing.The very fact that he lacks a statewide network goes in his favour, because it makes him more amenable than, say, a Jyotiraditya Scindia or a Capt Amarinder Singh in Punjab. Besides, he has been a family loyalist ever since he was inducted by Sanjay Gandhi in the 1970s. His role in the Emergency led to the slogan, “Indira ke do haath, Sanjay Gandhi aur Kamal Nath”. As Environment minister under P V Narasimha Rao, he earned accolades during the Earth Summit at Rio de Janeiro and brickbats for alleged encroachment of forest land by his Span Club in Manali.He was one of the Congress leaders who strongly urged Rahul to take over as Congress president. His son, Nakul, is expected to inherit Chhindwara.What about recasting the loyalist-based party structure, as Rahul Gandhi had promised? The fiery, passionate, ambitious Rahul of 2013 denounced the Congress Old Guard in terms famously popularised by his father: “..the brokers of power and influence...dispense patronage to convert a mass movement into a feudal oligarchy”.Five years later, he appears to have understood the need for a balance between the young turks and veterans. A fifth of the Congress MPs elected in 2014 were over 70 years old. He continues to tout a youth quota in party posts, however.Rahul rightly values youth for their willingness to network, collaborate and undertake comprehensive research. They are digital natives and can navigate social media which, like it or not, has become critical to political outreach. But a wealth of experience, banked wisdom and goodwill is perhaps more relevant when taking on a seasoned campaigner like 'Mama' Shivraj Singh Chouhan.‘Diggy Raja', freshly returned from a six-month 'Narmada Yatra' to reconnect with the masses and re-establish his relevance in the state, had indicated that he was comfortable with Nath as a leader, but not Scindia. That appears to have weighed with the party high command, even more than Nath's phenomenal organisational skills.Young blood has rejuvenating properties, recent studies have established. But in politics, the old warhorses bring home the gold.(The writer is a senior journalist. Views are personal)
In an unusual move, federal prosecutors have agreed to name the CFO of Red Granite Pictures as an “independent” fiduciary overseeing the company, while both sides seek to settle a massive corruption case.
Red Granite is accused of using funds stolen from 1MDB, a Malaysian development fund, to finance “The Wolf of Wall Street,” “Dumb and Dumber To,” and “Daddy's Home.” The company's CEO, Riza Aziz, is the stepson of the Malaysian prime minister. Prosecutors are seeking to seize Red Granite's profits from the films on behalf of the Malaysian people.
In total, the government alleges that $4.5 billion was looted from 1MDB to buy a yacht, luxury real estate, jewelry, and fine art. Last week, the government gave notice that it would seek to put the civil forfeiture cases on hold so as not to jeopardize the cooperation of foreign law enforcement agencies in an ongoing criminal probe.
The government and Red Granite agreed in July to appoint “Looper” producer Douglas Hansen as an independent operational fiduciary for a period of at least 30 days. The purpose was to provide oversight of the company and help maximize the value of its assets. Red Granite is working to release a remake of “Papillon” starring Charlie Hunnam.
Thirty days later, Hansen has been excused from the job. Reached by phone, Hansen declined to discuss the move in detail. “It's not a negative,” he said.
In a filing over the weekend, federal prosecutors agreed to name Randall Hermann, Red Granite's CFO since August 2012, to succeed Hansen as the new “independent” fiduciary. The U.S. Attorney's office declined to comment on the move.
“It's extremely abnormal to leave an executive of a company permeated by fraud in charge as your fiduciary,” said attorney Lucas Rowe, a former federal prosecutor and an expert on asset forfeiture.
In a joint stipulation, Red Granite and prosecutors stated that Hermann will facilitate ongoing settlement talks and support Red Granite's continuing operations. Red Granite has maintained that it did not knowingly receive stolen funds.
related media assets (image or videos) available. Click to see the gallery.
3 related media assets (image or videos) available. Click to see the gallery.
Leigh Halfpenny scored two tries as Wales opened their Six Nations campaign with a dominant 34-7 victory against much-fancied Scotland in Cardiff on Saturday.
,: Leigh Halfpenny scored two tries as Wales opened their Six Nations campaign with a dominant 34-7 victory against much-fancied Scotland in Cardiff on Saturday.
In an entertaining start to the tournament, Wales banished memories of their defeat to Scotland in last year's fixture with a commanding victory courtesy of tries from Gareth Davies and Steff Evans and Halfpenny's double.
The experienced fullback added 14 points from the boot for a personal tally of 24.
Scotland had not won in Cardiff since 2002 but arrived in the Welsh capital buoyed up by a superb spell in November that saw them thump Australia and fall agonisingly short of a famous victory against the world champion All Blacks.
Wales, however - without six British & Irish Lions stars - started in inspired fashion at a fervent Principality Stadium with Davies intercepting a pass from opposite number Ali Price to canter over from 60 metres.
The visitors barely had time to settle in a breathless opening 15 minutes before Halfpenny dived over for his first Wales try since 2013 - 38 games ago.
Advertisement
Advertisement
Scotland, one of the most dynamic and unpredictable attacking sides, were guilty of overplaying at times and found it difficult to build cohesion or put pressure on the Welsh defence.
Fielding a number of inexperienced players due to injury, Scotland made it to the break without falling further behind but any hopes of a second-half comeback were hampered by Halfpenny, who twice punished Scottish infringements to extend the lead.
Halfpenny then strolled over for his second on the hour mark and Evans scampered down the touchline to finish acrobatically in the closing stages, before two sweetly-struck conversions extended the fullback's perfect record from the tee to six from six.
The only negative on a brilliant afternoon for Wales was Peter Horne's late consolation try.
Wales finished above only Italy in last year's championship but expertly marshalled the final 30 minutes and will be full of confidence when they travel to back-to-back champions England next Saturday.
Scotland - tipped by many pundits to upset the dominance of tournament favourites England and Ireland - host an unpredictable France in their next outing on Feb. 11.
(Reporting by Tom Hayward; Editing by Clare Fallon)
Volkswagen on Friday reported the highest-ever September sales result for its core namesake brand, with global registrations up 8 percent year-on-year to 593,700 vehicles.
BERLIN: Volkswagen on Friday reported the highest-ever September sales result for its core namesake brand, with global registrations up 8 percent year-on-year to 593,700 vehicles.
Nine-month deliveries of VW's largest division by sales and revenue rose 2.7 percent to 4.49 million autos, with gains in China and the Americas offsetting a decline in western Europe, the carmaker said.
"There are also clear signs of an upturn in the home market of Germany, current orders are well above the previous month," sales chief Juergen Stackmann said, without being more specific.
(Reporting by Andreas Cremer; Editing by Douglas Busvine)
TOKYO: Toyota Motor Corp said on Wednesday it was recalling all of the roughly 2,800 zero-emission Mirai cars on the road due to problems with the output voltage generated by their fuel cell system.
Toyota said that under unique driving conditions, such as if the accelerator pedal is depressed to the wide open throttle position after driving on a long descent while using cruise control, there was a possibility the output voltage generated by the fuel cell boost converter could exceed the maximum voltage.
To date, Toyota has sold about 2,840 Mirai cars in Japan, the United States and some markets in Europe, as well as the United Arab Emirates.
Toyota dealers will update the fuel cell system software at no cost to the customer, it said. The process will take about half an hour, it said.
Toyota first began selling the hydrogen-fueled Mirai in December 2014 in Japan, its home market, in a bid to lead the industry in the nascent technology. Toyota has promoted fuel cell vehicles as the most sensible next-generation option to hybrids, although a lack of hydrogen fuelling stations remains a major hurdle for mass consumption.
(Reporting by Chang-Ran Kim)
Advertisement
Court documents reveal how Prince concealed an addiction to illegally prescribed opioid painkillers before his death.
Bottles of oxycodone painkillers disguised as vitamin C and aspirin were found in several places at the late artist's Paisley Park estate.
Documents released on Monday detail how Prince received opioid prescriptions under his bodyguard's name to sustain his addiction to the drug.
Dr Michael Todd Schulenberg allegedly said in a testimonial that he had written at least one prescription for oxycodone in the name of Kirk Johnson, Prince's friend and bodyguard, for the star's “privacy”.
But the physician's attorney, Amy Conners, has disputed this – and said in a statement that the doctor “never directly prescribed opioids to Prince, nor did he ever prescribe opioids to any other person with the intent that they would be given to Prince”.
Advertisement
Although helpful for the investigation into the artist's accidental overdose, these findings have no connection to the drug which ultimately led to his death.
Last year, authorities recovered falsely labelled bottles of pills in his home containing fentanyl – and a post-mortem last June revealed he had died from an accidental, self-administered overdose of the drug.
Investigators are yet to determine how he obtained the synthetic opioid, which is 50 times more potent than heroin.
Fentanyl is often used to manufacture counterfeit pills which are then sold as oxycodone in the black market.
Prince was found dead in the elevator of his home in Chanhassen, Minnesota, by Mr Johnson on 21 April last year.
Writing a prescription under another person's name violates state and federal law, but authorities say no one has yet been charged in connection to his death.
Investigators said on Monday that, before his death, Prince had been “going through withdrawals, which are believed to be the result of the abuse of prescription medication”.
Filmmaker Vikram Bhatt says that biopics of "unknown guys to the known" are the only kind of films now made in India."Off late, we have become an industry that churns out only biopics. From the unknown guys to the known, everyone's story is up for grabs," said Bhatt.He is yet to join the bandwagon though.His psychological thriller Hadh has been now brought to the audience by SonyLIV, a digital entertainment platform.The 10-episode web series features an intriguing narrative that touches upon passion, lies, betrayal and murder."Hadh is the story of power and greed and to what limit people can go to achieve it. I believe almost everyone on this planet has a selling price. Some sell cheap and the rest hold back.... Hadh is Shakespearean in its construction. A dying king and three young aspirants for the throne, so to speak. Lies, betrayal, and murder is on the menu," he said.
Reuters Health - Murders climbed 22 percent in Florida in the decade after the state enacted its `Stand Your Ground' self-defense law, even after accounting for the expected spike in justifiable homicides, a new study suggests.
Before the law took effect in October 2005, Florida residents had a right to use lethal force when they felt their life was endangered by a home intruder. The `Stand Your Ground' law extended this right beyond the home, justifying deadly force for self-defense in other situations.
On average, from 1999 to 2005, lawful homicides accounted for just 3.4 percent of all homicides in Florida. Between 2006 and 2015, the proportion of lawful homicides rose, accounting on average for 8.7 percent of homicides, researchers report in JAMA Internal Medicine.
This translates into a 75 percent increase in justifiable homicides after the `Stand Your Ground' law took effect. But it also means lawful homicides don't explain the surge in murders because they made up just a fraction of the total fatalities, said lead study author David Humphreys of the University of Oxford in the U.K.
“While the right to defend yourself is an important legal defense embedded in legal systems across the world, there is a careful balance to be struck between affording individuals the right to use violent force in certain circumstances and actively encouraging the use of lethal violence to resolve minor conflicts,” Humphreys said by email.
Florida's `Stand Your Ground' law gained widespread notoriety in 2012 after Trayvon Martin, an unarmed teen, was fatally shot by a neighborhood watch captain, George Zimmerman, who claimed he acted in self-defense. Zimmerman was charged with second-degree murder and later acquitted.
Advertisement
Advertisement
A study published last year by Humphreys and colleagues found an abrupt and sustained increase in homicide rates in Florida after the law took effect. Critics of this study said it didn't distinguish between justifiable homicides and murder, and suggested a spike in lawful killings might explain the rising homicide rates.
The current findings should put that critique to rest, said Alex Piquero, a criminology researcher at the University of Texas at Dallas who wasn't involved in either study.
“Both justifiable and unlawful homicides increased substantially after the law's effective date,” Piquero said by email.
“Unlawful homicides made up the majority of that increase,” Piquero added.
One shortcoming of the study is that researchers only had data on how homicides were classified by the authorities, not what people were thinking when they decided to use lethal force.
“The difference between murder and justifiable homicide hinges largely on the self-reported and difficult to refute subjective feeling of being threatened prior to killing someone,” said Aaron Kivisto, a psychology researcher at the University of Indianapolis who wasn't involved in the study.
Some previous research, however, suggests that gun owners are no less likely than other people to be victims of crimes, and that self-defense laws like `Stand Your Ground' don't change this, Kivisto said by email.
“Often, the reverse is true and gun owners are at heightened risk relative to non-gun owners for being the victim of a violent crime,” Kivisto added. “In contrast, laws strengthening background checks and enacting permit-to-purchase requirements for gun ownership are strongly linked to reductions in gun homicides.”
Florida's `Stand Your Ground' law goes further than laws in other states in defining what can be considered self-defense. In Florida, for example, people aren't required to retreat when possible to avoid a lethal conflict. A recent change to Florida law also requires self-defense claims to be disproved by prosecutors, not proven by the defense.
Situations can escalate quickly and become fatal when retreat isn't necessary to claim self defense, even in public places,” said Ziming Xuan, a researcher at Boston University School of Public Health who wasn't involved in the study.
“In the context of self-defense, when someone is confronted with a threat of safety in a public place, it should be better to retreat when retreating is safe and practical to do,” Xuan said by email. “To take the fatal action of using deadly force can endanger the lives of innocent people in public space.”
SOURCE: http://bit.ly/2w41HVz JAMA Internal Medicine, online August 14, 2017.
Get soaps updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
New mechanic Josh Tucker will show his dark side as he becomes involved in a nasty fight with the racist thugs accused of killing Luke Britton.
Luke was killed by Pat Phelan after he found out that the vile builder was involved in Andy Carver's disappearance.
However Alya Nazir is convinced that racist thugs the Parker brothers, who Luke got into a fight with shortly before his death.
In upcoming scenes on Coronation Street , Alya will spot a BMW that she recognises and gets deja vu.
(Image: ZENPIX LTD)
(Image: ZENPIX LTD)
(Image: ZENPIX LTD)
Luke's grieving girlfriend then realises that it is the same car that was carrying the two masked racist thugs who attacked and robbed Kevin's garage. They had also thrown paint at Alya and Luke.
This prompts Alya to shout angrily: "Did you kill Luke?"
The thug then jumps out of his car to have a go at Alya, however Josh and David spot the altercation and jump in to intervene.
But the pair end up being involved in a vicious punch-up with the thug.
(Image: ZENPIX LTD)
(Image: ZENPIX LTD)
(Image: ZENPIX LTD)
At this point, David has no idea that Josh will be the one to attack him later this month.
Josh, who's also a personal trainer, is going to drug and sexually assault David after they enjoy a drunken night out together.
Last month, the Mirror revealed that the ITV soap will be tackling the sensitive issue of male rape for the first time in its 57-year history.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Viewers won't see anything too explicit though, and will instead see David waking up in Josh's bed and realising what's happened.
A source told the Mirror: "There won't be any sexually explicit scenes, what has happened to David will be implied by his reaction and behaviour when he wakes up the next day and starts to remember some of what happened.
"With Josh still on the street, David struggles to deal with the shame of what has happened to him. "This is a big storyline for Jack and everyone is determined to get it right."
*Coronation Street airs weekdays at 7.30pm and 8.30pm on ITV
Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn has welcomed Theresa May's decision to call a snap election, saying his party would offer an "effective alternative" to the Tories.
Mr Corbyn said the Prime Minister's surprise decision to call an election on June 8, almost three years earlier than the next scheduled ballot, would give the people the chance to vote for a government that will put the "majority first".
The Labour leader indicated that his MPs would support Mrs May's demand for an early election, which will require the backing of two-thirds of all MPs.
He said: "I welcome the Prime Minister's decision to give the British people the chance to vote for a government that will put the interests of the majority first.
"Labour will be offering the country an effective alternative to a Government that has failed to rebuild the economy, delivered falling living standards and damaging cuts to our schools and NHS.
"In the last couple of weeks, Labour has set out policies that offer a clear and credible choice for the country. We look forward to showing how Labour will stand up for the people of Britain."
Meanwhile, a Labour MP who has been a consistently staunch critic of Mr Corbyn revealed he will not stand for re-election in the snap vote.
Middlesbrough South and East Cleveland MP Tom Blenkinsop criticised the leader last week after Labour lost a Middlesbrough council seat to the Tories on a by-election swing of 8%.
A previously undetected group of Russian-language hackers silently stole nearly US$10 million from at least 18 mostly U.S. and Russian banks in recent years by targeting interbank transfer systems, a Moscow-based security firm said on Monday.
FRANKFURT: A previously undetected group of Russian-language hackers silently stole nearly US$10 million from at least 18 mostly U.S. and Russian banks in recent years by targeting interbank transfer systems, a Moscow-based security firm said on Monday.
Group-IB warned that the attacks, which began 18 months ago and allow money to be robbed from bank automated teller machines (ATMs), appear to be ongoing and that banks in Latin America could be targeted next.
The first attack occurred in the spring of 2016 against First Data's "STAR" network, the largest U.S. bank transfer messaging system connecting ATMs at more than 5,000 organisations, Group-IB researchers said in a 36-page report.
The firm said it was continuing to investigate a number of incidents where hackers studied how to make money transfers through the SWIFT banking system, while stopping short of saying whether any such attacks had been carried out successfully.
SWIFT said in October that hackers were still targeting its interbank messaging system, but security controls instituted after last year's US$81 million heist at Bangladesh's central bank had thwarted many of those attempts. (http://reut.rs/2z1b7Bo)
Group-IB has dubbed the hacker group "MoneyTaker" after the name of software it used to hijack payment orders to then cash out funds through a network of low-level "money mules" who were hired to pick up money from automated teller machines.
Advertisement
Advertisement
The security researchers said they had identified 18 banks who were hit including 15 across 10 states in the United States, two in Russia and one in Britain. Beside banks, financial software firms and one law firm were targeted.
The average amount of money stolen in each of 14 U.S. ATM heists was US$500,000 per incident. Losses in Russia averaged US$1.2 million per incident, but one bank there managed to catch the attack and return some of the stolen funds, Group-IB said.
Hackers also stole documentation for OceanSystems' Fed Link transfer system used by 200 banks in Latin America and the United States, it said. In addition, they successfully attacked the Russian interbank messaging system known as AW CRB.
Once hackers penetrated targeted banks and financial organisations, they stole internal bank documentation in order to mount future ATM attacks, Group-IB said. In Russia, the hackers continued to spy on bank networks after break-ins, while at least one U.S. bank had documents robbed twice, it said.
Group-IB said it had notified Interpol and Europol in order to assist in law enforcement investigations.
The unidentified hackers used a mix of constantly changing tools and tactics to bypass anti virus and other traditional security software while being careful to eliminate traces of their operations, helping them to go largely unnoticed. To disguise their moves, hackers used security certificates from brands such as Bank of America, the Fed, Microsoft and Yahoo.
(Reporting by Eric Auchard; editing by Mark Heinrich)
Two former Broncos defensive linemen were let go over the weekend.
The Buccaneers released Robert Ayers and the Titans released Sylvester Williams. Ayers was selected by Denver in the first round of 2009 NFL draft and he has recorded 257 tackles and 35 sacks in his career. Williams was selected by the Broncos in the first round of the 2013 NFL draft and he has recorded 114 tackles and six sacks in his career.
Meanwhile, in Denver, the Broncos may have just signed their new starting right tackle. The team gave Billy Turner a one-year contract extension over the weekend, a moved that the offensive lineman confirmed on Twitter.
It's a notable signing because Turner (6-5, 310 pounds) arguably played much better than Menelik Watson at right tackle last year before suffering a season-ending hand injury. He will likely compete for the starting job this summer and unless Denver selects a right tackle early in the draft, Turner may be the favorite to win the job.
Expect the Broncos to add at least one more tackle this offseason.
Related Aqib Talib reacts to Broncos giving away his old jersey number
LONDON (Reuters) - World stocks climbed and equity volatility neared a record low on Monday as investors focused on signs of strong economic growth ahead of a slew of central bank rate decisions, while the launch of bitcoin futures fed the market's cryptocurrency obsession.
A collection of Bitcoin (virtual currency) tokens are displayed in this picture illustration taken December 8, 2017. REUTERS/Benoit Tessier/Illustration
European stocks drew strength from a positive Asian session to trade higher across the board in early deals, nearing four-week highs as bank stocks boosted benchmarks.
MSCI's main European Index .MSER rose 0.1 percent while the index of leading European companies .STOXX50 gained 0.2 percent. Britain's FTSE climbed 0.6 percent thanks to a boost from a weaker sterling.
Stealing the spotlight was the debut of bitcoin futures contracts, allowing investors to bet on the price of the cryptocurrency in one, two or three months.
The one-month contract, the most-traded on the Chicago-based CBOE Global Markets exchange XBTc1 opened at $15,850 on Sunday night - a gain of 21 percent.
It was last quoted at $18,600, while bitcoin itself hovered at $16,431.76. BTC=BTSP
Bitcoin has rocketed up a gravity-defying 1,600 percent since the start of the year, attracting institutional interest - and concerns that it is a bubble in the making.
“The one-month contract is trading at around an 11 percent premium to the underlying bitcoin, and for me that's a clear indication that there's no connection between the two markets,” said Lukas Daalder, chief investment officer at Robeco.
Several online brokerages have not yet allowed trading of the new futures.
“I can understand you don't see that many people who are willing to offer this contract, because you can't hedge your underlying risk if you can't short it,” Daalder added.
“This only adds to the bitcoin phenomenon. It's interesting to watch, but not a market that I would like to touch.”
While frantic trading kept bitcoin volatility dizzying, a gauge of S&P 500 volatility .VIX dipped below 10 to its lowest in more than two weeks, nearing the record low hit in November.
World stocks rose, flirting with their most recent record highs, boosted by more benign Asian trading after Friday's strong U.S. employment data and Chinese trade figures cemented optimism on the global economy.
Global stocks .MIWD00000PUS rose 0.3 percent to 505.35, nearing last week's intraday record of 507.09.
“Momentum behind stock markets has been pretty solid, supported in part by good numbers on the economic front and not bad earnings. I don't see anything happening right now that could break the momentum,” said Daalder.
BIG WEEK FOR MONETARY POLICY MOVES
Currency and bond markets were cautious ahead of a big week of policy meetings globally, although the Federal Reserve is the only major central bank expected to raise interest rates.
The Bank of England and the European Central Bank are widely seen holding rates steady.
“Global growth has strengthened but there is very little evidence yet that inflation pressures are picking up, which continues to favor only a gradual pace of monetary policy normalization,” Lee Hardman, strategist at MUFG, told clients.
Sterling GBP= edged lower after a volatile week, last at $1.3375.
The dollar index, which measures the greenback against a basket of currencies, eased 0.1 percent, hovering near a three-week high after five straight sessions of gains. .DXY
Sluggish U.S. wage growth and inflation have sparked some concern overrate rises, and traders will zoom in on the Fed's future rate projections on Wednesday.
“It's a tall order for the median Fed dots to shift lower, but we may see a slight downshift in the distribution,” said ING forex strategists in a note, adding that the dollar index could fall back below 93 as the Fed's 25bp rate rise is already priced in.
Data out on Friday showed average hourly earnings in the United States came in lower than economists forecast, despite stronger-than-expected non-farm payrolls, which rose by 228,000 in November.
Most high-grade euro zone bond yields were lackluster in early trading, with 10-year Bund yields, the benchmark for the region, edging below 0.30 percent. DE10YT=TWEB
“Bunds have drifted lower in recent weeks,” said Robeco's Daalder. “I would say there's some complacency for sure, but I don't see any major moves until the new year.”
The gap between U.S. and German bond yields came close to its widest since April as the monetary policy paths of the two central banks diverged.
In commodities, signs of increased drilling activity after the latest rise in the U.S. rig count weighed on oil prices.
U.S. crude CLc1 fell to $57.13 a barrel and Brent crude LCOc1 inched 21 cents lower to $63.16, slipping from a recent 2-1/2 year peak of $64.65.
Spot gold was slightly firmer at $1,249.41 an ounce XAU=.
- Advertisement -
Nigerian Breweries Plc has announced the appointment of Jordi Borrut Bel as the company's Managing Director/CEO.
The appointment takes effect on January 22, 2018. Mr. Borrut Bel will succeed Johan Doyer who has served as Managing Director/CEO on an interim basis since June 16.
The company said its Board of Directors has informed the Nigerian Stock Exchange of the appointment.
Mr. Borrut Bel is currently the Managing Director of HEINEKEN's subsidiary in Burundi, Brarudi S.A. and a Board member of Bralirwa Limited, Rwanda, also a HEINEKEN subsidiary in Rwanda.
He joined HEINEKEN Spain in 1997 as sales representative and subsequently held senior management positions in different countries, first as Distribution Project Manager in Slovakia, Brand Manager in France and Trade Marketing Manager at the Head Office in The Netherlands.
In 2006, he returned to HEINEKEN Spain where he evolved in the organisation and eventually became the On-Premise and Distribution Director and a member of the Management Team.
Mr. Borrut Bel was appointed the Managing Director of Brarudi S.A. in 2015 and has led the company through a very turbulent period, strengthening the company's route-to-market and launching successful innovations.
- Advertisement -
“The Board is confident that Mr. Borrut Bel's track record and broad experience stand him in a very good position to drive Nigerian Breweries Plc' strategy and consolidate its leadership position in the Nigerian market,” the company said in a statement Monday.
In a related development, the company has also announced the resignations of Victor Famuyibo (Human Resource Director) and Hubert Eze (Sales Director) from the Board with effect from January 27, 2018 and January 31, 2018 respectively.
While Mr. Famuyibo's resignation follows from his attaining the company's mandatory retirement age of 60 years, Mr. Eze's resignation is preparatory to his taking up a higher role in the HEINEKEN organisation.
The Exchange was further notified that Grace Omo-Lamai and Uche Unigwe have been appointed as part of the Management Team of the Company in the positions of Human Resource Director and Sales Director respectively.
Mrs. Omo-Lamai joined the Company on October 23, 2017 from Nigerian Bottling Company Ltd, where she was the Director of Human Resnews, ources. Mr. Unigwe, on the other hand, joined the Company in 1989 as a Trainee Brewer.
He is currently the General Manager, HEINEKEN East Africa, based in Nairobi. He resumes in his role as Sales Director on January 15, 2018.
Upward Scholars celebrates its students – like Antonio Garcia – at event at Holbrook Palmer Park
Five years ago, Menlo Park resident Antonio Garcia came to the United States from El Salvador leaving his mother and sister behind. He now works as a cook, but the 22-year-old wants to get an AA degree in business administration and then transfer to a university where he can prepare for a career in finance.
The non-profit Upward Scholars is helping him achieve his goals. “Upward Scholars helps me a lot,” he said. “If it were not for this scholarship, I would not be able to go to college because my books are very expensive.”
The organization is hosting a celebration of its clients, low-income adults who are mostly immigrants, this weekend. The event — called Onward and Upward — will take place on June 2 from 1:00 – 3:00 pm at Holbrook Palmer Park in Atherton. Moises Bautista who is the first Upward Scholars student to graduate from a university will MC; Santa Clara Country Supervisor Joe Simitian is a special guest.
“We provide financial, academic, and community support so that low-income adult students can become proficient in English, get better jobs, and serve as role models and advocates for their children.” emailed Elizabeth Weal, the non-profit's Executive Director.
She continued: “Upward Scholars began in 2011 when we provided scholarship to 21 students attending community college. This semester, we're supporting 240 students, most of whom have jobs like dishwashers, gardeners, and housecleaners.
“Because students are low income, and often had limited education in their country, Upward Scholars support is critical to students staying in school. We promote student success by providing students with funds for books, transportation to college, and laptops as well as tutoring from community volunteers who meet with students weekly.”
In Antonio's case, he spent a few years attending Sequoia Adult School honing his English skills and is now attending Canada College, balancing his studies with a full-time job. “It is a dream come true to be here and getting this education,” he said. “The country really is a place of opportunity, and I'm grateful.”
Residents who would like to attend the free event on Saturday, which will feature authentic fare and live music, can sign up here.
Photo of by Linda Hubbard (c) 2018
The Episcopal Diocese of Los Angeles plans to proceed with the sale of the St. James the Great church property in Newport Beach, citing a legal obligation created by the diocese's bishop.
In a letter Monday to the diocese, Bishop Coadjutor John Harvey Taylor said Bishop J. Jon Bruno had entered a binding contract to sell the property at 3209 Via Lidos to Newport Beach-based developer Burnham Ward Properties and that diocese leadership would move forward with that plan.
“The buyer has the legal right to expect the seller to honor the contract,” Taylor wrote. “Much as we might wish it were otherwise, we do not believe that it would be in the interests of the diocese or consistent with our fiduciary responsibilities to endorse any steps leading to breaching or threatening to breach an enforceable contract that could lead to further expense and litigation.”
Taylor has been named to succeed Bruno upon Bruno's planned retirement at the end of the year and already has been assigned pastoral and property oversight for St. James by the highest-ranking bishop of the Episcopal Church in the United States. That move was made Aug. 1 in light of a hearing panel's recent determination that Bruno had engaged in misconduct when he attempted a separate sale of the church site in 2015.
Bruno changed the locks two years ago while trying to sell the property to would-be townhouse developer Legacy Partners for $15 million. That sale fell through.
The congregation has since been worshipping at other locations around Newport Beach and Costa Mesa. It currently meets at Newport Beach City Hall.
The hearing panel's ruling, issued July 21 and finalized Aug. 2, recommended a three-year suspension from ministry for Bruno, plus halting efforts to sell the St. James building and unlocking the property so the congregation could resume worship in its longtime home.
Taylor, however, wrote that the panelists and their advising attorneys “evidently did not take fully into account the existence of a binding contract, nor all the ways the dispute begs for wider reconciliation.”
Parishioner Walter Stahr, who has been active in the congregation's allegations of misconduct against Bruno and the effort to reclaim the building, said diocese leaders did not say when escrow would close on the property when they met Monday with him and St. James pastor Cindy Evans Voorhees. The sale price also has not been disclosed.
“They assured us that if St. James the Great wishes to continue as an Episcopal congregation, they will support us — just not in our building,” Stahr told his fellow parishioners in a statement Monday. “I know how devastating this will be for many of you, but the story is not over.”
Voorhees had no comment Monday.
Taylor said Burnham Ward plans to “preserve the worship space so it may continue to be used by churches and other community organizations, including St. James if it wishes.”
“I wish it were possible to achieve a settlement in which all could receive everything they sought,” Taylor said. “Unfortunately, in the short term, this cannot be the case. And yet we continue to believe that healing and reconciliation are possible for our whole community.”
hillary.davis@latimes.com
Twitter: @Daily_PilotHD
France President, Emmanuel Macron, has given reasons behind his decision to visit the African Shrine as part of his visit to Nigeria.
Macron who recalled his days in Nigeria about 15 years ago, noted that it was an emotional come-back, especially as he never imagined he would return to Abuja one day as President of France.
He said the visit was a good opportunity to return the African Shrine, a place he described as ‘iconic place for African people and culture.'
He added that apart from a personal pleasure the African Shrine holds for him, he also recognised the importance of African culture.
Macron was responding to a question on why he chose to visit the African Shrine of all places at a joint press conference with President Muhammadu Buhari after their bilateral talks held at the Aso Rock Presidential Villa, Abuja.
According to him, “First, because I wanted to find a good occasion to come back there. I know the place and I have some memories. I have to confess at a time that there was no president around. I hope I will not spoil the party.
“First, I think that is such an iconic place for a lot of African people and African culture. And I think very often when you speak of the African culture in Europe, those who are successful in Europe and in France, which is different most of the time are not dramatically very famous in Nigeria or in Africa. And there is a bias because you know people are absolutely not the same.
“I mean Fela, Femi, Seun Kuti are obviously very famous in France and Europe. I mean they are big successes but the Shrine is a cultural hub, an iconic hub and it is very important for me first on a personal level, and that is why I want to say with a lot of humility that I recognise the importance of this place. I recognise the place of culture in this current environment.”
AMSTERDAM - Oil prices fell on Monday as a slowdown in Chinese refining raised concerns about demand in the world's second-biggest consumer, while an increase in U.S. drilling capacity could deepen a global supply glut.
Chinese refineries processed 10.71 million barrels per day (bpd) in July, National Bureau of Statistics data showed, down around 500,000 bpd from June and the lowest rate since September 2016.
Analysts said the drop was steeper than expected, exacerbating concerns that a glut of refined fuel products could weaken Chinese demand for oil.
Global benchmark Brent crude futures LCOc1 were at $51.74 a barrel at 1134 GMT, down 36 cents from Friday's close. They touched a low of $51.61 earlier in the session. U.S. West Texas Intermediate crude futures CLc1 were trading at $48.51, down 31 cents.
Investors were also cautious after data published by oil services firm Baker Hughes on Friday showed explorers increased U.S. oil drilling capacity for the second time in three weeks, extending a 15-month recovery.
The rising rig count hints at sustained output growth just as the world's major oil producers, excluding the United States, try to stem oversupply by trimming production.
Efforts by the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries and other oil producers to limit output have helped prop up prices above $50 a barrel.
Breaching this threshold has meant more money managers are betting on further gains in Brent, with the latest ICE exchange data showing investors last week raised net long holdings of the commodity by the highest amount this year.
This contrasts with more bearish bets placed in the U.S. market, where investors cut net long U.S. crude positions last week, according to the U.S. Commodity Futures Trading Commission.
Oversupply has been exacerbated by rising production in OPEC member Libya, which is exempt from a global deal to cut output and has been trying to regain its pre-war production levels.
"The recovery in Libyan production has been the single largest factor driving global supply growth in the last few months," oil analysts at Panmure Gordon wrote.
Libya's National Oil Corp (NOC) said on Monday it was investigating security violations at its biggest oilfield, Sharara.
Sharara has been producing around 270,000 bpd but the NOC did not specify whether the violations had affected output.
Workers at the country's Zueitina export terminal have also threatened to block a tanker due to dock on Saturday unless demands for salary and overtime payments are met.
President Trump on Monday branded members of the KKK, neo-Nazis and white supremacists as “criminals and thugs.” (Photo: Pablo Martinez Monsivais / AP)
Bedminster, N.J. — Under relentless pressure, President Donald Trump on Monday named and condemned “repugnant” hate groups and declared that “racism is evil” in a far more forceful statement than he'd made earlier after deadly, race-fueled weekend clashes in Charlottesville, Virginia.
Trump's initial failure on Saturday to denounce the groups by name — instead he bemoaned violence on “many sides” — prompted criticism from fellow Republicans as well as Democrats. This time, the president described members of the KKK, neo-Nazis and white supremacists who take part in violence as “criminals and thugs” in a prepared statement he read at the White House.
“Racism is evil,” he said, singling out the hate groups as “repugnant to everything that we hold dear as Americans.”
“Those who spread violence in the name of bigotry strike at the very core of America,” he said.
In his remarks he also called for unity.
“We must love each other, show affection for each other and unite together in condemnation of hatred, bigotry and violence. We must rediscover the bonds of love and loyalty that bring us together as Americans,” he said.
Trump also, for the first time, mentioned Heather Heyer by name, as he paid tribute to the woman killed when a car plowed into a group of anti-racist counter-protesters in Charlottesville.
The president left after his statement without acknowledging reporters' shouted questions. At an event on trade later in the day, he was asked why it took two days for him to offer an explicit denunciation of the hate groups.
“They have been condemned,” Trump responded before offering a fresh criticism of some media as “fake news.”
Trump noted that the Justice Department has opened a civil rights investigation into the car crash that killed Heyer.
“To anyone who acted criminally in this weekend's racist violence, you will be held fully accountable. Justice will be delivered,” he said.
His attorney general, Jeff Sessions, said earlier Monday that the violence “does meet the definition of domestic terrorism in our statute.”
Sessions told ABC's “Good Morning America,” ‘'You can be sure we will charge and advance the investigation toward the most serious charges that can be brought, because this is an unequivocally unacceptable and evil attack that cannot be accepted in America.”
Trump gave his statement after meeting with Sessions and FBI Director Christopher Wray.
In the hours after the incident on Saturday, Trump addressed the violence in broad strokes, saying that he condemns “in the strongest possible terms this egregious display of hatred, bigotry and violence on many sides, on many sides.”
That was met with swift bipartisan criticism.
Virginia Gov. Terry McAuliffe, a Democrat, said he spoke to Trump in the hours after the clashes and twice told the president “we have to stop this hateful speech, this rhetoric.” He said he urged Trump “to come out stronger” against the actions of white supremacists.
Republicans joined Democrats in criticizing the president for not specifically calling out white nationalists. Sen. Cory Gardner of Colorado said Sunday on NBC, “This isn't a time for innuendo or to allow room to be read between the lines. This is a time to lay blame.”
The White House scrambled to stem the tide of criticism, dispatching aides to the Sunday talk shows and sending out a statement that more forcefully denounced the hate groups.
But the White House did not attach a name to the statement. Usually, a statement would be signed by the press secretary or another staffer; not putting a name to one eliminates an individual's responsibility and often undercuts the significance.
White nationalists had assembled in Charlottesville to vent their frustration against the city's plans to take down a statue of Confederal Gen. Robert E. Lee. Counter-protesters massed in opposition.
Alt-right leader Richard Spencer and former Ku Klux Klan leader David Duke attended the demonstrations. Duke told reporters that the white nationalists were working to “fulfill the promises of Donald Trump.”
Trump's initial comments drew praise from the neo-Nazi website Daily Stormer, which wrote: “Trump comments were good. He didn't attack us. He just said the nation should come together. Nothing specific against us. … No condemnation at all.” The website had been promoting the Charlottesville demonstration as part of its “Summer of Hate” edition.
Trump, as a presidential candidate, frequently came under scrutiny for being slow to offer his condemnation of white supremacists. His strongest denunciations of the movement have not come voluntarily, only when asked, and he occasionally has trafficked in retweets of racist social media posts during his campaign. His chief strategist, Steve Bannon, once declared that his former news site, Breitbart, was “the platform for the alt-right.”
Early Monday, the CEO of the nation's third largest pharmaceutical company said he was resigning from the President's American Manufacturing Council, citing “a responsibility to take a stand against intolerance and extremism.”
Trump lashed back almost immediately at Merck CEO Kenneth Frazier on Twitter, saying Frazier “will have more time to LOWER RIPOFF DRUG PRICES!”
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Read or Share this story: http://detne.ws/2uFTSBm
He became a hero for many on the night of August 10 when he spent his own money to keep the children at Gorakhpur's BRD Hospital alive. From parents of the children to the Seema Suraksha Bal, everyone has been praising the doctor. Well, almost everyone.The Yogi Adityanath government, it seems, is not a fan. For Dr Kafeel Khan, the head of the encephalitis ward and an assistant professor at the Pediatric department, has been removed from the post of nodal officer at the National Health Mission.The National Health Mission ‎works in coordination with the state government in the fight against encephalitis.News18 had reported on Saturday on the crucial role played by Dr Khan on the intervening night of August 10 and 11 when he spent his own money and ran from pillar-to-post to procure oxygen cylinders to save as many children as he could.At the end of the massive effort, his team and Dr Khan wept for the children they could not save.These revelations by News18 are enough to question the UP government's action against the doctor.The basic charge levelled against Dr Khan by the office of DG Medical Education is that he collected oxygen cylinders from his private hospital.Speaking to the media, DG Medical Education KK Gupta said: “The role of Dr Kafeel Khan is under the scanner over how he managed the oxygen cylinders and from which sources.” The DG also hinted at Dr Khan's private practice.News18 now has enough proof to question the government's action against Dr Khan. This proof has come from the Sashastra Seema Bal, the central police force.According to SSB's Public Relations Officer OP Sahu, “It was an unprecedented crisis situation at the BRD Medical College on 10th of August. Dr Khan came to DIG SSB and requested for a truck, so that oxygen cylinders could be collected from various locations and be taken to the medical college.”“The DIG also provided 11 jawans of the medical wing to assist the staff at BRD Medical College. For hours, our truck collected oxygen cylinders from various locations, including a godown ‎in Khalilabad and ferried them to the medical college where it was a situation of acute crisis,” Sahu said.“Dr Khan's efforts and SSB's assistance helped in fighting the crisis,” he added.Investigation done by News18 has also exposed claims that Dr Khan is a rape accused. In fact, documents in possession of News18 show that the charge, levelled in 2015, was found to be false. The police later filed a final report in the case.News18 also found out that Dr Khan had no role in purchase of drugs or procurement of oxygen. A top source told News18 that Dr Khan was not in the purchase committee.Replying to media's questions on Dr Khan's alleged role in drug and oxygen purchase, DG Medical Education KK Gupta too didn't have any specific answers. ‎”I have no information about this,” he said.Questions arise on why the government took this step against Dr Khan. Is it an attempt to divert attention, or part of a larger cover-up?
A previously undetected group of Russian-language hackers silently stole nearly US$10 million from at least 18 mostly U.S. and Russian banks in recent years by targeting interbank transfer systems, a Moscow-based security firm said on Monday.
FRANKFURT: A previously undetected group of Russian-language hackers silently stole nearly US$10 million from at least 18 mostly U.S. and Russian banks in recent years by targeting interbank transfer systems, a Moscow-based security firm said on Monday.
Group-IB warned that the attacks, which began 18 months ago and allow money to be robbed from bank automated teller machines (ATMs), appear to be ongoing and that banks in Latin America could be targeted next.
The first attack occurred in the spring of 2016 against First Data's "STAR" network, the largest U.S. bank transfer messaging system connecting ATMs at more than 5,000 organizations, Group-IB researchers said in a 36-page report.
The firm said it was continuing to investigate a number of incidents where hackers studied how to make money transfers through the SWIFT banking system, while stopping short of saying whether any such attacks had been carried out successfully.
SWIFT said in October that hackers were still targeting its interbank messaging system, but security controls instituted after last year's US$81 million heist at Bangladesh's central bank had thwarted many of those attempts. (http://reut.rs/2z1b7Bo)
Group-IB has dubbed the hacker group "MoneyTaker" after the name of software it used to hijack payment orders to then cash out funds through a network of low-level "money mules" who were hired to pick up money from automated teller machines.
Advertisement
Advertisement
The security researchers said they had identified 18 banks who were hit including 15 across 10 states in the United States, two in Russia and one in Britain. Beside banks, financial software firms and one law firm were targeted.
The average amount of money stolen in each of 14 U.S. ATM heists was US$500,000 per incident. Losses in Russia averaged US$1.2 million per incident, but one bank there managed to catch the attack and return some of the stolen funds, Group-IB said.
Hackers also stole documentation for OceanSystems' Fed Link transfer system used by 200 banks in Latin America and the United States, it said. In addition, they successfully attacked the Russian interbank messaging system known as AW CRB.
Once hackers penetrated targeted banks and financial organizations, they stole internal bank documentation in order to mount future ATM attacks, Group-IB said. In Russia, the hackers continued to spy on bank networks after break-ins, while at least one U.S. bank had documents robbed twice, it said.
sentifi.com Channel NewsAsia - Sentifi topic widget
Group-IB said it had notified Interpol and Europol in order to assist in law enforcement investigations.
The unidentified hackers used a mix of constantly changing tools and tactics to bypass anti virus and other traditional security software while being careful to eliminate traces of their operations, helping them to go largely unnoticed. To disguise their moves, hackers used security certificates from brands such as Bank of America, the Fed, Microsoft and Yahoo.
(Reporting by Eric Auchard; editing by Mark Heinrich)
London: Vijay Mallya's extradition trial is set to hear more expert witness statements on Tuesday as the fugitive liquor tycoon's defence seeks to establish that there are no grounds to force him to return to India to face allegations of fraud over his now-defunct Kingfisher Airlines.
Lawrence Saez, a professor in the Department of Politics at the School of Oriental and Asian Studies (SOAS) in London, is set to take the stand first at Westminster Magistrates' Court this morning to give his expert opinion on the Indian political system.
His witness statement will be followed by the second half of the cross-examination of Paul Rex, the banking expert deposed by Mallya's defence last week.
The trial, which opened at the London court on 4 December, is aimed at laying out a prima facie case of fraud against the 61-year-old embattled businessman, who has been based in the UK since March 2016.
It will also seek to prove that there are no "bars to extradition" and that Mallya is assured a fair trial in India over his erstwhile airline's alleged default of over Rs 9,000 crores in loans from a consortium of Indian banks.
On Monday, Judge Emma Arbuthnot had directed the Crown Prosecution Service (CPS), arguing on behalf of the Indian government, to clearly lay out its case in its closing submissions because she feels "very uncertain" about how the Indian banks are involved in the wider case of "conspiracy" involving Mallya.
Both sides are expected to wrap up proceedings later this week on Thursday, Wednesday marked as a non-sitting day.
Mallya's barrister, Clare Montgomery, has requested the judge for a short hearing after both sides hand in their written closing submissions to present brief oral submissions.
CPS barrister Mark Summers has indicated that he does not require time for oral as well as written submissions. The judge will determine the course of the closing arguments and a date for her ruling by Thursday, marked as the last day of the trial so far.
Besides the expert witness statements of Alan Mitchell on Indian prison conditions, the final day of the hearing on 14 December is expected to centre around arguments for and against the "admissibility" of some of the evidence presented by the Indian authorities which had been questioned by Mallya's defence.
Mallya was arrested by Scotland Yard on an extradition warrant in April this year and has been out on bail on a bond worth 650,000 pounds.
Chief Magistrate Arbuthnot will present her ruling within a timeframe she sets out at the end of the trial. If she rules in favour of the Indian government, the UK home secretary will have to sign Mallya's extradition order within two months.
Both sides are expected to have the chance to appeal in higher courts in the UK against the chief magistrate's verdict.
LANSING, Mich. (AP)  The Latest on Flint's water crisis (all times local):
6:10 p.m.
Michigan Gov. Rick Snyder is sticking by a decision to end state-funded credits on customers' water bills in Flint.
He says he and Flint Mayor Karen Weaver had a "constructive" meeting Tuesday, but he reaffirmed that the credits will last through February because the water's lead level is no longer above a federal limit. Residents are still using filters.
Advertisement
Weaver, who did not speak with reporters after the meeting at Snyder's office, had criticized eliminating the credits that apply retroactively to 2014 and after.
Snyder says he and the mayor also spoke about replacing lead pipes and ways to bring jobs to the impoverished city.
___
6 p.m.
A Flint hospital is firing back against the state of Michigan after officials ordered the hospital to immediately fix conditions they suspect post an ongoing public health threat of Legionella bacteria.
McLaren Flint said Monday the state provided "absolutely no support" during a deadly Legionnaires' disease outbreak in 2014 and 2015 in Genesee County.
The hospital says now that criminal charges have been filed against current and former state and city employees, the state is "retroactively casting blame" for cases it did nothing about for years.
The state Department of Health and Human Services issued the order Monday. It says there is reasonable belief that McLaren Flint's water system is a "nuisance, is in an unsanitary condition, and is a possible source of illness."
___
3:35 p.m.
Michigan is ordering a Flint hospital to immediately fix conditions the state suspects pose on ongoing public health threat of Legionella bacteria.
The state Department of Health and Human Services issued the order Monday. It says there is reasonable belief that McLaren Flint's water system is a "nuisance, is in an unsanitary condition, and is a possible source of illness."
The state says 10 of the 12 Legionnaires' disease deaths that some outside experts have linked to Flint's water crisis are associated with the hospital, but it has failed to provide sufficient information verifying compliance with federal recommendations. The state also cites a 2014 analysis conducted for McLaren by a company that said it appeared Flint's water supply was not contributing to Legionella issues at the hospital.
A hospital spokeswoman could not immediately be reached for comment.
___
9:45 a.m.
The mayor of Flint is meeting with Michigan's governor to discuss the state's decision to no longer fund residential water bill credits or help the beleaguered city pay for water from a Detroit-area system.
Flint Mayor Karen Weaver is expected to meet with Gov. Rick Snyder in Lansing Tuesday afternoon.
State officials announced Jan. 24 that the financial assistance will stop at the end of February because the level of lead in Flint's water no longer exceeds the federal limit.
Michigan has partially covered customers' bills dating back to April 2014. Snyder's office estimates the state will have spent $41 million on that by the end of February.
Snyder's spokeswoman Anne Heaton said Monday that the elimination of credits and other payments isn't a sign of Michigan abandoning Flint.
President Donald Trump's Oval Office style dominated U.S. headlines in 2017, but readers were particularly perplexed by his use of the word "covfefe," in what turned out to be one of the oddest news stories of the year.
NEW YORK: President Donald Trump's Oval Office style dominated U.S. headlines in 2017, but readers were particularly perplexed by his use of the word "covfefe," in what turned out to be one of the oddest news stories of the year.
A tweet by Trump in May read simply: "Despite the constant negative press covfefe."
White House officials batted away questions about what the word meant and even the dictionary company Merriam-Webster drew a blank. Trump left it up to the reader to divine his meaning, with a follow-up: "Who can figure out the true meaning of 'covfefe' ??? Enjoy!"
But he was not alone in leaving readers scratching their heads. Even outside Washington, the year produced a spate of weird news, including odd pranks and poorly considered crimes.
Los Angeles residents awoke on New Year's Day to find the four-story white letters of the world-famous "Hollywood" sign had been altered to read: "Hollyweed." The prank came just two months after California voters approved the recreational use of marijuana despite a federal ban.
Austin, Texas, police were tipped off to an illegal brothel when hundreds of condoms clogged a city sewer pipe in March. The blockage at Jade Massage Therapy was the smoking gun that led to the arrest of two people for prostitution and money laundering.
Advertisement
Advertisement
U.S. Customs and Border Protection agents were spared a spine-chilling surprise when a California man was arrested in July for trying to smuggle three highly poisonous king cobra snakes hidden in potato chip canisters.
Crooks had planned the latest haul of snakes in a can after all 20 king cobras in a previous shipment died in transit, authorities said.
Back in the political arena, an octogenarian ex-con New Jersey politician revived her burlesque act at a May fundraiser - although she kept her clothes on.
Former Jersey City Deputy Mayor Leona Beldini, who is in her early 80s and danced as "Hope Diamond," performed in a gown and feather boa to raise cash for a non-profit dance company, three years after being released from prison following a bribery conviction.
Animal stories also captured the public's attention.
Millions watched via webcam as April, a giraffe, gave birth to a 6-foot-tall (1.83-meter) male calf. From around the globe, her fans watched her endure the conclusion of a 16-month pregnancy at Animal Adventure Park in Harpursville, New York - in April, of course.
Months earlier, a small moth with a yellowish-white coif of scales was named for then-President-elect Trump, who wears a similar hairstyle, researchers told the scientific journal ZooKeys.
The new species of insect, Neopalpa donaldtrumpi, is native to Southern California and Mexico's Baja California, and is likely capable of flying over the proposed border wall with Mexico that was a central promise of Trump's presidential campaign.
(Editing by Scott Malone and Bernadette Baum)
JAKARTA: The speaker of Indonesia's parliament, who is being investigated for his suspected involvement in a graft scandal, has tendered his resignation, several members of the assembly said on Monday.
A replacement for Setya Novanto as speaker is expected to be decided by his party, Golkar, at an extraordinary meeting on Dec. 19, said Dito Ganinduto, a member of parliament from Golkar.
Novanto had not resigned as chairman of the Golkar Party, Ganinduto said.
(Reporting by Agustinus Beo Da Costa and Bernadette Christina Munthe; Writing by Fergus Jensen)
NEW YORK (Reuters) - Three women who have accused U.S. President Donald Trump of sexual misconduct called on Monday for a congressional investigation into his behaviour amid a wave of similar accusations against prominent men in Hollywood, the media and politics. Over the past two years, more than a dozen women have accused Trump of making unwanted sexual advances years against them before he entered politics. Three of his accusers, Jessica Leeds, Rachel Crooks, and Samantha Holvey said at a news conference on Monday that the accusations warranted new consideration given the broader discussion of sexual harassment in U.S. society. Brave New Films, a nonprofit filmmaker, produced a video featuring 16 of Trump's accusers and organised the news conference in New York on Monday. In the film, women accused Trump of kissing them without permission, grabbing their private parts, putting his hand up their skirts, or making other unwanted advances. Congress should “put aside their party affiliations and investigate Mr. Trump's history of sexual misconduct,” said Crooks, a former receptionist for a real estate firm, who was flanked by Leeds and Holvey. The women said they do not think Trump will resign over the allegations but that he should be held accountable. Trump and White House officials have denied the allegations, some of which date back to the 1980s. “These false claims, totally disputed in most cases by eyewitness accounts, were addressed at length during last year's campaign, and the American people voiced their judgment by delivering a decisive victory,” a White House spokesperson said in a statement on Monday, questioning the women's timing and political motives. (L-R) Rachel Crooks, a former receptionist in Trump Tower in 2005, Jessica Leeds and Samantha Holvey, a former Miss North Carolina, exit a news conference for the film "16 Women and Donald Trump" which focuses on women who have publicly accused President Trump of sexual misconduct, in Manhattan, New York, U.S., December 11, 2017. REUTERS/Andrew KellyTrump, a Republican, faces legal action in one related case. A number of powerful and high-profile men have been accused in recent months of sexual misconduct, including three members of Congress, Hollywood film producer Harvey Weinstein and former NBC news anchor Matt Lauer. Reuters has not independently verified the accusations against Trump, Weinstein, Lauer or the three congressmen. Slideshow (6 Images)Nikki Haley, the U.S. ambassador to the United Nations and one of the most high-profile women in Trump's administration, said on Sunday that any woman who has felt mistreated by a man has the right to speak up, even if she is accusing the president. Democrat Chris Coons, a member of the Senate Judiciary panel, said it was unlikely that the Republican-controlled Congress would act on the accusations, which were known before the November 2016 presidential election. “My hunch is it gets reviewed at the next election,” Coons told CNN. Sexual harassment accusations have also been made against Republican candidate Roy Moore who is running in a U.S. Senate race this week in Alabama. Trump has backed Moore, a former judge, even as congressional Republicans denounced the candidate and called on him to pull out of the race. The accusations against Trump emerged during the 2016 presidential campaign when a videotape surfaced of a 2005 conversation caught on an open microphone in which Trump spoke in vulgar terms about trying to have sex with women. Trump apologised for the remarks, but called them private “locker-room talk” and said he had not done the things he talked about.
This story has not been edited by Firstpost staff and is generated by auto-feed.
For many, the thought of following a vegan or vegetarian diet is unfathomable. We know, burgers are awesome. Especially when they're wrapped in bacon.
But an analysis of beef consumption in the United States as it concerns greenhouse gas emissions shows that by taking one step toward a more plant-based diet, America could come much closer to meeting the greenhouse gas goals set by former President Obama.
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
If every American (yes, it's a tall order) were to switch out beef for beans — even if they continued to eat chicken, pork, and dairy — the country could achieve 46 to 74% of the reductions needed to meet the 2020 greenhouse gas target.
The basic premise is this: crops like beans are grown for human consumption, but also to feed cattle. The cattle eat tons of beans (literally, tons), convert it to meat in their bodies, and emit greenhouse gas before being made into meat for us to eat.
Most Popular
If you skip the step of farming so many plant crops for the purpose of animal consumption, there would be much more arable land — 42 percent more free cropland in the U.S., to be exact.
This is not currently being considered as a climate policy option, and as researcher Helen Harwatt told The Atlantic, "I think there's genuinely a lack of awareness about how much impact this sort of change can have."
She calls it a "worst-first" approach, because it tackles the largest source of greenhouse gas emissions in the food system.
While it's highly unlikely the vast majority of the population will adopt this eating habit, substituting beans for beef is a very simple goal for those wanting to take action at the individual level.
Follow Delish on Instagram.
Download the Delish app.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
ST. LOUIS (KPLR) - Tuesday was Valentine's Day, and the second busiest day for flower sales of the year, with Mother's Day being the first.
It's also a night were many couples are trying to find the perfect place to eat out and celebrate.
Fox 2's Patrick Clark was at White Castle on Manchester Road which could be one of many romantic spots for some tonight.
Dave Welch of the Texas Pastor Council (YouTube)
0 Share with your friends Submit
Dave Welch and his cohorts pose a significant, coordinated threat to equality in the Lone Star State and beyond.
Houston's formidable anti-LGBTQ zealot Dave Welch wants to expand the influence of his U.S. Pastor Council beyond its current Texas boundaries, and he is off to a pretty good start with the recent indirect blessing of the Trump administration.
Two like-minded, powerful ministers who are equally committed to trampling on LGBT rights in their cities—Pastor Robert Jeffress of First Baptist Church of Dallas and Pastor John Hagee of Cornerstone Church in San Antonio—officiated at the opening of the U.S. Embassy in Jerusalem May 14, delivering the opening and closing prayers respectively. The appearances of both at the ceremony stunned many politicians and human rights leaders, not so much because of the pastors' virulent anti-gay views, but instead owing to their unabashed condemnations of Jewish people.
Jeffress claims in sermons that Jews are going to hell, and Hagee dubs Hitler as a “hunter” commissioned and sent to earth by God to return Jews to Israel. The denunciations also extend to Muslims, Mormons and even the Catholic Church. The discriminatory language is common to Southern Baptist theology, which threatens the faithful with hellfire and damnation if they stray.
The reach of the Southern Baptist ministry is long in Texas, and that includes the state's most liberal city. In February 2017, Christian pastors gathered at Hyde Park Baptist Church in Austin to develop strategy for promoting anti-transgender “bathroom bills.” With that addition, a network of anti-LGBTQ institutions come to play in all of Texas' largest cities. Not all of the pastors are members of Welch's council, but they all share a common goal—to suppress and reverse LGBTQ equality gains.
In the past, smaller towns and cities represented the stronghold of conservative religious political control, but that could change. Texas' larger cities could come under a heavier coordinated attack from conservatives aiming to turn back LGBTQ progress.
Since Welch founded the U.S. Pastor Council, also known as the Houston Area Pastor Council and the Texas Pastor Council, in 2012, the organization has grown slowly but powerfully nonetheless.Despite yearly budgets reflecting total contributions of only $1.8 million in five years, according to the nonprofit's Form 990 for 2016, the group convinced voters to shoot down Houston's anti-bias ordinance protecting LGBTQ people in 2015. In that election year, the group raised $833,749, by far the largest fundraising year in its history.
The group's success overturning the ordinance surprised many because in 2009 Houston voters elected an out lesbian, Annise Parker, as mayor. By organizing church congregations in Houston, Welch and his team of strident pastors managed to strike fear in conservative voters in 2016 with the slogan, “No Men in Women's Restrooms,” a version of the debunked transgender bathroom myth. In 2017, the Texas Supreme Court ruled that same-sex spouses of government employees are not entitled to marriage benefits, a decision that grew out of a lawsuit filed in 2013 by a pastor council member who objected to Mayor Parker's plan to award spousal benefits to same-sex couples working for the City of Houston.
As executive director, president and the only employee of the council at a salary of $95,090 as of 2016, Welch makes no secret of his ambition to grow the organization to influence voting patterns nationwide. He started the movement in 2003 when he formed the Houston Area Pastor Council with 12 associate pastors. That group served as the nucleus for the current council, which boasts a membership of 200 pastor members in the Houston area and pastor councils in Austin, Beaumont, Corpus Christi, El Paso, Fort Bend County, Montgomery County, and Waco. If Welch continues his success, he will easily recruit pastors in other states who will want to follow his model and form their own councils to achieve political gains favorable to conservative religious interests.
The councils orchestrate the involvement of pastors in influencing how congregants vote by distributing voter guides, registering congregants to vote and discussing politics and religion with congregants—all questionable activities as regards the status of tax-exempt entities for religious purposes.
Prior to forming the Houston Pastor Council in 2003, Welch served as the executive director of Vision America from 1999 to 2001. It is another national conservative religious organization operating in Keller, Texas, that opposes LGBTQ rights. It is led by John Graves, who is the president of the organization. Vision America's founder, Rick Scarborough, moved to Washington, D.C. in March to lobby Congress, and much of his work will focus on fighting LGBTQ rights.
Another foe of LGBT rights with whom Welch serves an allegiance is Jonathan M. Saenz, president of Texas Values, the chief anti-LGBTQ lobbying group in Austin.
LGBTQ rights are not Welch's only focus, but it is the one that gains him the most publicity and contributions. He also decries abortion rights, the evolvement of the Boy Scouts, any efforts to regulate the sale of guns and any other progressive cause.
Welch attributed the defeat of anti-trans bathroom legislation in 2017 to corporate interests, or “fat cats” as he called them, who feared such legislation would harm business in the state. In the wake of the loss, he vowed that he and his associates would continue to fight any measure that benefits the LGBTQ community. That includes, the right to marry, despite its guarantee in the Constitution as interpreted by the U.S. Supreme Court in 2015.
The views of conservatives like Welch, Jeffress, Hagee, Graves, Scarborough and Saenz pose the greatest threat to LGBTQ people seen in many decades. The new political and social climate ushered in by the election of Donald J. Trump as president created a hotbed for the spread of intolerance and dissension in American society. Texas already fostered the climate, but it is now more dangerous. It makes dedication to maintaining human rights gains as important as seeking new advancements.
Comments
Advertisement
The increment in transport fare of BRT and LAGBUS buses approved by the Lagos State Government and announced on Monday by the Managing Director of the Lagos Metropolitan Area Transport Authority, Abiodun Dabiri, has attracted the outright condemnation of the Lagos State Council of the Trade Union Congress of Nigeria.
The TUC in Lagos State said it feels pained that such bus fare increment, which it translated to mean more hardship in all spheres of life, could be undertaken at this critical point that there is economic hardship occasioned by failure of governance.
It added in the statement: “We therefore insist that this fare hike is insensitive, wicked, ungodly and draconian, to say the least. The move further exposes the state government as being completely out of touch with the realities of the suffering of the masses of the state.”
“It will be recalled that the TUC, its counterpart, the Nigeria Labour Congress, and the civil society bodies were forced to stage a protest rally last week because of the pains Nigerians are going through; unfortunately the state government appears indifferent of our plight.
Advertisement
“It has become instructive to state that the BRT AND LAGBUS are monopolistic undertakings of some private individuals and moneybags; who is a contrary to fair practice are unduly allocated a section of the public road to the detriment of other people in transport business. We submit that the business is viable at the prevailing fares due to the untenable principle of monopoly, as the single largest transport system at the heart of Lagos. And that approval of 20-50% fare hike as an error must be corrected through the withdrawal of the increment. The unilateral nature of the increment without due consultation with other stakeholders including the TUC to examine all the issues related to the increment is condemnable. Hence the Lagos State Council of TUC hereby calls on Governor Ambode to correct his mistake by withdrawing the approval immediately.”
The statement was signed by the Lagos State Chairman of the TUC, Comrade Francis Ogunremi.
The operatives of the Nigeria Police have moved Senator Dino Melaye out of hospital in an ambulance marked NPF 221 D.
Melaye was moved out at about 9:21pm by men of the Nigeria Police on a stretcher into a police ambulance and driven to National Hospital, Abuja.
Two medical doctors at the Zanklin Hospital Abuja, who had certified the unconscious senator unfit to be moved out of the private hospital were arrested by the team of the police personnel, led by the FCT Commissioner, Mr Sadiq Bello.
Melaye's younger brother who was with him at the hospital was also arrested by the police.
Also the Inspector-General of Police, Ibrahim Idris, has ordered probe of the escape and re-arrest from custody Dino Melaye.
ACP Jimoh Moshood, Force PRO, Force HQ, Abuja, in a statement said ‘the Inspector General of Police has directed a thorough investigation into the circumstances leading to the rescue and escape of Senator Dino Melaye from lawful custody.”
He said that Dino Melaye on Tuesday at about 12 noon while in lawful custody of the Nigeria Police Force and being taken for arraignment in Federal High Court, Lokoja from Abuja, escaped from lawful custody when hoodlums and miscreants in Two (2) Toyota Hilux Vehicles blocked the Police vehicle conveying Senator Dino Melaye around Area 1 Round About, Abuja and in the process the Senator jumped out of the Police vehicle through the window and was rescued from the Police men by hoodlums and miscreants to an unknown destination.
He further said that the Police team re-enforced and trailed Senator Dino Melaye to Zankli Hospital, Abuja where he was re-arrested.
The said would be arraigned in court without further delay.
Meanwhile, one of the Toyota Hilux vehicles used by the hoodlums and miscreants in aiding the escape of the Senator has been recovered by the Police investigation team
On Monday no fewer than 15 armed policemen on Monday, laid siege to the Abuja residence of Sen. Dino Melaye.
The armed men who barricaded the street leading to the lawmaker's house on Sangha Street, Maitama, Abuja were strategically positioned in and around the premises.
Gov. Ibrahim Dankwambo of Gombe State on Wednesday sworn-in two high court judges and two khadis of the State Sharia Court of Appeal.
The two judges are Malam Mohammed Haruna and Hajiya Fatima Musa, while the Khadis are Malam Hadi Aminu and Malam Mohammed Inuwa.
While congratulating the judicial officers, Dankwambo said they were appointed after a thorough and rigorous screening exercise by both the state Judicial Service Commission and the National Judicial Council (NJC).
According to him, the two statutory bodies are saddled with the responsibility of appointing judicial officers in the country.
“The approval for the appointment of the two judges and khadis was also made possible after the satisfactory inspection of court facilities in the state by NJC.
“Their appointments are based on their track record of experience, proven integrity, hard work and dedication to service,'' Dankwambo said.
The governor noted that with the swearing-in of the two new high court judges and two khadis, his administration had so far facilitated the appointment of four judges and four khadis.
He urged them to maintain the “noble trust and confidence” reposed in them.
“You must rise up to the high expectation of the citizenry as regards the role and aspirations of the judiciary and prove that the judiciary is a stronghold of hope of the common man.”
HONG KONG: Hong Kong police said on Tuesday they had arrested a prominent member of the opposition Democratic Party for "misleading police" after he claimed he had been assaulted and illegally detained by mainland Chinese agents in the city.
Howard Lam was shown on local television being taken away by police in a van with handcuffs in the early hours of Monday morning. He was questioned at a police station, with evidence taken from his home including a tablet computer, mobile phones and a pair of sunglasses.
"We believe the information he gave is false," Cheng Lai-ki, a superintendent of police, told reporters. The police said in a statement that Lam had been arrested for "misleading police".
Lam had last week held a press conference, claiming he had been beaten by mainland Chinese agents in Hong Kong before being dumped on a beach in what activists said was a shocking breach of Hong Kong's autonomy by Chinese authorities.
Hong Kong, a former British colony that returned to Chinese rule in 1997, was handed back amid promises that Beijing would grant the city a large degree of autonomy and freedoms not allowed in mainland China, under a so-called "one country, two systems" arrangement.
Lam, a longstanding and active member of the city's largest and most established opposition political group, the Democratic Party, said he had also been warned in a telephone call not to give an autographed photograph from Barcelona's star footballer Lionel Messi to the widow of Chinese dissident Liu Xiaobo.
Advertisement
Advertisement
Lam said he was confronted by men speaking Mandarin, the main language in mainland China but not widely used in Cantonese-speaking Hong Kong, outside a sports store. Lam wasn't, however, able to give concrete evidence to back up his claims the men were Chinese agents.
Lam had said the men took him away and interrogated him in a nine-hour ordeal. He also showed reporters wounds on his body, including welts and a series of metal staples that he said the men had punched into his skin for being "unpatriotic". He was knocked out and eventually found himself dumped on a remote beach, Lam added.
But in CCTV footage carried on local television, a man in sunglasses and a medical face mask with a passing resemblance to Lam was shown walking freely in the area at the time of the purported abduction.
Lam, when shown the footage, said that he believed the man in the footage was not him.
Lam couldn't be immediately reached by Reuters for comment.
(Reporting by James Pomfret; Editing by Michael Perry)
Kendall Waston gave a country devastated by Tropical Storm Nate something to cheer about last year, sending exultation surging through the hearts of Los Ticos and their fans with his 11th-hour goal against Honduras to send Costa Rica to the World Cup.
He gave them pride. Last week, he salvaged their honour.
The Vancouver Whitecaps' centre-back and captain was his country's only goal-scorer in this year's tournament, slamming home a header in a 2-2 tie with Switzerland last Wednesday, as Costa Rica ended the World Cup without a win.
A country celebrated as he was engulfed by his teammates in a roiling swarm of white jerseys and head slaps, but Waston's thoughts turned to the stands where his wife, Priscila Robles, celebrated.
“It was very special. When I scored, it was a nice moment, a great feeling, and I remember watching my wife, and she was so happy,” Waston said Tuesday. “For me, her happiness was amazing.”
The Ticos were already eliminated from advancing beyond the group stage after losing their first two games of the tournament — Waston sat out both — but he started the third game against Switzerland. He was a national hero already thanks to his goal in qualifying, but his header in Russia will make him a national icon. He'll likely never have to pay for a dish of Gallo Pinto at home ever again.
“Maybe not,” laughed Waston, who left last week's Caps game with a groin pull and likely won't play this weekend vs. Chicago.
“It was a nice experience, in the way that I could make my debut, and obviously the goal. But on the other side, we didn't qualify for the next round. But I came back with a great experience, and I enjoyed it a lot.
“(Before the last game), we were talking about playing for our honour, because it's not pretty playing the last game with nothing to fight for. We knew that we wanted to leave a good impression for ourself, and for our country.”
Waston's name was known to millions, but now that the tournament is done, you can start counting that in billions. Scoring on a stage of that magnitude has raised his profile to a towering degree; teams from bigger leagues will inevitably come sniffing for the talented 6-foot-4 defender.
And Waston knows it.
“I know that in the World Cup, there are a lot of eyes,” he said coyly, when asked about possibly transfers to another team.
“And you never know where you're going to end (up). But I try to play each game at 100 per cent, and I'm happy here, but … it is what it is,” he added, chuckling.
If that happened, it would spell the end of an era for the Caps' defence. The impact of Tim Parker leaving — we'll get to that in a moment — undercut their defensive integrity, but the loss of Waston would be catastrophic.
He's been his usual imposing self this season, currently second in clearances (63) and aerial battles won (38), and leading the team in shots blocked (13). The two-time Whitecaps player of the year, he's also been in the top three in voting for MLS defensive player of the year twice in the past three seasons, last year leading MLS with 104 headed clearances.
His defensive efficiency is unquestionable. But Waston leaving would also be devastating for a team suddenly searching for offence, specifically on what used to be a strength: set pieces.
The Caps didn't get one this season until May 11, after leading the league with 18 last year, four coming from their big centre-back. They have just two this year, one coming off of Waston's head.
“The deliveries have been there; I think we've missed a number of chances, whether it's from free headers or bad misses, and that's the reality of what we've done in open play as well,” said coach Carl Robinson. “You have to give credit to other teams sometimes for marking, and our movement needs to be better in the box. (On the weekend), we got into some good areas from set pieces, but we mistimed our jump or someone blocked us, and that wasn't happening last year.”
It's clear how big of a factor the departure of Parker — sent to the New York Red Bulls in a trade for Felipe — has been. With Waston's former partner-in-heights, the Red Bulls lead the league in set-piece goals (20) and headed goals (9), while Parker and Aaron Long have combined to put New York atop the league in aerials won (20.2 per game) as well.
The Caps have been blanked the past two games, though the road to defeat was drastically different in the two losses. Against Philadelphia on the road, they barely had any possession — or a pulse, for that matter — and lost 4-0. Against Colorado at home, they were far more lively, but couldn't capitalize on their torrent of scoring chances, and lost 1-0 on an own goal.
If they aren't able to capitalize on counterattacks — the Caps' calling card, as they lead the league with seven counter-strike goals — offence has been tougher to find. They have just 12 goals from open play, better only than Seattle's 10.
So it seems that a second straight home game — this time Saturday against the Chicago Fire — could be a tipping point for Vancouver's season, with the schedule getting busier and the opposition better.
“We need to find ways to score, whether it's from set pieces — which is not happening at the moment — or from open play, which is not happening at the moment as well,” said Robinson. “We have a very, very busy July, and it doesn't get any easier for us.”
jadams@postmedia.com
NEXT GAME: Saturday
Chicago Fire (6-7-5) at Vancouver Whitecaps (6-7-5)
7:30 p.m., B.C. Place Stadium, TSN2, TSN 1040
You might also like:
CLICK HERE to report a typo.
Is there more to this story? We'd like to hear from you about this or any other stories you think we should know about. Email vantips@postmedia.com.
Dick Smith again calls for immigration cuts in new campaign
SBS World News Radio: High-profile Australian businessman Dick Smith is warning of a violent revolution if Australia does not cut immigration and more heavily tax the very rich.
He has just launched a new campaign to close the gap between rich and poor, and it is already causing controversy.
A new campaign to cut immigration numbers has hit the airwaves.
"... more than the finite resources on our planet can stand. It's a path to either more and more inequality or famine, disaster, war and collapse." (sound of mayhem ...)
If it sounds familiar, that was by design.
The advertisement uses the same voice and even the same analogy from a groundbreaking campaign against AIDS in the 1980s.
"Gays and IV drug users were being killed by AIDS. But now we know every one of us could be devastated by it."
And this campaign also employs similar shock tactics.
"Absolutely dead serious, we are going to destroy Australia as we know it today if we allow our politicians to have endless growth. Endless growth is what a cancer cell does, and it normally kills its host. We'll do the same thing in this country if we're that stupid."
The advertisement draws a causal link between migration, what it terms extremism and the Holocaust, but Mr Smith rejects the idea it is racist.
"That's what we have got to do as a country. It has nothing to do with racism, nothing to do with xenophobia, but there are cunning people around, including SBS, who try and link it to that to stop any discussion."
The campaign's platform is economic.
Dick Smith, who has previously called for immigration cuts, says he believes reducing the skilled-migrant intake to 70,000 people from 210,000 would reduce income inequality.
An economist from A-M-P Capital in Sydney, Shane Oliver, says that logic is flawed and most studies reveal a positive net impact from migration.
"I'd also contest the view immigration by itself is causing inequality. I don't think that's the main driver. I think the real reason we are seeing a rise in inequality is to do with the nature of technological change we've seen in recent times."
Mr Oliver says a more effective policy change would be to increase incentives for living in regional areas to take pressure off the eastern capitals.
The director of the Federation of Ethnic Communities Councils of Australia, Dr Emma Campbell, says migrants fill key roles.
"Migrants to Australia are caring for our older people, for our aged Australians. They are our health-care providers in rural and regional Australia. They are the fuel behind our IT and high-tech industry."
Mr Smith does, however, welcome more refugees and is campaigning to raise the humanitarian intake from 13,000 to 20,000 arrivals a year.
He says the money can be redirected from SBS and the ABC.
Under the Dick Smith Fair Go campaign, he is also lobbying for changes to the tax system to close the gap between rich and poor.
Mr Smith is calling for the corporate tax rate to be raised from its current level of 30 per cent back to 45 cents on the dollar, the same as it was in the 1970s.
He tells SBS he has raised thousands of dollars for his Fair Go campaign in the past two days.
But he is not saying how many people or companies have donated.
Brighton and Hove Albion manager Chris Hughton is worried about the number of goals his team is conceding and has urged his players to learn the lessons of their last two games ahead of Wednesday's trip to Tottenham Hotspur.
REUTERS: Brighton and Hove Albion manager Chris Hughton is worried about the number of goals his team is conceding and has urged his players to learn the lessons of their last two games ahead of Wednesday's trip to Tottenham Hotspur.
After a promising start to the campaign, Brighton have lost three and drawn two of their last five league games, conceding 10 goals in the process to slip to 13th in the table.
A 5-1 defeat at the hands of Liverpool was followed last Saturday by a 2-0 loss at Huddersfield Town and the Brighton defence is likely to get another through examination at Spurs.
"Probably the conceding," Hughton said when asked by reporters about his biggest worry on Monday.
"Even as regards to our goal difference, we were fairly respectable but over a two-game period, we've conceded seven goals. The manner of the goals we conceded were disappointing and a concern.
"As with everything, they are the challenges and if we thought we've done something poor in the last game we have to make sure we do better in the next one."
Advertisement
Advertisement
Champions Chelsea is the only team to have beaten Tottenham at Wembley in the league this season but Hughton is hopeful that Brighton can snap their poor run at his former club.
"I suppose it shows how well we have started in our levels, the fact that we've lost two on the bounce and we're looking at it as a difficult period," Hughton said.
"In this division you've got to show that you accept what the division is, that you've learned from it, and you do your best in the next game."
(Reporting by Aditi Prakash in Bengaluru, editing by Nick Mulvenney)
SINGAPORE: The Singapore Civil Defence Force (SCDF) will sound the "Important Message" signal through Public Warning System (PWS) sirens islandwide at 6.20pm on Wednesday (Feb 15) as part of Total Defence (TD) Day.
"Do not be alarmed by the minute-long sounding exercise," SCDF said in a media release on Wednesday.
The signal will also sound on all smartphones with the SGSecure mobile app that are not on silent or vibration mode. The signal will stop after 20 seconds or once the message is acknowledged, and the user will receive a brief text on the PWS sounding, SCDF added.
The PWS siren is sounded at 6.20pm on Feb 15 to mark the time of the British's surrender to Japanese Imperial Forces in 1942.
"(This) serves to give due significance and remembrance to this historical moment. It also underscores the importance of emergency preparedness and for Singaporeans to defend our homeland," SCDF said.
Touching on the siren sounding in a Facebook post yesterday, Minister for Defence Ng Eng Hen had said that the sirens were sounded on Feb 15 every year to declare Singapore's resolve for Total Defence and signal the important role every Singaporean play in building up the pillars of Total Defence.
Members of the public can find out more about the PWS signals at the SCDF website.
A café in Peterborough's Queensgate Shopping Centre is to close.
Muffin Break is to stop trading after its lease in the centre finished.
A spokesperson for the chain said: "Our lease has come to an end and we are unable to successfully negotiate a new lease in the new centre.
"We did get offered an alternative premises but couldn't agree terms."
The Peterborough Telegraph asked Muffin Break when it will stop trading and how many staff members will lose their jobs but has so far not received a reply.
Brett Smith's fiancé Liucija works at Muffin Break and he said she was told last Friday that she had to leave in a fortnight.
The couple have a baby, Gabriel, who is two-and-a-half years old, and Brett said: "We are parents trying to provide and it's hard work as it is. Now she is losing her job it's even harder."
Queensgate has been contacted for comment.
Point2 Homes has compiled a top 10 list of the most expensive houses for sale in the Saskatchewan real estate market.
Ranging in price from $1,890,000 to $3,299,900, six of the most expensive homes are in Saskatoon, two are in Regina and one each in Pilot Butte and Buena Vista.
READ MORE: Rent reductions, incentives help lower Saskatoon apartment vacancies
The house with the largest current price tag is a 5,180-square foot riverfront home in proximity to downtown Saskatoon. The Nutana neighbourhood home includes a theatre room, wine room and a five-car garage.
PHOTO GALLERY: Top 10 most expensive homes in Saskatchewan
In compiling the list, analysts looked at the entire Saskatchewan market using Point2 Homes' database as well as national portals and brokerages.
READ MORE: Ontario church built in 1871, listed for $1
According to officials with the online real estate marketplace, Saskatchewan continues to experience sluggish price trends due to elevated supply and weakened sales activity.
Point2 Homes said home prices are expected to drop by 2.8 per cent throughout the province in 2017 and by one per cent in 2018, trending the market in favour of buyers.
NEW YORK: Grammy Award-winning singer Mariah Carey shrugged off a botched New Year's Eve show in New York's Times Square, telling fans and critics on Sunday that life does not always go as planned.
"S**t happens," Carey, the world's million-selling female singer, wrote on Twitter. "Have a happy and healthy new year everybody! Here's to making more headlines in 2017."
Carey, named the Grammy's Best New Artist in 1991, was the final musical act on ABC's "Dick Clark's New Year's Rockin' Eve with Ryan Seacrest," taking the stage just before midnight.
In addition to the television audience, the program was watched in person by the hundreds of thousands of people who gathered in what is called the "Crossroads of the World" to mark the beginning of 2017.
Carey's opening song, a rendition of Robert Burns' "Auld Lang Syne," seemed to go as planned. But then the singer, surrounded by dancers and a sea of humanity, appeared flustered and complained of technical difficulties.
"We can't hear," she said, as the music from her 1991 hit song "Emotions" began to play. "It is what it is," she said. "Let the audience sing, OK?"
But the awkwardness persisted, prompting Carey to say: "I want a holiday, too. Can I not have one? I'm trying to be a good sport here."
The next song, "We Belong Together," Carey's 2005 hit, went awry as well. Carey dropped her hand-held microphone to her side and the song went on playing, revealing that she may have been only syncing her lips to the words.
"It just doesn't get any better," a frustrated Carey said after the song.
After the debacle, some fans came to Carey's defense on Twitter, while others were less than kind. Several tweets compared her to the disgraced pop duo Milli Vanilli, who lost their Grammy for Best New Artist in 1990 when it emerged they had never sung on their records.
A spokeswoman for Carey said later on Sunday that there was no lip-syncing. "It is not uncommon for artists to sing to track during certain live performances," spokeswoman Nicole Perna said in a statement.
Carey's ear piece was not working before or during the performance and technicians could not fix it, but she took the stage anyway "essentially flying blind" so she could honor a commitment, Perna said.
A spokesman for ABC declined to comment.
(Reporting by David Ingram; Editing by Alan Crosby and Sandra Maler)
LONDON: The Football Association demanded answers from Manchester United and Manchester City on Monday (Dec 11) following reports of ugly scenes that reportedly left City assistant coach Mikel Arteta bloodied after a fracas.
The Guardian newspaper said Arteta was left with blood streaming down his face after a bust-up involving up to 20 players and members of staff from the two clubs after Sunday's Manchester derby, which City won 2-1.
Referee Michael Oliver did not witness the scenes so the FA has not received a report on the matter from him but it has given the clubs until Wednesday to reply to a request for observations following the incident.
United manager Jose Mourinho and City goalkeeper Ederson are reported to have had a confrontation after the game, while it is claimed Mourinho had milk and water thrown at him from the away dressing room.
The home side is understood to have taken exception to City's post-match celebrations.
The Guardian reported that Arteta's eyebrow was split open during the melee in a narrow corridor outside City's dressing room and said there were unconfirmed reports that another member of Guardiola's backroom staff needed medical treatment.
Advertisement
Advertisement
The corridor leading to the dressing rooms apparently became congested as players and staff made their way through it after the game, and tensions spilled over into pushing and shoving, with Arteta understood to have suffered a cut to the head.
Mourinho did not make any reference to what had happened during his post-match media work, according to the report.
Arteta was being assessed in the City dressing room after being caught in the crossfire, the report said.
The victory, courtesy of set-piece goals from David Silva and Nicolas Otamendi propelled City 11 points clear of United at the top of the Premier League table, further enhancing their status as red-hot favourites for the title.
Mourinho had accused City's players of diving and committing "tactical fouls" prior to the game and afterwards he made an unconvincing claim his side should have been awarded a late penalty when Ander Herrera was booked for diving.
But City manager Pep Guardiola said: "We won because we were better. In all departments, we were better."
The incident at Old Trafford brought to mind the famous "Battle of the Buffet" that erupted after United beat Arsenal in October 2004, when Arsenal midfielder Cesc Fabregas threw pizza at United manager Alex Ferguson.
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
The University of Scranton earned two wins at the Leopard Invitational women's volleyball tournament Friday in La Verne, California.
The Royals (22-1) defeated Whittier, 3-1, and UC-Santa Cruz, 3-0.
Kristin Kirwan had 14 kills and 17 digs for Scranton against Whittier and Regina Schetroma had 31 digs.
Megan Monastra and Kristin Sweeney each had nine kills against UC-Santa Cruz and Kyra Bevenour had 32 assists.
Hackers have released more unaired episodes of popular HBO shows but the latest leak did not include anything on the hit series "Game of Thrones," the Associated Press reported on Sunday.
REUTERS: Hackers have released more unaired episodes of popular HBO shows but the latest leak did not include anything on the hit series "Game of Thrones," the Associated Press reported on Sunday.
The hackers, who broke into HBO's computer network and have released stolen information for several weeks, provided more unaired episodes, including the popular show "Curb Your Enthusiasm, " which returns in October.
They also leaked episodes of "Insecure," "Ballers" and "The Deuce," according to the Associated Press.
Time Warner Inc's HBO said Sunday in an emailed statement that it was "not in communication with the hacker, and we're not going to comment every time a new piece of information is released."
"It has been widely reported that there was a cyber incident at HBO," it said. "The hacker may continue to drop bits and pieces of stolen information in an attempt to generate media attention. That's a game we're not going to participate in."
HBO acknowledged the hack earlier this summer. It said the thieves had been leaking stolen materials and asking for a multi-million-dollar ransom.
Advertisement
Advertisement
The hack came at a sensitive time for HBO parent Time Warner as it awaits regulatory approval to sell itself to AT&T Inc in a US$85.4 billion deal announced in October.
(Reporting By Jilian Mincer; Editing by Andrew Hay)
Cletis W. Kreider, 92, died at 11:12 p.m. Saturday, Dec. 9, 2017, at Jerseyville Nursing and Rehab.
Visitation will be 5-8 p.m. Tuesday, Dec. 12, at Gent Funeral Home in Alton, where funeral services will be at 11 a.m. Wednesday, Dec. 13. Burial will be at Valhalla Memorial Park in Godfrey.
LONDON: Harry Redknapp has replaced Gianfranco Zola as manager of Birmingham, the struggling Championship club announced on Tuesday.
The 70-year-old former Tottenham boss takes charge with Birmingham three points above the relegation zone after a dismal four-month spell under Zola.
Redknapp's most recent managerial post was with Jordan. He last worked in English football with Derby as an adviser.
Zola stood down on Monday, declaring: "I sacked myself."
The 50-year-old Italian was a controversial appointment by the club's Chinese owners after they sacked Gary Rowett, who had Birmingham well placed to challenge for a place in the play-offs, in December.
However he oversaw the club slide from that lofty position to just two wins in 22 matches, and after Monday's 2-0 defeat at home to Burton they are just three points above the drop zone with three matches remaining.
Redknapp's first game as Blues' boss is Saturday's city derby at Aston Villa.
Email Address: Password:
Enter your user name and password in the fields above to gain access to the subscriber content on this site.
Your subscription includes one set of login credentials for your exclusive use. Security features have been integrated on this site: If someone signs in with your credentials while you are logged in, the site will automatically close your ongoing login and you will lose access at that time.
To inquire about group subscriptions or an enterprise site license for your organization, contact Tracy Bumba.
If you feel your login credentials are being used by a second party, contact customer service at 877-615-9536 for assistance in changing your password.
Already a paid subscriber but not registered for online access yet? For instructions on how to get premium web access, click here.
Forgot your password?
Fans packed into sweaty pubs in the heart of Harry Kane territory in north London celebrated England's dramatic 4-3 win against Colombia on penalties after a rollercoaster night.
As the British capital swelters in a heatwave, supporters swung from ecstasy to despair and back again, scarcely believing their side had overcome their debilitating spot-kick hoodoo.
Kane set England on their way with a penalty in the 57th-minute in Moscow and it looked like that would be enough to book a quarter-final match against Sweden.
But Colombia's giant defender Yerry Mina scored with a last-gasp header to take the match into extra time.
Neither side could break the deadlock in the extra 30 minutes and the game went to penalties. Kane was successful again but England wobbled before Tottenham Hotspur's Eric Dier blasted home to spark scenes of delight in the Russian capital and in London.
At the Bricklayers, a pub deep in Tottenham territory, where England captain Kane also plies his trade, the floor was slick with spilt beer after the final whistle as fans went crazy, with one removing his shirt to a chorus of “Football's Coming Home”.
“Being an England supporter, I was a bit nervous because we've never been any good at penalties,” pub worker Garry Brookes told AFP as he charged out into the beer garden during the post-match chaos.
“But with Kane at the head of the side — he's the main man.”
Around 100 supporters had crammed inside the dark bar — with windows covered by flags and scarves — on a humid evening.
Earlier, at kickoff, there was an air of palpable tension in the pub, populated overwhelmingly by men, with just a solitary cheer from a drinker as the pre-game national anthem concluded.
But as the match turned feisty, with eight yellow cards handed out — including six for the Colombians– the crowd came to life — jeering the South American side's antics but excusing England's misdemeanours.
As tensions rose, an apparent headbutt from Colombia midfielder Wilmar Barrios on Jordan Henderson led to one call for him to “hang”.
As England were forced into extra time one workman, still wearing his hi-visibility jacket, said he was “heartbroken” at the prospect of losing.
“I won't be back at work tomorrow”, he said.
But after the match — and England's victory — fans could afford to be more philosophical about the play-acting of the Colombians.
“As far as I know it's part of football — that's how I see it,” said Munir Ibrham as he relaxed at the bar in the post-match haze.
Having a little wine or beer to unwind most days may help lower the odds of a premature death as long as that drink or two doesn't routinely turn into more, a new study confirms.
(Reuters Health) - Having a little wine or beer to unwind most days may help lower the odds of a premature death as long as that drink or two doesn't routinely turn into more, a new study confirms.
Researchers examined health survey data on more than 333,000 U.S. adults, following them for an average of about eight years to see how their drinking habits influenced their survival odds.
Compared with people who never had a drop of alcohol, light to moderate drinkers were more than 20 percent less likely to die early of any cause, or of heart disease in particular, the study found.
Heavy drinkers and binge drinkers, however, were at least 10 percent more likely to die from any cause during the study, and they had at least 20 percent higher odds of an early death from cancer in particular.
“If alcohol is consumed, it should be consumed in moderation,” said lead study author Dr. Bo Xi of the School of Public Health at Shandong University in China.
Heavy drinking has long been linked to a variety of medical problems including liver disease, heart disease and certain cancers. But previous research has offered an inconclusive picture of the survival odds associated with light or moderate drinking.
Advertisement
Advertisement
The current analysis attempts to tackle two issues that have contributed to inconsistent results in much of the earlier research: `abstainer bias' and `sick quitter bias.'
Many other studies compared moderate drinkers to people who currently didn't drink, making it impossible to separate people who stopped drinking due to addiction or other health reasons from people who were lifelong abstainers.
To exclude `sick quitters,' the current study left out people who died in the first two years of follow-up. To avoid `abstainer bias,' researchers created separate categories for adults who never drank at all and for ex-drinkers.
They sorted adults into six categories for the current study: lifetime abstainers; people who have always had alcohol on rare occasions; ex-drinkers; current light drinkers who have fewer than three drinks a week; moderate drinkers (more than three drinks a week but fewer than 14 for men or 7 for women); or heavy drinkers (more than 14 for men or 7 for women).
During the study period, 34,754 people died, including 8,947 fatalities from cardiovascular diseases and 8,427 from cancer, researchers report in the Journal of the American College of Cardiology.
Male heavy drinkers had a 25 percent increased risk of death during the study and 67 percent higher odds of deaths from cancer than men who never drank. These differences weren't statistically meaningful for women, however.
The study wasn't a controlled experiment designed to prove whether or how heavy drinking might hasten death or light to moderate alcohol consumption might help people live longer. Researchers also relied on survey participants to accurately recall and report how much they drank.
Scientists aren't sure why light or moderate drinking might have a protective effect, said Dr. Eugene Yang of the University of Washington School of Medicine.
“It may improve the health of your blood vessels by reducing inflammation and your ability to form blood clots, increase levels of good cholesterol, and promote antioxidant pathways,” Yang, who wasn't involved in the study, said by email.
Even if it doesn't explain why drinking a little might lead to a longer life, the study does confirm that the risk of death tied to alcohol use increases sharply when people regularly drink more than they should, Dr. Giovanni de Gaetano, author of an accompanying editorial and a researcher at Istituto Neurologico Mediterraneo Neuromed in Pozzilli, Italy, said by email.
“The clear message is to avoid excessive drinking, either on a regular basis or even on any one day, to reduce risk,” Dr. Gregory Marcus, a researcher at the University of California, San Francisco, who wasn't involved in the study, said by email. “Those prone to alcoholism or addiction are also likely best served with alcohol abstinence.”
SOURCE: http://bit.ly/2w3RpVv Journal of the American College of Cardiology, released August 14, 2017.
TORONTO: The driver suspected of killing 10 people and injuring 15 others when he plowed a rental van into pedestrians in Toronto made his first court appearance on Tuesday, where details of a motive for the attack were expected to emerge.
While the worst mass killing in Canada in decades has the hallmarks of other deadly vehicle assaults by Islamic State supporters in the United States and Europe, officials said it did not represent a threat to national security.
Suspect Alek Minassian, 25, entered a Toronto courtroom on Tuesday morning. His head was shaved and he was looking down as prosecutors announced they were charging him with 10 counts of first-degree murder.
The proceedings began after Prime Minister Justin Trudeau addressed the attack outside of parliament in Ottawa, calling on all Canadians to stand united with Toronto.
"We cannot as Canadians choose to live in fear every single day as we go about our daily business. We need to focus on doing what we can and we must keep Canadians safe while we stay true to the freedoms and values that we all as Canadians hold dear," Trudeau said.
The prime minister said that, while it would take time before the motives of the attacker were understood, the incident had not changed the country's threat level or security preparations for a G7 summit in Quebec in June.
Advertisement
Advertisement
People left flowers at a makeshift memorial, which grew as commuters returned to work on Tuesday morning. Blank white posters left against a stone wall were covered with messages.
The Canadian flag was lowered to half-staff at parliament and at Toronto city hall.
Minassian, who was not previously known to authorities, attended a high school programme where one classmate remembered him as "absolutely harmless."
The officer who apprehended Minassian was praised for making a peaceful arrest even as the suspect shouted "Kill me" and claimed to have a gun.
Canadians mourned as the victims began to be identified on Tuesday.
"We are a peaceful, tolerant, free society. The horrific violence on Toronto's Yonge Street will strengthen rather than undermine these truths," columnist John Ibbitson wrote in the Globe and Mail national newspaper.
The attack shook the usually peaceful streets of Toronto, a multicultural city with a population of 2.8 million. The city recorded 61 murders last year.
Downtown Toronto's iconic CN Tower, which is normally lit up in the evening, went dark on Monday evening.
The drama started at lunchtime on a warm spring day, when the driver drove his vehicle into the crowds. The street was soon covered in blood, empty shoes and bodies.
Canada is still recovering from the shock of a highway crash in Saskatchewan earlier this month that killed 16 people on a bus carrying a junior hockey team.
Last October, eight people died in New York when a man driving a rented pickup truck mowed down pedestrians and cyclists on a bike path.
(Reporting by Anna Mehler Paperny and Allision Martell; additional reporting and writing by Andrea Hopkins in Ottawa; editing by Jeffrey Benkoe, Jonathan Oatis and Jim Finkle)
Facebook Inc has revealed it had deleted and put a warning label on 1.9 million pieces of extremist content related to ISIS or al-Qaeda in the first three months of the year, as well as also published its internal definition of terrorism for the first time on Monday.
The company, who has been under pressure in recent times over issues of data privacy made all these revelations as part of an effort to be more open about internal company operations.
In recent times, the European Union has been putting pressure on Facebook and its tech industry competitors to remove extremist content more rapidly or face legislation forcing them to do so, and the sector has increased efforts to demonstrate progress.
Of the 1.9 million pieces of extremist content, the “vast majority” was removed and a small portion received a warning label because it was shared for informational or counter-extremist purposes, Facebook said.
Also, the company has defined what terrorism means on its platform for the first time. It said, “Any non-governmental organization that engages in premeditated acts of violence against persons or property to intimidate a civilian population, government, or international organization in order to achieve a political, religious, or ideological aim.”
BEIJING: As many as 79 people have died from H7N9 bird flu in China last month, the government said, stoking worries that the spread of the virus this season could be the worst on record.
January's fatalities were up to four times higher than the same month in past years, and brought the total H7N9 death toll to 100 people since October, data from the National Health and Family Planning Commission showed late on Tuesday.
Authorities have repeatedly warned the public to stay alert for the virus, and cautioned against panic in the world's second-largest economy.
But the latest bird flu data has sparked concerns of a repeat of previous health crises, like the 2002 outbreak of Severe Acute Respiratory Syndrome (SARS).
"It's mid-February already and we are just getting the January numbers. With the death rate almost catching up with SARS, shouldn't warnings be issued earlier?" said one user of popular microblog Sina Weibo.
Other netizens in the Chinese blogosphere worried about the pace of infections, and called for even more up-to-date reports.
China has come a long way in learning how to communicate to the public and to respond to health crises since the SARS outbreak, when official reports of infections were criticized for their slowness and irregularity.
Chinese chicken prices sank to their lowest levels in more than a decade on Wednesday, hammering meat processors' share prices amid fears that bird flu could hit demand in one of the world's top poultry markets.
RECORD HIGH INFECTIONS
China, which first reported a human infection from the virus in March 2013, has seen a sharp rise in H7N9 cases since December. The official government total is 306 since October, with 192 reported last month.
But others estimate the infections to be higher.
The Center for Infectious Disease Research and Policy (CIDRAP) at the University of Minnesota last week estimated China had at least 347 human infections so far this winter, eclipsing the record of 319 seen three years ago.
On a week-to-week basis, it was difficult to tell if H7N9 cases were still rising in China or have peaked, CIDRAP said in a report on its website on Feb. 10.
Some provincial health departments in China announce individual cases as they are confirmed, while others wait to include them in their monthly updates.
"An important factor in the past waves of H7N9 cases among humans in China have been rapid closure of live poultry markets," said Ian Mackay, a virologist at the University of Queensland in Australia.
"This season there seems to have been a slower response to the outbreak, which may be leading to greater numbers of human exposures to infected birds."
The National Health and Family Planning Commission has yet to respond to a request from Reuters seeking comment on the recent bird flu deaths.
Most of the H7N9 human infections reported this season have been in the south and along the coast.
Beijing on Saturday reported its first human H7N9 case this year. The patient is a 68-year-old man from Langfang city in neighboring Hebei province.
A second human case was reported on Tuesday.
(Reporting by Ryan Woo and Josephine Mason; Additional reporting by Nick Heath, Christian Shepherd and Dominique Patton in BEIJING; Editing by Randy Fabi)
related media assets (image or videos) available. Click to see the gallery.
2 related media assets (image or videos) available. Click to see the gallery.
Gunmen were holding at least 20 people hostage in a restaurant in Somalia's capital Mogadishu on Wednesday, police said, after a suicide bomber rammed a car nearby and militants stormed inside in an attack claimed by Islamist al Shabaab militants.
MOGADISHU: Gunmen were holding at least 20 people hostage in a restaurant in Somalia's capital Mogadishu on Wednesday, police said, after a suicide bomber rammed a car nearby and militants stormed inside in an attack claimed by Islamist al Shabaab militants.
"The fighters are still inside the Pizza House (restaurant) and they are holding over 20 people. We do not know how many of those are dead or alive," said Major Ibrahim Hussein, a Mogadishu police officer.
(Reporting by Abdi Sheikh; Editing by Aaron Maasho/Mark Heinrich)
When the younger Trudeau became prime minister three years ago, these internationalist positions reflected the mood of the times. They seemed modern and digital. It was easy to dismiss economic or cultural nationalists as out-of-date anti-Americans.
But U.S. President Donald Trump has changed all of that.
With his trade war and his explicit attacks on Trudeau, he has breathed new life into a chippier form of Canadian nationalism.
When Trudeau declared last month that he wouldn't be bullied by Trump, there were cheers around the country.
When Trump reacted furiously to that, Canadians cheered even more.
Grassroots movements devoted to boycotting American products have sprung up. Asked about this, Trudeau smiled and said Wednesday that he always encourages people to buy Canadian.
On Friday, the government announced it would spend up to $2 billion to support industries and workers affected by Trump's punitive tariffs on Canadian steel and aluminum. As well, it said it would go ahead with plans to retaliate by imposing equivalent tariffs on U.S.-made goods.
"We will not escalate and we will not back down, " Foreign Affairs Minister Chrystia Freeland said.
You could almost hear Canadians cheering again.
Trump has reawakened a powerful force in Canada. Trudeau understands the politics of this and has rather cleverly used it to his advantage.
When his office discovered last week that Stephen Harper was meeting senior Trump officials in Washington, it managed to insinuate, without exactly spelling anything out, that the former Conservative prime minister was acting as a fifth columnist against Canada in the trade war.
If the trade war ends quickly, Trudeau need not do much more than he has. The financial aid announced Friday will get affected industries over the hump until matters return to normal.
But if the trade war lags on or intensifies, as Trump has threatened, there may be no normal to return to.
That's when Trudeau, like his father, may be forced to embrace the messier part of nationalism — the protectionism, the use of state power to restructure industry, the insulation from the vagaries of world markets.
In the long run, the answer for Canada may well be to reduce its dependence on the U.S.
But as Pierre Trudeau discovered when he tried to diversify trade, the long run can take an inordinate amount of time to reach.
In the meantime, people have to eat. In a world where nationalism is on the rise, Justin Trudeau will find that declaring his fidelity to the principles of free trade and open markets is not enough.
Twitter: @tomwalkom
Twitter: @tomwalkom
1 /14 Ayca Rose & Bergamot Antioxidant Hydrating Gel, Rs 850. Available on Nykaa.com Bioderma Atoderm Intensive Baume, Rs 715 Clinique Moisture Surge Extended Thirst Relief, Rs 1,350 Elizabeth Arden Ceramide Plump Perfect Ultra Lift And Firm Moisturising Cream SPF 30, Rs 4,600 First Aid Beauty Ultra Repair Cream, Rs 879 Kama Ayurveda Eladi Hydrating Ayurvedic Face Cream, Rs 1,125 Kiehl's Ultra Facial Cream, Rs 2,750 La Roche-Posay Effaclar Duo (+) Acne Treatment Cream, Rs 1,350 Lakmé Absolute Skin Gloss Gel Creme, Rs 378 L'Oréal Paris Hydrafresh All Day Hydration Supreme Emulsion, Rs 660 Murad Blemish Control Skin Perfecting Lotion, Rs 2,198 Natio Intensive Moisturising Day Cream, Rs 915 Ren Vita Mineral Daily Supplement Moisturising Cream, Rs 1,758 The Body Shop vitamin E Moisture Cream, Rs 995
If you suffer from dry skin in general, you know that when the moisture-lacking winter season rolls around, your skin is left even drier and dehydrated than normal. And even if you have combination or oily skin, it's still important to keep the moisture level of your skin intact with the right products, so your skin stays healthy and glowing until the warmer months arrive. Hydrate, replenish and nourish your skin this winter with one (or two) of these 15 moisturisers for every skin type.
Best moisturiser for dry skin
If your skin is naturally dry, then a deeply hydrating moisturiser will be your best friend this winter. Choose a product that quickly penetrates into the skin and has hyaluronic acid, like the L'Oréal Paris Hydrafresh All Day Hydration Supreme Emulsion, or invest in the Clinique Moisture Surge Extended Thirst Relief which is an oil-free, cream-gel formula.
Best moisturiser for combination or oily skin
If you have combination skin, your complexion will benefit from using two different moisturisers this time of year. Try The Body Shop vitamin E Moisture Cream on the dry parts of your face first (vitamin E is an antioxidant that is known for its intense hydration properties), followed by the Ayca Rose & Bergamot Antioxidant Hydrating Gel on your T-zone, which has a light consistency that still packs in the moisture, but won't make your skin greasy or clog pores.
Best moisturiser for anti-ageing care
If your focus is preventing signs of ageing, a product that adds moisture back into your skin, while fighting fine lines and improving its elasticity is key during winter months. We recommend the Elizabeth Arden Ceramide Plump Perfect Ultra Lift And Firm Moisturising Cream SPF 30, which replenishes your skin's ceramides and makes your skin look firmer.
Best moisturiser for acne-prone skin
For acne-prone skin, hydration plus treatment is necessary to maintain moisture level and clear up any breakouts. Try the La Roche-Posay Effaclar Duo (+) Acne Treatment Cream, which will provide parched skin with moisture while treating existing acne and scars, without any added stickiness or heaviness.
Best moisturiser for sensitive skin
Anyone with sensitive skin knows that experimenting with new products on your face is scary and can even be painful. Opt for a light, natural product that won't cause any flare-ups or redness, like the Kama Ayurveda Eladi Hydrating Ayurvedic Face Cream which contain no parabens, colours or harsh chemicals—ideal for sensitive skin.
Flip through the gallery above for our selection of 14 of the best face moisturisers to take you through winter.
Financial companies led by Swiss bank UBS are testing a blockchain platform to help them comply with new European Union trade data standards due to come into force next year.
ZURICH/NEW YORK: Financial companies led by Swiss bank UBS are testing a blockchain platform to help them comply with new European Union trade data standards due to come into force next year.
Blockchain, the technology underpinning cryptocurrencies such as bitcoin, is a shared and immutable database maintained by a network of computers on the internet.
The more stringent requirements are part of the Markets in Financial Instruments Directive II, an overhaul of EU rules aimed at improving financial market transparency..
"The project is getting market participants to collaborate using blockchain to improve regulatory reporting," Peter Stephens, head of blockchain at UBS, told Reuters.
The group, which includes Barclays , Credit Suisse , KBC , Swiss stock exchange SIX and Reuters parent Thomson Reuters , is testing an Ethereum blockchain to help ensure data accuracy and consensus.
Ethereum, a type of blockchain that can be used to develop decentralized applications, was invented by 23-year-old programer Vitalik Buterin. Many large companies and industry consortia have teamed up to develop standards and technology to make it easier for enterprises to use the Ethereum code, hoping it can help them streamline some of their processes.
Advertisement
Advertisement
"The point is to allow us to come to a consensus for this noncompetitive reference data which is essential for trade reporting purposes," Stephens said.
Rather than replacing existing processes the blockchain, which runs on the Microsoft Azure cloud, will let financial firms perform a "quality check" of their own data against that of others, Stephens said. UBS Head of Data Christophe Tummers added that the pilot may be expanded to not only detect anomalies but resolve them too.
The new EU rules, which are due to take effect on Jan. 3, 2018, require banks to report more data to regulators and will also oblige banks and financial firms to obtain information identifying clients, issuers and counterparties of trades.
One element in this is a Legal Entity Identifier (LEI), a unique 20-digit code that connects key information about a company or legal entity such as its name, location, industry and regulatory data, which financial groups must obtain from clients before making any transactions that require reporting.
sentifi.com Channel NewsAsia - Sentifi topic widget
Firms can anonymously submit data onto the private blockchain, which will then check for any anomalies against other submissions under the same LEI, allowing the firm to update or standardise its own submissions.
Financial institutions have been investing in blockchain with the aim of developing software that can help them better manage some data-heavy processes. Proponents say it is well suited for when many parties need access to the same data.
"This use of blockchain to solve real-world regulatory requirements in a cost effective way is very appealing," Credit Suisse's head of blockchain strategy, Emmanuel Aidoo, said.
The pilot phase, which uses real LEI data, is set to conclude at the end of January.
(Reporting by Brenna Hughes Neghaiwi and Anna Irrera; editing by Alexander Smith)
Governor Abubakar Atiku Bagudu of Kebbi State has donated vocational tools to inmates serving various jail terms in prisons across the state as part of efforts to complements the effort of Federal Government and Nigerian Prison Service (NPS) in the reformation, rehabilitation and reintegration of prisoners.
The items he donated included 39 set of Sewing Machines, 150 pieces of Mattresses, 1 carton each of charcoal and electric pressing Irons, 1 set of Welding Machine, a set of Carpentry Tools, Assorted Drugs, Disinfectants, among other sundry valuables.
Governor Bagudu, while handing over the tools to the Prisons Service in Birnin-Kebbi, through his Senior Special Assistant (SSA), Alh. Nafi'u Magini, on Wednesday said, “The gesture was borne out of my compassion to inmates in prison custody and to contribute my Administration's quota in Prisoners' Vocational Trainings and Skill Acquisitions. I will not relent in my efforts to assist the Prisons in Kebbi State”.
In his remarks, the Controller of Prisons in Charge of Kebbi State Command, Alhaji Sani Adamu Potiskum, recalled how Governor Bagudu had been assisting the Prisons Service in the state especially during Ramadan, Sallah, Christmas and other festive periods.
Said he, “On behalf of the Controller General of Prisons Ja'afaru Ahmed, I wish to thanked his Excellency immensely for deeming it fit to help and address the plight of inmates”.
“Your Excellency Sir, I am assuring you that this tools will be evenly distributed to all the 10 Prison Formations in Kebbi State Command.
“I want to seize this opportunity to appealed to Politicians, Wealthy Individuals, Corporate Bodies, non-governmental organisations and religious institutions in Kebbi State to replicate similar gesture.”
The event which took place at Medium Security Prison in Birnin-Kebbi, was witnessed by Senior Prisons Officers including Deputy Controller of Prisons in Charge Medicals DCP Ummu M. Mustapha, DCP. Mamuda U. Mato officer In Charge Medium Security Prison Birnin Kebbi, and CSP Idris Garba officer in Charge Birnin Kebbi Old Prison, and Representatives of Kebbi State Government led by Mr. Abubakar Kalgo, among others.
Our friends at Thrifter are back again, this time saving you nearly 50% on a pair of Beats Solo3 Bluetooth headphones.
If you've been looking to pick up a pair of Beats Solo3 headphones with Apple's W1 chip but weren't sold on the price, you won't want to miss this deal. Right now Walmart is offering the headphones for $159.99, and Amazon has them for the same. These headphones normally run close to $300, but this limited-time sale offers you nearly 50% off, so you won't want to miss out.
With Apple's W1 chip, pairing these headphones to your iPhone is extremely easy, and being on-ear headphones they should sit comfortably for hours of usage. Walmart also offers free 2-day shipping on the headphones, so not only can you have them quickly but you won't pay a fortune to do so. This price is $10 higher than previous deals we've seen on these headphones, but it is still a great price. Don't miss out.
See at Amazon
For more great deals, be sure to check out our friends at Thrifter now!
Former President Goodluck Jonathan has said increased investment in education will curb insecurity and killings in some parts of the country.
He, therefore, urged states and the Federal Government to focus on investing in the education of youths to stem their involvement in insecurity in the country.
Jonathan, who said this at the Bayelsa Heroes Award for Academic Excellence on Tuesday night, organised by Future Leaders Project Team, an initiative of Mr. Moses Siasia, at the DSP Alamieyeseigha Banquet Hall in Yenagoa, warned that if states and the federal government do not invest in developing the capacity of youths, they would eventually be forced to spend the resources in fighting insecurity among the youths.
Jonathan, represented by a former commissioner for Education in Bayelsa, Chief Tobias James, said as a leader, he made deliberate policies which would contribute to the education of the youths.
Association of Nigerian Exporters (ANE) has called for the establishment of modular refineries in the nation's oil and gas free zones.
Speaking during a courtesy call on the managing director of the Oil and Gas Free Zones Authority (OGFZA), Mr Umana Okon Umana, in Abuja, the president of ANE, Sunny Jackson Udoh, said that locating modular refineries in the oil and gas free zones would cut cost of such investments because of the regime of incentives that exempts free zone enterprises from import duties and other forms of taxation.
Udoh advised the Federal Government to appoint OGFZA the “lead agency for the establishment of the modular refineries in the oil producing areas to replace the “illegal refineries,” adding that they should be modelled on the US export-oriented refineries to produce special products such as aviation fuel and industrial raw materials.
He said the advocated policy on modular refineries should go together with the establishment of oil and gas free zones in all oil producing states as a means of diversifying the economy.
The exporters association also called on the Federal Government to allow OGFZA to benefit from the 7% import surcharge fund set aside for port-based agencies of government. Recalling that the Presidency in 2006 approved the inclusion of OGFZA in the sharing of the import surcharge fund following the recommendation of the National Council on Commerce, the ANE president, Chief Udoh, said the income would enable OGFZA to provide facilities in the free zones to enhance the ease of doing business.
He commended the Federal Government on the policy that allows goods manufactured in the free zones to be exported into the Nigerian Customs Territory, irrespective of whether such goods are on the import prohibition list.
The ANE president also commended the leadership of OGFZA on positive changes in the free zones such as review of excessive tariffs; licensing of a new oil and gas free zone developer; the drive to facilitate the birth of new free zones to generate more jobs; and collaboration between OGFZA and the Nigerian Content Development and Monitoring Board to ensure higher level of value addition in free zone manufacturing processes.
The association made a couple of other advocacies, including suggestions that the Federal Government should set up a “dedicated statutory fund” for OGFZA to finance infrastructure development in the free zones.
They called for ANE-OGFZA collaboration in the promotion of investment roadshows, and expressed support for the ongoing process to amend the OGFZA law.
The managing director of OGFZA, Mr Umana Okon Umana, expressed appreciation to the ANE for “the patriotic support of the programmes and policies of the Federal Government with regard to the attraction of FDI,” which he said, is at the core of the mandate of OGFZA.
Umana said his management decided to review charges in the free zones to prevent erosion of incentives provided by law for investors, and to provide a level-playing field for all licensees in the free zones. He said similar patriotic intention informed the support of his management for the amendment of the principal law of the Authority to remove areas of ambiguity that tended to promote confusion and conflicts with sister agencies and reduce its effectiveness as a regulator.
Umana expressed support for ANE's call for a fund dedicated to infrastructure development in the free zones, adding, “We should provide amenities that investors would benefit from when they come.”
He lauded the ANE leadership for its “support of government efforts to restructure the economy and generate more exports, particularly in agriculture,” and said OGFZA was looking forward to working more closely with ANE in the years ahead.
PARIS: France's scandal-hit presidential candidate Francois Fillon came under renewed attack from within his conservative camp on Wednesday ahead of planned talks with former president Nicolas Sarkozy that Fillon hopes will restore party unity.
Rebel conservative lawmaker Georges Fenech said his The Republicans party faced defeat in the April-May election unless it ditched Fillon.
Fenech has been one of the strongest anti-Fillon voices since an official inquiry into fake work allegations knocked the ex-prime minister's campaign off track three weeks ago.
"I'd love to be wrong but I can't believe any more because I can see on the ground the reaction of the voters. They don't want to vote for us any more," Fenech told Radio Classique.
He was speaking a day after leading a failed bid to force a meeting of the party's executive that could have challenged Fillon's decision to continue his presidential bid.
Fenech referred to a meeting this week between Fillon and his camp as one of "mutual congratulation" in which "nobody wants to tell him the truth - or very few people".
"With that as a starting point we are going to the wall," he said. "There are other people in our party who are respectable, young and have the capacity to run the country."
Fillon had been favourite to win the presidency until allegations in a newspaper three weeks ago that his wife Penelope had been paid hundreds of thousands of euros in taxpayers' money for work she may not have done.
An official inquiry has been launched and the scandal has damaged Fillon's campaign.
With 10 weeks to go until the presidential election, Fillon's place as favourite has been taken by centrist Emmanuel Macron, while far-right National Front leader Marine Le Pen has also gained ground.
Fillon was due to have a lunch meeting later on Wednesday with Sarkozy, whom he beat to the party ticket in a primary in November. Fillon served as prime minister during the Sarkozy presidency of 2007-2012.
An opinion poll published on Wednesday by Ifop-Fiducial for Paris Match showed Fillon's popularity has dropped sharply, with only 26 percent of people having a good opinion of him compared with 45 percent a month ago.
The same poll had Macron down by one percentage point at 52 percent and Le Pen was down two points at 31 percent.
(Reporting by Simon Carraud; Writing by Andrew Callus; Editing by Gareth Jones)
It sounds counter-intuitive, but you can actually beat the heat with chilli and spice. CNA Lifestyle breaks down the reasons why you should go ahead and order that mala hotpot.
Follow our new CNA LIFESTYLE page on Facebook for more wellness stories and videos
SINGAPORE: Is the blistering heat getting you all hot and bothered? Order up some fiery buldak (spicy Korean chicken), hunt down the spiciest chilli crab you can find, or tick the volcano-hot option on the mala hotpot order chit.
Advertisement
No, our brains haven't been fried by the sun. As counter-intuitive as it sounds, bringing the heat to your mouth is actually a way to cool down.
A MORE LASTING COOL-DOWN
You may be inclined to reach for a cold can of cola, or a tall iced coffee or beer when the mercury rises, but the cooling effect isn't lasting.
Here's why: The human body has a built-in thermostat in the brain called the hypothalamus. It strictly maintains your core temperature at 36.5 degrees Celsius, give or take a degree.
Advertisement
Advertisement
Even when you're in the Sahara Desert or Antarctica, your core temperature simply rises or dips by a mere two to three degrees, said Associate Professor Nigel Taylor from the University of Wollongong's Thermal Physiology Department.
Kimchi to cool you down, anyone? (Photo: Melissa Zhu)
When you drink an ice-cold beverage or eat ice cream, the hypothalamus senses a drastic drop in your internal temperature. And because its job is to maintain things at 36.5 degrees Celsius, it cranks up your body temperature, causing you to feel warmer.
Eating spicy food does the opposite. Receptors in your mouth interprets the capsaicin component in chilli as a chemical action that creates a "hot" burning sensation, said Dr Reuben Wong, a gastroenterologist with Gleneagles Hospital.
And it is this sensation that causes the hypothalamus to counter the perceived temperature rise by increasing blood circulation and making the body sweat.
Scientists call this gustatory sweating, which you'll be familiar with as those beads of perspiration that appear on the forehead, face, scalp, and neck soon after that first serving of sambal belacan.
WHY SUBMIT TO THE BURN?
Other than to feel the burn in the mouth, to make the eyes water, and to work up a sweat, are there other reasons to love chilli? Studies here and here showed that capsaicin may confer some protection from stroke, and cholesterol accumulation that can lead to cardiovascular diseases.
How about a nice refreshing lunch of spicy mala hotpot? (Photo: facebook.com/LongQing.sg)
In fact, a study in the British Medical Journal found that those who ate spicy food six to seven times a week showed a 14 per cent risk reduction in total mortality, compared to those who ate spicy food less than once a week. Eating more spicy food was associated with lower risks of cancer, heart diseases and respiratory disease.
INCREASING YOUR TOLERANCE FOR SPICY FOOD
As for building your tolerance towards capsaicin's burn, you can actually do that. According to experts, capsaicin depletes the sensory function of the neurotransmitter substance P, which transmits pain signals to the brain. So, the more spicy food you eat, the less heat you'll detect and the greater your tolerance for chilli-laden dishes.
Feel the burn, reap the benefits. (Photo: 328 Katong Laksa)
The same may be said of the "ring of fire" some might experience in the toilet after a spicy meal.
"The same receptors that are found in the mouth are also found along the rest of the gastrointestinal tract," said Dr Wong. "So, the same burning sensation in the anus is caused by its action on the same receptors. Ditto for the rest of the gut, where it can trigger abdominal pain and provoke diarrhoea."
But if capsaicin's heat is too much to take, temper it with water or dairy products like milk or yoghurt, said Dr Wong.
BUFFALO, N.Y. (WIVB) – A Niagara County Community College pitcher from Hamburg has been drafted into the MLB.
Christian Young, a sophomore at NCCC, was drafted by the Cincinnati Reds in Wednesday's portion of the Major League Baseball Draft, the 617th overall pick of the 21st round.
Young is a graduate of Frontier High School. At 6'5″, he has a fastball that was recently clocked at 94 MPH. This past spring, he went 6-2 with three complete games and a critical three-inning save in the NJCAA Div. III semifinals. He allowed just 10 earned runs (1.57 ERA) and struck out 106 batters over 57.1 innings pitched for NCCC, which won a school-record 47 games, a Region III Div. III championship and recently finished as runner-up at the NJCAA Div. III World Series.
As a freshman, Young was 9-0 with four complete games for the Thunderwolves, who won the Region III Div. III Championship and advanced to the NJCAA Div. III World Series. In 52.2 innings pitched, Young allowed just 27 hits and seven earned runs (1.20 ERA). He also registered 79 strikeouts.
Young, who was a 23rd-round selection of the Oakland Athletics last June, is the third NCCC player to be drafted under head coach Matt Clingersmith's watch joining Sean Jamieson (2011, 17th round, Oakland A's) and Christian Barczykowski (2012, 27th round, Atlanta Braves).
President mourns Kitui West MP as a dedicated legislator
NAIROBI, 6th Dec, 2017 (PSCU)—President Uhuru Kenyatta has mourned Kitui West Member of Parliament Francis Nyenze, eulogizing him as legislator who served his constituents with commitment and dedication.
President Kenyatta said the late MP always championed national interests and would never have allowed narrow selfish interests jeopardize the unity of Kenyans.
“I have known the late Nyenze since the time he was a Cabinet Minister under President Moi's administration, he was always keen on preserving our unity and nationhood. I urge all of us to emulate his leadership style,” said President Kenyatta.
The Kitui West MP passed on this morning at a Nairobi hospital.
The late MP has served as a minority leader in the last parliament and was re-elected on a Wiper Democratic Party ticket in August 8 General Election.
The President said it was because of his commitment to servant leadership that the Kitui West residents re-elected him to serve them for another term of five years in parliament.
He prayed to God to give comfort and fortitude to the family and all residents of Kitui West.
Young Musicians Education Foundation
FORT MYERS, Fla. The Young Musicians Education Foundation is dedicated to helping children obtain music lessons. The organization's President, John Wildeman, V.P. Jim Syoen and American Banjo Museum Hall of Famer, Mike Currao stopped by the WINK studio to share the details.
By Kurt Nesbitt
Contributing Writer
As the student population increases in Elk River schools, so do student needs.
The Elk River Area School District added three more paraprofessionals Monday night to assist with an increase in students with severe disabilities.
Dr. Jana Hennen-Burr, assistant superintendent of educational services, told the School Board that the 300-student spike in this fall's enrollment included students with disabilities. Those students' need required three more paraprofessionals, so the equivalent of three more full-time positions was added to address the need. Staff said the district has the funding for the positions. The School Board approved the request unanimously.
The decision continues the district's hiring trend, which officials say is caused by more students moving into the Elk River area district or by students who live within its boundaries choosing to stay there. Beginning this summer, officials have added several teaching positions at all levels throughout the district to accommodate the anticipated needs created by the spike.
MISS Eco International 2018 Cynthia Magpatoc Thomalla is encouraging everyone to take care of Mother Earth.
The Cebu-based beauty queen, who is currently in Egypt for her Miss Eco International 2018 duties, expressed gratitude for the chance to share her advocacy.
“I uphold its cause not just on this day but every single day that I live on this planet. This is our habitat. This is our home. Let us do everything to rejuvenate and take care of it,” she said in an Instagram post.
She also urged everyone “to take part in fighting plastic pollution.”
“I encourage each one of you to ignite that awareness within you and turn it into actions.
Remember, a spark of motivation can turn into a flame of rejuvenation,” Thomalla said.
She ended her post with, “Lest we forget, Mother Earth can survive without us but we cannot survive without her.”
According to Miss Eco International's Instagram page, Thomalla was named United Nation (UN) Goodwill Ambassador.
She received the recognition three days ago from the Ambassador Remigio Martin Maradona and Dr. Ismail Abdelghafar, chairman of the Arab League in Alexandria, Egypt.
Thomalla is the first Filipina to win the title. The pageant was held last April in Egypt.
She represented the country after winning the Miss Eco International Philippines 2017 title during the Miss World Philippines 2017 where she represented Cebu.
Before she joined Miss World Philippines, Thomalla was named Sinulog Festival Queen 2016 and was the lead dancer of Tribu Himagulaw of Placer, Masbate. That same year, she was crowned Reyna ng Aliwan.
Thomalla also finished finished first runner-up at the Miss Mandaue 2015 pageant.
Just nine days after supporters of creating a national park in the South Okanagan re-installed a billboard sign on Highway 3 that had been vandalized, it was torn down.
“I don't believe this has happened again,” supporter Harry Nielsen said in a press release. “I drove by several times — I just couldn't believe it wasn't there.”
The “Yes National Park” sign is in support of the creation of a national park in the South Okanagan-Similameen area.
It's a plan that not everyone in the area is on board with.
“If this represents the tactics of people who oppose the park, they aren't sending a good message. Breaking the law and destroying private property is not an effective way for people to express their opinion about their opposition to a national park,” Doreen Olson, coordinator for the South Okanagan Park Network, said in the release.
The group claims damages to the sign exceed $8,000 to date.
The vandalism has been reported to the RCMP.
Ayesha Takia receives threatening messages from lawyer, husband Farhan Azmi tweets seeking police help
Farhan Azmi, husband of actress Ayesha Takia took to Twitter to share how the actress, along with her mother-in-law and sister-in-law were reportedly harassed by a litigant in an ongoing case, according to a report by The Times of India.
He also tagged Prime Minister Narendra Modi and External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj in his tweet.
My wife @Ayeshatakia , mother & sisters are being harassed,threatened stalked by a litigant, @MumbaiPolice #dcpDahiya refusing to answer my calls or messages. #DahiyaIPS has illegally frozen our bank accounts Dear PM @narendramodi ji @SushmaSwaraj Pls intervene!! #betibachao — Farhan Azmi (@abufarhanazmi) July 3, 2018
His tweets were addressed to Mumbai Police where he accused DCP Paramjit Singh Dahiya of illegally blocking Takia's account, ignoring his calls and refusing to hear his complaints.
A source close to the family told The Times of India that the litigant somehow found out Takia's contact number and since, has been sending threatening messages on WhatsApp, intimidating her as well as Azmi, saying that the police will pick them up in ten days and they will soon be behind the bars. According to the source, the litigant had also threatened Azmi's seven-month pregnant sister.
The report also states that the Joint Commissioner of Police, Deven Bharti, has promised that no harm will come to Farhan and his family. However, Farhan later tweeted thanking the officer for his intervention in the case.
Updated Date: Jul 04, 2018 13:11 PM
SINGAPORE: A new interfaith initiative to boost Singapore's resilience and ensure social cohesion was launched on Saturday (Feb 3), by Singapore's five district mayors at the Singapore Management University's Ngee Ann Kongsi Auditorium.
The nationwide programme, called Common Senses for Common Spaces (CSCS) will kick off with a Foundation of Faiths series featuring four of the major faiths in Singapore – Buddhism, Christianity, Islam and Hinduism. These are dialogue groups that will allow the community to engage in and have the chance to ask anything about the faith, while doing so in a safe space.
The pilot CSCS interfaith programme comprising thematic dialogues on faith practices was first run by South East Community Development Council (CDC) in 2016 at the district level. It is now jointly driven by all five CDCs island-wide.
The new programme focuses on the social aspect of the SG Secure movement. Speaking at a media briefing, Mayor of South East District and Senior Minister of State for Defence and Foreign Affairs Maliki Osman noted how Prime Minister Lee Hsien Loong said last year that CDCs can play a more pro-active role.
The five mayors are now looking at how best to strengthen the community's level of understanding in terms of religion.
Speaking to Channel NewsAsia, Dr Maliki said studies have found that Singapore is the most religiously diverse society in the world.
Advertisement
Advertisement
"And in a small place like this, where the common spaces is small, there will possibly be difference," he added.
“So what we are presenting is opportunities for Singaporeans from all walks of life to be able to ask all these questions and have them answered. Across the five CDCs this year, we will be rolling out about 20 of such sessions. And for each session we hope to reach out to between 150 to 250 individuals."
Meanwhile, Mayor of South West District and Chairman of the Mayors' Committee Low Yen Ling noted that Singaporeans recognise their strengths in diversity, but said they can do more:
"I think the launch of today's programme, Common Senses in Common Spaces, is one way that we Singaporeans can collectively strengthen our harmony and peace by making a deliberate and conscious effort to understand and appreciate our neighbours' faith and also the foundation of their belief."
The launch was graced by Minister for Culture, Community and Youth Grace Fu and co-hosted by the mayors of the five districts, including Mayor of North East District Desmond Choo, Mayor of North West District Teo Ho Pin and Mayor of Central Singapore District Denise Phua.
Some 350 interfaith leaders, activists, community and corporate partners as well as volunteers and grassroots leaders from the districts were in attendance.
In his opening address, Dr Maliki said: “The peaceful co-existence of our people, despite being the world's most religiously diverse nation, is one of the fundamental principles that has defined and shaped Singapore's progress over the last 50 years.
"This is made even more significant as this great diversity is compacted into one very small island of ours. Singapore's success thus far, and sustainable progress moving forward, have been and must continue to be anchored on this unique and priceless cohesive diversity.”
Singapore was ranked as the most diverse nation out of 232 countries in terms of religion, according to a 2015 study by the Pew Research Centre.
The launch of the CSCS programme coincides with the United Nations World Interfaith Harmony Week, which runs from Feb 1 to 7 annually.
The National Hurricane Center says Hurricane Nate is heading toward the central Gulf of Mexico and is likely to reach the U.S. Gulf Coast over the weekend.
The Miami-based center says the storm had maximum sustained winds of 80 mph and was likely to strengthen over the Gulf of Mexico, reaching the U.S. Gulf coast near New Orleans late Saturday.
Louisiana and Mississippi officials declared states of emergency, and Louisiana ordered some people to evacuate coastal areas and barrier islands ahead of its expected landfall Saturday night or early Sunday. Evacuations began at some offshore oil platforms in the Gulf.
Mississippi's government said it would open 11 evacuation shelters in areas away from the immediate coast, with buses available for people who can't drive.
CAPTION The Las Vegas gunman researched outdoor performance areas in other large cities in recent months. Harvey Weinstein will take a leave of absence from his film studio after reports of sexual harassment.Gov. Jerry Brown signed a landmark bill declaring California a "sanctuary state." USC announced Thursday that the head of its medical school was out. Credits: Getty / KTLA The Las Vegas gunman researched outdoor performance areas in other large cities in recent months. Harvey Weinstein will take a leave of absence from his film studio after reports of sexual harassment.Gov. Jerry Brown signed a landmark bill declaring California a "sanctuary state." USC announced Thursday that the head of its medical school was out. Credits: Getty / KTLA CAPTION The Las Vegas gunman researched outdoor performance areas in other large cities in recent months. Harvey Weinstein will take a leave of absence from his film studio after reports of sexual harassment.Gov. Jerry Brown signed a landmark bill declaring California a "sanctuary state." USC announced Thursday that the head of its medical school was out. Credits: Getty / KTLA The Las Vegas gunman researched outdoor performance areas in other large cities in recent months. Harvey Weinstein will take a leave of absence from his film studio after reports of sexual harassment.Gov. Jerry Brown signed a landmark bill declaring California a "sanctuary state." USC announced Thursday that the head of its medical school was out. Credits: Getty / KTLA CAPTION The girlfriend of the gunman who killed 58 people in Las Vegas has broken her silence. Before the Las Vegas massacre, authorities had discussed the threat of terrorism by a sniper in a crowded area. The L.A. City Council voted in February to decriminalize sidewalk vending. Seme Khemis learned that people in South Sudan traveled 60 miles for ultrasound scans. Credits: Getty / Sara Hylton / KTLA The girlfriend of the gunman who killed 58 people in Las Vegas has broken her silence. Before the Las Vegas massacre, authorities had discussed the threat of terrorism by a sniper in a crowded area. The L.A. City Council voted in February to decriminalize sidewalk vending. Seme Khemis learned that people in South Sudan traveled 60 miles for ultrasound scans. Credits: Getty / Sara Hylton / KTLA CAPTION Body camera footage from the Las Vegas Metropolitan Police Department taken during the shooting on Oct. 1. Body camera footage from the Las Vegas Metropolitan Police Department taken during the shooting on Oct. 1. CAPTION The gunman who attacked the Las Vegas music festival had cameras set up outside his room. Trump visited Puerto Rico on Tuesday, after Hurricane Maria swept through the island two weeks ago. Three billion Yahoo accounts were affected by a massive data breach — three times as many as initially reported. The Nobel Prize in Chemistry was awarded to three researchers for their work on electron microscopy. Credits: EPA, Getty, Hillary Guzik, KTLA, Sarya Stukes The gunman who attacked the Las Vegas music festival had cameras set up outside his room. Trump visited Puerto Rico on Tuesday, after Hurricane Maria swept through the island two weeks ago. Three billion Yahoo accounts were affected by a massive data breach — three times as many as initially reported. The Nobel Prize in Chemistry was awarded to three researchers for their work on electron microscopy. Credits: EPA, Getty, Hillary Guzik, KTLA, Sarya Stukes CAPTION At least 50 are dead and 200 injured after a shooting on the Las Vegas strip. Heartbreakers frontman Tom Petty died Monday at 66. Portraits are emerging of those killed in Las Vegas. L.A. decriminalized sidewalk vending to protect immigrants from deportation. Credits: Getty / KTLA At least 50 are dead and 200 injured after a shooting on the Las Vegas strip. Heartbreakers frontman Tom Petty died Monday at 66. Portraits are emerging of those killed in Las Vegas. L.A. decriminalized sidewalk vending to protect immigrants from deportation. Credits: Getty / KTLA
ALSO
U.S. payrolls shrink for first time in 7 years: Hurricanes walloped job growth
Thousands of Puerto Ricans land in Florida, fleeing the misery left by Hurricane Maria
She was covered in insects and unable to walk: Doctors in Puerto Rico only now discovering the problems in remote towns
QUETTA, Pakistan: Three suicide bombers attacked Pakistani police and paramilitary soldiers in the southwestern city of Quetta on Tuesday, killing six police and wounding 15 members of the security forces, officials said.
One bomber detonated his explosives near a police truck, provincial police chief Moazzam Jah Ansari said. Seven police officers were wounded in that attack.
"It is a suicide attack, and we have a confirmation that six of our police officials are dead," Ansari told Reuters.
Half an hour earlier, two suicide bombers tried to attack a paramilitary checkpoint on the city's outskirts, but troops deployed there engaged them, a paramilitary officer said.
He said the troops had opened fire at the attackers, who detonated their explosives, wounding eight soldiers. Both the suicide bombers died, he said on condition of anonymity because the army was due to issue an official statement.
No one immediately claimed responsibility for the attacks.
Advertisement
Advertisement
Quetta is the capital city of the southwestern province of Baluchistan, which has been plagued by violence.
Islamist militants linked to the Taliban, al Qaeda and Islamic State have been operating in the province, which borders Iran as well as Afghanistan. It also has an indigenous ethnic Baloch insurgency fighting the central government.
Islamic State has created a branch in Pakistan and Afghanistan, mostly by recruiting among break away factions of other established militant groups. Its followers have claimed some of Pakistan's most deadly recent attacks.
Six members of Pakistan's tiny Christian minority community, four of them from the same family, and two people from the Shi'ite Muslim minority were gunned down in Quetta this month.
In December two suicide bombers stormed a packed church in southwestern Pakistan, killing at least 10 people and wounding up to 56.
Pakistan a nuclear armed nation of 208 million people has for some time seen a decrease in militant violence, but the Islamists, who want to install their own harsh brand of Islamic law, remain potent.
(Writing by Asif Shahzad; Editing by Alison Williams)
related media assets (image or videos) available. Click to see the gallery.
2 related media assets (image or videos) available. Click to see the gallery.
The neo-Nazi website Daily Stormer had its internet domain registration revoked twice in less than 24 hours in the wake of the weekend violence in Charlottesville, Virginia, part of a broad move by the tech industry in recent months to take a stronger hand in policing online hate-speech and incitements to violence.
TORONTO/SAN FRANCISCO: The neo-Nazi website Daily Stormer had its internet domain registration revoked twice in less than 24 hours in the wake of the weekend violence in Charlottesville, Virginia, part of a broad move by the tech industry in recent months to take a stronger hand in policing online hate-speech and incitements to violence.
GoDaddy Inc , which manages internet names and registrations, disclosed late on Sunday via Twitter that it had given Daily Stormer 24 hours to move its domain to another provider, saying it had violated GoDaddy's terms of service.
The white supremacist website helped organise the weekend rally in Charlottesville where a 32-year-old woman was killed and 19 people were injured when a man plowed a car into a crowd protesting the white nationalist rally.
After GoDaddy revoked Daily Stormer's registration, the website turned to Alphabet Inc's Google Domains. The Daily Stormer domain was registered with Google shortly before 8 a.m. Monday PDT (1500 GMT) and the company announced plans to revoke it at 10:56 a.m., according to a person familiar with the revocation.
As of late Monday the site was still running on a Google-registered domain. Google issued a statement but did not say when the site would be taken down.
Internet companies have increasingly found themselves in the crosshairs over hate speech and other volatile social issues, with politicians and others calling on them to do more to police their networks while civil libertarians worry about the firms suppressing free speech.
Advertisement
Advertisement
Twitter Inc , Facebook Inc , Google's YouTube and other platforms have ramped up efforts to combat the social media efforts of Islamic militant groups, largely in response to pressure from European governments. Now they are facing similar pressures in the United States over white supremacist and neo-Nazi content.
Facebook confirmed on Monday that it took down the event page that was used to promote and organise the “Unite the Right” rally in Charlottesville.
Facebook allows people to organise peaceful protests or rallies, but the social network said it would remove such pages when a threat of real-world harm and affiliation with hate organizations becomes clear.
“Facebook does not allow hate speech or praise of terrorist acts or hate crimes, and we are actively removing any posts that glorify the horrendous act committed in Charlottesville,” the company said in a statement.
Several other companies also took action. Canadian internet company Tucows Inc stopped hiding the domain registration information of Andrew Anglin, the founder of Daily Stormer. Tucows, which was previously providing the website with services masking Anglin's phone number and email address, said Daily Stormer had breached its terms of service.
“They are inciting violence,” said Michael Goldstein, vice president for sales and marketing at Tucows, a Toronto-based company. “It's a dangerous site and people should know who it is coming from.”
Anglin did not respond to a request for comment.
Discord, a 70-person San Francisco company that allows video gamers to communicate across the internet, did not mince words in its decision to shut down the server of Altright.com, an alt-right news website, and the accounts of other white nationalists.
“We will continue to take action against white supremacy, Nazi ideology, and all forms of hate,” the company said in a tweet Monday. Altright.com did not respond to a request for comment.
Meanwhile, Twilio Inc Chief Executive Jeff Lawson tweeted Sunday that the company would update its use policy to prohibit hate speech. Twilio's services allow companies and organizations, such as political groups or campaigns, to send text messages to their communities.
Internet companies, which enjoy broad protections under U.S. law for the activities of people using their services, have mostly tried to avoid being arbiters of what is acceptable speech.
But the ground is now shifting, said one executive at a major Silicon Valley firm. Twitter, for one, has moved sharply against harassment and hate speech after enduring years of criticism for not doing enough.
Facebook is beefing up its content monitoring teams. Google is pushing hard on new technology to help it monitor and delete YouTube videos that celebrate violence.
All this comes as an influential bloc of senators, including Republican Senator Rob Portman and Democratic Senator Richard Blumenthal, is pushing legislation that would make it easier to penalize operators of websites that facilitate online sex trafficking of women and children.
That measure, despite the non-controversial nature of its espoused goal, was met with swift and coordinated opposition from tech firms and internet freedom groups, who fear that being legally liable for the postings of users would be a devastating blow to the internet industry.
(Reporting by Jim Finkle in Toronto and Salvador Rodriguez in San Francisco; Additional reporting by David Ingram and Dustin Volz in San Francisco, and Chris Michaud in New York and Alastair Sharp in Toronto; Editing by Nick Zieminski and Lisa Shumaker)
Chris Stevenson
Special to Postmedia
SHOAL CREEK, Ala. — As he trudged through the mud on the boundaries of the waterlogged Shoal Creek Club, Dave Henderson watched daughter Brooke make her final preparations for the U.S. Women's Open which gets underway Thursday.
Tropical depression Alberto played through over the past three days, dropping close to 130 millimetres of rain on the long, tree-lined course, lengthening the layout and shortening practice rounds to just nine holes for some players.
Dave Henderson, putting on his coach's hat, thinks the tough conditions will give Brooke an advantage because she will be undeterred.
“She's like the Vegas Golden Knights,” he said of the expansion Stanley Cup finalists who played the Washington Capitals in Game 2 on Wednesday night. “She doesn't give you any room. She just keeps coming at you.”
Brooke Henderson, with a win under her belt this season and coming off a fourth-place finish, likes the look of Shoal Creek, which hosted the 1984 and 1990 PGA Championships.
“It's the course that suits me the most out of the last four years (of the U.S. Open), which is really exciting,” the 20-year-old native of Smiths Falls, Ont., said. “It just feels a little better. It fits my eye. That's how I feel this week which is always a good feeling to start off with.
“I think it's going to be tough.There are maybe going to be rain delays, I think it's mostly over now, but just with the wet lies and trying to stay patient because you are going to get some bad lies out there. You just have to deal with it.”
Indeed, there's a lot to like about Henderson's chances starting Thursday:
She was hammering the ball on the range and on the course Wednesday and if her driving game is on, like it was when she won the KPMG Women's PGA Championship in 2016, she is going to have a big advantage over much of the field. The course is set up at 6,689 yards with a rating of 79.9 and a slope of 145. If the USGA keeps the course at that length, the field of potential winners is going to shrink and Henderson will be in that group.
Don't be surprised though if the USGA decides to shorten the course as the tournament progresses. That would be bad news for Henderson.
*Henderson has fared well in the U.S. Open in the past with three top-15 finishes in five tries. Her record:
2017, Trump National, New Bedminster, N.J.: T13
2016, Cordevale G.C., San Martin, Calif.: 64th
2015, Lancaster C.C., Lancaster. Pa.: T5
2014, Pinehurst No. 2, Pinehurst, N.C.: T10
2013, Sebonack, G.C., Southhampton, N.Y.: T59
There are going to be more than the usual number of bad breaks in a major. The course, as well as it has drained and it's remarkable given the amount of rain, is still going to administer bad lies and mud balls. The USGA has never allowed lift, clean and cheat, er, place, in any of its championships and isn't about to start now, though some players remained hopeful. The feeling is in conditions like this a lot of luck comes into play when it comes to something like a mud ball. Mud on the ball makes it difficult for the player to control.
“I think it will be a little unfair if they don't (allow lift, clean and place), but you never know,” world No. 3 Lexi Thompson said. “I mean if they don't, everybody has to play it down and it is what it is, but it's their choice.”
“I know they hate to do it, but for pace of play more than anything, just play it ‘up' and keep it moving,” American Stacy Lewis said.
“It's going to be a nightmare,” American star Brittany Lincicome said.
Henderson has got the right attitude: “Just stay positive even when things aren't going to go your way, especially this week, just doing what I can do. You are going to make bogeys. You try not to, but you are just going to have to roll with it.”
Henderson, a streaky putter, is coming off a good putting tournament two weeks ago in Williamsburg, Va., at the Kingsmill Championship. She finished the rain-shortened tournament with back-to-back 65s and used 29 putts in each of those rounds to finish fourth. Normally a player who uses a mallet-style putter, she wielded a blade, a PING Anser 2, at Kingsmill and will use it again this week.
“I started to see the line really well, which is key. Just to shoot two 6-under rounds back-to-back was a lot of fun and I just feel like it gave me a lot of positive energy with that putter.”
Henderson goes off the first tee at 2:48 p.m ET Thursday with Lincicome and Hye-Jin Choi, last year's runner-up.
HENDERSON LIKES DECISION TO TAKE WEEK OFF
SHOAL CREEK, Ala. — Brooke Henderson can hope the force is with her as she chases her second major championship of her young career this week at the U.S. Women's Open at Shoal Creek.
Henderson took a rare week off last week to retreat to Naples, Fla., with sister and caddie Brittany, put in some practice and mentally rest up for the demands of the season's second major.
Since she became a full-time member of the LPGA Tour late in 2015, Henderson has ranked first and third in the total number of events played in her first two full seasons.
She has been a workhorse, wanting to take advantage of the chance to experience all the events to see which ones she liked and which courses fit her eye and style.
“I feel like it was a really smart decision,” Henderson said after tuning up with nine holes of practice Wednesday afternoon. “I'm not really used to doing that, so it was kind of fun. I practiced a lot, took a lot of rest and watched a lot of Star Wars. I'm feeling ready to go.”
Henderson is one of three Canadians in the field this week. Veteran Alena Sharp of Hamilton tees off at 8:46 a.m. Thursday with Australian veteran Karrie Webb and American Lindy Duncan.
Celeste Dao, a 17-year-old amateur qualifier from Notre-Dame-de-l'Île-Perrot, Que., tees off at 3:10 p.m.from the 10th tee with Jing Yan of China and American Nanette Hill.
Dao played nine holes with Henderson on Wednesday afternoon.
WARNING: This story contains violent, graphic details. Discretion is advised.
The sixth day of Derek Saretzky‘s triple-murder trial finished with testimony from RCMP Sgt. Stephen Browne.
Saretzky, 24, is on trial in Lethbridge, Alta., on three counts of first-degree murder in the September 2015 deaths of Terry Blanchette, his two-year-old daughter Hailey Dunbar-Blanchette and Hanne Meketech, who was killed five days earlier.
Browne was the team commander investigating the murder of Meketech, but also responded to a call on Sept. 14, 2015 of a suspicious death at the Blanchette home.
Browne was emotional as he described going into the Blanchette residence to look for two-year-old Hailey and discovering blood near her room.
“I didn't expect to walk into…what I walked into.”
Browne was also present for the initial search of Saretzky's apartment.
Watch below: Global's ongoing coverage of the case
He testified Saretzky and his mother came to Prestige Cleaners, the family business, after the search. That's where the arrest took place.
When Saretzky was pressed on Hailey's whereabouts, Browne testified Saretzky said she was in heaven and her spirit was around them.
READ MORE: Derek Saretzky trial: Accused murderer's father says ‘he told me she was in heaven'
An RCMP blood spatter analyst also testified.
Sgt. Jennifer Barnes stated there were hundreds of blood spatters in the Blanchette home, primarily in the bathroom, consistent with “being created by a force applied multiple times.”
Four more witnesses are expected to take the stand Thursday, including the RCMP officer who interviewed Saretzky when he confessed to killing Hailey and her father.
READ MORE: Victim's father takes stand at Derek Saretzky murder trial
The National Agency for Food, Drug Administration and Control (NAFDAC), Abia State Office, has arrested one Samuel Akin Chukwu for faking a food seasoning product owned by another importer.
The Abia State Coordinator of NAFDAC, Mr Olisa Okeke, disclosed this in an interview with our reporter on Monday in Aba.
Okeke said that Chukwu claimed in his preliminary statement that he was not the importer but only an agent to an importer in Onitsha, Anambra, who brought in the fake products.
He said that the original product was imported from South Africa by a Nigerian, who had been the sole distributor until the fakers went to China to produce the adulterated version.
He said that the importer of the spice registered it with NAFDAC and had been renewing the registration with a record of good business until the fakers went to reproduce it in China.
“After surveillance, we were able to isolate the warehouse and with the support of the Nigerian army, the warehouse was stormed and we arrested Samuel Akin Chukwu and confiscated about 16 cartoons of the product.
“We were also able to retrieve some cartons from two persons who had bought the fake products and were leaving the shop on our arrival,” he said.
According to the NAFDAC Coordinator, the agency confiscated a total of 26 cartons of the fake product from Chukwu and his customers.
Okeke descried the Eziukwu Market in Aba as the centre for high volume of trade in food items, adding that some dubious persons used the opportunity to manufacture fake food products.
“Eziukwu is a market that NAFDAC Abia office has its eyes on because of the activities of nefarious individuals in from time to time.”
He said that NAFDAC would continue to raid the market until producers of fake products were thrown out of business to eradicate the menace of poisoning of citizens for the sake of monetary gains.
Okeke thanked the residents who gave NAFDAC the tip-off and urged them to always inform the agency of suspicious activities around them.
The product is named “Benny Powdered Chicken Stock” with the image of the head of a cockerel in front of the pack.
The original product has a set of three sachets joined horizontally with the expiry date written on a black patch but the fake version has a set of five joined vertically and without a black patch.
x The Town Uri is a picturesque town resting on the banks of river Jhelum, some 110 kilometers north of Srinagar. The town has villages all the way up to the LoC.
View Photo Uri is a picturesque town resting on the banks of river Jhelum, some 110 kilometers north of Srinagar. The town has villages all the way up to the LoC.
The graveyard in Uri, a mountain town buffeted by breathtaking greenery and the Jhelum, has more than 40 graves of “foreign militants”.
A glimpse into the lives of those whose lives revolve around the market in Uri.
I crossed the mountains and within hours I was in Pakistan. - Ghulam Muhammad
SOCHI, Russia: Sweden fan Ragit Shaqiri found it difficult to celebrate his side's progression to a first World Cup quarter-final since 1994 with a victory over Switzerland on Tuesday, as his cousin Xherden Shaqiri played for the losing team.
The Swedes won 1-0 thanks to winger Emil Forsberg's deflected strike, causing mixed emotions for the 18-year-old who grew up on the same Rosengard estate as retired Sweden legend Zlatan Ibahimovic.
Advertisement
"I watched the game in Kosovo with all my relatives, it was very exciting but at the same time very stressful," Ragit told Reuters as Sweden set up a last-eight clash against England on Saturday.
"I was happy and sad at the same time when Forsberg scored, I thought Xherdan played very well, his crosses towards goal were very dangerous," he added.
Xherdan's father and Ragit's mother are siblings, and left the poverty and conflict in Kosovo for Switzerland, with the latter then opting to settle in the Swedish city of Malmo.
A promising amateur footballer, Ragit's agent is Xherdan's brother Erdin and he now hopes Sweden can go on to even greater things.
Advertisement
Advertisement
"In the World Cup nothing is guaranteed, but I hope Sweden goes on to win it," he said.
(Reporting by Philip O'Connor)
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Athersys Inc:
* ATHERSYS ENTERS INTO NEW $100 MILLION EQUITY FACILITY WITH ASPIRE CAPITAL
* ATHERSYS - ‍UNDER NEW AGREEMENT, ATHERSYS HAS RIGHT TO SELL UP TO $100 MILLION OF COMMON STOCK TO ASPIRE CAPITAL UNDER CERTAIN CONDITIONS OVER 3-YEAR PERIOD​
* ATHERSYS-UNDER NEW AGREEMENT, ATHERSYS HAS RIGHT TO SELL UP TO $100 MILLION OF COMMON STOCK TO ASPIRE CAPITAL UNDER CERTAIN CONDITIONS OVER 3-YEAR PERIOD​
* ATHERSYS INC - ‍IN CONJUNCTION WITH NEW FACILITY, ASPIRE MADE AN INITIAL INVESTMENT OF $1 MILLION AT A PRICE OF $2.00 PER SHARE​ Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Allen Bertram said he didn't heed the warnings to evacuate before the Hawaiian volcano Kilauea erupted — and now he's paying the price.
"Everything I love is gone," the man, who lives in Lanipuna Gardens, told WGN-TV.
He said lava from the volcanic eruption devastated his neighborhood — and he didn't flee his house until he saw "a river of lava going down the street flowing 10 miles an hour."
Bertram opened his door, he told WGN-TV, and lava flowed in.
SIGN UP
Help us deliver journalism that makes a difference in our community. Our journalism takes a lot of time, effort, and hard work to produce. If you read and enjoy our journalism, please consider subscribing today. SUBSCRIBE TODAY
The man told ABC that he "didn't have time to grab anything," so he made it out of his house with just the clothes on his back and his beloved dog by his side. Betram said he had to scale a fence to make it to his neighbors' garage, which he used as refuge, but his dog bit him and ran away when he threw the pup over the barrier.
He never saw his dog again, he told ABC.
"I try not to think about him," he said. "He's more important than the house.
"He can't be replaced."
crossOrigin="anonymous" SHARE COPY LINK Scenes from the Kilauea volcano on Hawaii, which has been erupting for more than 20 days. New York TimesPierre Taylor
In his interview with WGN-TV, the man said he managed to make it to the garage and used the canned food there to stay alive while he was "surrounded by lava" for 12 days inside. Eventually, Bertram said he devised a plan to escape.
“I did three garbage can lids bright red and marking paint and a red shirt as a flag," he told the TV station. "I was praying that I was going to get rescued."
Rescuers in a helicopter finally airlifted him to safety Saturday, he told ABC, but there was little to rejoice in.
"I didn't gain anything in staying," he said. "I could have clean clothes, medication — this opened my eyes big time."
Another man in Hawaii was hurt after a "lava bomb" — or a blob of molten lava propelled by expanded gases — hit him on his third-floor balcony on May 19 and shattered much of his leg.
According to CBS, 41 homes and another 41 buildings have been destroyed since the volcanic eruption on May 3. Hawaii County Civil Defense Administrator Talmadge Magno said that there was a disappointing amount of people who refused to evacuate.
"Kind of disturbingly, some people just refused to leave," Magno told CBS. "We had one gentleman that had to be kind of rescued. His only way out was through his back door and through the forest."
By Chris Rotolo |
LITTLE SILVER – Monday evening Mayor Robert Neff sat in front of his laptop in a vacant municipal courtroom, fully engaged in an official Q&A session with residents from his town.
It was a town hall forum, by way of Facebook Live. Throughout the session the mayor posed various topics of conversation and deftly fielded pressing questions from some constituents of his town, population about 6,000.
It's not something many other local politicians have attempted.
“I don't think I had butterflies in my stomach about doing this live, but I was a little nervous because I wasn't sure how many residents would take part,” Neff said. “I was nervous that their questions might stop and we'd have to cut it short. But they kept coming and we actually went over time by a few minutes.”
The mayor received 16 questions throughout the 33-minute session, which peaked at 41 concurrent online viewers. But since it aired, users have viewed the archived recording more than 1,000 times. The conversation continues, with viewers posting additional follow-up questions and the administration responding with answers.
Inspired by similar sessions conducted by Brick Township Mayor John Ducey, Neff saw these Facebook Live sessions as a potential method to reach residents where they are – online.
Neff credited Councilwoman Corinne Thygeson for her hours of research on this new method of audience connection, as well as the time she spent with him planning for potential topics that could arise.
“This was really Corinne's initiative. If you have a council member who has an interest, and takes the lead to coordinate it all, you can pull off a very successful production like we just had. I can't thank her enough for the hours she put in.”
They also tried to anticipate the technical difficulties.
His MacBook, decorated with tropical pineapple stickers, was carefully placed atop a stack of books and manuals to align the laptop's camera with his face so he could sit up straight. He did two or three dry runs and found glitches every time.
“When you run into issues people like to say, ‘Just have your aide do it or call your IT department to handle that or don't you have a public relations person?' All those things are me!” said Neff, an attorney who once worked as a newspaper reporter.
Neff took questions on a wide range of topics, from sidewalk maintenance and garbage pickup, to the liquor license that was passed by a referendum vote two years ago.
He explained the liquor license was recently auctioned off and purchased for $300,000 by a company called Brickwall at Little Silver, a group comprised of local residents and those who own and operate The Brickwall Tavern & Dining Room in Asbury Park, who will soon be proposing a similar establishment for the borough that would be located adjacent to the NJ Transit train station parking lot. It was revealed in the broadcast that the Planning Board is still awaiting an application for site plan approval for that bar and restaurant.
Neff also touched upon the town's controversial cell tower and said the Borough Council is not attempting to break the 25-year lease agreement between Little Silver and Verizon. In hopes of quelling public concerns about potentially harmful radio waves emitted from the tower, the mayor was adamant that the structure has been tested and is well within federal guidelines.
One of the final questions posed to Neff was about the municipality's stance on marijuana and if the borough had an ordinance in place banning cannabis sales in its 2.7-square-mile town. The mayor made a distinction between the use of medical marijuana, as opposed to the sale of recreational products, stating, “The selling of marijuana within town shops isn't something Little Silver would be excited about. And neither would our law enforcement officials.”
Neff went on to explain that the borough does not currently have an ordinance in place banning its sale primarily because the substance is still illegal in New Jersey. However, he does anticipate that such a proposal to ban these types of shops will come before the council in the near future.
When he was finished, Neff said the session was fun, and he got great feedback.
But whether the method will gain popularity among other Two River-area leaders remains to be seen. Middletown Mayor Stephanie Murray isn't completely ruling it out.
“Considering that over 80 percent of the U.S. population has a social networking profile, it makes sense for governments to adapt and communicate that way,” Murray said. “We're not currently using Facebook Live to interact with our residents, but we are communicating across a number of social media channels, including Facebook, Twitter, Instagram and YouTube.”
Murray also spoke to the importance of accessibility, specifically in-person meetings, saying, “I truly enjoy meeting with residents at my open office hours and I don't plan on replacing those face-to-face interactions with technological ones.”
Neff's Facebook session can be viewed on the Borough of Little Silver Facebook page.
This article was first published in the March 15-22, 2018 print edition of The Two River Times.
On average, 600 enthusiasts dive every day in Antalya's Kemer district. One of Turkey's most popular scuba diving spots, Kemer boasts 20 diving schools. Those who dive in Kemer's clear water often encounter stingrays, sea turtles, rare nudibranchs, lionfish, octopi, Mediterranean moray eels, leerfish, damselfish, saddled seabream and cuttlefish.
Moon Light, Kiriş Bay, Three Islands, Lighthouse, Kiris Cave Bay, Kiriş Aquarium Bay, the Pati wreck and the Paris II wreck are favorite spots for diving enthusiasts.Especially popular with Russians, tourists often take advantage of weekly tours through Kemer diving organizations to comfortably explore diving points appropriate for their certifications.
Hosting thousands of divers every year, one of the most popular diving spots in Kemer is the Paris II wreck. Considered one of the best diving spots in the world, the wreck is a 50 meter long and 8 meter wide famous French battleship with six anti-aircraft guns weighing 551 tons and two torpedo shells. After being discovered in 1955, it became a fast favorite of divers and underwater photographers.Diving instructor Ali Sivrikaya told Anadolu Agency (AA) that 20 diving centers are operating in Kemer with the support of the Turkey Underwater Sports Federation, stressing that scuba diving tourism significantly contributes to tourism in Turkey.
"The majority of diving enthusiasts are Russian, while European and local guests have also shown more interest in diving in recent years," Sivrikaya said. "Interest in diving has been high in recent years. Diving is especially common in Russia and European countries. About 10 years ago, the number of divers registered in landlocked Switzerland was more than in Turkey. Now this has changed. The fact that this activity is on the rise in Turkey is excellent."
Sivrikaya also pointed out that diving enthusiasts are able to see rare fish species during their underwater explorations. "The Paris II wreck is among the top places to dive. The French blockaded this place in the past, but our soldiers continued to watch out for our interests just like they have in the past. The interest in this wreck continues to feed Kemer's underwater tourism sector," he added.
Sivrikaya stated that scuba diving is a sport that anyone can do as long as they are careful to follow the rules and take at least an introductory course in their native language before diving for the first time.
Sivrikaya also said daily tour boats are not allowed to enter the diving areas according to rules set by Kemer Governor's Office, adding that these rules are beneficial for both diving safety and increasing the underwater population.
Glad that they do not have to drop anchors thanks to the kedging system, Sivrikaya said they use kedge anchors to preserve the integrity of the guide ropes and to minimize environmental impact.
Referring to the fact that Egypt is a leading country in diving tourism, Sivrikaya stated that Egypt has made an industry out of this business and that diving tourism brings in significant income to Egypt. "We also need to turn this into an industry in Turkey. We must create artificial reefs, produce new diving points and concentrate on this subject as a country," Sivrikaya noted.
Narin Lenssens traveled to Kemer from Belgium to dive and said she likes diving very much and wants to rediscover what lies beneath the surface.
Highlighting how fantastic diving is, Lenssens said the underwater ecosystem is very interesting and clean. "It's a good feeling to see different kinds of fish. Everything was perfect," she said.
Ali Ayub, who came with his family from Pakistan, said he was trying the sport for the first time and had a lot of fun, stressing that now that he has scuba experience, he wants to come back to dive in Kemer.
Frederick Troster, who came from Ankara Atılım University to dive with his friends, said he has been diving since 2014. "I really like the Paris II wreck. There are unexploded bombs, tiles and gorgeous fish hidden there. It can't be described, only experienced. I think everybody needs to breathe underwater once before they die," Troster said.
SEOUL: North Korea has been working through 2016 on developing components for an intercontinental ballistic missile (ICBM), making the isolated nation's claim that it was close to a test-launch plausible, international weapons experts said on Monday.
North Korea has been testing rocket engines and heat-shields for an ICBM while developing the technology to guide a missile after re-entry into the atmosphere following a lift-off, the experts said.
While Pyongyang is close to a test, it is likely to take some years to perfect the weapon.
Once fully developed, a North Korean ICBM could threaten the continental United States, which is around 9,000 km (5,500 miles) from the North. ICBMs have a minimum range of about 5,500 km (3,400 miles), but some are designed to travel 10,000 km (6,200 miles) or further.
North Korea's state media regularly threatens the United States with a nuclear strike, but before 2016 Pyongyang had been assumed to be a long way from being capable of doing so.
"The bottom line is Pyongyang is much further along in their missile development than most people realise," said Melissa Hanham, a senior research associate at the U.S.-based Middlebury Institute of International Studies at Monterey, California.
She said the North's test in April of a large liquid-fuel engine that could propel an ICBM was a major development.
"The liquid engine test was astounding," Hanham said.
"For years, we knew that North Korea had a Soviet R-27 missile engine design. They re-engineered the design of that engine to double its propulsion".
North Korea has said it is capable of mounting a nuclear warhead on a ballistic missile but it claims to be able to miniaturise a nuclear device have never been independently verified.
The isolated nation has achieved this progress despite U.N. Security Council imposed sanctions for its nuclear tests and long-range rocket launches dating back to 2006. The sanctions ban arms trade and money flows that can fund the country's arms programme.
North Korea has enough uranium for six bombs a year and much of what it needs for its nuclear and missile programmes relies on Soviet-era design and technology. Labour is virtually free.
It can produce much of its missile parts domestically and invested heavily in its missile development infrastructure last year, funded by small arms sales and by taxing wealthy traders in its unofficial market economy.
PROPAGANDA OFFENSIVE
Throughout the year, North Korean state media showed images of numerous missile component tests, some of which revealed close-up details of engines and heat shields designed to protect a rocket upon re-entry into the earth's atmosphere.
The propaganda offensive may have revealed some military secrets, but it may have also been a bid to silence outside analysts, many of whom had remained sceptical of the North's missile programme.
"They're answering the public criticisms of U.S. experts," said Joshua Pollack, editor of the U.S.-based Nonproliferation Review. "A lot of people had questioned whether they had a working ICBM-class heat shield".
"So they showed us".
Despite the research, Pyongyang has experienced considerable difficulties getting its intermediate-range Musudan missile, designed to fly about 3,000 km (1,860 miles), off the ground. It succeeded just once in eight attempted launches last year.
North Korea has fired long-range rockets in the past, but has characterised those launches as peaceful and designed to put an object into space.
Still, the South Korean defence ministry believes the three-stage Kwangmyongsong rocket used by Pyongyang to put a satellite in space last February already has a potential range of 12,000 km (7,457 miles), if it were re-engineered.
Doing so would require mastering safer "cold-launch" technology, and perfecting the ability of a rocket to re-enter the earth's atmosphere without breaking up.
"North Korea is working hard to develop cold-launch technology and atmospheric re-entry but South Korea and the U.S. will have to assess further exactly which level of development they have reached," South Korean defence ministry official Roh Jae-cheon told a briefing on Monday.
North Korea began stepping up its missile development in March 2016, Roh said, but added that there were no "unusual signs" related to test preparations, according to the South Korean military.
That same month, Kim Jong-un was photographed looking at a small, ball-like object that North Korean state news agency KCNA said was a miniaturised nuclear warhead - the device North Korea would need to fulfil its ICBM threat.
"2016 marked the year North Korea truly ramped up their WMD (Weapons of Mass Destruction) programme," Hanham at the Middlebury Institute of International Studies at Monterey said.
"I think we're going to see a (ICBM) flight test in 2017".
(Additional reporting by Jeongeun Lee; Editing by Raju Gopalakrishnan)
President Trump on Monday answered two days of bipartisan furor over his initial response to deadly protests in Charlottesville, Va., with a statement for the first time explicitly blaming white supremacists for the “racist violence” over the weekend.
“Racism is evil, and those who cause violence in its name are criminals and thugs, including the KKK, neo-Nazis, white supremacists and other hate groups that are repugnant to everything we hold dear as Americans," the president said in a brief statement, reading from a teleprompter at the White House.
"To anyone who acted criminally in this weekend's racist violence, you will be held fully accountable. Justice will be delivered," Trump said.
The president's statement was a hastily arranged do-over that implicitly acknowledged the need to stanch the self-inflicted damage his first reaction had caused him and his administration. Criticism and outrage had continued to build, including among Republicans, to Trump's Saturday remarks blaming “many sides,” in effect lumping together for fault the anti-racism counter-protesters with the gun-wielding white supremacy groups Trump declined to name.
The episode has emerged as another defining moment in the young Trump presidency, one in which critics across the political spectrum faulted the president for failing to lead with moral clarity to unify the country amid civil strife. Trump's initial remarks had prompted stalwart conservatives such as Colorado Sen. Cory Gardner and Utah Sen. Orrin Hatch to distance themselves or rebuke the president outright, while the neo-Nazi website Daily Stormer all but called the president a kindred spirit, praising him for saying “nothing specific against us.”
As candidate and president, Trump has often demanded that incidents of crime by Muslims be called out by the name “radical Islamic terrorism.” Yet, for at least 48 hours, he would not name the racist groups culpable in Charlottesville.
Adding to the pressure for the White House, just ahead of the president's scripted comments, a Virginia judge in Charlottesville declined to set bail for alleged Nazi sympathizer James Alex Fields Jr. , 20, of Ohio, who is charged with murdering a woman and injuring at least 19 people by intentionally plowing his car into a crowd of counter-protesters and pedestrians Saturday.
Even before he belatedly spoke against the white nationalists, however, Trump drew more criticism for a tweet early Monday in which he attacked the African American chief executive of the pharmaceutical company Merck, Kenneth C. Frazier, within an hour of Frazier's resignation from a White House manufacturing council to protest Trump's initial failure to explicitly condemn the racists in Charlottesville.
The president had told reporters on Friday that he'd hold a “pretty big press conference on Monday,” but after the weekend's events no news conference was on his official Monday schedule. Instead, by midmorning the White House circulated word that Trump would make a statement on Charlottesville.
Once he came to the lectern with the presidential seal, the president first took some time to extol his administration as he often does for various economic gains. After segueing to roughly two minutes of remarks denouncing the hate groups, Trump pivoted and left, ignoring reporters' shouted questions as he had Saturday, including several asking whether he regretted his delay in specifically blaming the racists.
Before his public statement, Trump met privately with Atty. Gen. Jeff Sessions and new FBI Director Christopher A. Wray to discuss the civil rights investigation of the two days of chaos in Charlottesville that the Justice Department announced late Saturday.
Trump seemed eager to put the matter behind him. During an unrelated announcement on trade later in the day, a reporter asked why he had taken two days to condemn the hate groups by name. “They've been condemned. They have been condemned,” Trump snapped.
When asked about the canceled news conference, Trump insisted he had already held one, and then, when the reporter persisted, Trump labeled him “fake news” as he strode from the room.
After his Saturday statement, Trump continued to tweet through the weekend and into Monday, mostly on other subjects; those referring to Charlottesville did not denounce or even refer to white nationalists.
Yet on Monday the president quickly attacked Merck's chief executive after the company announced that Frazier had resigned from the president's advisory council on manufacturing. Its statement said, “America's leaders must honor our fundamental values by clearly rejecting expressions of hatred, bigotry and group supremacy.”
Frazier said he felt “a responsibility to take a stand against intolerance and extremism.”
Trump responded on Twitter less than an hour after Merck posted Frazier's statement: “Now that Ken Frazier of Merck Pharma has resigned from President's Manufacturing Council, he will have more time to LOWER RIPOFF DRUG PRICES!” He attacked Merck a second time on Twitter on Monday evening, citing it for sending jobs overseas and high prices.
On social media, many critics noted the contrast between Trump's quick condemnation of Frazier and his failure — to that point — to denounce racist groups by name. The Leadership Conference on Civil and Human Rights said Trump “proves again he's capable of immediate and personal condemnation. Why not for white supremacists?”
In New York, where Trump planned to spend the night in his first stay in Trump Tower as president, protesters converged for blocks around the high-rise, shouting "No Trump, no KKK, no fascist USA."
