Experimental feature Listen to this article Play audio for this article Pause 00:00 00:00 Experimental feature Report a mispronounced word What was mispronounced? Optional: help us by adding the time Submit Thank you for your help! or Give us your feedback Thank you for your feedback. What do you think? I‘ll use it in the future
I don‘t think I‘ll use it Please tell us why (optional) Send Feedback
The rapid growth the Trump administration is banking on in its budget will deliver around $1.8tn of extra tax revenue, the US Treasury said in a paper as it battles scepticism among economists over its claims that tax cuts can pay for themselves.
The one-page Treasury document, released on Monday, does not offer any detailed analysis of the drivers behind the elevated growth rates the administration is envisaging.
Instead, the brief report works off the assumption that growth will be around 2.9 per cent a year over 10 years, as forecast in the administration's 2018 budget — a prediction pencilled in before details of the tax overhaul were worked out in the Senate and House of Representatives.
The 0.7 percentage point increase in the annual growth rate relative to previous forecasts would generate $1.8tn of extra revenue over the decade-long period, the Treasury said on Monday. That means overall receipts over 10 years would increase by $300bn.
Steven Mnuchin, the US Treasury secretary, has repeatedly argued that the tax cuts would more than pay for themselves and actually reduce the deficit — prompting calls for analysis backing up his claims. The Treasury's inspector-general is looking into the process behind the department's analysis of the tax reforms.
In the document the Treasury says “we acknowledge that some economists predict different growth rates”. Half of the 0.7 percentage point increase in growth rates would come from changes to corporate taxation, it says, and the rest from changes to the taxation of so-called pass-through businesses, individual tax reform, regulatory reform, infrastructure development and welfare reform.
Senior Treasury officials on Monday described their 2.9 per cent growth assumption as “very reasonable”. Official readings have shown annualised growth rates of above 3 per cent in recent quarters.
However, sustained growth of the speed predicted by the administration would represent a big leap. The Joint Committee on Taxation, a congressional watchdog, has found that the tax reforms would raise gross domestic product by an average 0.8 per cent over a decade-long period — equivalent to a far smaller uplift in annual growth rates.
That would be nowhere near enough to counter the lost revenues resulting from measures including the planned reduction in the headline corporate tax rate from 35 per cent to 20 per cent.
New analysis of the Senate tax plan from the Penn Wharton Budget Model on Monday predicted it could lift GDP by between 0.5 per cent and 1.0 per cent in 2027. That would be insufficient to prevent debt from increasing by $1.8tn or $1.9tn, inclusive of economic growth.
Doug Holtz-Eakin, president of the American Action Forum, said the growth assumptions in the Treasury document sounded like a restatement of the president's budget. The question of the moment, he said, was what will be the growth and revenue impact of the final tax package that emerges from the House and Senate.
You know what's wrong with the American economy, Bucko? You, that's what.
Yeah, yeah, it's true that the reckless global gambling schemes of Wall Street bankers are what wrecked our economy — and, yes, Congress and the Federal Reserve have used trillions of our public dollars to bail out miscreant bankers while ignoring the plight of people like you whose jobs, businesses, home and middle-class incomes have been devastated by banker greed. And, sure, it's also true that corporations are hoarding $2 trillion in cash and getting billions of dollars a year in subsidies from taxpayers like you, yet refusing to hire Americans or to make job-creating investments in our country.
But blah-blah-blah, Bucko, this does not excuse your refusal to do your duty as an American consumer. CEOs say they won't start hiring until you consumer slugs get out there and spend, spend, spend.
And don't use the whiney excuse that you're out of work or mired in debt — Federal Reserve Chairman Ben Bernanke says he has looked at macro economic statistics and concluded that you're just being irrationally negative about the health of our economy.
“Households seem exceptionally cautious,” the perplexed Fed chairman declared recently, suggesting that your lack of confidence in the economy is a psychosis that's fueling a larger depression. Yes, chimed in another Federal Reserve banker, “it's hard to have a robust recovery when Americans are so dispirited.”
So, hey, perk up, America! Stop waiting on Wall Street, Washington and corporate chieftains to do something. Forget economic reality — just pull out your credit cards, put on a smile and march to the mall.
Wow, I can't tell you how much more confidence I have in our economic future knowing that America's corporate and political leaders are so insightful and in-touch. How about you?
By the way, President Barack Obama also has joined the perky posse of national leaders who are urging Americans to be more upbeat about the economic doldrums we're in. “Shake off all the naysaying and the anxiety and the hand-wringing,” he recently told us, sounding a lot like a football coach telling a player to shake off a concussion and get back in the game.
The president's pep talk came the day after he made his “bold” jobs proposal to Congress. But Obama's plan is more Walter Mittyish than Rooseveltian. While it does include some useful provisions to help stem the loss of still more jobs (especially those teachers, firefighters and other public employees being offed by Republican governors), it essentially consists of more corporate tax breaks — a form of bribery to induce enormously rich corporations to hire American workers.
This is the same old, same old that Washington keeps throwing at the problem and — hello, Washington — it's not working. Sure enough, corporate chieftains say they'll gladly take the latest handout, but we should not expect them to go on a big hiring spree. Mostly, they'll use the money to cover the few people they were going to hire anyway — and pocket the rest.
Nontheless, Obama is now barnstorming the country, rallying crowds to demand that Congress “stop the political circus and actually do something to help the economy” by passing his plan. Fine ... but what about the corporate circus? And the Wall Street circus?
It's time to stop coddling these gluttonous narcissists. America is in crisis, sinking toward depression. The president should really get bold by calling out and shaming corporate executives who suck up America's wealth, then turn their backs on us, as though the only loyalty they owe is to their own avarice — none to their country. Likewise, he should kick the bailed-out bankers right in their ample butts and insist publicly that they start making loans to America's smaller business that do want to create good jobs in our country.
Let's stop begging and start demanding.
— Jim Hightower is a national radio commentator, writer, public speaker and author of Swim Against The Current: Even A Dead Fish Can Go With The Flow. Click here for more information, or click here to contact him.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Young people could be FINED if they gather in a town centre.
The move comes amid plans to tackle anti-social behaviour in North Warwickshire, reports the Tamworth Herald.
A Public Spaces Protection Order (PSPO) - and order prohibiting a number of activities taking place in and around Coleshill town centre - is being considered by North Warwickshire Borough Council.
Councillor Patrick Davey, Chair of the Safer Communities Subcommittee said: "We have reviewed the levels of crime and disorder in the town centre to see if the existing Designated Public Places Order should be transferred to a Public Spaces Protection Order."
The proposed (PSPO) would cover the whole of the town and could see youths being slapped with a £1,000 fine.
The plans, which are still in their early days, hope to create a cleaner and a safer place.
He added: "We want Coleshill Town Centre to be a vibrant and safe area for people to shop, work and spend leisure time in.
"We want to help ensure that the behaviours of a small number of individuals do not impact on the vast majority of law abiding people.
"I support the proposal to transfer the order to a PSPO and would like to hear the views of our local community about the proposal."
Views can be submitted by completing the survey online here.
Or, alternatively, by filling in the questions on the leaflet available from Coleshill Town Hall and Community Hub.
Comments are needed by September 30 and if the order goes forward, it will be in place by October 20.
Murder Trial: "He was going to take the fall for everything if things go left"
Sir, – The news that sales of new electric vehicles have fallen – from 168 in January 2017 to just 104 in January 2018, is very disheartening (“Taxi drivers to get ¤7,000 grant for switching to electric cars”, January 31st).
Electric vehicle sales currently represent a paltry 0.28 per cent of the new car market.
Contrast this poor take-up with the experience in Norway. Electric vehicles represented 39 per cent of new car sales there in 2017. Our lack of progress within this area would be forgivable, had we a local car manufacturing business, or were we on track to hit our emissions targets.
Unfortunately, we are facing fines in the hundreds of millions of euros in 2020.
Norway has demonstrated that incentives matter. These include preferential parking, zero VAT, bus lane and toll road access and zero car tax. The Norwegian government made it a national project to hit the target of 50,000 vehicles by introducing a special incrementing electric vehicle registration plate, so that the whole country could track progress towards the goal.
We have seen positive change led by our governments in the past, in plastic bags and the smoking ban. We have little to lose by trying more radical ideas in incentivising electric vehicle adoption. – Yours, etc,
ANTHONY O'NEILL,
Dalkey,
Co Dublin.
Most years, I'm glad to return my children to school. And I don't mean just glad, I mean ecstatic, overjoyed, beside myself with overwhelming happiness that I'm no longer part-time summer camp director, part-time jail warden, part-time personal chef and full-time zookeeper. When they go back to school, my vacation begins.
But with our oldest child already moved out, our middle child now a senior and only one left who can't drive, I'm growing sad that these school years will soon be ending. Mind you, I've never been PTA president, much less homeroom mom assistant to the assistant, and so I'm also growing concerned that my children are going to remember me as the slacker mom I was rather than the mom of the year I meant to be.
So while I still have some time, I need to rewrite history, sprinkle their memories with some fake news and make them completely forget all the times I picked them up late or made them pass off packaged cookies for homemade ones at every single one of their school parties.
It's time to reform my image. If Martha Stewart can serve jail time and follow her incarceration with a primetime Christmas special, surely I can become supermom in the next year.
In an effort to replace my senior's memories, and those of her brother while I'm at it, I pledge to do correct my wayward ways as follows:
• I will not forget to pick you up from school on the days you don't have your car. Not even once, because that is wrong and also because it seems to be that one thing you guys bring up over and over and over. I get it, you get out at 3, and I will be there. What? You get out at 2:50? Well, therein lies the first problem.
• I will make your school lunch for more than just the first week of school. This will, obviously, also entail my going to the grocery on a regular basis, which is really a huge thorn in my side, but I completely understand. After 12 years you can't eat one more chicken nugget. Have you tried Chick-fil-A nuggets, though, because those are so good? OK, no – you are right – make your lunch. Done.
• I will no longer let my son wear girl shirts to school. Apparently boy polo shirts button up on one side and girl polo shirts button up the other – who knew. Well apparently most of the eighth-grade boys did last year, so this year – no girl shirts.
• I will not forget to wash your tennis, soccer, cross-country and football gear every single night – twice – on hot. Because throwing them in the dryer for 10 minutes with a dryer sheet and then Febreezing them is not the same...even though it kind of is.
• I will not wait until the last minute to work on your-my project, because all that yelling is bad for everyone. Additionally, I will start working on your bug project at least two weeks earlier, so I can order exotic freeze-dried bugs and not end up super-gluing regular old worms and bees to a piece of cardboard the night before. Because that not only gets you a bad grade, but more importantly it allows that mom – you know the one – to make a better grade than me-you.
• I will remember to sign your agenda book, permission slip, sports waiver and won't encourage you to forge my name when you call me from the school office, because the principal has an odd habit of putting me on speaker and also because your dad's signature is much easier to replicate.
• If there is a short period – promise, it will be short – where I can't make your lunch and you have to eat cafeteria food, I will remember to put money into your lunch account, because it's embarrassing not only for you, but for me to get that call...day after day. And while part of me thinks it's character building, your dad doesn't think it's funny.
• I will encourage you to attend all practices even if that means I will spend every single day of this next year waiting in my car or sitting in the bleachers for hours on end. One, because I love you and two, because I have a feeling your dad is keeping a file on me, and I probably need to step it up.
• I will remember that it's important that I get your teacher a Christmas gift, a teacher appreciation gift, a Valentine's Day gift and an end-of-the-year gift because when I/you get that last tardy before Saturday school begins, she just might be “resting her eyes” as you slip into the room at 8:05.
• I will do my best to not look absolutely pained as I sit through your academic banquet, end-of-the-year crossing, school award program...because you/I worked hard for that physical education award, just as hard as that other child who has won every single other award for the last 12 years. Just as hard.
Comments? You can email Angel Kane at tellingtales@lebanondemocrat.com. Becky Andrews and Kane are the brains behind Telling Tales, a weekly column in The Democrat.
BEIRUT - Poverty and exile, siege and starvation, jihadist rule and government shelling -- few places have seen more suffering in Syria's seven year, atrocity-filled war than the Palestinian camp of Yarmuk.
A striking 2014 picture of tired, gaunt-looking residents massing among the ruins for a food distribution drew comparisons with a World War II ghetto and became a symbol of the Syrian conflict.
The gutted neighbourhood in southern Damascus, which is now the Islamic State group's last urban redoubt in Syria or Iraq, was once Syria's biggest Palestinian refugee camp, home to around 160,000 people.
Years of crippling siege and bombardment by the regime of President Bashar al-Assad, whose presidential compound is visible from the camp, had already sent tens of thousands of them into a second exile.
Yarmuk is one of the closest spots to central Damascus to have been controlled by IS.
After months of sporadic shelling as it concentrated its efforts on retaking the rebel stronghold of Eastern Ghouta, the resurgent regime launched a final offensive last week to retake Yarmuk.
According to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights monitoring group, around 1,000 IS fighters remain in Yarmuk and the adjacent neighbourhoods of Hajar al-Aswad, Tadamun and Qadam.
Most of them are former members of Al-Qaeda's Syrian ex-affiliate Al-Nusra Front, but Does fighters also include Palestinian refugees who joined when the Islamists took over much of the camp in 2015.
Facing them are regime and allied forces who have turned their attention to jihadist-held pockets in southern Damascus after completing their recapture of Ghouta, an area east of the capital.
According to the Britain-based Observatory, the Syrian army is leading the battle, with Russian officers supervising and Palestinian militias contributing hundreds of foot soldiers.
The Observatory said dozens of fighters had already been killed in the fighting on both sides.
IS jihadists have posted several grisly pictures on their social media accounts purportedly showing regime or allied fighters they beheaded.
But the jihadists are unlikely to hold out much longer. Seven years of conflict that made Yarmuk one of the conflict's worst humanitarian and military flashpoints looks set to end in further death and destruction.
- Iconic picture -
Yarmuk camp was opened in 1957 with tents set up for Palestinian families forced to leave their homes by the establishment of Israel. These were soon replaced by permanent structures.
The wider area of Yarmuk was also home to hundreds of thousands of Syrians.
In 2011, regime attempts to use the traditionally apolitical Palestinian refugee community to raise tensions with Israel and divert attention from the internal uprising in Syria backfired.
Syrian opposition groups came to see Yarmuk as a potential forward base in their campaign to unseat Assad. The fighting that ensued levelled the area and forced most residents to flee.
According to the United Nations' agency for Palestinian refugees UNRWA, most of the camp's 6,000 residents have been displaced by the recent fighting.
The agency's spokesman Chris Gunness said he was "deeply concerned" about them and asked the belligerent parties to give the UN humanitarian access to the besieged neighbourhood.
Yarmuk, which was meant as haven for displaced Palestinians, had come to symbolise a humanitarian catastrophe that caused some of the worst displacement since World War II.
A picture taken during a UN food distribution in January 2014 gripped the world's imagination and drew attention to Yarmuk's plight.
The photo -- depicting thousands of haggard-looking civilians thronging the ruins of their neighbourhood as they waited for a food handout -- drew parallels with the Warsaw ghetto, even in the Israeli press.
Gunness, the UNRWA spokesman, said that year: "The lexicon of man's inhumanity to man has a new word: Yarmuk."
Stories of children eating paper, families surviving on animal feed, and outbreaks of typhoid made Yarmuk a cause celebre, contributing to the global pressure on Assad.
Make informed decisions.
Become an FT subscriber.
Keep abreast of significant corporate, financial and political developments around the world. Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting, expert commentary and analysis you can trust.
WASHINGTON (AP) — The Senate has voted 50-47 to confirm one of President Donald Trump's nominees to serve on the 5th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals in New Orleans.
Republicans used their majority to push Kyle Duncan's confirmation through over the objections of Democratic lawmakers and liberal advocacy groups that described him as a conservative culture warrior.
Duncan was lead counsel in the Hobby Lobby case before the Supreme Court, which decided that some corporations can hold religious objections that allow them to opt out of a requirement to cover contraceptives for women.
Democrats questioned whether Duncan could be an impartial arbitrator given his work on various social issues.
Advertisement
Republican Sen. John Kennedy of Louisiana says some senators are confusing the role of the lawyer and client.
Chief of Army Staff (COAS) General Rajendra Chhetri left Kathmandu to pay official visit to People's Republic of China and Myanmar.
Visiting on an official invitation of China and Myanmar, General Chhetri will hold official talks in both the countries on the matter of mutual interest and relations between the Nepal Army and armies of those countries.
During his stay in Mynmar, COAS General Chhetri will pay a courtesy call to State Counsellor of Myanmar Aung San Suu Kyi and Senior General Min Aung Hlaing
According to a press release issued by Public Relations and Information Nirdeshnaly, COAS General Chhetri will visit four days in Myanmar and leave China from Myanmar. He will return on July 13.
No injuries reported in fire on Milpas Street in Santa Barbara
Firefighters responded Monday to a structure fire in a commercial building on Santa Barbara's Eastside that apparently was sparked by malfunctioning electrical equipment, according to the Santa Barbara City Fire Department.
Crews were called out at about 11:45 a.m. to the 100 block of North Milpas Street — to a single-story building that houses a stereo store and smoke shop, said fire Capt. Gary Pitney.
The first firefighters to arrive on scene reported light smoke coming from the front of the building, Pitney said.
Crews initially had difficulty locating the source of the blaze, but after venting the roof and using thermal-imaging equipment, found it to the rear of the building, Pitney said.
The fire remained under investigation, but appeared to have been caused by some electrical equipment, Pitney said.
No injuries were reported.
There was smoke damage throughout the structure, and some loss of contents, Pitney said, “but nothing structural.”
— Noozhawk executive editor Tom Bolton can be reached at .(JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address) . Follow Noozhawk on Twitter: @noozhawk, @NoozhawkNews and @NoozhawkBiz. Connect with Noozhawk on Facebook.
6:35 Video shown at SLO Chamber of Commerce dinner draws allegations of sexism Pause
1:42 Water gushes at California's Lake Oroville dam
2:06 Mayor, residents react to Wal-Mart's decision to not build a store in Atascadero
1:56 Baby elephant seals eat, sleep and cuddle with their moms at the crowded Piedras Blancas rookery
1:44 SLO County rock climbers take on Cabrillo Peak
0:28 Atascadero Creek threatens nearby home
0:46 Why opponents of the Phillips 66 oil-by-rail project don't want it built
2:24 What shots do your kids need for back to school?
1:30 Cuesta College teacher, students assemble mountain lion skeleton
A school in Toledo is celebrating the birthday of a legendary icon and civil rights activist, Rosa Parks, who would have turned one hundred five this coming Sunday.
Friday, students at Rosa Parks Elementary school got to hear a special message from Parks' niece, Urana McCauley, whose mission is to continue her Aunt's inspirational legacy.
"Sometimes it might be good to hear it from someone who's not a parent or a teacher and just someone you know connected to someone like an icon like Rosa Parks who changed history," said McCauley. "I want people to know that when they think of Rosa Parks she wasn't someone who was just old and tired that day, Auntie Rosa was someone who was actively working for change her whole life."
Students came ready with questions to ask McCauley, and walked away knowing more about Parks than they ever did before.
"My aunt got arrested several times people don't know about that," McCauley said.
When ask how he would describe Rosa Parks, seventh grader Keshon Mcalister said she was courageous, brave and smart.
"Auntie Rosa was a humble person but she was an intelligent person, she was very hardworking and she really loved her family she really did," said McCauley.
Rosa Parks Elementary school celebrates the civil rights activist's birthday every year, keeping her vision alive while working to foster change.
"I just wanna continue her legacy and inspire other people out here that they too can make a change in their community um and that you know my aunt was just an ordinary person who did an extraordinary thing," said McCauley.
Follow WTOL:
Download our app here.
Copyright 2018 WTOL. All rights reserved.
WASHINGTON, D.C. — U.S. Secret Service Director Joseph Clancy plans to step down next month, the agency said on Tuesday, two years after he took charge of the agency following high-profile security lapses by the service responsible for protecting the president.
“Congratulations Dir Clancy on your retirement! The men & women of the @SecretService are grateful for your 29 years of service & leadership,” the Secret Service said on Twitter.
Clancy will leave on March 4, an agency spokesman said.
High-profile motorcycle case is dismissed in NoozWeek's Top 5, which includes a SWAT call and a pair of shark sightings. Meanwhile, chat with Noozhawk's publisher Tuesday
What were you reading on Noozhawk this past week?
1. City Throws in Towel on Skateboard Park Closure
Over three days in early July 1863, Union and Confederate forces fought one of the fiercest and deadliest battles of the Civil War. The Battle of Gettysburg holds a special place in American history, and its hallowed ground currently is the scene of a massive re-enactment on the 150th anniversary of the North's victory, an outcome that may well have saved the Republic.
It remains to be seen how history will judge the Standoff at Skater's Point, but — good Lord — you would have thought the stakes were the same now as then. In case you're not interested in the Ken Burns documentary, here's the TMZ version:
A handful of ruffians at the waterfront skateboard park hurled water balloons and insults at passers-by and City of Santa Barbara employees.
The city responded by closing the park July 2, barricading its entrances and lining the bowls with heavy chains.
Skateboarders vandalized the barriers and used bolt-cutters to remove the chains.
More than a half-dozen Santa Barbara police officers were deployed to keep an eye on things. Instead, skateboarders surrounded one squad car and took selfies of their “sit-in” with their smart phones.
With better things to do for the Fourth of July, the city raised the white flag and reopened the skate park July 3.
Did I miss anything?
Look, I'm in no way excusing the actions that caused the ruckus in the first place. The park at times is a magnet for troublemakers and even drug deals, but, let's be honest, so is the rest of the waterfront. Vagrants aggressively badger locals and tourists alike at various points along the bike path east of Stearns Wharf. If we tolerate that there — and we do — why is anyone surprised that Skater's Point is a zoo, too?
Taxpayers own the park, which — if memory serves — was built to provide restless youth with a recreational option that didn't involve the destruction of walls, curbs and any other smooth piece of concrete around here. If the city wants to take it back, hire the equivalent of lifeguards to monitor it, install security cameras, station rangers there, or just dump sand in the damn thing. There's a beach full of it not 10 feet away!
2. Judge Tosses Manslaughter Case Against Motorcyclists
Raul Ibarra, 24, of Santa Barbara, died March 2 when he crashed his motorcycle head-on into an SUV on Foothill Road near the Santa Barbara Tennis Club. He allegedly was racing two companions, one of whom, 24-year-old Jonathan Alvarez Leon, was seriously injured when he laid down his motorcycle to avoid the collision. The other biker, 23-year-old Alex Rodriguez, sped away, but was arrested later that night.
The Santa Barbara County District Attorney's Office took the case to court, alleging that Alvarez Leon and Rodriguez were criminally liable for the death of their friend. Noozhawk readers have been hooked on the story, which has been hotly debated in the comments section.
The trial began June 19, and Deputy District Attorney Sanford Horowitz rested his case July 3. Later that day, Superior Court Judge Jean Dandona dropped a bombshell, ruling that the prosecution had not proven anything and throwing out the vehicular manslaughter charges against the defendants.
Defense attorney Ron Bamieh, who represented Rodriguez, called Dandona's decision the right one.
“The District Attorney's Office went ahead and prosecuted Mr. Rodriguez against the wishes of the victim's family,” he said in a statement to Noozhawk, referring to Ibarra's relatives. “This case has been heart-wrenching from the start.
“Alex was incarcerated at the time of Raul's funeral, and unable to mourn his death with family and friends. This prosecution has torn the lives of three families apart for four months.”
District Attorney Joyce Dudley said she respected Dandona's ruling but added that it would have been preferable for a jury to make that call.
“We at the District Attorney's Office continue to be gravely concerned about drivers who speed and those who leave the scene of a crime,” she said.
Meanwhile, in the 32 hours since we posted Giana Magnoli's report on the dismissal, just about every Noozhawk visitor had read the story. I don't recall that happening before.
3. SWAT Incident Ends in Arrest at Goleta Home
A Goleta neighborhood near Dos Pueblos High School was sealed off by authorities June 28 after a report of an altercation involving a man possibly armed with a gun.
Santa Barbara County sheriff's Lt. Kelly Moore said a woman and her adult son were arguing that morning when the man allegedly pushed her, hit her with a sports racquet and broke a telephone as she tried to call 9-1-1.
Moore said the mother and her 14-year-old daughter were able to escape from the house in the 7400 block of San Blanco Drive, and they quickly reported the attack. That prompted a full-scale response, including the arrival of the sheriff's SWAT unit.
The suspect, Felipe Barrera, 20, eventually was located at a friend's house on nearby San Milano Drive, where he was taken into custody without incident. Moore said Barrera was booked into County Jail on suspicion of assault with a deadly weapon, destroying a communications device to prevent someone from calling law enforcement and committing a felony while out on bail. He also had several outstanding arrest warrants working against him.
A 17-year-old also was arrested after allegedly lying to authorities about Barrera's whereabouts.
Moore said a search of the San Blanco Drive house turned up a loaded .22-caliber rifle that had been modified for concealment.
4. DUI Attorney Darryl Genis Found in Contempt of Court
To his fans, DUI attorney Darryl Genis is colorful. To his detractors, he's boorish and bullying. It looks like his schtick may be wearing thin in the Santa Barbara County Superior Court system after a judge found him in contempt of court for insulting comments he made to a fellow attorney.
In her ruling, Judge Jean Dandona said Genis called Deputy District Attorney Hannah Lucy a “little girl,” which “was done in immediate view and presence of the court.” Genis reportedly apologized to the court but Dandona found the apology “disingenuous and insincere.”
Along with the contempt of court ruling, Genis was fined $1,000 — an amount that makes it reportable to the State Bar, according to Superior Court executive officer Gary Blair.
For his part, Genis insists that Lucy called him a name and says he's seeking a contempt hearing against her. That seems kind of girlie coming from a guy who boasts on his own website that he stands “ready to fight your DUI case by bombarding the Santa Barbara [sic] District Attorney with extensive pre-trial motions, demonstrative evidence, photographs, witness testimony, videos, defense experts, essential cross-examination of the prosecution's witnesses, and of course, your testimony.”
The bombardments don't end with the DA's Office, however. Genis sometimes seems to spend as much time arguing his cases in lengthy emails to Noozhawk reporters as he does in the courtroom. What's that old adage? “If the law is on your side, argue the law. If the law isn't on your side, pound your fist on the table louder than the other guy.” Gag order, anyone?
5. El Capitán, Refugio, Gaviota Beaches Reopened Early After Shark Encounter
Kayakers encountered a shark — believed to be a great white — near Tajiguas north of Refugio State Beach on June 29, leading authorities to close the beaches at three popular state parks along the Gaviota coast just days before the Fourth of July holiday.
After the sighting, the California State Parks Department barred people from entering the water at El Capitán, Gaviota and Refugio state beaches, but the ban was lifted July 1 after there were no further encounters.
The shark reportedly lifted one of the kayaks as it swam beneath them, but the vessel didn't overturn. The two kayakers immediately returned to shore and alerted authorities.
• • •
At noon Tuesday, July 9, I'm planning to host a half-hour Twitter Chat, during which I'll be answering reader questions about our site and our stories, and pretty much anything else you want to know — as long as I can type it in 140 characters or fewer. We're using a service called Twubs and you can follow along with the hashtag #nooztalk.
Our social media intern, Frankie Victoria, and I have been exploring ways for a more direct engagement with our readers, and we're eager to see how this works. If we all find it useful, we'll plan to make it a weekly conversation.
• • •
We've already discussed the Battle of Gettysburg. Here's a video from the 150th re-enactment of Pickett's Charge.
(animedude237 video)
• • •
There were 56,522 people who read Noozhawk this past week. If you value our unmatched breaking news and in-depth reporting on the issues that you care about, please support our experienced staff of professional journalists and help us continue to provide a vital forum for the community.
How can you help?
» Join our Hawks Club by clicking here to make a donation online, or mail your check to Noozhawk, P.O. Box 101, Santa Barbara 93102.
» .(JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address) or market your business, organization, service or event.
» Subscribe to our free daily e-Bulletin.
» Display your Noozhawk pride with a 3-inch-square Noozhawk sticker. Send a self-addressed, stamped envelope to Noozhawk Promotions, P.O. Box 101, Santa Barbara 93102. The free stickers — as well as full-sized bumper stickers and pens — also are available at Noozhawk World Headquarters, 1327-A State St., by the historic Arlington Theatre.
» Like us on Facebook.
» Follow us on Twitter.
Please note that personal contributions to Noozhawk are not deductible as charitable donations.
Thank you for your support.
— Bill Macfadyen is Noozhawk's founder and publisher. Contact him at .(JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address) , follow him on Twitter: @noozhawk, or click here to read previous columns. The opinions expressed are his own.
TOP STORY:
SOC--LIVERPOOL-ROMA
LIVERPOOL, England — Liverpool and Roma started the Champions League as outsiders. Now they meet in the semifinals, with the first leg at Anfield. By Steve Douglas. UPCOMING: 600 words by 2100, GMT.
NEW/DEVELOPING:
Advertisement
OLY--TOKYO 2020-INSPECTORS
TOKYO — The head of an IOC inspection team urged organizers of the 2020 Tokyo Olympics to be more direct answering questions about progress and planning on Tuesday. The advice from John Coates, which followed a two-day inspection tour, came a week after several sports federations openly criticized Tokyo's preparations. The games are just over two years away. By Stephen Wade. SENT: 550 words, photos.
TEN--BARCELONA OPEN
BARCELONA, Spain — David Goffin faces Marcel Granollers in the second round of the Barcelona Open. UPCOMING: 200 words by 1900 GMT.
BBO--BABE RUTH-60TH HR BAT
NEW YORK — As part of its collection of Babe Ruth items, the Baseball Hall of Fame says it has the bat the slugger used to hit his then-record 60th home run in 1927. A private collector also claims to own the bat, and he's selling it at auction. PSA/DNA, one of the leading sports memorabilia authenticators, supports his assertion. By Vin A. Cherwoo. SENT: 820 words, photos.
FOOTBALL:
SOC--BAYERN-REAL MADRID-HISTORY
MADRID — They are two of the biggest clubs in the world, both with enough trophies to fill a warehouse. They are Real Madrid and Bayern Munich. On Wednesday, the giants of European soccer will meet yet again in the Champions League semifinals. The first leg is in Munich. By Tales Azzoni. SENT: 610 words, photos.
SOC--SALZBURG'S SUCCESS
VIENNA — Although the desired breakthrough in the Champions League has yet to happen, Salzburg is finally enjoying the European success it has been targeting for more than a decade. The Austrian club is in the semifinals of the Europa League, the only team from outside the top five leagues still in the race for a European cup this season. By Eric Willemsen. SENT: 730 words, photos.
Other Stories:
— BBO--BASEBALL CAPSULES — Skaggs shuts down Astros; Angels win 2-0 after call reversed. SENT: 1,480 words, photos.
— BKN--NBA PLAYOFF CAPSULES — Rockets use 50-point 3rd quarter to blow out Timberwolves. SENT: 320 words, photos.
— HKN--NHL PLAYOFF CAPSULES — Capitals beat Blue Jackets in Game 6 to advance to 2nd round. SENT: 310 words, photos.
YOUR QUERIES: Questions and story requests are welcome. Contact your local AP bureau or the AP International Sports Desk in London by telephone at +44 207 427 4224 or email lonsports@ap.org.
Niki Lauda says struggling Valtteri Bottas is not to blame for his collapse in form.
The Finn was having a solid first season for Mercedes until a few races ago, when Ferrari and even Red Bull began to step ahead of the reigning champions.
"The alarm bells are ringing loudly," Lauda, the Mercedes team chairman, told Kronen Zeitung newspaper.
"There is something wrong aerodynamically or mechanically. The car is not stable. So when you are over one second behind, you don't even need to think about the tyre window."
Team boss Toto Wolff said Mercedes has made progress since its struggle a week ago in Malaysia, but F1 legend Lauda revealed: "We still have no solution.
"But we will surely have a different setup in Suzuka. And we hope that we return to our old form," he said.
Championship leader Lewis Hamilton has found a way to drive around many of the 2017 car's problems, but teammate Bottas is notably struggling.
Lauda explained: "This is easily explained. Lewis said in Malaysia that it was exhausting for him to keep the beast on the road. He succeeds with this because of his talent.
"Bottas on the other hand needs a stable car," the F1 legend added. "We could not give him that. This is our fault."
Lauda was also asked about contractual matters, with Hamilton reportedly pushing for a new deal beyond 2018.
Lauda said: "He still has a contract for 2018, so we will talk about it after Abu Dhabi."
As for rumours of a 'pre-agreement' with Max Verstappen for 2019, Lauda insisted: "There's nothing in it. Zero. Honestly, nothing at all."
KEY BISCAYNE, FLA. (WSVN) - As America celebrates Independence Day, South Florida residents are taking to the streets for barbecues, parades and parties.
Locals gathered in Key Biscayne for the 56th annual Independence Day Parade.
Grammy Award-winning singer Jon Secada was on hand to sing the national anthem
“It's my first time, in all these years living in Miami,” Secada said. “This is what Miami's all about, Key Biscayne and a day like this.”
Some attendees have been coming to the event for years.
“It's always the best on Key Biscayne,” said Annika Akernund Tarajano. “I've lived here close to 40 years and I really, really love it. It's a wonderful day.”
“I think this is awesome. I wanted to come last year, but I'm really, really looking forward to the fireworks at night,” said attendee Donte Harris.
In Broward, residents also came out to enjoy Independence Day activities.
In Fort Lauderdale, a host of events is taking place, including live music, parties, giveaways, contests and more. The celebration was put together by Fort Lauderdale Parks and Recreation.
Fort Lauderdale also kicked off the day with a parade along the beach, one of the city's oldest traditions.
“It's a day full of lots of fun and excitement. It's all free as far as the activities,” said Debbie Bylica of Fort Lauderdale Parks and Recreation. “You can bring your coolers and your food. Every year, the crowd gets bigger. By the time the fireworks, the beach is packed from the north end all the way down to where it splits to the south beach, so it's packed. It's hard to tell, but thousands of people are here.”
Organizers said parking for the Fort Lauderdale event is scarce, so it is recommended that attendees park downtown. City lots will only cost $5 and a shuttle at the Briny Riverfront Pub, located at 305 S. Andrews Avenue, will drop you off at the event.
Both events in Key Biscayne and Fort Lauderdale will all culminate in a fireworks show at the end of the day.
For more festivities going on around South Florida, click here.
Copyright 2018 Sunbeam Television Corp. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
It's another clean sheet for Derby County , who remain second in the Championship after beating Brentford 3-0.
Goals from Tom Huddlestone - his first for the Rams - Cameron Jerome and Matej Vydra meant that the Rams have a one-point gap over third-placed Aston Villa. Villa beat Burton Albion 3-2.
Derby fans are, understandably, delighted with the result.
Elliott Cannon - @ElliottCannon on Twitter - said: "Huddlestone is a deserved man of the match. Must have been such a good feeling to get that goal. Vydra and Anya outstanding. Defence did their job for yet another clean sheet."
And Reece Hinds also singled out the Rams' defence for praise.
He said: "It's a pleasure watching Curtis Davies defend. (He) does so much that goes under the radar, him and Keogh together are absolutely quality, what a signing!"
Here is what Derby supporters have been saying on social media:
After 4 years, Carpenter Park nears completion
hello
A $1 million renovation project at Carpentersville's flagship park seemed to hit one setback after another since plans were initiated four years ago.
First, the Carpenter Park improvements were halted for more than a year when the state froze project funding. Then, the contractor originally hired to perform the work went out of business.
Now, after years of being under construction and largely unusable, the amenities at Carpenter Park are almost entirely functional, Public Works Director Bob Cole said. Walking paths have been formed, a nine-hole disc golf course was created, basketball courts were installed and a new playground has officially opened.
As the final pieces of the project fall into place this month, village officials say the end product is worth the wait.
"We persevered, and the outcome is very positive," Cole said. "The park is being used as it should today."
The project has been ongoing since April 2013, when Plainfield-based Upland Design was hired to create a master park plan, Cole said. The village was awarded a $400,000 matching Open Space Lands Acquisition and Development grant about a year later.
When the state suspended funding for parks projects throughout Illinois in March 2015, the village's public works staff had already removed all playground equipment and other amenities in anticipation of construction.
Carpenter Park sat empty and untouched for more than a year until the grant was released last summer, Cole said. Construction resumed in September after the village hired a new contractor, Chicago-based Elanar Construction.
The project is now about 98 percent complete, with only minor improvements to the new softball field remaining, Cole said. A grand opening is scheduled for July 15.
"With these improvements, the park will definitely be used by a lot more people," he said. "There's just more activities for them to do other than a playground."
Other upgrades include bag toss games, gazebos, perennial gardens and a serenity garden at the Veterans Garden memorial. New signage, which Cole calls the "icing on the cake," has also been added to the park entrance at Main Street and Lord Avenue.
"The residents and the village board and parks commission exhibited a lot of patience with the project," Cole said. "It just seemed like there were a lot of hurdles as the project progressed, but I think the outcome was well worth the wait."
Dubai: Princess Haya Bint Al Hussain, Wife of His Highness Shaikh Mohammad Bin Rashid Al Maktoum, Vice-President and Prime Minister of the UAE and Ruler of Dubai, called for the establishment of a data bank for humanitarian logistics at the Humanitarian City in Dubai, and called on all governments to gather data in order to work together in advancing the field of humanitarian assistance.
Princess Haya addressed the issue of humanitarian aid at the World Government Summit, stating that ending world hunger is a political and economic imperative.
She pointed out that more than 65 million people have been displaced from their homes due to conflicts in several regions in the world, including Yemen, Syria and Nigeria.
“UN reports predict that around 250 million people will be subjected to displacement as a result of climate change and war within the next decade,” said Princess Haya.
She referred to the traditional system of aid, which was used to help those affected by the Second World War, as one that is still used today.
Princess Haya further stressed on the need for governments, NGOs, and other organisations to look outside the box, away from traditional methods of aid assistance, and to rely on technology and innovation to speed up humanitarian response times.
“When the UN decided to evacuate their staff from Kabul, UAE was capable of accomplishing the task in three hours,” she said. Princess Haya also referred to the use of drones to deliver aid to remote areas of Africa, as another innovative method of rapid aid response.
According to the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD), UAE is one of the most generous donors of foreign aid in the world, reporting an increase of 34 per cent in foreign aid in 2015, which reached Dh32 billion, the equivalent of $8.8 billion.
Year of Giving
“The UAE will continue to be in the Year of Giving, one of the most humanitarian countries in the world,” said Princess Haya.
She referred to devastating statistics showing the total amount of required aid in the world has increased to $22 billion, 10 times the amount needed in 2000.
“There are still 800 million people suffering from the worst kind of hunger and poverty. The poor and the hungry do not think about anything but how to gain their daily bread,” said Princess Haya.
She highlighted that the UAE is establishing a state for the future, which embodies innovative solutions for humanitarian aid. She also pointed out the international humanitarian city has become the largest logistical city and fastest in delivering humanitarian services in the world, with more than 50 organisations working under its wing.
World hunger
On the topic of world hunger, Princess Haya explained the latest UN reports, which show that the amount of wasted food adds up to $2.6 trillion a year, enough to feed the world population three times, including the 800 million people who continue to live in a state of hunger.
“Our plan of action on a humanitarian level will first start by putting a total end to world hunger so that it reaches zero per cent, then fighting poverty through development and transparency,” she added.
Princess Haya praised Shaikh Mohammad for establishing the Emirates Food Bank, which she said is another step contributing to the eradication of world hunger, and encouraged other governments around the world to follow in his footsteps.
“Humanitarian aid is our responsibility; this is humanity,” she said.
Image caption The games bring together young athletes aged 14-18 from the 52 countries of the Commonwealth
The delay in deciding whether the 2021 Commonwealth Youth Games can be held in Belfast is "devastating", NI Commonwealth officials have said.
The collapse of power-sharing at Stormont 16 months ago meant funding for the games was never signed off.
Last July, a handover ceremony to Belfast was cancelled due to the delay.
Robert McVeigh, chair of the NI Commonwealth Games Council (NICGC), said a decision on the games is now expected to be made in the summer.
He told BBC News NI that continued uncertainty around funding to allow the games to go ahead was "devastating" to his organisation.
'Good facilities'
"I'm at the forefront of meeting with delegates from other places about not hosting these games," he said.
"We have good facilities - we're ready, we should be doing it - but we can't get any progress or movement at all."
While the question mark over the future of the games in Belfast remains, on Wednesday the secretary of state held a dinner marking the achievements of Team NI in the 2018 Commonwealth Games in Australia.
Mr McVeigh said the decision by the secretary of state to hold a reception for the athletes was appreciated, but that it was unfortunate an event could not be held at Stormont.
"It's sad that this is not taking place in Stormont, as it would do in any other part of the UK that has a devolved administration where we would be brought along to meet with ministers," he said.
After the 2014 Commonwealth Games in Glasgow, a reception for the NI team was hosted by the then Sports Minister Caral Ní Chuilín in Stormont's Parliament Buildings.
Image caption Mrs Bradley hosted an event to recognise the achievements of Team NI at the 2018 Commonwealth Games in Australia
Approximately 40 Team NI athletes and staff attended Wednesday's event at Stormont House, as well as the NICGC's patron, Dame Mary Peters.
She said it would be unfortunate if the games could not be held in Belfast, as they provide so much for young athletes.
"If we had the games here we could inspire lots of young people to get involved, and then our team would be stronger next time around", she said.
"I think it's also good for the public to see top quality people competing - what better for our future?"
It is understood that earlier this year, the NICGC met with the Northern Ireland Officer to look at alternative ways of getting funding approved.
The NIO told BBC News NI that sporting events were "a matter for the devolved administration", but that it was engaging with relevant organisations in the interim.
It has been almost a year since it was revealed that the Belfast games were in doubt.
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Rhys McClenaghan won Northern Ireland's only gold medal in the 2018 Commonwealth Games
Northern Ireland has been without a functioning devolved government since January 2017, after power-sharing between the Democratic Unionist Party (DUP) and Sinn Féin collapsed.
The Commonwealth Games Federation (CGF) said it "empathised with the ongoing circumstances" at Stormont and hoped the situation could still be resolved.
'Asking for answers'
Mr McVeigh said the NI Commonwealth Games Council was still engaging with the five Stormont parties, but said time is running out.
"The Commonwealth Games Federation cannot allow us to be going on much longer, that is definite," he said.
"We're asking for answers, we're asking for help and assistance and we're trying to do the best we can for our young people. It's frustrating when we can't get an opportunity to move."
About 1,000 young athletes are due to take part in the games, which would have been a landmark event for Northern Ireland's centenary year.
Sports stars like Carl Frampton, Michael Conlon and Jessica Ennis-Hill have all taken part in previous events.
1:50 SLO County poet laureate Jeanie Greensfelder reads 'At Sweet Springs Preserve' Pause
1:15 Hiking Morro Dunes Ecological Reserve
5:11 Advocates of the Chumash Heritage National Marine Sanctuary explain why they support it
1:32 The truth about prescription opioids and addiction
0:54 South County Sanitation District spends millions to update facilities
1:23 At Georgia Brown Elementary in Paso Robles, students learn in English and Spanish
1:46 Discovery SLO's vision: Bowling alley, concerts, food and more — all in one spot
0:37 Cmdr. Beau Pryor describes the search for suspects in Arroyo Grande shooting
1:06 Water races down Nacimiento Lake's main spillway
Megan Schott(NEW YORK) — Many use the beloved holiday tradition of dressing their kids up as an Elf on the Shelf just for laughs. But one Nashville, Indiana, mom is dressing her son up to raise money to buy toys for kids in need.
Megan Schott started dressing up her 18-month-old son Forest as an Elf on the Shelf last year.
“It was a lot,” the mother of one recalled to ABC News.
Schott, 30, noted that she takes anywhere between 80 to 100 photos just to get a single silly shot of her son as an Elf on the Shelf. The process usually takes an hour. But it became so taxing, she didn't want to do it again this year.
“But everyone kept asking, ‘Hey! Are we going to see Forest as an Elf on the Shelf?' So I said, ‘Let's do a fundraiser out of it,'” she explained. “In order for me to post a nightly picture of Forest, someone would have to donate in the past 24 hours. It's kind of like a pay-per-view.”
Schott had an initial goal of $500. But she was blown away by the response, meeting that goal in a matter of days. So she bumped up her goal to $1,000, but she blew past that goal too. She's now raised more than $2,000, which she'll split and donate to the Salvation Army and the Columbus Fireman's Cheer Fund.
Cheer Fund co-chairman Jarrad Mullis told ABC News that the Schott's donations will help the approximately 1,300 kids they serve each holiday season.
A spokesperson for the fund added in a statement, “Having the community be so involved like Forest and his family is what makes the Cheer Fund succeed each year. Without the generosity of volunteers and donations, it wouldn't be possible. Forest's donation will go toward purchasing new toys, bikes and stuffed animals for the over 1,200 children we will help this year.”
For Schott, who works in administration at an automobile engine company, she just wants to teach her son how to live a great life.
“I really want to teach my son to be a caring and compassionate person and to be there for others,” she said. “When you promote compassion for others, the others will show their compassion too. That's what our community has done.”
Copyright © 2017, ABC Radio. All rights reserved.
Episode 13 of the Free Market Shooter podcast has been released. A link is below:
Episode 13 – FMShooter Podcast
This week's episode features discussion on the Las Vegas shooting, what happened/how was he able to do it, gun control as a political issue, media response to Trump PR visit, and more.
More information about the podcast, as well as a full recap of all episodes, can be found at the FMShooter Podcast page on this site, which is also linked in the site's page list.
If you are interested in coming on the Free Market Shooter podcast as a guest, please contact Duane Norman.
FILE - In this July 7, 2016 file photo Jessica Mann, left, gives change to a customer following a recreational marijuana purchase at Cannabis City, in Seattle. Officials in states like Oregon where marijuana is legal are trying to curtail smuggling of pot to other states. Meanwhile, U.S. Attorney General Jeff Sessions is pushing for a more aggressive approach in these states, noting the drug is being diverted to other states. Ted S. Warren, File AP Photo
CBS4CBS4 is now on CBSMiami.com. It's the same great news, weather, and investigations you found on cbs4.com, but we've added a whole new range of great items and features to help you get more out […]
My TV 33My TV33 is on CBSMiami.comIt's the same great news, weather, and investigations you found on cbs4.com, but we've added a whole new range of great items and features to help you get more out of […]
WQAMMiami's Sports Radio 560 WQAM is South Florida's original sports station. For a quarter century, WQAM has brought the region live coverage of their favorite teams and been home to the most popular and beloved […]
South Florida H.S. SportsSFHSSports is now on CBSMiami.com! We're a part of the CBS Miami family… Visit us at http://miami.cbslocal.com/category/sfhssports . Our “crew” Larry Blustein SFHSSports Senior Writer FloridaKids1@aol.com . We want to hear […]
Two teenage boys have been rescued after three days underground in the skeleton-lined labyrinth of the Catacombs of Paris, France.
Paris police said they alerted firefighters that the boys, aged 16 and 17, were missing.
Police said teams of rescuers, including climbers and sniffer dogs, set out to search for the youths and found them beneath southern Paris a few hours later suffering from slight hypothermia.
It was unclear how the boys got lost.
Advertisement
Sometimes people sneak into the catacombs after the official museum is closed and venture into areas normally off-limits, even organising special parties or adventure games.
Some 20m below Paris, the catacombs hold the remains of six million people, transferred there starting in the 1700s as public graveyards were closed.
-AP
FARGO, N.D. - A North Dakota woman who earlier admitted killing a pregnant neighbor to get her baby did it by cutting the baby from the mother's womb as she faded in and out of consciousness, prosecutors said Friday.
Brooke Crews, 38, was sentenced to life in prison without parole in a hearing that for the first time detailed the August death of Savanna Greywind, 22, of Fargo.
Ashton Matheny, the baby's father, said learning how his baby was born and his girlfriend died “tore me apart.” Greywind's mother, Norberta Lafontaine-Greywind, fought back tears, but said she was satisfied with the sentence — the toughest Crews could have received.
Prosecutors said the two women argued, and Greywind was pushed and briefly knocked out before Crews began cutting her. Greywind eventually bled to death, they said.
East Central District Judge Frank Racek cited the predatory and cruel nature of the crime in handing down the maximum sentence.
Crews, wearing orange prison clothing and cuffed at the wrists, cried as she read a statement of apology. She said she wished she could take the family's pain.
“There is no excuse. There is no rationalization. There is nothing,” she said. Later, she showed no emotion as the judge passed sentence.
Crews' boyfriend, William Hoehn, faces a May trial in the case. He has pleaded not guilty. Prosecutors had cited his pending trial in withholding public details of Greywind's death earlier.
Prosecutors asked for a sentence of life in prison with no parole. Defense attorney Steven Mottinger had asked for less, pointing out Crews admitted guilt without any promise of leniency.
“Acceptance of responsibility is important,” Mottinger said in court. “It has to mean something.”
Greywind was eight months pregnant when she disappeared in August, sparking extensive searches. Kayakers found her body wrapped in plastic in a river. The baby was found alive in the apartment Crews shared with Hoehn.
Norberta LaFontaine-Greywind, one of four family members to give statements during sentencing, said that what Crews did was “beyond evil,” and said she was suffering horrific nightmares. Her husband, Joe Greywind, said the family is trying to heal, “but we find it nearly impossible.”
Fargo Police Chief Dave Todd earlier called Greywind's death a “cruel and vicious act of depravity.”
Crews initially claimed that Greywind gave up her newborn daughter, but she later admitted taking advantage of the woman to get the child, according to court documents.
Hoehn told police he came home on Aug. 19 to find Crews cleaning up blood in their bathroom. Hoehn said Crews presented him with an infant girl and said: “This is our baby. This is our family.” Hoehn told police he took garbage bags containing bloody shoes and his bloody towels and disposed them away from the apartment complex.
A bill in Congress aimed at protecting Native American women and girls from violence, abduction and human trafficking is named for Greywind. Savanna's Act, introduced by Democratic Sen. Heidi Heitkamp would improve tribal access to certain federal crime information databases and create standardized protocols for responding to cases of missing and murdered Native Americans.
It also would require an annual report that would include statistics on missing and murdered Native American women.
“You would never wish this suffering on anybody, on anybody's family, on anybody's sister or daughter or mother,” said Gloria Allred, attorney for the Greywind family. “But the only good that will come out of it ... is more attention to change on this issue for other Native American women in the future.”
Copyright 2018 by WPLG Local10.com - All rights reserved.
Get What's On updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Mother's Day is a special day to remember and a treasured opportunity to say thanks to your mum for everything she does for you every day of the year.
Or of course your mom, which is the traditional spelling if you live in Birmingham or in the Black Country.
It's one of those dates that's not fixed and changes each year so it can easily be forgotten.
So if you want to plan something special for your mum this year then this is the date you need to pop in your diary.
This year Mother's Day will fall on Sunday, March 26.
(Photo: Getty Images/iStockphoto)
The History of Mother's Day
Did you know the original UK event once had nothing to do with our mums at all?
In the UK, we have had Mothering Sunday since the 16th century.
It fell on the fourth Sunday in Lent and had originally been in honour of the Saint John Climacus.
Simnel cake - a light fruit cake decorated with 12 marzipan balls to represent Jesus and the apostles (with the exception of Judas) - was made for the day as a break from the fasting of Lent.
On Mothering Sunday, people returned to their mother church - the main church or cathedral in the area. In addition, it's said that the services often focused on Mary, the mother of Jesus.
Household servants were also given the day off to attend the service with their family.
However, this religious tradition had started to fade away by the early 20th century.
And then, during the Second World War, when American and British troops lived and fought alongside each other, the UK's Mothering Sunday and the USA's Mother's Day began to blend into one event.
The US version was very different. It was started by a prominent churchgoer called Anna Jarvis, who came up with the idea at a Sunday school lesson in 1876 and held the first one as a memorial ceremony for her late mother in 1908.
She trademarked the phrase Mother's Day in 1912 and then campaigned to make this an officially recognised annual event. It was declared a national holiday in 1914 by President Woodrow Wilson and is held on the second Sunday in May every year.
She was not happy, however, with the commercialisation of the event into a way of selling chocolates, cards and flowers.
Although the UK has adopted America's emphasis on the celebration of mothers and the name of the occasion, it has kept the date of the old Mothering Sunday.
It is held on a different day in America, so don't get the two mixed up.
America's Mothering Sunday in 2017 will be held on Sunday, May 14.
There are different dates in other countries, right through the year from the first Sunday of February in Kosovo to December 22 in Indonesia.
The Santa Maria Valley is invited on Saturday to chow down on barbecue fare, listen to music and enjoy a car show to support Ernest Righetti High School's magazine The Legend.
The fundraiser will start at noon and wrap up about 3 p.m. on the ERHS campus, 941 E. Foster Road.
The publication is put together by more than 20 students, and they expect to complete six or seven issues next fall.
Teacher Robert Garcia said he isn't sure how much money will be raised, but every penny will help keep the publication alive.
“The magazine class is a valuable experience for our young people because it teaches them group work and its importance,'' Garcia said. “It teaches them that the real world is about deadlines and being able to work with others. You don't get much done if you are not able to corroborate and cooperate.'‘
The publication features a selection of photographs, sports coverage and even personal perspectives from foreign exchange students. The magazine is a chronicle school activities and is available in print and online. The students' news gathering efforts have sparked many conversations about way young people dance, parent relationships, having a closed campus and bullying.
— Kenny Klein represents the Santa Maria Joint Union High School District.
AUSTIN, Texas (AP) — The right-wing radio host and conspiracy theorist Alex Jones is a performance artist whose true personality is nothing like his on-air persona, according to a lawyer defending the “Infowars” broadcaster in a child custody battle.
Attorney Randall Wilhite said at a pretrial hearing in Austin last week that evaluating Jones based on his on-air comments is like judging Jack Nicholson based on his role as the Joker in “Batman.”
But Kelly Jones described her ex-husband as “not a stable person,” according to the Austin American-Statesman. She said he is threatening toward others, noting homophobic comments he's made about Democratic U.S. Rep. Adam Schiff and a challenge to fight actor Alec Baldwin. He broadcasts from home, she said, and that exposes their children to his incendiary behavior.
Jury selection in the case began Monday and Kelly Jones is seeking sole or joint custody of the children, ages 14, 12 and 9.
Alex Jones began on public access television in Austin and his “Infowars” programming on radio, YouTube and other platforms draws millions of listeners
Infowars.com, for instance, had 7.6 million global unique visitors from March 16 to April 14, according to Quantcast, which measures web audiences. Quantcast ranked Infowars.com 387th among all U.S. websites, not far behind Texas.gov, MLB.com and PBS.org.
Infowars.com has alleged that the Newtown, Connecticut, school shooting was a hoax and that the Sept. 11, 2001, terror attacks involved the federal government.
The Alex Jones YouTube channel has more than 2 million subscribers and more than 1.2 billion video views.
He drew praise from Donald Trump when Trump was a candidate for the White House, telling Jones in December 2015: “Your reputation is amazing. I will not let you down.”
But the judge overseeing the custody case, state District Judge Orlinda Naranjo, told lawyers last week that the focus of the trial must be on the Jones children.
“This case is not about ‘Infowars' and I don't want it to be about ‘Infowars,'” she said.
Jones pays $43,000 a month to Kelly Jones, whom he divorced in 2015, the newspaper reported.apim
A young Kiwi researcher is unravelling what could prove a crucial link between insulin and the most common form of dementia.
Alzheimer's disease is projected to affect 70,000 Kiwis by 2031 - yet present treatments don't do enough to slow the progression of the debilitating disease.
For decades, neuroscientists have been gathering evidence from the brains of patients to try to understand the disease, and there are today several well-supported theories.
While it's sometimes unclear how these theories fit together, all could partly explain what causes the massive brain cell death seen in the disease.
Advertisement
A project by University of Auckland researcher Catherine Webb focused on a relatively recent theory called the "insulin dysregulation hypothesis".
"Most people have heard of the hormone insulin because of its involvement in diabetes, but it is also very important in promoting the survival and function of neurons," she said.
"Certain clues, such as the fact that diabetic patients are more likely to develop Alzheimers disease, and the fact that insulin improves the memory of experimental animals with it, show that insulin is somehow involved in the disease."
Therefore, she said, the insulin receptor could offer an interesting drug target.
Her Science Scholar research project, supervised by Auckland University brain researchers Associate Professor Maurice Curtis and Dr Helen Murray, searched for insulin receptors in the hippocampus, the sea-horse shaped part of the brain that forms new memories and which is most damaged in dementia.
"This is important because the location of receptors says a lot about their function," she said.
This image shows part of the hippocampus of a normal brain at 1000x magnification. The blue is DNA and the red speckles are presumably insulin receptors. Image / Supplied
"In what part of the brain, on what cell type, and where in the cell a receptor is located; all of these influences the function of the receptor and how a drug could be used to target it."
Using samples from recently-deceased donors to the New Zealand Neurological Foundation Douglas Human Brain Bank, Webb compared the hippocampus of normal brains and those affected by Alzheimer's.
"Very thin slices from these blocks were stained by joining fluorescently coloured molecules to the proteins we are interested in with animal antibodies," she said.
"When we look at these sections under a microscope, the proteins we stained for appear in bright colours against a dark background."
"We stained for insulin receptors, cell nuclei - so we knew where the cells were - and a protein that is only found in a certain type of neuron, so we knew what kind of brain cells we were looking at.
"In this way we could see where and how much the insulin receptor is expressed in the hippocampus, and whether the location or amount changes with Alzheimer's."
The biggest challenge was that the insulin receptor antibody had never been used on brain tissue before.
That meant Webb and her colleagues had to work out the optimal conditions for getting the antibody to bind.
"There were a lot of things to test here, including pH, temperature, concentration, and whether to break up the tissue with enzymes or not, so this optimisation process took up most of my project."
Ultimately, her work helped fill what could be an important gap in understanding how the disease works - and how to beat it.
"A lot of evidence shows that insulin has effects on brain cells which may be related to Alzheimer's disease, but no-one has previously characterised the location of insulin receptors in post-mortem brain tissue," she said.
"In the long term, this kind of work is needed to know whether it is worth making a drug to target the insulin receptor in some way to treat Alzheimer's disease."
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A super slimmer from Walsall is lapping up the compliments having lost an astonishing ELEVEN stone.
Danni Richardson, 32, a full time mum from Willenhall, looks a completely new woman and she feels it too after dropping all the way from a size 30 to a size 10, having weighed 24 stone at her highest.
The mother-of-three started to lose weight in a bid to improve her health prior to the birth of her third child but “lost her way” after she fell pregnant.
Then when little Alfie was born she picked it back up again with the help of the Short Heath Slimming World group. And she has now been named as Slimming World's woman of the year.
“I still can't believe it. My family and partner are amazed and give me lots of compliments which I'm still not used to,” beamed Danni.
“It has improved my health massively.”
Danni, mum to Shannon, eight, Lucas, six, and Alfie two, is now just one stone off the target weight that she wants to be having gone to the class at Short Heath Methodist Church every Monday morning since she joined back in September 2015.
She recalled: “I had lost some weight then I had my youngest child. He is two now but he had been really poorly ever since his birth.
“I knew after that that I had to get back on the path to getting healthy and I also have two other children who needed me so I joined Elaine Towsey's Slimming World group. I have tried going it alone in the past and it doesn't really work for me. That's why I went to Elaine's group.
“I lost 7 stone 5lb with her support and I'm a stone from my target weight now. Altogether I have lost 11 stone. I was a size 30 now I am down to a ten.”
So just how did Danni do it?
“Don't put too much pressure on yourself. It takes time; it won't just fall off,” she revealed when asked what her secret was and what her advice would be to others in a similar situation.
“You will have slip ups along the way but just pick yourself up and carry on. If you want it badly enough: you can do it.
“I started to notice a difference with my weight almost straight away because before I had Alfie I was following the plan. I just lost my way once I got pregnant.
“The only thing I don't really touch is pizza. I can still have it but it's easier and cheaper to make my own and it's healthier too. I still love my chocolate and I can still enjoy that. I enjoy cooking things from scratch now and making sure there are plenty of vegetables and fruit in my meals.
“Slimming World helped a lot; there is a fantastic group of people there and exercise wise I walk everywhere and chase after my three children if that counts!”
JACKSONVILLE, Fla. (WTLV) – A Florida teen who survived a shark bite at Jacksonville's Hanna Park says he plans to surf again.
“It hasn't really kicked in,” Keanan Perry, 17, said.
“I still just wake up and I just feel injured, you know? I'm not like, ‘oh I got bit by a shark,' just like ‘my foot's hurt.' That's all I think.”
Perry said he was surfing and caught a wave all the way in to shore Friday and landed in a sandbar. As soon as his toes hit the sand, he felt something clamp down on his foot and ankle.
He never saw the shark and didn't realize what happened until he pulled his foot out of the water.
“You can like to see the rows of teeth on the very bottom. You can see it's like nice, clean rows,” Perry said.
Keep checking WDTN.com for the latest news, weather and sports. To get alerts for breaking news, grab the FREE WDTN News App for iPhone or Android. You can also sign up for email alerts here.
Don't miss another post on Facebook or Twitter for all the latest breaking news
Gianfranco Zola's miserable reign as Birmingham boss came to an end after the Blues slumped into the bottom five of the Sky Bet Championship following a home defeat to Burton.
Zola resigned immediately after the 2-0 loss at St Andrew's which saw Birmingham fall to within three points of the drop zone, while opponents Burton eased their own relegation fears.
The visitors completed the season double over Birmingham thanks to goals in either half from Lloyd Dyer and Lucas Akins.
Burton's second goal prompted an immediate chant of “we want Zola out” from the disgruntled home fans, and they got their wish soon after full-time with the Italian handing in his notice.
Birmingham had picked up just four points from a possible 27 under the Italian and Monday's display was another poor, disjointed and dejected performance from a demoralised Blues side who slipped ever closer to relegation.
It could have been different, though, if home striker Lukas Jutkiewicz had not missed an open goal in only the fourth minute.
Burton goalkeeper Jon McLaughlin came racing out in an attempt to punch the ball clear only to fail in his objective. The ball fell to Jutkiewicz who, with the goal at his mercy, screwed his shot wide.
The visitors, making their first ever visit to St Andrew's, responded with a chance of their own and it was only a timely intervention by Ryan Shotton which prevented Dyer hitting the target.
Burton lost McLaughlin in the 29th minute when he was injured after David Davis fell on top of him, with Stephen Bywater taking his place.
That injury was a setback for the Brewers but within seven minutes they were celebrating after capitalising on some poor play in midfield to break through and score.
Goalkeeper Tomasz Kuszczak bravely blocked Luke Varney's shot only for the much-travelled Dyer — who had a loan spell with Birmingham two years ago — to convert the rebound from close range.
To add injury to insult Kuszczak picked up a knock in that incident and failed to reappear for the second half.
His spot was taken by Adam Legzdins, who had only been on the pitch for seven minutes when Burton made it 2-0.
The visitors dominated play at the start of the second half and were rewarded when, following a corner on the right, Akins scored on the turn from inside the six-yard box.
That prompted the Birmingham fans to vent their anger, but the result could have been even more chastening in the end as Varney hit the post late on for Burton, who claimed their first win in four matches.
For Birmingham, the result leaves them worryingly close to the bottom three and with only three matches for Zola's replacement to turn things round — starting with Sunday's trip to Aston Villa.
By Kelechukwu Iruoma
The Executive Director of Youngstars Development Initiative, Mr. Kingsley Bangwell, has urged African youths to participate and support the elected representatives and government institutions to hold public servants accountable, sustain the efficiency of governments and enhance citizens-government collaboration in Africa.
The Executive Director of Youngstars Development Initiative said this at the last day of a 10-day Canvassity Pan African Youth Democracy 2018 Fellowship in Lagos.
In his words, “The fellowship is to increase youth capacity to effectively enable them advocate for accountability, efficiency and good governance in their local communities, states and countries. What we want young people to take away from the project is that we can't just seat back and say government is not working.
“We need to engage the systems, visit government agencies and the local government at the state and federal levels, and find out what those agencies and institutions are doing, look for gaps and support in terms of ideas and support.”
The fellowship held in collaboration with the National Endowment for Democracy, NED, Washington, and attended by youths from 17 African countries, including Nigeria, enabled fellows to create and implement their projects for six months that will support the government to increase good governance.
Bangwell “We want to inculcate leadership skills in our youths in order to identify problems in public services, create solutions and implement the projects. We hope that these youths will get into different leadership positions and assist in the democratization of their governance.”
New construction boasting a sophisticated design with eco-friendly materials also blends into its hillside location and maximizes the Mount Diablo views.
Located in Lafayette's coveted Hidden Valley neighborhood, this home is a collaboration of local talent including second-generation builder Jeff Stone of Lafayette's Diamond Construction, Lafayette residential home designer Steven Kubitschek, Lafayette interior designer Leslie Kalish and East Bay landscape architect David Thorne.
The home is located at 115 Wilderness Lane and features 4,351 square feet of living space on a .60-acre property.
Dramatic coffered and vaulted ceilings add volume to the light-filled open floor plan. Walls of La Cantina four-paneled sliding doors glide open, creating a seamless flow from the great room to the expansive Ipe decks and Bluestone patios. There are four bedrooms including a master suite on its own private level, three-and-a-half bathrooms, an executive office or fifth bedroom, formal dining room, bonus/playroom, and beautifully appointed chef's kitchen with adjacent dining nook.
The home is designed with white oak random plank flooring, three layers of crown molding, smooth wall finish, Andersen E-Series windows, a Lutron lighting system prewired for audiovisual and speakers, and tongue and groove vaulted ceilings.
The paver driveway, red cedar shingle exterior and limestone entry porch create a gorgeous first impression to this home that sits on a property dotted with majestic oak trees.
The entry features a soaring 12.5-foot tongue and groove ceiling. To the left of the entry is the dedicated office that has wonderful hillside views and private access to the deck. To the right of the entry is the elegant formal dining room with crown molding and view windows.
La Cantina 16-by-10-foot four-panel glass sliders on two walls of the great room extend the living space out onto a more than 550-square-foot Ipe grooved deck with hidden fasteners and expansive Bluestone patios. The room also features a custom gas fireplace. The room is open to the spectacular chef's kitchen featuring a white quartzite island, black soapstone perimeter counters, custom soft-close cabinetry and decorative backsplashes featuring elongated subway style ceramic tile, and an Ann Sacks concrete tile.
The kitchen is well appointed with a stainless basin sink, 48-inch Wolf gas range with custom stainless hood, 48-inch side-by-side SubZero refrigerator with cabinet facing, Wolf oven and microwave, and Miele dishwasher. The nearby butler's pantry also has a Sub-Zero wine refrigerator.
The master bedroom retreat is on its own private level and features a coffered ceiling, sliding French door to a private balcony with Bluestone pavers, and two walk-in closets. Glass pocket doors open to the master bathroom featuring radiant-heated and honed-limestone floors, dual-sink vanity with polished quartz counters, frameless Starphire glass steam shower with hidden hinges, freestanding bathtub, porcelain tile wainscot detailing, and maple cabinetry.
An open landing at the top of the stairs is wonderful flexible space with a vaulted ceiling. A bonus/playroom is also filled with natural light and features a sliding glass door to a patio. A guest en suite bedroom and two additional bedrooms are also upstairs. There is wool carpeting on the upper floor.
The bathrooms are stylishly outfitted with Caesarstone and quartzite counters, porcelain and limestone tile flooring, Kohler and Waterworks sinks, and Hansgrohe fixtures.
Additional features include TruStile solid core interior doors with Emtek hardware, operable skylight, 75-gallon commercial grade and high efficient water heater with recirculating pumps, alarm system including prewired in eight locations for security cameras, two programmable furnaces and air conditioners, mudroom with built-in cabinetry, and a three-car garage with carriage-style doors. A large laundry room features a Caesarstone concrete counter and backsplash, cabinetry and utility sink.
Hidden Valley is tucked in the hillsides off Acalanes Road. Its ideal location is just moments from the downtown Lafayette and Orinda shopping districts, BART stations, Highway 24, Interstate 680 and is only about 20 miles from downtown San Francisco. It is also easily accessible to the popular Lafayette Reservoir, hiking and biking trails, the Oakwood Athletic Club, and the top-rated schools in the Lafayette and Acalanes School Districts.
Price: $3,699,000
Where: 115 Wilderness Lane, Lafayette
Website: www.115wildernesslane.com
Listing agent: Dana Green 925-339-1918 www.DanaGreenTeam.com Pacific Union
2:51 On the road with the Boise State basketball team Pause
0:51 The day Idaho's Teton Dam broke
0:08 Instant horse racing: What the machine looks like
1:23 Truckstop.com now hiring in Boise
2:24 How Boise police respond to hate crimes
1:39 The aftermath of Idaho's Teton Dam collapse
1:13 This Oroville Dam evacuee brought along a month's worth of food
1:38 Former Boise State TE battling cancer
0:17 Horse rescued from Eagle pool
MEDIA RELEASE
The Hawaii Department of Transportation (HDOT) announces the following traffic modifications in the Hawaiian Paradise Park neighborhood this weekend as part of the ongoing Keaau-Pahoa Road Shoulder Lane Conversion, Phase 2.
SATURDAY, OCT. 7, 6 A.M. TO 6 P.M.
Shower Drive from Keaau-Pahoa Road (Highway 130) to 28th Avenue will be closed to thru traffic.
Lane shifts on Keaau-Pahoa Road (Highway 130) in both directions in the vicinity of the Shower Drive/Pohaku Drive intersection.
SUNDAY, OCT. 8, 6 A.M. TO 6 P.M.
Pohaku Drive from Keaau-Pahoa Road (Highway 130) to Pohaku Circle will be closed to thru traffic.
Lane shifts on Keaau-Pahoa Road (Highway 130) in both directions in the vicinity of the Shower Drive/Pohaku Drive intersection.
Hawaii County has been notified and emergency vehicles will use alternate routes, if necessary, as the work involves milling of the existing roadway and fill with hot mix asphalt.
Use of the hot mix asphalt and extended weekend work hours will allow HDOT to complete the necessary paving in this area in one weekend versus over the course of a week.
Electronic message boards notifying the public of this weekend's work will be posted in the area of the planned closures.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
Pinterest
Reddit
Google
Tumblr
More
Print
LinkedIn
Pocket
Email
FCD may have gotten an administrative win Friday. MLS announced it had fined the team $75,000 in allocation money and $25,000 for inserting Michael Barrios into last Saturday's draw with Orlando City. Barrios had been on the initial starting lineup but was taken off, meaning he shouldn't have been allowed to enter as a substitute.
"I think it's actually helping us because we know every game actually means a little bit more at this point in the season," defender Atiba Harris said. "We're in playoff mode at the moment, so hopefully it helps and we can continue to win down the stretch."
Heading into Saturday's trip to Colorado, though, FCD is embracing the pressure as a positive rather than worrying about the magnitude of the task ahead.
With the season drawing to a close and FC Dallas sitting outside the playoff places, there's no doubt the pressure is on.
The league could have forced FCD to forfeit the game, but instead the playoff picture stays the same. This weekend's game is a key piece toward making the postseason. FCD has played one match fewer than a pair of its rivals for the final playoff spot in the Western Conference and can jump back into the playoff picture with a win over the Rapids.
FCD snapped a 10-match winless streak last week with a victory over the last-place Rapids and now will look to pick up three more points against the same side. This time, though, the added element of a road trip comes into play. FCD brings a 3-7-5 road record to Dick's Sporting Goods Park.
Attacker Tesho Akindele says picking up four points over last week has lifted the club.
"I think everybody's in a little bit better place mentally now, and that will help us relax and play our game," he said. "Sometimes we were going on the road and maybe overthinking it a bit; maybe the other teams were the ones dictating how the games went. But now that we have a little bit more confidence I think we'll be able to dictate the play and kind of impose ourselves on the game."
The team has done that in the last two matches by utilizing Javi Morales in the midfield in place of the injured Kellyn Acosta. With Acosta on national team duty, 37-year-old Morales may get his third consecutive start against the Rapids and likely will look to start attacking plays from deep in addition to shielding the back line from Colorado attacks.
Veterans like Morales and younger players alike understand there's little margin for error, Oscar Pareja said, but the head coach likes what he's seen from his players after two good results last week.
"I think we have been in this scenario for the last few games. What happens is the window gets shorter," Pareja said. "The urgency is there, and we all know. Fortunately for the players, I think the last week has been very positive for them. I think the behavior on the field has been very good and the boys have to be optimistic."
Before singing God Bless America at the Tampa Yankees' game against the St. Lucie Mets, 27-year-old Jillian Joyce had a request.
Joyce, who has cerebral palsy, asked St. Lucie's Tim Tebow to stand with her according to the Tampa Bay Times.
Of course, Tebow did.
Moment of the night: fan w/ cerebral palsy sings God Bless America and asked Tebow to join her. This is what it's all about pic.twitter.com/ylkcjifWec — Jason Woodell (@JasonAtTheGame) August 13, 2017
More from the Tampa Bay Times:
LAUDERHILL, Fla. - A North Lauderdale Fire Rescue truck was involved in a serious crash Friday afternoon in Lauderhill, authorities said.
The crash was reported shortly after 3 p.m. in the area of Northwest 16th Street and State Road 7.
Authorities said the firetruck was transporting a high-priority pediatric patient to the hospital when the crash occurred.
A man, who identified himself as a AAA employee, told Local 10 News reporter Michael Seiden that he was towing a vehicle down State Road 7 and saw the firetruck in the distance through his rear-view mirror.
He said he merged into the right lane to allow the firetruck to pass, but his vehicle was struck from behind by the firetruck.
Authorities said the child and an adult were taken to Plantation Hospital after the crash.
Two firefighters were taken to Florida Medical Center to be treated for minor injuries. Two other firefighters who were in the truck were not injured, authorities said.
The child is listed in critical condition.
Watch Local 10 News or refresh this page for updates.
Copyright 2018 by WPLG Local10.com - All rights reserved.
What does it mean to be an empowered marketer?
Let's start with the definition of empowerment. The Oxford English Dictionary tells us it is "The process of becoming stronger and more confident, especially in controlling one's life and claiming one's rights."
So what does the word mean when applied to B2C marketers?
Marketers today have a million demands on their time. During a typical day, you might send out a few personalized emails, run A/B tests to drive conversions on your e-commerce website, publish some beautiful targeted ads on Instagram, and then analyze the ROI across all your marketing campaigns.
And that's just in one day! It's no wonder B2C marketers are feeling the pressure to continually perform.
That is exactly why marketers need to become empowered—so they can access customer data directly, easily execute complex marketing campaigns, and dive into detailed analytics to prove the value of their work. Empowered marketers work independently and efficiently, and still have enough time to spend on creative endeavors.
Sound fantastic? It is.
Here's how you can strive to become a truly empowered marketer.
Better understand your customers
You must fully understand your B2C buyer if you want to become an empowered marketer. Unfortunately, doing so is harder than ever because most consumers take a meandering and complex path to purchase. For example, your typical buyer might...
Start browsing your site anonymously on his phone
"Like" one of your targeted ads on Instagram
Return to your website on his home computer
Enter his email address into a popup to get a coupon code
Finally decide to buy
That multistep, multichannel, and multidevice buyer's journey is standard in a B2C purchase today.
Unfortunately, however, because of the proliferation of channels and devices, most marketers would have a tough time identifying the individual buyer. Today, your customer data is probably stored on disparate platforms, such as those for email marketing, e-commerce, social media advertising, and customer service.
That's exactly why marketers need a single view of the customer, with all the relevant data unified in one place. Top brands can understand their buyers as they move through the purchase process by pulling all of this data into a B2C CRM.
By unifying all the different sources of information about your customers, you can quickly see and understand their favorite products, the communication channels they use most often, their purchase frequencies, and much more. Then you can start to use that data to better serve their needs and tailor your marketing to their preferences.
Automate to regain your time
Time is also vital to becoming empowered. If you don't have enough time to focus on your role, you'll never get anywhere. That's why it's so important to automate many of your core marketing campaigns. Smart, empowered marketers understand that automation can save time and effort, allowing them to get away from the manual, annoying part of marketing and, instead, focus on the important, creative work that can drive revenue.
Dynamic segmentation, for example, can help you customize your campaigns automatically. Instead of manually exporting custom segments each time you want to deploy a new campaign to your buyers, segments automatically update in real-time, as customers take action on your site.
Lifecycle marketing can also be improved with automation. Instead of manually batching welcome emails to each new buyer, you can create a dynamic segment for new customers that automatically sends the same email. Your message is automatically triggered each time a customer carries out a certain action or reaches a certain point in the buyer's journey.
With many of your core marketing campaigns automated and driving engagement with buyers, you're freed up to get more creative and try more inventive campaigns to help reach your revenue goals.
Own and access your data
Marketers already know the importance of data, but what about the importance of access to that data? Empowered marketers know not only how to use data effectively but also how to get access to the numbers they need.
Because there is no one-size-fits-all approach to communicating with customers, you always have to test various tactics. That's why you should A/B-test your entire e-commerce brand to learn what your customers want and don't want, as well as why.
With better and easier access to detailed marketing analytics, you can understand which campaigns worked and which didn't, and the data can help you make an educated guess as to why.
Understanding your data is just the beginning. The knowledge you gain from the data will help you take action to improve your messaging strategy. You can discover your top-converting marketing campaigns, which can spark ideas for how to create even better campaigns in the future. You could also learn...
Your customers' favorite products
Your top-performing email campaigns
The best paid-social channels for acquisition
The best channels for customer retention
The pages on your site that best convert buyers
That information enables you to test new ideas for paid ads, email promotions, or copy on your website that may drive better ROI. You need to test, test, and test again so you can reach your customers with the right messages at the right time.
Don't be afraid to get creative
With a better handle on your customer data, automation of your key marketing campaigns, and analytics proving the value of your activities, you can become truly empowered. As a result, you can dedicate more time and brainpower to doing what you're good at: being creative. You can focus on trying out new tactics and working to have a real impact on your bottom line.
With the right tools, marketers can actually do it all. You can collect the data, get creative, test it, and repeat—all without too much manual effort.
Don't be afraid to try new things, experiment with different channels to contact customers, send out new types of campaigns, and much more. With the right data at your fingertips, you can also try innovative ways of acquiring new customers and driving long-term customer retention.
You will always be learning from your past successes and failures, and hopefully you'll be having more fun as you do it!
It's time to stake your claim and become The Empowered Marketer you've always wanted to be.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Six members of a Channel Tunnel people smuggling gang are facing jail after they were caught trying to sneak Albanian nationals into the UK in car boots.
Border Force officials stopped a car at the UK Control Zone in Coquelles, France, on March 12, 2015 and discovered two adults and a child in the boot.
The driver was Lee Anderson, 46, and his passenger was Jason Cowley. They were both arrested at the scene.
On August 2, 2015, a car driven by Gillian Barker, 47, was stopped at the same controls.
Officers found two Albanian men hidden in the boot and Barker was arrested, Canterbury Crown Court heard.
On both occasions, the Albanians found in the cars were handed to the French authorities.
Investigations linked both smuggling attempts to Ilir Hani, 44, Eduart Karaj, 39, and Vullnet Karaj, 41.
Eduart Karaj, of Icknield Port Road, Cowley of Borrowdale Road, Anderson, of Titiana Close and Barker, of Lismore Drive - all in Birmingham - pleaded guilty to conspiring to facilitate the commission of a breach of the UK immigration law by a non EU person.
Hani of Malins Road and Vullnet Karaj, of Great Colmore Street, also Birmingham, were convicted of the same offence after a five-day trial.
They will all be jailed on September 18.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Immigration Enforcement Criminal and Financial Investigation assistant director David Fairclough, said: “It is clear that this gang tried to organise these smuggling attempts to line their own pockets and gave little or no thought to the safety of the people, including a child, crammed into a confined space.
“This was a co-ordinated effort by the gang, but our officers worked tirelessly to sift through the evidence that uncovered their criminal enterprise.
“I hope that this case serves as a warning to anyone else contemplating this kind of criminality. We will catch you and bring you before the courts.”
We're taught from an early age that we should “do unto others.” To help combat terrorism, we are told that if we “see something, say something.” We have respect for those who volunteer their time at churches, hospitals, rural firehouses and neighborhood watch programs.
We can all probably agree it is a good thing to be involved. It is a bad thing to get overly involved.
I hope all volunteers are watching what's happening to George Zimmerman in a Sanford, Fla., courtroom. He's on trial for second-degree murder in the shooting death of a 17-year-old African-American named Trayvon Martin. If convicted, this onetime captain of his neighborhood watch faces 25 years to life in prison. I'm sure in his mind Zimmerman thought of himself as a good Samaritan for helping keep his neighborhood safe.
After a rash of burglaries at his condo complex, Zimmerman — who is a multiracial Hispanic — was automatically on guard last February as he drove to the grocery store. He spotted a young stranger — Trayvon Martin — meandering through the complex with the hood of his sweatshirt up as a shield against the evening's rain. Zimmerman, 29, called in a suspicious person report to police and got out of his vehicle to investigate. The older man had been taking criminal justice courses to advance his goal of becoming a law enforcement officer and almost always carried a registered handgun in a holster on his hip.
We may never learn the whole story of what happened next because only Zimmerman survived that night. Did Zimmerman vengefully pursue Martin? Was it racially motivated, as many seem to think? Or did it happen the way the defendant said — the teenager threw the first punch in a fight that caused the watch captain to fear for his life? A single fatal gunshot left us with only one version of the story.
I know this may be an unpopular position to take, but for the sake of discussion let's say Zimmerman was acting in good faith that night. Just hear me out here. There had been eight robberies at the complex in the prior 15 months. In fact, just three weeks before the fatal shooting, neighbor Frank Taaffe says Zimmerman saved his home from being burglarized.
“My house was being robbed, and George on his nightly rounds watched this burglary in progress, called Sanford P.D., waited for them and helped ensure that nothing bad happened to my house,” Taaffe told CNN.
So, maybe on the night of the shooting Zimmerman was honestly acting as the protector of the complex, a role he had become accustomed to. No one I have run across has dared to publicly mention this possibility. Seems we have become much more suited to immediately condemn, finding a dark, hidden meaning behind these tragic cases — “He was hunting for a black kid!” or, “He's a wanna-be cop strutting around with a gun ready to shoot!” To suggest the tragedy might have stemmed from something much more benign invites complaints from those who see racism or abuse of power in every circumstance.
Could what happened the night of Feb. 26, 2012, in Sanford have been borne of a sad calamity of circumstance? No one is saying Zimmerman set out to murder when he went to the grocery store that night. No one is saying the teenager was out looking for a fight. You can't call the shooting an accident, of course, but might it have been a simple case of two macho males locking eyes — each believing they had to fight for their own honor and safety? A fight that went tragically wrong?
According to witness John Good, who was on his nearby balcony, saw the fight and ran to help even before the gunshot, Zimmerman looked up at him and breathlessly said he thought his life had been in danger. Another neighbor, Jonathan Manalo, was also at the scene almost immediately and took the bloodied photos of Zimmerman we've all seen. He testified that Zimmerman told him, “This guy was beating me up, and so I had to shoot him.” In legal terms such an “excited utterance” carries a lot of weight. What someone says in the heat of the moment is considered important for the jury to hear.
Zimmerman critics scoffed at that testimony claiming that since the watch captain was a student of criminal justice — and had earned A's in class, according to one of his former professors — he instantaneously realized he had to claim self-defense to ward off murder charges. It was all a made-up story, they say, designed by Zimmerman to protect himself.
Who can honestly say what was in the mind of this man — or in the mind of the teenager — after they suddenly confronted each other and were forced to make split-second decisions? But after I heard a medical examiner testify that Martin had bruises on his knuckles consistent with having hit someone, I looked again at the photographs of Zimmerman's bloody face and head. I wondered how badly beaten must someone be before they are allowed to defend themselves by any means available?
The raw emotions that have percolated around this trial serve to underscore that once the flames of a super-emotional story like this are fanned by 24/7 media coverage and so-called “community activists,” it is easy to lose sight of reality. Taking sides in blind haste is a sure-fire way to help truth get lost. Maybe the truth is that there is blame to be laid at the feet of both these men for the fight that broke out that night. One thing is clear — it was a terrible catastrophe for all involved.
— Diane Dimond is the author of Cirque Du Salahi: Be Careful Who You Trust. Contact her at .(JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address) , follow her on Twitter: @DiDimond, or click here to read previous columns. The opinions expressed are her own.
Global Yeast Extract and Beta Glucan Market: Snapshot
The global yeast extract and beta glucan market is envisaged to win over a mega growth on the back of an augmenting employment of cellulosic bio-fuels and want for probiotic functional food. Additionally, on account of surging industrialization, the demand for processed food has soared to new heights. As a result, the market could be motivated for more growth. However, one of the major barriers on the growth path of the market is expected to be the paucity of a mandatory yeast extract raw material, i.e. molasses. Nevertheless, manufacturers are expected to keep their hopes alive with opportunities in the processed food sector for novel solutions and various applications of yeast extract and its derivatives.
According to an expert research analysis, the world yeast extract and beta glucan market could attract a valuation of US$1.05 bn by the concluding forecast year 2021. In 2016, the market had attained a revenue figure of US$0.72 bn. For the forecast period 2015–2021, the CAGR anticipated for the market is 7.6%.
Request For Report Brochure For Latest Industry Insights @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=B&rep_id=1484
Yeast Extract Dominates Beta Glucan with Weighty Demand in Food and Beverage
Amongst the two products available in the global yeast extract and beta glucan market, yeast extract is envisioned to rake in a herculean revenue share of close to 80.0% by 2021. In the starting year of the forecast period, the market share scenario was more or less the same, which depicts the dominance of the yeast extract product type segment.
While yeast extracts may not be used as flavor enhancers, they find extensive usage as ingredients in the food and beverage sector. Functional foods and drinks, baked and frozen products, ready-to-eat meals, snacks, soups, and sauces all use yeast extracts at a significant rate.
Much of the demand for yeast extract could be attributed to its broad scope of applications in various sectors. For instance, depending on the extraction method, it is possible to use yeast extract in the hydrolyzed or autolyzed form with each of them having different applications. In the personal care sector, hydrolyzed yeast extract is utilized in the production of hair conditioning and anti-static products. It is also used a flavoring agent in recipes. Autolyzed yeast extract, on the other hand, could be engaged as an inexpensive alternative to monosodium glutamate (MSG).
Obtain Report Details @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/pressrelease/yeasts-products-market.htm
Riding on primary contributors such as Thailand, Japan, South Korea, India, and China, Asia Pacific is prophesied to make the cut in the international yeast extract and beta glucan market alongside North America. Both the regional markets could secure as good as a 50.0% share by the end of the forecast period. Europe is prognosticated to be crowned as a single leading market shareholder throughout the forecast years. The demand in these regions could be due to the use of yeast extract and beta glucan in the preparation of dairy products, alcoholic beverages, and medicines. There is a rising demand predicted to take precedence in the baking and brewing sector.
An interesting part pointed out by this geographical analysis is the trend of Europe and Rest of the World losing their shares to the promisingly growing markets of Asia Pacific and North America by 2021. By application, the bakery and processed food segment is projected to be valued at a higher revenue in Asia Pacific. Preference for convenience food products, swelling population size, changing food habits, and elevating disposable income are some of the factors influencing the growth of Asia Pacific.
The market research highlights fundamental frameworks on Global Acciughe Pasta Sauce Market gives the exhaustive affiliation between past and current market trends to predict future market values and tendencies of the market. The report is a well-defined and in-depth research of market along with the market status, growth rate, and trends. The market report comprises historical, current, and projected revenues for each sector, segment, end-user segment, and region. The key manufactures/business entities covered in the report Ca' de la Pasina, Zarotti, Villa Reale, Artigiana funghi.
The report begins with introducing the global Acciughe Pasta Sauce market and segmentation analysis such as depend on the most significant dynamics containing drivers of the market, constraints, risks, opportunities, current trending factors, PEST and PROTER'S Five Forces survey, applications, topographical region markets, and competitive landscape. Macroeconomic and microeconomic features that currently overcome and also those that are witnessed to appear are involved in Acciughe Pasta Sauce report. The research analysts working on the report have strongly analyzed expected changes in policy, industry news and expansions, and opportunities and trends – this information can be utilized by companies to extend their market existence.
Request for Sample Report @ https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-acciughe-pasta-sauce-market/5920/#requestforsample
The report is actually made up of a combination of the important and the pertinent info of the worldwide market, for instance, key things responsible for the variation of demand with its services and products. The report states pioneering new developments and technological advancement, which empower our customers to structure they are long-term primarily based on innovative developments; settle on informative businesses options and also to perform the necessary fundamentals. The report provides the main region, market conditions with the product price, profit, capacity, production, supply, demand, and market growth rate and forecast etc. This report also Present new project SWOT analysis, investment feasibility analysis, and investment return analysis.
Geographically, this report is portioned into a few key Regions, with generation, utilization, income (million USD), piece of the pie and development rate in these areas, from 2018 to 2025 (gauge), covering United States, China, Europe, Japan, Southeast Asia, India and Rest of World.
Acciughe Pasta Sauce Market Analysis by Product Type Segmentation: Anchovy With Green Sauce, Anchovy With Tomato Sauce, Others.
Acciughe Pasta Sauce Market Analysis by Application Segmentation: Restaurants, Hotels, Enterprises, Institutions, Others.
Key points in the Acciughe Pasta Sauce Market Report:
1) To gain insightful analyses of the Market and have a comprehensive understanding of the global market and its commercial landscape
2) Assess the production processes, major issues, and solutions.
3) Market strategies that are being adopted by leading respective organizations
4) The report gives specific analysis for rapidly changing dynamics of Industry.
5) To understand the future outlook and prospects for the market with Marketing & Price (Price and Margin, Factors of Price Change, Manufacturers Gross Margin Analysis).
Inquiry for Buying Report @ https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-acciughe-pasta-sauce-market/5920/#inquiry
From all of this Acciughe Pasta Sauce market information, the report serves guidance and strategies to the following Acciughe Pasta Sauce market players: New players, stakeholders, marketing unit, administrative authorities and Acciughe Pasta Sauce distributors/manufacturers. The market research analysis has been structured using vital data from industry expertize. Further, the comprehensive primary and secondary research information with which the report has been prepared helps provide the key statistic forecasts data, in both terms revenue and volume. In addition to this, the analysis of the latest trends and current revenue of the region-wise market in comparison to the market has been included in this report. This will provide a clear view of the readers that how the market will progress globally over the forecast period 2018-2023.
About Us
Index Markets Research conduct market research and publish reports. You can find more than 35,000 research reports in our web store, which covers global industry and the regional markets. All the worldwide marketing data you need is at your fingertips.
Contact Us
Mark Irwin
Sales Manager
Email Id: sales@indexmarketsresearch.com
Phone: +1 202 888 3519
Web: https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/
The Corinthian spirit is clearly very much alive in Irish amateur golf after two accountants, a part-time post office worker and a dairy farmer battled their way in today's semi-finals of the Radisson Blu-sponsored West of Ireland Amateur Open Championship at County Sligo.
Rosses Point was at its picture-postcard best on a sun-splashed day and with only a mild north wind to trouble the players. The 16 survivors were whittled down to four men, who are bidding to make their own little bit of history today.
Sligo hopes are now pinned on Royal Dublin's Barry Anderson, a 26-year-old accountant who was a member of the home club until this year.
Eased the pressure
Born and bred in Rosses Point, Anderson can become the first “home” winner of the West since Cecil Ewing in 1950, and, after overcoming Co Sligo's David Brady by one hole in a fratricidal quarter-final, he believes that working full-time has eased the pressure and he can now go on to lift the trophy every Sligo man dreams of winning.
Now that I am no longer playing full-time golf, I have never been as a relaxed coming into the West
“I lost on the 18th to Rory McNamara in the quarters in 2010 and on the 19th to Paul Cutler when he won in 2011,” said Anderson, who was pegged back to all square after Brady's gutsy par on the 17th, only to see his opponent overshoot the 18th and fail to get up and down.
“Now that I am no longer playing full-time golf, I have never been as a relaxed coming into the West and don't get upset by the bad shots as I did before.
“Staying relaxed has worked so far and while it's only natural to think about winning, there are only four of us left now and someone had to win it. It might as well be me.”
Tough semi-final
Anderson faces a tough semi-final match against 21-year-old Newlands talent Jake Whelan, who showed his pedigree by reaching the semi-finals of the Irish Amateur Close at Ballyliffin last year.
A big hitter with a silent assassin's demeanour, the tall and willowy Dubliner beat Royal Dublin's Hugh Foley 2 and 1 in the morning before crushing the dream of Rosses Point native Gary McDermott 4 and 2 in the afternoon.
The Dubliner worked nights in the post office over the winter to fund his summer season, and his win in last year's youths' Order of Merit was a testament to his consistency.
In the top half of the draw, 20-year-old dairy farmer William Small birdied the 18th from two feet to beat Naas's Robert Brazill by one hole and set up a semi-final clash with Portmarnock's Jack Pierse.
Straight hitting style
A 26-year-old accountant with a straight hitting style and a silken putting touch, Pierse has the talent to follow in the footsteps of his uncle Arthur Pierse, a two-time West of Ireland winner, as he showed when winning the World Club Championship for Portmarnock alongside Geoff Lenehan last year.
Some of the guys who play full-time are under a lot of pressure to hit good shots all the time
Like Anderson, he is a part-time golfer whose relaxed attitude to the game eases the pressure on his shoulders; his relentless ball-striking and uncanny putting will be a handful for Small, who is playing in his first West of Ireland Championship.
“Some of the guys who play full-time are under a lot of pressure to hit good shots all the time, but if I hit a bad one it doesn't upset me too much because I am not out there every day whacking balls in the cold,” Pierse said with his trademark grin after making one birdie and one bogey in a 2 and 1 win over Dundalk's Caolan Rafferty in the afternoon.
“My uncle Arthur's name is on the trophy twice so it's a big name to live up to – but I will give it a go.”
Nip-and-tuck battle
As for Small, the flame-haired Ulsterman won a nip-and-tuck battle with Brazill with a clutch birdie at the 18th and now hopes to follow in the footsteps of Stuart Paul, who won the West playing out of Tandragee in 2002.
Happy to have an early start to play Pierse and not milk cows, he smiled and said: “My dad James is here with me so my uncle is looking after the cows this week. It would be class to win this. I'm playing well so let's just see where it goes.”
Third Round: R Brazill (Naas) bt R Abernethy (Dún Laoghaire) 2 holes; W Small (Tandragee) bt D Reddan Jnr (Nenagh) 5/4; C Rafferty (Dundalk) bt C Woodroofe (Dún Laoghaire) 2 holes; J Pierse (Portmarnock) bt S Healy (The Royal Dublin) 1 hole; J Whelan (Newlands) bt H Foley (The Royal Dublin) 2/1; G McDermott (Carton House) bt R Cannon (Balbriggan) 3/2; B Anderson (The Royal Dublin) bt J Hood (Galgorm Castle) 1 hole; D Brady (Co Sligo) bt E Murphy (Dundalk) 6/4.
Quarter-finals: Small bt Brazill 1 hole; Pierse bt Rafferty 2/1; Whelan bt McDermott 4/2; Anderson bt Brady 1 hole.
Semi-finals: (08:00) W Small (Tandragee) v J Pierse (Portmarnock); (08:15) J Whelan (Newlands) v B Anderson (The Royal Dublin). (13:30) Final.
If you are fond of women from the Far East, you would know how exotic the women from this region are. Exotic is one word to describe the feature of the women who hail from countries like Japan, Korea, China, Hong Kong and Taiwan. London being a melting pot of humans from all over the world, there are a lot of Asian women that you find here. And some of the finest looking of these women work as London Asian escorts. A high-class Asian escort London can be your ideal companion in the city of London.
The best London Asian escorts can service you anywhere you want and wherever you want. If you want to keep your liaison with an escort discrete, that can be arranged easily. You can either visit the lady at her place or at a place that you are comfortable with. It may also happen that you want the arrangement at your place of accommodation and this can be arranged as well. You can rest assured that the lady you hire will not look like a professional. Whatever the two of you decide to do in private remains completely private. If you decide to take her out as your companion, both women and men will just turn around in envy because you have someone stunning around you.
There are escort services that promise you a lot but deliver much less than what you expect. Hence, if you are looking for an Asian escort, it is best to opt for an agency that keeps professionalism above everything else. This means that complete confidentiality will be maintained and you will get to spend time with someone who is classy. This kind of service is more premium but when you experience the service, you will feel that the money is more than well spent.
A top-end Asian escort London will make you feel as if you are on top of the world. She will be able to cater to almost any demand that you have – there will be no questions asked. But one thing is for certain – when you deal with a lady of such stature, you will get the feeling of splendour and class. The matter of physical satisfaction is always there but a top-class escort is definitely more than that. Not only do they provide you carnal pleasures, but they can also accompany you during your stay in London and give you that much-needed companionship.If you just want to engage in conversation with the lady, you will enjoy that and if you want to take her to an evening dinner, you will enjoy that too.
Booking the service of a top-class Asian escort in London is fairly simple – there are online sites that provide you with the details and help you choose and book your escort in a matter of minutes. Your escort is more than equipped to make your London stay a truly memorable one. Book your escort today and live a London dream.
A top-class Asian escort London is equipped to give you a memorable experience. The best London Asian escorts can be booked online.
Several factors like rise in the prevalence of diseases like diabetes, osteoporosis, arthritis, obesity, growing ageing population increasing sports-related injuries, improving advanced technologies like minimally invasive surgeries and superior materials of implants are the factors driving the global knee replacement market. High cost of the surgery, rise in number of OEM's and increase in awareness about non-surgical treatments like weight losing, exercises, walking aids, shoe inserts and painkiller medicines are the factors restraining the growth of global knee replacement market are
The global knee replacement market is classified on the basis of procedure, bearing, end-user and geography.
A sample of this report is available upon request @https://www.precisionbusinessinsights.com/market-reports/global-knee-replacement-market/#ulp-4H8Z4LpNMLEuOnnx
Based on procedure, global knee replacement market is segmented as
Total knee replacement
Partial knee replacement
Revision knee replacement
Based on bearing, global knee replacement market is segmented as
Fixed-bearing Implants
Mobile-bearing Implants
Based on end-user, global knee replacement market is segmented as
Hospitals
Orthopaedic clinics
Ambulatory surgical centers
To view TOC of this report is available upon request @
https://www.precisionbusinessinsights.com/market-reports/global-knee-replacement-market/#ulp-c654SbFYO64MsOhu
Knee replacement is the most widely used procedure to treat knee arthritis pain. Advancements in the technologies of knee replacement like minimally invasive surgery, improvement in materials of implant and rise in success rates of the procedures are allowing people to undergo the knee replacement surgery. Technologies likev3D printed knee implants manufactured by the company ConforMIS in the USA. For example, X3 Advanced Bearing Technology (in 2011) and Mako Robotic-Arm Assisted Technology (in 2017) and Zimmer Biomet has launched Persona Medial Congruent Bearing in March 2016, designed for providing natural motion for the knee by increasing stability of joints are boosting the growth of the market. According to U.S. Department of Health & Human Services about 294,000 children below age of 18 are suffering from various rheumatic conditions in U.S.
Need more information about this report @
https://www.precisionbusinessinsights.com/market-reports/global-knee-replacement-market/#ulp-14mlyhjMGhVjZqa3
Based on the geographical regions, Knee replacement market is segmented as Latin America, Asia-Pacific, Europe, North America and The Middle East and Africa. North America is dominating in the global knee replacement market owing to the rise in geriatric population and increasing prevalence rate of arthritis and various joint. Asia-Pacific is anticipated to show significant growth due to the untapped opportunities, growing incorporation of implants in the orthopaedic procedures and increasing prevalence rate of arthritis and robust improvement in the healthcare infrastructure.
Get access to full summary @
https://www.precisionbusinessinsights.com/market-reports/global-knee-replacement-market/
Some of the players in knee replacement market are Stryker (U.S.), Zimmer Inc., (U.S.), DePuy Synthes (U.S.), Aesculap Implants Systems, LLC (U.S.), Medacta (Switzerland), Exactech, Inc. (U.S.), CONMED (U.S.), MicroPort Orthopedics, Inc (U.S.), Kinamed, Inc.(U.S.), OMNIlife science Inc. (U.S.) and ConforMIS (U.S.)
WARWICK honey grower Neil Masters is very buzzy at the Ekka this week.
The 62-year-old is part of a small team of apiarists helping educate city slickers about the importance of bees to the environment.
Taking time out from volunteering at the Queensland Beekeepers' Association's honey stall, Mr Masters said it was vital for everyone to know where the product comes from.
"There is fair bit of work involved in producing honey," he said.
"You've got to be pretty good at bee husbandry.
"There's a lot of travelling - our furtherest beehive is about 1000km away."
Mr Masters has about 700 hives producing up to 72 tonnes of honey a year, with most of it going to Capilano.
His family's business also creates products for the industry including bee-keeping equipment like boxes and frames.
"I don't know why I do it," Mr Masters said.
"I guess it's just something that gets into your blood and you keep at it."
While keeping bees can be rewarding, there is a negative that tends to take the buzz out of every apiarist's experience.
"Some days you go out and get a few stings and other days you go out and you don't get any," Mr Masters said.
"It still hurts but you get a bit of immunity over time so you don't swell as much."
Entries for the Ekka's Apiculture Competition can be viewed at the Queensland Beekeepers' Association's display and product stall in the Agricultural Hall.
There are also apiary demonstrations throughout the day.
- NewsRegional
PARIS — Rattling through the first two rounds of the French Open without losing a set leaves more time for PlayStation for Naomi Osaka.
And should the next big thing in Japanese tennis turn up late for her next match, it could well be because she lost track of time plugged into her console. Who needs the sights of Paris when you have "The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim" to distract you? ("It's OK you don't know it," she kindly told a middle-aged journalist).
"It's sort of consumed my time a little bit," the 20-year-old Osaka said Wednesday after reaching the third round at Roland Garros. "Literally, if I have 30 minutes then I'll just sit there and I might be a little bit late. Like I'll spend 35 minutes and then I'm like, 'Oh my God, it's 30 minutes past,' and then I have to rush out the door. So if I'm ever late to anything, you know why."
The French Open marks the first time Osaka has been seeded at a major (at No. 21). That billing and her debut title on tour earlier this year, when she tore through a high-powered field to win at Indian Wells, mark out Japan's top-ranked woman as a player to watch in this first week when many struggle to find their feet on the red clay of Paris but others make it their home.
Osaka, who also reached the third round at her first French Open in 2016 only to lose to a qualifier in straight sets in the first round last year, said she is concentrating less on the surface than on trying to win her first Grand Slam.
"In my mind, it's not really clay," she said. "I just focus more on the tennis part, rather than making up excuses of what the surface is and how my play style isn't suited for it."
Osaka's third-round opponent is Madison Keys, an American seeded 13th. Keys beat Osaka in both of their previous matches. If Osaka has her way, next time will not only produce a different outcome but be quick, too — because she hopes to spend as little time as possible on the tournament grounds.
"I'm only here if I have to be, to be honest," she said. "When I was younger I used to love walking around and just experiencing the atmosphere. But now, like, I just sort of think of this as my job. So it's like clocking in and clocking out."
Those she beat on her way to the Indian Wells title in March included five-time major winner Maria Sharapova and top-ranked Simona Halep. At her next tournament, in Miami, she then overpowered Serena Williams, her tennis idol in childhood, 6-3, 6-2 in the first round.
She started travelling with her games console from that point on.
Cryptocurrency mining has no shortage of detractors, perhaps for good reason. "Drive-by cryptomining" code was recently discovered within YouTube's ads and ASIC-resistant cryptomining in general has been a major factor in the ongoing GPU shortage, frustrating casual PC gamers and enthusiasts alike.
However, not all cryptomining has negative consequences. Some websites allow their visitors to opt into lightweight, background cryptomining as an alternative to ads or paywalls. Humanitarian organizations such as UNICEF are even using it to help those in need.
UNICEF recently launched a new initiative dubbed "Game Chaingers" that looks to target gamers. "Thanks to the solidarity of the PC gaming community, Game Chaingers turns graphics cards into a humanitarian tool and organize [sic] the first ever blockchain fundraising by mining Ethereum for UNICEF."
This is a smart move on UNICEF's part, since many PC gamers already own pretty high-end video cards despite the recent shortage. The organization's goal with this project lies in providing emergency assistance to Syrian children, who are reportedly facing "the world's worst humanitarian crisis." UNICEF's top four priorities will be to provide these kids and other Syrians in need with water, hygiene, education, "Children's protection" and medical attention.
If you want to jump in and help out for yourself, you simply have to download UNICEF's provided Claymore mining software and turn it on. The software will mine Ethereum without further intervention from you, depositing the resulting currency directly into UNICEF's wallet. Naturally, you'll be able to stop this software at any time and the organization claims it will have no impact on energy usage.
Image via Unicef
PLATTE COUNTY, Mo. — The Platte County Sheriff's Office says that a 53-year-old man died early Sunday morning after colliding with a train in a rural , northern part of the county. The sheriff's office says that Joseph Anderson, a resident from the area, was killed in the crash.
They say it was about 2:15 in the morning when emergency crews went to the Macadow Street crossing and 45 Highway where they found Anderson in a 1985 Chevrolet pickup truck, he was pronounced dead at the scene. The train involved belonged to BNSF.
Authorities say nobody else was hurt and the sheriff's office is continuing to investigate the crash.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Black Country updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
An "absence of maintenance" played a role in the death of a pedestrian hit by a rotten building panel torn loose by strong winds, an inquest jury has found.
Jurors were told the section of a water tank cover - similar in size to a dining table - hit Tahnie Martin after falling from the roof of a six-storey building during Storm Doris last February.
Following a five-day inquest into the 29-year-old university worker's death in Wolverhampton city centre, West Midlands, a narrative verdict was returned.
The jury of three men and seven women found on Friday: "Tahnie Martin was struck by half of a large wooden panel which had broken away from a disused water tank on the roof of the Black Rock building.
"The large, heavy panel which struck Ms Martin became detached from the plant room roof of the building due to strong winds, caused by Storm Doris.
"It became detached due to the absence of maintenance which had resulted in bad rot, corroded and defective fixtures."
In evidence, the inquest heard the panel was blown around "like a piece of paper" for up for 20 seconds, an inquest has heard.
Ms Martin had been walking with Wolverhampton University's head of marketing, Raman Sarpal, who was also knocked to the ground and treated for a leg injury.
Ms Sarpal had described her colleague as a "fab girl" and a good worker.
The pair had been chatting about how windy it was when they were knocked to the ground.
When she next looked across at Ms Martin, Ms Sarpal could see her friend being given CPR.
Ms Martin, from Stafford, who was engaged to be married, was pronounced dead near Wolverhampton's Mander Centre shopping centre after suffering head injuries.
(Image: West Midlands Police)
Emma Whitting, assistant coroner for the Black Country, was told part of the cover, which a witness had described in court as looking rotten, landed in Dudley Street, while a smaller section did not reach ground level.
After the verdict, Ms Whitting told Ms Martin's family attending the hearing: "To you this must seem a senseless death.
"Tahnie was just embarking on a new, exciting phase of her life, with a job she loved and a marriage planned.
"It was all so suddenly and so cruelly taken away from her by a piece of rotten timber, making its way on to an ordinary shopping street."
The coroner is now sending a prevention of future deaths report to the Royal Institute of Chartered Surveyors, to address the apparent lack of requirement for surveyors to indicate building areas which have not been accessed as part of a survey.
Following the inquest, in a statement issued on behalf of the family, solicitor Deborah Robinson said it had been "a difficult process" but gave their thanks to those involved in the investigation into Ms Martin's death.
Meanwhile, a separate health and safety investigation by Wolverhampton City Council is continuing.
Afterwards, Richard Phillips, a city council solicitor, said: "We are working closely with the family and keeping them informed of our investigation.
"Our role is to determine whether there has been any breach of health and safety legislation and our investigation continues."
THIS IS WHAT IS CHANGING WITH THE NEW DRIVING TEST
Mum stabs herself in chest as she trips over the
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Fans have flocked to social media to have their say after Kelly Osbourne posed with her brother Jack 's wife Lisa Stelly for a picture.
The pair donned matching leaf print bikinis for their dip in the pool, sipping on cold beverages to keep cool, as the Mirror reports.
Captioning the photo, the daughter of Ozzy and Sharon wrote: “#SisterSunday #DivaLife with my sis @mrslisao #BestPoolDayEver”
Fans flooded the photo with compliments, with one writing: “Two gorgeous ladies.”
Another added: “Hot girls you rock.”
But some eagle-eyed fans spotted something slightly odd in the photo.
Behind Kelly, 32, you can make out a baby's arm wearing an inflatable arm band.
Some fans mistook this for Kelly's left arm, with one commenting: “Little old to still be wearing floaties Kelly lol.”
Another fan wrote: “Whoa. Is that not a baby arm/hand over your friends left shoulder? It cannot be your hand!!!”
The baby's arm is likely to be Lisa and Jack's 22-month old daughter Andy Rose. The pair is also parents to four-year old daughter Pearl.
Some fans wondered why the baby had been cropped out of the photo.
One wrote: “That partially hidden baby. What's up with that? Weird.” Another said: “Why u hide the baby?????!!!!” And one added: “Is that baby ok?”
Responding to the fan debate, Kelly posted the bikini shot to her Instagram again, this time circling the baby's arm in red.
She wrote: “Check out my sexy baby arm!The most hysterical yet #epic#PhotoFail! This is instant karma For trying to hide my fat ass behind Lisa while holding my niece!”
One fan replied: “Hilarious!P.S. you aren't fat! You're gorgeous. You are curvy and healthy, never fat, girl :)”
And another added: “You are not fat!! And that side arm is adorable!!”
FILE - In this Jan. 21, 2018, file photo, demonstrators rally in support of Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals DACA) outside the Capitol Washington. A federal judge has ruled against the Trump administration's decision to end a program protecting some young immigrants from deportation. U.S. District Judge John D. Bates says the Department of Homeland Security's decision to rescind the DACA program “was unlawful and must be set aside.”
Starting your own business takes passion, guts and motivation. Once you forge your own path and launch the business you've dreamed of for years, the next step is focusing on growing the business and maximizing efficiency. When a business operates efficiently, it can bring in more revenue. More businesses are turning to software solutions to improve business flow, saving both time and money. Take a look at these 4 ways software can help you grow your business.
Ways Software Can Grow Your Small Business
Simplify Employee Tasks
Employees often have a full plate, so it's smart to figure out how to simplify the tasks they need to complete. This is where software comes into play. Time tracking software allows employees to complete their timesheets as needed. This makes things simpler for not only employees – managers and other supervisors can also access the timesheets. There are many ways small business owners can stop feeling overwhelmed each day, and one of those is through the integration of software. Software encourages a much more streamlined system that is better for every member of the team.
Follow Sales Leads
You may have some leads you are hoping to convert on your quest to scale your small business. Don't let those potential sales fall to the wayside – let lead software management do its job. Software makes the process easy and convenient to store new leads, capture existing ones and track future sales prospects. With the help of lead software management, your sales team can easily contact customers and pick up right where they left off.
Better Manage Customer Relationships
Great customer relationships are founded on trust and communication. Customer relationship management software makes it easier to effectively manage customer relationships, boosting satisfaction, loyalty and repeat business. Software solutions allow you to update databases in real-time as you learn more information about your contacts, making it easier to collect, organize and manage the customer's information. Make sure to monitor your application services so you can detect and resolve application issues before in a timely manner. Do what you can to keep your customers coming back.
Offer a Competitive Advantage
One of the most valuable attributes software has for a business is to give it an edge over the competitors – something every small business needs in today's crowded marketplace. Software can even be customized to your business, making you the only company in your industry that has a unique solution. Consider using a single system for marketing, sales, project management and more – you'll simplify tasks making the day-to-day list of to-dos much shorter. Take the time you save and use it to nurture other parts of your business.
Many business owners are still unfamiliar with software, and how the right system can make a major impact on the productivity of a business, both short and long term. Think about and determine your specific business needs and goals, then utilize the software that will help support you so you can achieve those goals.
Dallas Mavericks guard Devin Harris (left), center Nerlens Noel (center) and guard J.J. Barea (right) watch from the bench during the first half of an NBA basketball game against the Brooklyn Nets at American Airlines Center on Wednesday, Nov. 29, 2017, in Dallas. (Smiley N. Pool/The Dallas Morning News)
Matt Mosley, contributor to SportsDayDFW.com and columnist for Texas Monthly, answered questions during a live chat Friday. Here are some highlights:
Question: If you were in charge of the Mavericks what are 3 things you would do?
Matt Mosley: I would find a way to have the worst record in the NBA, which the Mavs seem to be doing. I think they'll have a worst-five record, but it will be hard to "outpace" the Hawks and Magic for that worst record. And Memphis is now a problem without Conley. But I would launch my #Starvin4Marvin campaign, then I'd move Nerlens Noel for something. If someone wants to trade a first-rounder for Wes, I'd do it. And I really like him as a player. He would be such a great fit for a decent Blazers team. That city loves him, too. I would also bring Motley up immediately and start giving him solid minutes. I think he's ready for that...and not just because he went to Baylor. There's no reason in the world Noel needs to be on this roster after the trade deadline. And at some point I'd sit down and ask Rick Carlisle why he couldn't make it work with Noel. I'm a Rick guy, but he deserves some scrutiny for not getting that situation to work. Surely we can't put it ALL on Nerlens.
Participants put the finishing touches on their floats, costumes and other creations for Saturday's parade
The Summer Solstice Workshop is sprinting to finish its colorfully brilliant floats, masks and costumes this week as Saturday's Summer Solstice Parade approaches.
A 25-person staff worked along with about 30 volunteers Wednesday evening, forming a diverse collection of Santa Barbara residents.
“There are people from all walks of life and all economic backgrounds, from the homeless to the heiress,” Summer Solstice Celebration Executive Director Claudia Bratton said.
Bratton said many of the artists, woodworkers, mask makers and costume designers are paid, but the workshop welcomes all people to volunteer and help make the parade the event Santa Barbara has become so fond of.
First-year volunteer Guy Bryant started contributing by collecting materials for the people making floats, but became inspired to build one of his own.
“I saw a construction site and they just gave me all these materials,” he said. “I was like, Hey! I can do a whole float out of recycled material!' Nobody's done a completely recycled float before.”
Like Bryant, float artist Barry Remis said the green aspect of the parade is one of the most amazing characteristics of the event considering every float is human powered and very little new material is used.
“It's really organic because all of it gets reused,” Remis said. “Some of the theses things have been in five or six Solstice Parades.”
Remis said he's been working on his Frankenstein's workshop-themed float since mid-May when the donated Garden Street lot was opened to the Solstice workers.
Bratton said she began her involvement with the parade more than 30 years ago, designing the Solstice's first T-shirt in 1982 and enjoys seeing people participating in a constructive activity that benefits the community while learning new skills.
“I believe everyone has a big seed of creativity, but for many people that stops growing,” Bratton said. “We try to ignite the creative spirit of the community.”
Saturday's parade will start at noon at State and Cota streets. Click here for more information. Click here for the festival schedule.
— Noozhawk intern Jordon Niedermeier can be reached at .(JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address) . Follow Noozhawk on Twitter: @noozhawk, @NoozhawkNews and @NoozhawkBiz. Connect with Noozhawk on Facebook.
0:41 Cal Poly Rose Parade float heads to Pasadena under the cover of darkness Pause
0:07 Timelapse video: Watch Cal Poly students decorate their 2017 Rose Parade float
1:24 Gun dealer describes confusion, complexity in California's new gun laws
1:11 How the Paso Robles Police Department is using body cameras
1:36 2016's worst red-light runners
0:32 Storm scenes from Pismo Beach
1:07 California still working on getting young voters to cast ballots
2:48 Former Sacramento sex worker talks about life on the street
0:31 Powerful message about texting while driving
Jhanvi Kapoor & Ishaan Khattar On India's Best Dramebaaz
On India's Best Dramebaaz, Jhanvi looked pretty in light pink-white colour top and skirt, while her Dhadak co-star, Ishaan also complimented her in a (dark) pink shirt and black pant.
Vivek Shares A Picture
Sharing a picture, Vivek Oberoi wrote, "Beautiful chemistry with that adorable innocence! You guys look great together! @ishaan95 you're spontaneity is awesome....instantly lovable! Killer abs pretty impressive too! Lol! @janhvikapoor you're absolutely lovely...with that million dollar smile! God bless you both with great success for #Dhadak! #indiasbestdramebaaz #dramebaazdiaries @zeetv @omungkumar @iamhumaq." - (sic)
Huma Qureshi
Huma Qureshi too, shared the same picture and wrote, "Look who dropped in on our set today ... The #Dhadak Duo @janhvikapoor @ishaan95 ❤❤❤ #IBD Season 3 just got cuter !!! @omungkumar @vivekoberoi." - (sic)
Omung Kumar With Jhanvi Kapoor
Omung Kumar shared a picture snapped with Jhanvi and wrote, "All the best @janhvikapoor on your debut film #dhadak we know you will shine in the film:) had a great time with you on our show #indiasbestdramebaaz @zeetv." - (sic)
Vivek Shares An Adorable Picture Of Jhanvi
Vivek also shared an adorable picture of Jhanvi holding a puppy, and wrote, "True love! Hahaha! @janhvikapoor it was such a treat to have you on our show, from that little kid when I first saw you to now....what a wonderful young lady you've become! God bless you with great success! All the best for #dhadak! Hope that puppy makes u smile always! #indiasbestdramebaaz." - (sic)
The man who mowed down two dozen Toronto pedestrians after proclaiming his allegiance to a misogynistic killer mostly struck women, police revealed Tuesday.
Alek Minassian's victims — 10 of whom died — were “predominantly female,'' according to Toronto police Sgt. Graham Gibson.
Still, authorities aren't sure that the socially awkward killer, 25, who was charged with 10 counts of first-degree murder Tuesday, intentionally targeted women as he mowed his rented white van along a crowded sidewalk Monday afternoon.
But part of their investigation into Minassian's motive is focused on a “cryptic” Facebook post that he wrote shortly before the massacre, in which he identified himself as part of the “Incel Rebellion.”
“Incel” — short for “involuntarily celibate” — gained popularity in some strange corners of the internet following the rampage of infamous mass murderer Elliot Rodger, who killed six and wounded 13 in a 2014 shooting and stabbing spree near the University of California, Santa Barbara.
Rodger's spree, which ended when he took his own life, was fueled by a lifetime hatred of women for rejecting him romantically.
“We will overthrow all the Chads and Stacys,” Minassian proclaimed in his Facebook rant, using pejorative slang for men and women who follow social norms and lead active sex lives.
“All hail the Supreme Gentleman Elliot Rodger!” Minassian added.
The accused killer showed little emotion during his brief court appearance.
His shocked father, Vahe Minassian, wept as he watched his son held without bail. Asked whether he had any message for his son's victims, the dad quietly said, “I'm sorry.”
Meanwhile, other details of Alek Minassian's troubled private life continued to emerge, including that he was briefly a member of the Canadian Armed Forces in 2017.
“He did not complete his recruit training and requested to be voluntarily released from the CAF after 16 days of recruit training,” said a Canadian National Defense spokeswoman.
Minassian never received weapons training during his short stint in the military, The Canadian Press reported.
Former classmates described him as a “socially awkward” computer-science student who kept to himself.
“He didn't really talk to anyone,” Joseph Pham, who attended a programming class with Minassian at Seneca College, told The Toronto Star.
Minassian attended a special-needs high school, where he could often be seen walking the hallways with his head down, hands clasped — and making meowing noises, said another former classmate, Shereen Chami.
“He wasn't a social person, but from what I remember, he was absolutely harmless.”
Minassian proved anything but harmless Monday, when his van rocketed onto a sidewalk near downtown Toronto at around 1:30 p.m., plowing into terrified pedestrians for nearly a mile with police in hot pursuit.
When cops caught up to him, Minassian leaped out of the vehicle, raised an object toward one of them and yelled, “Kill me! Shoot me in the head!”
But Constable Ken Lam refused to be baited, taking Minassian alive and putting an end to the carnage.
Toronto Police Association President Mike McCormack said Lam, who is being hailed a “hero,'' is humble and easygoing, although “shaken” — not by the arrest, but by the mayhem preceding it.
“He said, ‘Mike, I just did my job. What I did was no big deal. But look at these poor people,' ” McCormack said.
Identities of the deceased were slow to trickle out Tuesday, as police and the city coroner continued to sift through the massive crime scene.
Anne Marie D'Amico, a 20-year-old analyst at US-based investment firm Invesco, was the first deceased victim identified by name.
Chul Min Kang, a “concept chef” at Copacabana Brazilian Steakhouses, also was reported to be among the dead by Global News, which cited an internal letter to his colleagues there.
South Korea's foreign-affairs embassy confirmed the deaths of two of its citizens, while the Jordanian embassy confirmed the passing of one of that country's nationals, according to Global News.
Seneca College also confirmed the death of one of its students, an unidentified woman.
With Wires
""What is amazing is that whatever issues they are having at home, whatever is missing from their lives or causes them pain, our school is theirs""
Andria Zafirakou Winner, Global Teacher Prize
An old man driving his car is rocking HARD to Metallica.
Somebody shot video of an old guy who's driving a car in the next lane, and he's totally headbanging to a Metallica song. It almost looks staged, but we haven't heard otherwise.
We saw the first leaked images of Lenovo's 25th Anniversary ThinkPad a couple of weeks ago, thanks to German blog WinFuture.de. Now, during an event at the Yamato Labs in Yokohama, Japan, the company officially unveiled the ThinkPad 25.
The limited edition retro laptop is based on the current T470 model, but its design is inspired by the ThinkPad 700C, which was released on October 5, 1992. The hardware is the same as the current ThinkPad, thankfully, while nostalgia fans will no doubt appreciate its rubberized coating, red TrackPoint, classic seven-row ThinkPad keyboard with ThinkVantage blue enter button, dedicated volume button, colorful logo, and numerous status LEDs.
That's where the retro elements end. The laptop features a 14-inch Full HD touchscreen, an Intel Core i7-7500U, GeForce 940MX GPU, 16GB of DDR4, a 512GB NVMe SSD, multiple ports (including Thunderbolt 3 Type-C), a 720p webcam, a fingerprint scanner for Windows Hello, and a claimed 18-hour battery life.
The machine's internals are a long way from the old 700C, which featured an Intel 486 CPU running at 25MHz, 4MB to 8MB of RAM, around 120MB of HDD space, and a 640 x 480 10.4-inch LCD screen. It also came with a 3.5-inch disk drive.
Long-time ThinkPad fans will have to dig deep and move fast if they want one of these Anniversary machines. They're only available in limited quantities in select countries, and prices start at $1,899. That may be expensive, but it's still better than the $2,375 it cost to buy a 700C in 1992.
The market research highlights fundamental frameworks on Global Silicon Carbide Wafer Market gives the exhaustive affiliation between past and current market trends to predict future market values and tendencies of the market. The report is a well-defined and in-depth research of market along with the market status, growth rate, and trends. The market report comprises historical, current, and projected revenues for each sector, segment, end-user segment, and region. The key manufactures/business entities covered in the report Cree, Dow Corning, SiCrystal, II-VI Advanced Materials, Nippon Steel & Sumitomo Metal, Norstel, Aymont Technology, TankeBlue, SICC, Hebei Synlight Crystal, CETC.
The report begins with introducing the global Silicon Carbide Wafer market and segmentation analysis such as depend on the most significant dynamics containing drivers of the market, constraints, risks, opportunities, current trending factors, PEST and PROTER'S Five Forces survey, applications, topographical region markets, and competitive landscape. Macroeconomic and microeconomic features that currently overcome and also those that are witnessed to appear are involved in Silicon Carbide Wafer report. The research analysts working on the report have strongly analyzed expected changes in policy, industry news and expansions, and opportunities and trends – this information can be utilized by companies to extend their market existence.
Request for Sample Report @ https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-silicon-carbide-wafer-market/5936/#requestforsample
The report is actually made up of a combination of the important and the pertinent info of the worldwide market, for instance, key things responsible for the variation of demand with its services and products. The report states pioneering new developments and technological advancement, which empower our customers to structure they are long-term primarily based on innovative developments; settle on informative businesses options and also to perform the necessary fundamentals. The report provides the main region, market conditions with the product price, profit, capacity, production, supply, demand, and market growth rate and forecast etc. This report also Present new project SWOT analysis, investment feasibility analysis, and investment return analysis.
Geographically, this report is portioned into a few key Regions, with generation, utilization, income (million USD), piece of the pie and development rate in these areas, from 2018 to 2025 (gauge), covering United States, China, Europe, Japan, Southeast Asia, India and Rest of World.
Silicon Carbide Wafer Market Analysis by Product Type Segmentation: Â 2 Inches, 3 Inches, 4 Inches, 6 Inches.
Silicon Carbide Wafer Market Analysis by Application Segmentation: Power Device, Electronics & Optoelectronics, Wireless Infrastructure, Other.
Key points in the Silicon Carbide Wafer Market Report:
1) To gain insightful analyses of the Market and have a comprehensive understanding of the global market and its commercial landscape
2) Assess the production processes, major issues, and solutions.
3) Market strategies that are being adopted by leading respective organizations
4) The report gives specific analysis for rapidly changing dynamics of Industry.
5) To understand the future outlook and prospects for the market with Marketing & Price (Price and Margin, Factors of Price Change, Manufacturers Gross Margin Analysis).
Inquiry for Buying Report @ https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-silicon-carbide-wafer-market/5936/#inquiry
From all of this Silicon Carbide Wafer market information, the report serves guidance and strategies to the following Silicon Carbide Wafer market players: New players, stakeholders, marketing unit, administrative authorities and Silicon Carbide Wafer distributors/manufacturers. The market research analysis has been structured using vital data from industry expertize. Further, the comprehensive primary and secondary research information with which the report has been prepared helps provide the key statistic forecasts data, in both terms revenue and volume. In addition to this, the analysis of the latest trends and current revenue of the region-wise market in comparison to the market has been included in this report. This will provide a clear view of the readers that how the market will progress globally over the forecast period 2018-2023.
About Us
Index Markets Research conduct market research and publish reports. You can find more than 35,000 research reports in our web store, which covers global industry and the regional markets. All the worldwide marketing data you need is at your fingertips.
Contact Us
Mark Irwin
Sales Manager
Email Id: sales@indexmarketsresearch.com
Phone: +1 202 888 3519
Web: https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/
Tanzania's Pangea Minerals Limited (PML) has announced it will reduce its workforce next month, in an attempt to cut operating costs.
PML is owned by Acacia Mining.
“Extraction operations in the mine will come to an end by 2020. The new cut will include employees in sections that are no longer operating,” said PML general director Benedict Busungu yesterday.
He said Pangea was in talks with its employees to ensure they were provided with their requisite work compensations.
“I don't know the exact number of employees whose contracts will be terminated. We will continue with the assessment to reduce the workforce.”
It is the second reduction to Acacia's workforce after the company, whose majority shareholder is Barrick Gold, in 15 September, 2017, reduced its number of employees by 2 000.
The company is in dispute with Tanzania over tax payments and was caught up in sweeping changes to the country's mining industry spearheaded by President John Magufuli.
This comes after the government imposed a ban on exports of gold and copper concentrates in March, 2017.
Acacia had said it would need to consider cutting operations if the ban of concentrates was not lifted by the end of the third quarter.
A study conducted by Persistence Market Research (PMR) identifies that the global market for citrus oils is set to reach US$ 4,353.8 Million by the end of 2026, riding on a modest CAGR of 4.9%.
Increasing demand for citrus oils for preparing therapeutic massage oils is projected to have a significant contribution to the overall development of citrus oils market. Based on application, the therapeutic massage oils segment is expected to account for the highest share of the market, reaching US$ 1,276.6 Million by the end of the assessment period (2016-2026). Cosmetics and personal care will continue to be the second largest segment of the market, capturing over 28% market share by the end of 2026.
“The growing prominence of aromatherapy is identified as a primary factor driving the global citrus oils market. Such therapies are applied in rejuvenating, relaxing and treating certain minor health disorders. Increasing popularity of aromatic oils and therapeutics is largely attributed to shifting preference for convenient, harmless, and natural alternatives over traditional allopathic solutions. Hence, higher consumer interest in aromatherapy is translating into great yields in citrus oils market”. – PMR
Based on oil type, the orange oil will remain as the predominant segment and is estimated to reach a market valuation of US$ 2,649.5 Million by the end of forecast period. Amongst other oil types, lemon oil is projected to witness a healthy growth, accounting for nearly 11% share of the market in term value over 2026.
Request to Sample Report – https://www.persistencemarketresearch.com/samples/11143
The global citrus oils market growth will be majorly influenced by the growing supply of citrus oils from developing regions due to the low cost of production. Moreover, the extensive demand for citrus flavors in food and beverage products in recent years is further propelling the market growth.
Bottlenecks
As citrus oils find more application in the F&B sector, concerns over their preservation and quick perishable nature are limiting their use to a certain extent. The risk of citrus greening disease and increasing use of synthetic chemicals to preserve citrus oil products are seen as major market hindrances. In addition, low awareness in emerging countries is anticipated to further restrict the market growth during the forecast period.
Regional analysis reveals robust growth in APAC and Latin America
While North America will continue to hold the top spot, the markets in Latin America and Asia Pacific will register exponential gains. In 2015, Asia Pacific accounted for 14.1% market share and is expected to gain 60 BPS to capture 14.6% market share by 2026. In terms of volume, Asia Pacific is expected to register a strong CAGR during the forecast period. Whereas, Latin America is expected to account for of 9.0% share of the market by end of the assessment period.
Request Report TOC @ https://www.persistencemarketresearch.com/methodology/11143
Competitive Dashboard
The PMR report delivers key insights on some of the top players competing in the global citrus oil market. Few these players include Symrise AG, Lionel Hitchen (Essential Oils) Ltd, Bontoux S.A.S., Citrus and Allied Essences Ltd., Young Living Essential Oils LC, Citrus Oleo, Mountain Rose Herbs, Inc., doTERRA International, LLC., Citrosuco Paulista SA, and Citromax S.A.C.I.
169 Russia's Election: More Charade Than Race Pause
118 Students nationwide walk out of class for the #NationalSchoolWalkout
104 His son was kicked off the bus for bullying - so dad made him run to school instead
259 State worker: 'I've been threatened, propositioned … it's really scary as a single parent'
115 Women's March 2018 brings thousands back to Olympia
55 Olympia Indivisible shares the reasons why it opposes the GOP tax reform
1164 Here's what Jay Inslee has to say over beers | Capitol Happy Hour
184 Inslee wants to roll back property tax changes he signed into law as part of schools fix
117 Legislatures expected to end session without a capital budget or water-rights deal
Photo by Naoki Fukuda
Bryant Jennings has nothing to gain, absolutely nothing. Twist it, turn it, spin anyway you want, there is no reason, in his mind, for him to be stepping into the ring Saturday night to fight Joey Dawejko on Top Rank's ESPN “Philly Fight Night” show at the Liacouras Center on Temple University's campus.
Don't get “By-By” wrong. He actually likes Dawejko. He respects him. Jennings just doesn't think Dawejko is on the same level as he is—even though Dawejko owns a victory over Jennings, about nine years ago in the Golden Gloves.
Jennings laughs. That was a different “By-By”, not the one who stepped into the ring with Wladimir Klitschko. Not the one who beat Artur Szpilka and Mike Perez, or the one who will be part of the Philly-centric show taking place on Saturday night.
The main event features Jessie Magdaleno's WBO junior featherweight title defense against Isaac Dogboe, but the crowd will be there in support of Philadelphia fighters Jennings (22-2, 13 knockouts), Dawejko, Jesse Hart, rising talent Christian Carto and Marcel Rivers. Shakur Stevenson, the 2016 Olympic star, will also be featured.
The fight that may carry the most intrigue matches Jennings, whose two pro losses came against Klitschko and Luis Ortiz, who gave Deontay Wilder all kinds of hell, against Dawejko, whose losses have come against the who's-who of heavyweights like Amir Mansour, Charles Martin, Didier Bence and Dorsett Barnwell.
Dawejko (19-4-4, 11 KOs) does have one big feather on his pro resume. He fought Jarrell “Big Baby” Miller to a four-round draw five years ago. In fairness to him, Dawejko does have a sound amateur background with 68 bouts in the unpaid ranks. And he's working with Hall of Fame trainer Freddie Roach for the first time.
“Joey is technically sound to do certain things, but he's not really conditioned to do those things,” Jennings said. “Joey can't run for long, and I'm just saying, he's going to have to come up with a hell of a strategy to beat me. I know what I have in these gloves. I'm in condition. I went the distance with Wladimir Klitschko.
“I won't underestimate him. There is no revenge on my mind with Joey from the first fight. I was an amateur, and I just started boxing. He had a ton of experience and he was fighting in front of his own crowd. The revenge part is childish and it's a waste of my time. That's almost someone completely different than who I am now, both in and outside the ring.”
Jennings started boxing in January 2009, and his third fight was against Dawejko, who cuts easily, in April 2009.
“Me and Joey had to grind our way up,” Jennings said. “There is no animosity. People are trying to stir it up and sell this fight, and I'm from the streets, so I heard all of the trash. It goes through one ear and out the other. The facts are these – I have everything to lose from this, and nothing to gain.
“I've been in with better opponents. I've beaten better fighters. Joey has his right to think and say whatever he wants, or even how he feels about himself. But some things are just clear, and it's very clear that I've had a better pro career than he has. I have nothing to gain and Joey has everything to gain. This will be the biggest stage he's ever been on.”
Jennings noted again, he was fighting in the “big room” at Madison Square Garden for the world heavyweight championship three years ago. Joey Dawejko was at home watching it on TV.
“I can promise you this, it will be a great fight,” Jennings said. “I just don't think he should be in the ring with me, but he is. I have a job to do and that's win.”
Struggling to locate a copy of THE RING Magazine? Try here or
Subscribe
You can order the current issue, which is on newsstands, or back issues from our subscribe page.
The first one deserved a sequel, which Cleveland won in the biggest comeback in NBA Finals history to even things up with Golden State.
Then with Kevin Durant joining Stephen Curry on one side and LeBron James leading the other, the Warriors and Cavaliers sent interest soaring as they rampaged toward the tiebreaker last season.
But the rubber match was a mismatch, and the Warriors are expected to win just as easily this time.
So as Round 4 of the record-setting rivalry begins Thursday night, has Warriors-Cavaliers become too much of a good thing?
"I don't think so," Golden State guard Klay Thompson said. "I think the rest of the NBA has got to get better. It's not our fault. I'm sure if you asked the fans of the Warriors and the Cavs around the world, whether it's in the Bay Area or in Cleveland, I'm sure they're happy with their team performance. The only people I hear saying that are fans from other teams, which is natural. I don't blame them. But as long as our fan base is happy, that's all that matters."
It's the first time in NBA, NFL, MLB or NHL history that the same teams are meeting four straight times in the championship round, and intrigue in the teams hasn't waned yet. The NBA had its most-watched conference finals since 2012, as both teams had to rally from 3-2 deficits to win Game 7s on the road.
But if this series quickly becomes as lopsided as some fear — ABC analyst Jeff Van Gundy said he couldn't remember a bigger gap between finals teams and said any game the Cavs win is a huge upset — many of those people who have tuned in the last few years might be looking for something else to watch by the time the series switches to Cleveland.
"If James and the Cavaliers win Game 1, you know, the interest is going to skyrocket because they are going to have done what very few — except for them maybe — think they can do, which is won at Golden State," Van Gundy said. "If they get blown out both games, it doesn't matter what we say. People aren't going to be as excited."
The players won't apologize for showing up again, or worry that it hurts the NBA.
"I mean, it may not be as suspenseful as a lot of people want it to be or as drama-filled," Durant said, "but that's what you've got movies and music for."
A Midland college has been evacuated on Monday due to a bomb scare.
Thousands of students and staff were ordered to leave Walsall College at around 11.30am on Monday.
It followed a threat to the college that a bomb was on the premises.
At this stage it is not know which campus the threat related to.
Waslall College has six campuses spread around the town, with thousands of students and staff in total.
We've contacted the college and West Midlands Police for more information on this incident.
The college has confirmed the evacuation in a tweet, saying more details and information will follow shortly.
The incident at Walsall follows reports that several other schools and colleges across the UK have also been the subject of bomb scares.
We will bring you details on this ongoing incident as we get them.
On August 21st, 2017, a total solar eclipse will cross the U.S. for the first time in 99 years!
Of course, the eclipse has many of us excited, but how much do we really know about the event? NASA shared some facts about the upcoming solar eclipse.
Animals Will React to It | For example, chickens might go to sleep, exuding twilight behavior.
T-7 days until #Eclipse20117! Watch on Aug. 21 as NASA brings you live coverage from across the path of totality: https://t.co/yzOtRcM04y pic.twitter.com/RKFcxMkiCR — NASA360 (@NASA360) August 14, 2017
If You're Not in the ‘Path of Totality', You Won't Notice a Difference | The sky will only appear as it does in the later afternoon.
If You Can't Catch This Eclipse, Another Will Appear in 2024 | NASA can calculate eclipses centuries ahead of time.
Astronauts on the ISS Will be Able to See the Eclipse | NASA will study it for research purposes.
It Will be the First Solar Eclipse Many See in Their Lifetimes | And for some, the only eclipse they will ever see.
If you want to get attention, launching your own satellite is as good a way as any, but Peter Beck and his Rocket Lab probably weren't expecting the avalanche of outrage that greeted the launch of a sparkly shiny thing self-importantly named the Humanity Star but soon demystified to Giant Orbiting Disco Ball.
How very dare he? Astronomers and others found all sorts of reasons to hate it.
"A business card in the sky" and "flying billboard" were among the kinder descriptions.
Admittedly, the launch was accompanied by a ream of high-falutin' corporate palaver.
Advertisement
"The Humanity Star is a reminder to all on Earth about our fragile position in the universe. The project aims to draw people's eyes up and encourage them to look past day-to-day issues and consider a bigger picture."
Wriggle-making stuff. But if you wanted to be offended by either the ball or the accompanying notes, you really had to work hard at it.
Unlike other billboards it's easy to miss. In fact, if you do want to see it you will need the help of a website that shows you where in the sky to look and when.
And, yes, we probably don't need a GODB to help us "consider our place in the universe". Astrophysicists have been working on that for some time.
Many of those scientists are struggling with the mere fact of the ball's existence.
University of Auckland physics professor Richard Easther was less than impressed, calling the GODB a "cheesy stunt". Which of course it is, but it's also something that exists purely to delight those who care to be delighted.
It serves no useful purpose. Oscar Wilde would have loved it. "All art is useless," he said.
"So, according to Trump-era entrepreneurs, flashing disco balls in space are the way to promote philosophical reflection," complained local astronomer Ian Griffin.
"I beg to differ. That's why next week I will be watching the eclipse and reflecting how a supposedly green nation has vandalised the night. #sad"
If you're going to bag Trump – and it's hardly Beck's fault Trump is President at this moment – then don't use his catch phrase hashtags.
You could as reasonably note Rocket Lab had failed launches under a National Government but got there once we had a Labour-led administration.
Or perhaps it's something more personal. The director of astrobiology at Columbia University, Caleb Scharf, complained the GODB represented "another invasion of my personal universe".
We're very grateful for the work they do and in awe of their very big brains, but the fact remains: Scharf and other scientists don't actually own the cosmos, although apparently he thinks he does.
It was celestial clutter, others said. But the last time I looked the universe was still expanding.
It's surprising astrophysicists of all people should find it so hard to see the big picture.
For a start the thing is only going to be up there for nine months, which is not a long time in cosmic terms.
Perhaps an analogy could make that clearer: if all time since the Big Bang were represented by one year, then nine months would be equal to a Bachelor viewer's attention span.
The millennials seem to have the right attitude. One told me she was disappointed the GODB didn't have multi-coloured kaleidoscopic features.
Another observed if Bansky had launched this thing "everyone would be going on about how edgy and disruptive it was".
We need more beautiful things in our lives. Critics should lighten up.
Best Snowy Destinations For A Cozy Cottage GetawayFrom the moderately priced to over the top, here are five of the best snowy destinations to stay this year for a cozy cottage getaway
MSP Airport Flight Operations Return To Normal Operations are back to normal at Minneapolis-St. Paul International Airport after gusty winds on Monday disrupted flight schedules.
Saving Space: How To Pack Your Bulky Winter ClothingFive suggestions on how to avoid baggage fees by packing all of your winter clothing in a single carry on and personal item
5 Best U.S. Cities To Ring In 2017Five of the best American cities to celebrate when the clock strikes twelve.
As a mother, I empathize with parents dealing with a child who marches to a different drummer, especially when the drummer is very counter-cultural. With all the excitement surrounding our new Pope Francis and his focus on simplicity, poverty and humility, I wonder what the mother of St. Francis of Assisi must have experienced as she watched her pride and joy reject everything she had hoped for — a socially and financially successful son, beautiful daughter-in-law and way above average grandchildren.
Following is my imagined conversation between Francis and his mother.
Whatever Are You Thinking, Francis?
“Francis, I'm your mother. Don't even think about leaving now. Where were you last night? Clare told me she sent you an invitation.”
“I just didn't feel like going.”
“Francis, you used to love parties, so social, fun-loving, handsome, young and full of life. You're such a catch, Francis! Clare is such a nice girl. She's beautiful. Comes from a nice family. Nice manners, lots of money. What more could you ask for?”
“I'm building a church, Mother.”
“How interesting!”
“I had a vision.”
“You had a vision? And the rumors about you kissing lepers! You need some serious help. For God's sake, Francis, think before you embrace someone.”
“Mother, I couldn't help myself. In my dream I saw Jesus embracing sick people, poor people.”
“You're hallucinating, Francis. We're talking disease here. Big-time disease. You're driving your father crazy.”
“All he talks about is business. I'm not interested.”
“What do you mean all he talks about is business? What else is he supposed to talk about? I mean, Francis, when you took your clothes off, dancing in the street in front of all the neighbors …”
“Everything I do seems to upset him.”
“Of course your father is upset! He has the best line of menswear in the trade, and you roam around in that ragged, brown beggars outfit.”
“I don't mind begging. I'd rather fast and pray than party. Besides, I'm having wonderful dreams and visions.”
“Francis, you're sounding like a religious nut! Who's that you're talking to now?”
“The birds.”
“This is serious, Francis. I mean it. I've had it. Go live in a cave, hang out with lepers and losers, be a beggar. Just go ahead then. See if you ever make a difference.”
And what a difference Francis made!
In a recent essay in National Catholic Reporter, theologian Hans Küng speaks of the Franciscan ideal our church is deeply in need of today. For Küng, this is spelled out in financial transparency, rejection of pomp and ceremony, concern for the weak and marginalized, a church of humanity, dialogue, brotherhood and sisterhood, hospitality for the nonconformist, a church that allows new religious forces and ideas to flourish.
“A church in the spirit of St. Francis of Assisi means a church of good news and joy, a theology based purely on the Gospel, a church that listens to people instead of indoctrinating from above, a church that not only teaches but one that constantly learns,” he wrote.
Members of the Catholic Church of the Beatitudes stand in solidarity with the vision of St. Francis, so well iterated by Küng. We believe vibrant Christianity takes place only when we take the risk of being counter-cultural, of basing our actions on Gospel values of inclusivity, not on a culture of power that is centralized, legalized, politicized and clericalized.
— Genie Hoyne is a member of the Catholic Church of the Beatitudes, which celebrates Mass at 5:30 p.m. Saturdays at First Congregational Church of Santa Barbara, 2101 State St. Click here for more information, or call 805.252.4105. Click here for previous columns.
100 years ago, American soldiers fought in France, in Belleau to defend our freedom. This oak tree (my gift to @realDonaldTrump) will be a reminder at the White House of these ties that bind us. https://t.co/AUdVncaKRN
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
For the first time in forever, we can watch a song from the Broadway version of Disney's animated hit, Frozen, and it's the bop, "For the First Time in Forever!" Patti Murin plays Princess Anna, and she's pitch perfect. That bed head! The dress! It's all so Anna! The sneak peek appeared on Good Morning America, and you can tell the audience is really feeling it.
Who's buying my ticket?! I need to see this ~icy magic~ IRL.
Frappuccino fans, listen up. There's a glitzy new version coming to Starbucks this weekend, and the sparkly concoctions look better than ever.
The coffee chain is getting involved in the Pride in London celebrations once again, and this year, Glitter Frappuccinos will be introduced to a handful of stores in the capital over the weekend.
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
A Pride flag flies above the Starbucks headquarters in Seattle Starbucks
For a limited time only from Thursday 5 July - Sunday 8 July, customers will have the option to add some sparkle to the popular summer beverage for free. The glam drinks will be offered by baristas at eight stores along the parade route, which will see 500 LGBT+ groups march through central London to celebrate the diversity of the city's community.
The one-of-a-kind fraps can be found at these participating Starbucks shops: 159 Great Portland Street, 60 Wardour Street, 170 Wardour Street, 3 Great Marlborough St, 34 Carnaby Street, 22 Princes Street, 13 Harewood Place and 1 Langham Place.
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
It's the fourth year that Starbucks has sponsored the annual event, with 160 employees joining the parade on Saturday. Make-up artists from The Gypsy Shrine, The Queens of Glitter, will also be on hand at Starbucks' Glam Stops before the parade and stores across London will also be selling exclusive Pride pin badges for £2, with all profits going back to Pride in London.
If you're not based in the capital, look out for Costa's rainbow cups, which will replace the standard red design during Pride in eight UK locations - Edinburgh, Chelmsford, London, Glasgow, Brighton, Leeds, Manchester and Cardiff.
Sir, – Isn't it a sad state of affairs in Ireland when hotels are used to house citizens and houses are used to host tourists? – Yours, etc,
BLÁTHNAID DEENY,
Dunkineely,
Co Donegal.
Sir, – The Citizens' Assembly was hugely instrumental in broadening and informing the debate on the recent referendum. As a model it could be applied to other equally pressing issues, for example our homelessness crisis. Instructive, informed and nuanced debate and effective decision making needs to take place urgently. A Citizens' Assembly could be the vehicle to shift us from the impasse in which we find ourselves. – Yours, etc,
DOROTHY SMITH,
AUSTIN O'CARROLL,
Phibsborough,
Dublin 7.
PARKLAND, Fla. - The mother of one of the 17 victims killed Feb. 14 in the mass shooting at Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School, in Parkland, announced Tuesday that she will be running for a spot on the Broward County School Board.
Lori Alhadeff, whose daughter Alyssa attended the school, will also be hosting a fundraiser next month for her nonprofit organization, Make Schools Safe Inc.
More Parkland School Shooting Headlines
The mission of Alhadeff's foundation is to make schools across the country safe for all students and faculty so that similar tragedies will be prevented in the future.
The fundraiser will be held from 9 a.m. to 2 p.m. May 11 as the Heron Bay and Coral Springs tennis centers take on the Cypress Head and Parkland tennis centers.
The women's tennis round robin and exhibition match will be held at the Parkland Tennis Center, at 7901 Parkside Drive.
Tickets for the exhibition and a luncheon are $40. Tickets for round robin participation, the exhibition and the luncheon are $60.
There will also be boutique shopping and raffles.
All proceeds from the event will be used to provide school safety.
To register for the event, call Lara at 561-767-7302.
Click here for more information about Make Schools Safe.
Copyright 2018 by WPLG Local10.com - All rights reserved.
The body of Jennifer Salcito, 33, was found Tuesday in the Frog Alley Community Garden in Delray Beach.
DELRAY BEACH, Fla. - Police have identified a woman whose body was found Tuesday in Delray Beach.
Delray Beach police said Wednesday that the woman was identified as Jennifer Salcito.
Detectives said the 33-year-old woman's body was partially concealed by some brush in the Frog Alley Community Garden on Southwest Fourth Avenue.
Salcito was an aspiring model and actress who touted herself as "an amazing singer" on ExploreTalent.com, a recruitment website for talent scouts in the entertainment industry.
"I love to be in front of the camera and the camera loves me," Salcito's profile reads. "I am very easy to get along with and a hard worker whose (sic) motivated to giving it my all."
According to a post on the Boca News Now community website, Salcito was arrested in Boca Raton in 2013 after she failed to return a rental car. She told the website that it was a misunderstanding between her insurance company and Hertz.
Palm Beach County court records show that Salcito had the charge reduced to a misdemeanor. She entered a pretrial diversion program and the charge was dropped.
Detectives are investigating Salcito's death as a homicide. They haven't said how she died.
Copyright 2018 by WPLG Local10.com - All rights reserved.
At 5:30 p.m. this Thursday at Intermezzo, local legal groups will kick off a month-long drive to benefit the Foodbank of Santa Barbara County.
The third annual “Food from the Bar” Drive is co-sponsored by legal organizations in Santa Barbara including Santa Barbara Women Lawyers, the Santa Barbara County Bar Association, the North County Bar Association, the District Attorney's Office and the Santa Barbara Paralegal Association, among others.
Food from the Bar is a unique opportunity for the legal organizations in Santa Barbara to come together for one cause to directly improve the lives of children in our county.
All funds raised during the drive go directly to the Foodbank's Picnic in the Park program to feed children in the county during the summer months. The Foodbank reports that a staggering 84 percent of children in the county who receive free or reduced lunches during the school year get nothing in the summer.
Through Picnic in the Park, the Foodbank provides free nutritious meals to these children during the summer throughout the county as part of the USDA Summer Food Service Program. The healthy meal will be served at various parks in the county — Monday through Friday from 11 a.m. to 12:30 p.m. for 10 weeks during the summer.
Santa Barbara Women Lawyers board member and drive organizer Jennifer Smith said, “100 percent of the funds raised in this drive go directly to feed low income children in our community healthy lunches this summer. We have a hunger problem in our very own community. This drive is important because it brings attention to this problem in our own backyard.”
The Food from the Bar Drive will run during the entire month of July. Click here for more information or to make a donation.
Organizers invite everyone in the community to attend Thursday's kick-off event at Intermezzo, with 25 percent of proceeds going to the Foodbank.
— Candice Tang Nyholt is a publicist representing the Foodbank of Santa Barbara County.
Manchester United boss Jose Mourinho was involved in a heated exchange with Manchester City players following his side's derby defeat at Old Trafford.
Mourinho had milk and water thrown at him and shouted into the away dressing room, while it has also been claimed he was involved in a confrontation with City goalkeeper Ederson.
United's players and staff are believed to have taken exception to the raucous manner in which City were celebrating their 2-1 success, which included playing loud music in their dressing room.
The corridor leading to the dressing rooms apparently became very congested as players and staff made their way through it after the game, and tensions spilled over into pushing and shoving, with City coach Mikel Arteta understood to have suffered a cut to the head.
The Guardian has claimed police officers and stewards had to separate up to 20 players and members of staff. Neither club commented when contacted on Sunday evening.
The incidents occurred after a fiery end to the match. There were arguments among players after United had a penalty appeal rejected in the latter stages.
City won with goals from David Silva and Nicolas Otamendi, with Marcus Rashford replying for United. The victory was City's 14th in succession in the Premier League and extended their lead at the top of the table to 11 points.
Mourinho conceded afterwards that City's advantage in the title race was now at a "significant distance".
Asked if it could be clawed back, he said: "I don't know. We are going to work and fight for it. That is the only thing I say."
Mourinho complained about the late penalty decision, which saw United's Ander Herrera booked for diving after a challenge by Otamendi.
"It is a huge penalty in a crucial moment of the game," said Mourinho, who also bemoaned his side's luck.
City boss Pep Guardiola had no time for Mourinho's complaints.
"We won because we were better, in all departments," Guardiola said.
Buy Photo Raiders' Dante Wright (5) intercepts a pass in their own endzone and then returns it for a touchdown during the Escambia vs Navarre high school football game in Navarre on Friday, October 6, 2017. (Photo: Gregg Pachkowski, Gregg Pachkowski/gregg@pnj.com)Buy Photo
NAVARRE — There's no denying it. Escambia's 35-27 win at Navarre on Friday night was nothing short of an instant classic.
The playoff rematch was not your back-and-forth, nail biter for all four quarters type of game.
Instead, it was “one of the top comebacks” in Escambia head coach Mike Bennett's coaching career, which included nearly 20 years at Pensacola High.
“This is one of the better regular season games I've ever been a part of,” Escambia coach Mike Bennett said. “It was a crazy game. Had opportunities early to score some points.”
The epic comeback started with a 27-6 halftime deficit and ended with 34-yard fumble return for touchdown by Frank Peasant after Jacob Copeland stripped the football with less than five minutes to play in regulation.
“It was amazing, when I saw the ball come out I just went back to my running back days,” Peasant said. "Copeland is a great athlete. He plays offense and defense. I love that man.
“Our coaches just told us to keep our heads straight and keep doing what we're doing. When we came back out from halftime everyone had their heads up.”
Each unit played its part in Escambia's victory, despite facing major adversity and one of the area's toughest teams.
Escambia's offensive line was challenged with a fierce Navarre (5-1) pass rush that averaged 6.5 sacks per game before Friday, and allowed sophomore quarterback AV Smith to be sacked just once in the win.
“They played awesome tonight,” Bennett said. “I'm really proud of them. They are getting better and better every game. We came out and ran some different stuff. Queven and Ray Samuel kinda took over a bit behind them.”
Smith showed poise beyond his years, regrouping after throwing three interceptions in the first half and used nerves of steel to air two deep passes for scores of 61 and 32 yards in the second half.
“I told AV at halftime, we're rolling with you regardless what happens,” Bennett said. “He made some plays. Steven McGhee and Jacob Copeland made some big plays on the other end of his passes.”
Escambia (4-2) kept its offense balanced, as Smith rushed for a one-yard score and Queven Dosonmu stopped the bleeding and started the comeback with a highlight-reel worthy touchdown run of 28 yards.
Escambia's defense kept Navarre to its lowest-scoring output of the year, and allowed just 13 points. Navarre's other points came on two interceptions for touchdowns.
Escambia has plenty of momentum and is hotter than any area team. Oddly enough, the Gators will play their first home game Friday in the eighth week of the season. A win over District 1-6A rival Tate could essentially lock up a district championship for Escambia.
“I believe that we can go higher,” Peasant said. “ We want to finish the season strong. Make the playoffs and go see states.”
Navarre two-way playmaker Dante Wright had an electrifying performance, catching a 67-yard touchdown pass on Navarre's first play from scrimmage.
Wright returned an interception 98 yards for a touchdown as Escambia reached Navarre's red zone for the first time and gave Navarre a 14-0 lead.
It was a rare loss for Navarre six-year head coach Jay Walls, who is 55-14 in his six-year tenure.
The Raiders will aim for a bounce-back win over District 2-6A rival Milton next week.
At Navarre
EHS 0 6 7 16 35
NHS 21 6 0 0 27
FIRST QUARTER
N- Dante Wright 67 yard pass from Sage Chambers, 11:38, N 7-0
N- Wright 98 yard interception return, 7:34, N 14-0
N- Joshua Carter 37 yard interception, 3:10, N 21-0
SECOND QUARTER
N- Omari Green 4-yard run, XP no good, 7:16, N- 27-0
E- Queven Dosonmu 28-yard run, XP no good, 6:11, N 27-6
THIRD QUARTER
E- AV Smith 1-yard run, 6:17, N 27-13
FOURTH QUARTER
E- Smith 32 pass to Jacob Copeland, 2 pt no good, 7:18, N 27-19
E- Smith 61 pass to Steven Mcghee, 6:12, 2 pt good, 4:39, 27-27
E- Frank Peasant 34 yard fumble return, 4:36, 2 pt good, E 35-27
Dive Brief:
As Amazon determines where it will locate its second headquarters, the University of Texas at Dallas and the city of Richardson are floating a proposal to offer the tech giant more than 100 acres of land near the university grounds, which they say will offer the additional benefit of a substantial number of STEM-proficient student, alumni and faculty, according to the Dallas Morning News.
Amazon's second headquarters is expected to bring as many as 50,000 jobs to whichever city is chosen, and the state of Texas is working to create incentives to entice the company. UT Dallas president Richard Benson noted 90% of the school's students are in STEM or management programs.
The city of Richardson also boasts a highly educated and diverse population, due to the university and the tech focus of the area. Mayor Paul Voelker says it is important to stress that diversity, as wherever Amazon places its second headquarters would need to be a place that could attract talent from around the globe.
Dive Insight:
Ensuring a city or region has a vital and skilled workforce can help school leaders of colleges and universities advocate for more funding from policymakers and philanthropists in an era of decaying sources of revenue. Educators often frame the development of STEM-literate students as a way to develop a workforce suited for today's economy, but well-funded and robust higher ed institutions can also be an economic engine in their own right, enticing businesses like Amazon from outside the state. The city of Pittsburgh, PA is undergoing a tech boom currently because of the proximity of several premier colleges and universities in the area. For school leaders negotiating with lawmakers about the need for higher allocations, this may be an easier argument than the promise of a strong future workforce because the benefits of bringing in a company like Amazon based on the reputation of a university is a more immediately discernible benefit for a state's economy.
The prospect of improving the local economy presents an ideal opportunity for higher ed institutions to partner with industries in order to entice more talent and businesses. A separate University of Texas initiative this year in San Antonio involved the university partnering with several tech companies and the local school district to create a high school specializing in workforce desired tech skills. Creating this type of environment is beneficial for both universities and businesses; the industry gets a continuous supply of skilled and interested graduates, while the proximity of such industries makes those higher ed institutions more attractive to ambitious student applicants.
Delta decalactone is found in animal foods such as butter oil, coconut oil, apricots, peaches, cheese, cane sugar, pork fat, margarine, lavender oil, and other substances. The chemical name for delta decalactone is Decan-5-olide. It is heat-sensitive and light-sensitive, due to which its container needs to be tightly closed in a dry and well-ventilated place. Delta decalactone is an indispensable lactone that is useful for lending roundness, creaminess, or a fleshy character to brown nuts, vanilla, diary, red fruit, meat, tropical fruit, and yellow fruit. Natural delta decalactone is an important constituent of a variety of natural flavorings.
Request Report Brochure @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=B&rep_id=20660
Its chemical formula is C10H18O2. Optical isomers of delta decalactone and delta dodecalactone imparts and / or enhance the aroma and taste of consumable materials including chewing gums, foodstuffs, beverages, perfume compositions, colognes, and fragrant articles such as solid & liquid anionic, cationic, nonionic, or zwitterionic detergents, hair preparations, and fabric softeners. Delta decalactone is used as a fragrance in creams, household products; mango, coconut, raspberry, & nectarine flavors; and as a coumarin replacer. It is employed in pharmaceutical preparations and flavorings and is also an ingredient in the manufacturing of mixtures. The good solvency properties of delta decalactone is useful in industrial application. They also have wide demand in artificial fiber industry, they are polymerizable and can be used as nylon precursors. Usage of delta decalactone by the general public is strongly discouraged.
Delta decalactone is found to be chemically stable under normal operating conditions. It is not considered dangerous according to directives and regulations; and the possibility of any form of hazardous polymerization is less, as it does not undergo any dangerous or explosive reactions. Avoiding heat, flames, and other sources of ignition is recommended. Delta decalactone is highly incompatible with chemicals such as strong oxidizing agents, reducing agents, and oxidizing mineral acids. Upon combustion, it may release hazardous decomposition products such as carbon monoxide and other unidentified organic compounds. It is advisable to use carbon dioxide in dry chemical powder or appropriate foam form as an extinguishing medium. Full water jets are not recommended for safety reasons.
Read Report Overview @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/delta-decalactone-market.html
First aid measures to be followed on consumption of delta decalactone include rinsing one's mouth with water if swallowed and cleaning with copious amounts of water in case of eye or skin contact. Delta decalactone must be stored in a cool and dry place and in a tight container and be kept away from food, drink, and animal feed. During disposal, one must take into consideration all the state and local environmental regulations, the specific material, and the container in which it is stored. Reuse of empty containers is not prescribed. General control parameters for using delta decalactone include wearing personal protection equipment such as breathing apparatus for respiratory protection.
About Us
Transparency Market Research (TMR) is a global market intelligence company providing business information reports and services. The company's exclusive blend of quantitative forecasting and trend analysis provides forward-looking insight for thousands of decision makers. TMR's experienced team of analysts, researchers, and consultants use proprietary data sources and various tools and techniques to gather and analyze information.
TMR's data repository is continuously updated and revised by a team of research experts so that it always reflects the latest trends and information. With extensive research and analysis capabilities, Transparency Market Research employs rigorous primary and secondary research techniques to develop distinctive data sets and research material for business reports.
Contact
Transparency Market Research
State Tower,
90 State Street,
Suite 700,
Albany NY – 12207
United States
Tel: +1-518-618-1030
USA – Canada Toll Free: 866-552-3453
Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com
Website: http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Visitors to Twycross Zoo can take an extra chance to say goodbye to its two remaining much-loved Asian elephants this summer.
The gentle beasts are not ready to pack their trunks and take the taxing journey to their new seaside home in Blackpool Zoo.
As a result, they cannot follow the first two female elephants, Tara and Minbu, who already completed the journey in February.
The remaining duo, mum, Noorjahan, and her daughter, Esha, won't be packing their trunks until the end of August, it is thought.
(Image: Twycross Zoo.)
Twycross Zoo's CEO, Dr Sharon Redrobe OBE, said: “We're delighted to be keeping our two remaining ladies for the summer, which will provide people with plenty of opportunities to see them one last time at Twycross before they set off for their new seaside home.
“We're pleased to say that Tara and Minbu have settled well into their new home with Blackpool's resident elephant, Katie, and that all four of our ladies have been given the chance to be part of Project Elephant and Blackpool Zoo's endangered animals breeding programme.
“Noorjahan and Esha have grown closer since Tara's and Minbu's departure, and it has really solidified their mother and daughter bond.
“Ultimately, Noorjahan and Esha will only move when they are ready to do so, which means we have the pleasure of enjoying their wonderful company for a little while yet.
“When they do move, and are reunited once again with Tara and Minbu, we know they are going to be very well looked after at their new home.”
Asian elephants are one of the largest land mammals on the planet but the species is currently threatened by habitat loss, degradation, and fragmentation leading to them being listed as Endangered on the IUCN*Red List.
As a result, Asian elephant populations have declined by at least 50% in the last three generations. With the move of Tara and her companions to Blackpool Zoo, Twycross Zoo experts hope to make this celebrated species thrive again.
Twycross Zoo is open to the public from 10am to 6pm, 364 days a year.
For more information and to book tickets visit www.twycrosszoo.org or call 0844 474 1777.
We've launched our very own app for Android and Apple devices which can be tailored to deliver the news and sport that you're interested in.
To download the IOS app click here.
To download the Android app click here.
It's no surprise that Diddy is doing big things.
$130 million worth of things to be specific, and that was just in 2017 alone. Now, the entertainer and entrepreneur is making moves on an even bigger level and his goal is to inspire.
According to his recent interview with GQ, Diddy (who now goes by Love, but will still respond to Diddy) has various projects planned that will have you ready for the future. Swipe through to check out the top four things that are getting us excited!
1 2 3 4 5Next page »
Also On 93.9 WKYS:
Sonali Bendre Diagnosed With High-grade Cancer
Sonali further wrote, "A niggling pain led to some tests, which led to this unexpected diagnosis. My family and close friends have rallied around me, providing the best support system that anyone can ask for. I am very blessed and thankful for each of them."
The Actress Is Undergoing Treatment In New York.
"There is no better way to tackle this, than to take swift and immediate action. And so, as advised by my doctors, I am currently undergoing a course of treatment in New York. We remain optimistic and I am determined to fight every step of the way. What has helped has been the immense outpouring of love and support I've received over the past few days, for which I am very grateful. I'm taking this battle head on, knowing I have the strength of my family and friends behind me." - (sic)
TV Celebs Support Sonali Fight Against Cancer
Immediately after the actress broke the news, her fans and industry friends took to social media to wish the actress a speedy recovery. Television actors too, poured in wishes.
Shakti, Karan & Mandira
Shakti Arora: Our prayers are with u... u ll come out as a winner!! - (sic)
Karan Wahi: Have a speedy recovery. - (sic)
Mandira Bedi: God Bless. Beat it, hard and fast. And be well soon... - (sic)
Sophia, Mahi & Gauhar
Sophia Choudhary: Sending you all the love, strength, prayers in the world to fight this Sonali. God speed. - (sic)
Mahi Vij: We love you prayers prayers n just prayers. - (sic)
Gauhar Khan: Sending you all the positivity n love!!!! May you heal soon!! - (sic)
Ekta, Ayushman & KVB
Ekta Kapoor: You are going to b backkk! Ur in d duaaas of many! Get well sooon. - (sic)
Ayushman Khuranna: Prayers. Love. Wishes. - (sic)
Karanvir Bohra: Our prayers and blessings are with you..... praying for a speedy and health. - (sic)
Rucha & Gautami
Rucha Hasabnis: @iamsonalibendre Sending you all lots of love, positivity and healing energy. - (sic)
Gautami Kapoor: Sonali!!! You are a fighter. Love you... our prayers and thoughts with you. - (sic)
F1 teams will be ready with Halo-equipped cars next year.
That is the view of Haas boss Gunther Steiner, when asked about reports teams are concerned the FIA has released detailed information about Halo very late.
"Everyone is complaining," Steiner said at Suzuka, "but in the end it's the same for everyone. Everything will be done on time.
"Formula one is the highest category of motor sport, so if you are not able to cope with such difficulties then in my view it is better not to be in this championship," he added.
"Of course, if you have two or three extra months to develop a car, we would use them until the last minute," Steiner said.
"But if the information about Halo is shared simultaneously with all the teams, then everything is fine. In any case, we cannot change it."
Dartmouth, NS ( webnewswire.com ) July 4, 2018 – Hayden Agencies is a one-stop shop for people looking for used cars in Halifax. They have been offering a wide range of vehicles, including SUVs, trucks, coupes, hatchbacks, sedans, and ATVs, for more than thirty years. The used car dealer has recently announced a slew of discounts, including cash back offers, referral credits, and discounts for select customers.
Potential customers can now get up to $500 off on car loans upon introducing a co-signer. They also get a $500 discount with a friend or family referral to Hayden Agencies. “Students, Department of National Defence Employees, and people who are new to the country get up to a $1000 discount. This discount also extends to people working for Irving,” says a spokesperson for Hayden Agencies.
The Halifax used Cars company is perfect for people with poor credit or those with zero credit history. Besides offering easy financing options, the company also provides a credit rebuilding program exclusively for their customers. Potential buyers looking for a car loan can fill in the online form and get approved within minutes.
Among other benefits offered by Hayden Agencies, includes free delivery anywhere in Canada and a free detailing before the handover. “We'll offer a full tank on approval and offer a clean MVI. All vehicles sold at the Hayden Agencies go through a 180-point inspection guaranteed to ensure customers that their cars are worth the money and effort,” he adds.
Hayden Agencies sells a wide range of brands, including Chevrolet, Toyota, Kia, Mazda, BMW, Honda, and Hyundai in Halifax.
About Hayden Agencies:
Hayden Agencies is one of the best and the most popular used car dealerships in Halifax. They also offer easy credit options for people with bad credit and no credit situations.
For more information, visit https://haydenagencies.com
###
0:32 Storm scenes from Pismo Beach Pause
1:24 Gun dealer describes confusion, complexity in California's new gun laws
1:36 2016's worst red-light runners
1:33 How to grill ribs: Tips from The Rib Line's kitchen
1:07 The holidays are at home with the Fortinis
2:43 Take a look inside the historic Atascadero Printery building
1:07 California still working on getting young voters to cast ballots
2:48 Former Sacramento sex worker talks about life on the street
1:28 California Republicans get sweaty for dog safety
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Gareth Southgate has admitted that he'll be keeping an eye on Conor Coady in the Premier League - and if the Wolves sweeper can continue his sparkling form there could be an England call up on the cards.
Coady has been something of an unsung hero this season as Wanderers stormed to the Championship title - unless you're a fan who appreciates his work week in, week out.
Nuno Espirito Santo has fashioned the Scouser into a player who sits in between Willy Boly and Ryan Bennett (or Danny Batth) and it's a role Coady has taken to with aplomb.
His efforts were also recognised when he was named in the division's team of the year recently, along with teammates John Ruddy and Ruben Neves.
Now England manager Southgate has confirmed he'd be open to calling the former Huddersfield man up to the national side if he can prove his worth at Molineux in the top flight.
The England gaffer believes Coady has an attitude that matches what he looks for when he names his squads.
“All the signs this year have been really good for him. I met Conor a number of times before I was working with the under-21s,” Southgate told the Daily Mirror.
“I was head of elite development and Conor was part of our junior teams and I remember when he was at Liverpool he won an award.
“His personality and his character is outstanding.
“He is certainly someone that, mentality-wise, fits into the way we like to work.
“The challenge now for him is to step up to the Premier League and to be able to continue to play as he has for Wolves this year at the next level.”
Keep it up!
Wolves star Conor Coady hopes that the Wolves success will carry on for years to come.
The defender has been at the heart of the Molineux revival this season and has adapted to his new sweeper role in impressive fashion.
The club is looking forward to welcoming Sheffield Wednesday at the weekend, knowing that post match they will be holding aloft the Championship trophy.
Coady hopes that this is just the start of the success at the club as they look forward to next season in the top-flight.
"We're in a lovely position and I always enjoy playing football but you've always got that pressure on your shoulders that you've got to go out and perform.
“We've got to where we wanted to be, so we can go and enjoy it now.
“We're looking forward to next season - we're enjoying the moment that we're in now because it's no mean feat getting promoted from the Championship with it being such a tough division,” Coady continued.
“To do it the way we have, is excellent! I always had belief in this club that it was going to move forward. There's a great infrastructure in place now from top to bottom.
“Hopefully that continues for many years, we've got some fantastic players, we've got a fantastic manager who plays the right way and wants to do it the right way and I'm hoping that it will go on for many years at this football club.”
A member of the Mormon Tabernacle Choir has resigned because of the group's decision to perform at Donald Trump's inauguration.
The singer, Jan Chamberlin, shared her resignation letter Thursday on Facebook, explaining that she felt “betrayed” and that she “simply cannot continue with the recent turn of events.”
“Since ‘the announcement,' I have spent several sleepless nights and days in turmoil and agony,” wrote Chamberlin. “I have reflected carefully on both sides of the issue, prayed a lot, talked with…
LOS ANGELES (AP) — A woman on Monday said she was a 17-year-old model and aspiring actress when Steven Seagal sexually assaulted her at a supposed casting session at a Beverly Hills hotel room in 2002.
Faviola Dadis was emotional but composed as she spoke at a news conference in Los Angeles, becoming the latest of several women to accuse the action star of sexual misconduct.
Dadis said Seagal reached under her bikini top, grabbed her nipples and then grabbed her genitals soon after the audition began. She said she promptly ended the audition and left deeply shaken.
"I have suffered from depression, anxiety and post-traumatic stress, have found it difficult to form trusting relationships with men," Dadis said through tears as she read from a written statement.
Advertisement
She recently filed a report with police, and Los Angeles prosecutors said Monday that her case is under review.
Seagal's attorney Anthony Falangetti did not immediately return a message seeking comment.
Dadis, now a 33-year-old doctoral candidate in clinical neuroscience, said she had recently moved to the U.S. from the Netherlands when a music producer introduced her to Seagal. After several phone calls and text messages, Seagal invited Dadis to a hotel room in Beverly Hills for the late-night casting session for a film he planned to make about Genghis Khan, Dadis said.
Dadis brought a family friend because her mother was suspicious, but the person stayed in the lobby and she ended up in a room with only Seagal and his personal security guard.
Seagal had told her to wear a bikini or bra and panties under her clothes, and had her walk around the room in the bikini before saying he wanted to test their chemistry together and started touching her, Dadis said.
"Steven sat there calmly as if nothing had happened while I was noticeably upset and terrified by the experience," she said. "I left feeling horrified and totally violated."
She said she told friends after about a month, but did not go to authorities at the time because she feared being blacklisted in the entertainment industry. She said Seagal later called her, but she never accepted the calls.
Dadis said she was inspired by the recent wave of reports of sexual misconduct by men in the entertainment industry, and was spurred to come forward especially by actress Portia de Rossi saying Seagal once unzipped his pants during an audition with her.
Dadis spoke at the news conference alongside her attorney, Lisa Bloom, and another woman, Regina Simons, who said Seagal sexually assaulted her in 1995 when she was 18, allegations she previously made on NBC's "Megyn Kelly Today" in January.
Actress Jenny McCarthy has also said Seagal sexually harassed her at an audition in 1995.
After her interview with McCarthy, Seagal said on his Facebook page that he had never met Simons and her story was fabricated, and he has denied the allegations of the other actresses.
Bloom said there are no immediate plans for lawsuits.
New Taoiseach Leo Varadkar has failed to emulate politicians he admires such as Emmanuel Macron and Justin Trudeau who have prioritised women at Cabinet level, women's groups have said.
The French president named a gender-balanced cabinet last month, while the Canadian premier created Canada's first cabinet with an equal number of men and women in 2015.
Orla O'Connor, director of the National Women's Council of Ireland, said: “We're disappointed he didn't appoint more women. We hope when he's appointing junior ministers he will redress the balance.”
However, she said her organisation welcomed Mr Varadkar's expressed commitment to equality.
The Cabinet has four women, the same number as the outgoing Cabinet, which also had a female attorney-general.
Máire Whelan has been appointed to the Court of Appeal and Seamus Woulfe is the new Attorney-General.
Frances Fitzgerald remains on as Tánaiste but is now Minister for Enterprise and Innovation rather than Justice.
Cambria Reds Anhase Martin, Michael Sison and Emi Pena enjoy a victory moment after making major contributions to the Coast All-Stars' doubleheader wins over the Atascadero All-Stars in Los Osos on Saturday, June 10. Erin Martin
FLORIDA CITY, Fla. - Miami-Dade police are responding to the scene of a fatal police-involved shooting in Florida City, authorities said.
The shooting was reported in the area of 1405 NW Second Ave.
Miami-Dade police spokesman Alvaro Zabaleta said the shooting involved an officer with the Florida City Police Department.
Authorities later confirmed that a man had been fatally shot by the officer.
No other details were immediately released.
Watch Local 10 News or refresh this page for updates.
Copyright 2018 by WPLG Local10.com - All rights reserved.
FORT LAUDERDALE, Fla. - Broward County commissioners honored three 911 dispatchers Tuesday for their calm response to emergency situations.
As first responders hit the road and race to an emergency scene, 911 dispatchers are already on the phone, playing a crucial role by comforting and coaching callers in crisis.
Just ask Jillian Burstein, who guided a pregnant woman whose water broke at 38 weeks while she was home alone with her two small children.
"When you're done with the call, you just kind of take a deep breath and say, 'OK, that actually just happened. This baby just came into this world and that mom is the real hero, because she did this all by herself,'" Burstein said.
Among the most memorable call was one about the deadly mass shooting in Terminal 2 at Fort Lauderdale-Hollywood International Airport last year.
"When the first officer came across saying shots fired, your heart kind of stops for a second and then training kicked in," Rosetta Newton, of Sunrise, said.
"Definitely, palms sweating, a little bit of shortness of breath and you're talking on the air, trying to get the updates out because you know how important they are," Broward Sheriff's Office regional 911 dispatcher James Moser said.
In the 15 months since the shooting, the 911 dispatchers say that day is still very much heavy in their minds. But on Tuesday, they were being honored for remaining calm and poised through such a tragic scenario.
The Broward County Commission acknowledged the three special dispatchers with the Tom Gallagher Memorial Public Service Award.
Newton, Moser and Burstein may all work in different offices, but their roles and brave actions on those traumatic days are the same.
"It's very gratifying," Moser said. "We didn't get into this line of work to get an award or any type of thing like that. We really do it to make a difference in the outcome of the people that call."
Copyright 2018 by WPLG Local10.com - All rights reserved.
Index Markets Research provides statistical analysis on Global Plastic Granules Market provides a basic overview of the industry including its definition, applications and manufacturing technology. The report covers business strategists like major drivers, dynamics, share, segmentation, revenue forecasts, effective growth for the key players and facilitate better decision-making. The report offers the estimations of size of the market and analysis of the trend based on the pipeline of the Plastic Granules market. The Key Players mentioned in the report are Dar Al Khaleej Plastics, Nahata Plastics, Vanshika Plastic Industry, Balaji Plastic, Navkar Industries, Shakti Plastic Industries, Shakti Plastic Industries, Wiwat Plastic. This report provides a competitive scenario, with a purpose of enlightening new entrants about the possibilities in this Plastic Granules Market.
Get a Sample Copy @ https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-plastic-granules-market/10341/#requestforsample
The report offers a crucial opinion relating to the global Plastic Granules market by discussing of its segmentation Commercial, Government, Personal. The sectors have been reviewed in terms of present as well as future trends. The analysis of geographical segmentation incorporates the estimated and present requirements from these regions. The study also offers the need associated to the different end-use sectors and separate goods in all of the geographical sectors of the market. The report also analyses the Plastic Granules market in terms of volume [k MT] and revenue [Million USD].
The Plastic Granules Market report gives detailed overview of terms and terminologies, applications, and classifications that are used in the context of market. It provides insights into the manufacturing cost structure and calculated as an aggregate of raw material costs, equipment costs, labor costs, and other costs. In terms of a technical consideration, the report discusses the production capacity of major manufacturers of Plastic Granules. This is estimated on circumstances such as the number of production plants, R&D status, raw material sources, and technology used by these manufacturers in 2018.
This report is segmented into several key Regions such as North America, China, Europe, Southeast Asia, Japan & India, with production, consumption, revenue (million USD), and market share and growth rate of Plastic Granules in these regions, from 2012 to 2022 (forecast).
On the basis of Product Type, this report displays the production, revenue, price, market share and growth rate of each type, primarily split into : PP, HDPE, PPCP, LLDPE, LDPE, Others.
On the basis on the end users/applications, Market report focuses on the status and outlook for major applications/end users, sales volume, market share and growth rate for each application, including : Plastic products, Clothing, Others.
Key Highlights Of The Plastic Granules Market Report:
1) A complete framework analysis, including an assessment of the parent market.
2) The study of emerging market segments and the existing market segments will help the readers in planning the business strategies.
3) Market Dynamics(Industry News, Development Challenges & Opportunities).
4) A Clear understanding of the market supported growth, constraints, opportunities, practicableness study.
5) Historical, present, and prospective size of the market from the perspective of both value and volume.
6) Market shares and strategies of leading players.
7) Recommendations to companies to substantiate their foothold in the market.
Inquiry for Buying Report @ https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-plastic-granules-market/10341/#inquiry
In the end, the report includes Plastic Granules new project SWOT analysis, investment practicalness analysis, investment come analysis, and Development Trend Analysis. The key rising opportunities of the fastest growing international Plastic Granules market segments are coated throughout this report. This report additionally presents product specification, producing method, and products cost structure. Production is separated by regions, technology and applications. The Plastic Granules industry data source, appendix, research findings and the conclusion.
About Us
Index Markets Research conduct market research and publish reports. You can find more than 35,000 research reports in our web store, which covers global industry and the regional markets. All the worldwide marketing data you need is at your fingertips.
Contact Us
Mark Irwin
Sales Manager
Email Id : sales@indexmarketsresearch.com
Phone: +1 202 888 3519
Web: https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/
Austin, Texas; 13, June 2017: United States has recorded emergency locksmith cases every year where millions of people happen to be locked out of their cars. A lot more lock themselves out but fail to call for an emergency locksmith services which only means the number is higher than the record shows. Most cases are reported to have a pet or a child involved where the worst possible scenario is death.
Henry's Locksmith in Austin announced today that they will now be offering free emergency locksmith services when children or pets are locked inside of a vehicle. A 2015 study indicated that 44 kids in America died from heatstroke having been left for long in a car unattended. In 2016, the cases reduced to 30 but Henry's Lock and Key still thinks that number is uncalled for.
Over the years, the average number of children who have died from being locked out in a vehicle has left a trail of tragic cases. Parents happen to forget their kids in the car mostly because they are in a hurry. Suppose you are heading to work and have to grab something. You leave your keys in the ignition rush out only to come back to a locked car. Without a way to pull your child out, you will need to call for emergency automotive locksmith services and to save your child immediately.
Henry, the owner of Henry's Lock and Key made a statement to press by saying, “These are terrible deaths, heatstroke kills slowly and painfully. Because of this we will be offering a no cost 24/7 emergency car lockout to every car owner in Austin that calls in these particular situations. The service is for anyone with a child/pet locked inside their vehicle”.
The owner of Henry's Lock and Key continued by saying, “We are shocked at the news report of kids dying of heatstroke after being locked in a car. Therefore, our team are determined to eliminate such tragedies in Austin”.
The company is family-owned providing several locksmith services; automotive, commercial, emergency, and residential services. They also deal with rekeying homes and businesses, home security consultation, car key replacements, and installation of home security systems. Visit their website at www.automotivelocksmithaustin.com for more information. They are licensed by the city of Austin and also insured.
For Media Contact:
Person Name: Henry Haim
Company: Henry's Lock & Key
Phone: 512-400-0004
Email: hlkaustin@yahoo.com
Website: http://www.automotivelocksmithaustin.com/
Tobin's and the West Albany neighborhood
For nearly a century, the Tobin's First Prize plant has dominated the West Albany neighborhood – at one time employing some 1,600, and now a hulking, largely vacant crumbling eyesore sitting on one of the most logistically attractive properties in the Capital District.
There have been a number of ideas for the 32-acre site located within 15 minutes of nearly everything of import. Walmart wanted to build a distribution center. One developer wanted to build a hotel. Another eyed it for a Casino and another had visions of sporting goods giant Cabela's. Others saw a Whole Foods, a county nursing home, a Lowe's …
All fell by the wayside for one reason or another, not in the least being the cost to demolish the existing structure, which one report pinned at $1.5 million.
This time around, though, the neighborhood, once full of proud, mostly Italian immigrants making a decent buck at the plant, has high hopes.
“West Albany is a diverse community,” said the owner of Recycled Salon, David Belschwinder, who started the group West Albany Strong. “But neighbors of Tobin's First Prize have this in common: We all want to see something happen at the site. It's been an eyesore for decades. This time I'm giving it an 80 percent chance.”
Technically, West Albany is a Town of Colonie hamlet, but for all practical purposes, including the most recent plan to develop Tobin's, it straddles the Albany city line. As such, Richbell Capital is looking to take advantage of a little used state law that's been on the books since at least 1993 allowing the creation of an overlay district – or a quasi-governmental body to oversee and shepherd through projects that straddle more than one municipality.
The concept reeks of common sense, but to establish an overlay district is still, at best, three months out, said Bill Hoblock, executive vice president at the Saratoga-based Richbell.
While it is unchartered territory in the Capital District, Hoblock said the most likely scenario is the Albany Common Council and the Colonie Town Board will refer the request to create the “Frist Prize Overlay District” to their respective Planning Boards.
If they like it, the Planning Boards will kick it back to the legislative bodies to formally approve the zoning district and appoint a five-member Planning Board specifically and exclusively for the project. Each municipality will appoint two members, with the fifth seat an agreed upon choice.
That process could start as soon as this month or early March, Hoblock said.
“Once the overlay is in place, we know we have a viable project,” he said. “Right now we don't have a project.”
The project
What sets it apart from the others is two-fold. One, it's the first time a mixed use idea of commercial and residential has been proposed; and two, it's the first time an overlay district between two municipalities has been tried in the Capital District.
“Everyone who has ever looked at it knew they would have to go through two municipalities, and everyone knows it's tough enough in this state with just one municipality,” Hoblock said.
As it stands right now, on paper, there will be residential housing constructed over commercial businesses like restaurants, shops and entertainment venues to make a “pedestrian friendly, walkable community that incorporates all elements of a live/work/play atmosphere.”
Since it's in its infancy, what the final product will look like – and even the size – is still very much up in the air but it will likely be built in phases. Once the overlay district is approved, Hoblock said, then Richbell will hire architects and engineers and figure out the nuts and bolts.
The second step is to get a PILOT agreement with Albany County Industrial Development Authority. Hoblock makes no qualms about needing public assistance to compliment private investment and Albany County, he said, makes more sense than going through the IDA of either municipality because the county is the only entity that controls the entire parcel of land.
“The project only happens with government assistance. The (brownfield) cleanup and demolition costs are massive. Just to get the site shovel ready means a tremendous amount of resources,” he said. “Basically, we are looking at all the different avenues available to get local, state and federal funding for the project.”
An encouraging note to secure funding for Richbell, he said, is the Tobin redevelopment was labeled a “catalyst project” as part of the Capital District's application to the state's Upstate Revitalization Initiative – a pot of money handed out to different regions around the state on a competitive basis. It's also known, ironically in this case considering what Tobin's made at the plant, as “The Hunger Games.”
The best case scenario is to get the overlay district approved this spring. That kick starts funding, which kick starts the brownfield cleanup and demolition and then on to site plan review and, ultimately, construction.
“Nothing is going to get built there overnight,” Hoblock said.
Tobin's and West Albany
Larry Spinosa used to shop at Tobin's in the 70s, picking up meat for his family, and remembers a good number of people in the neighborhood working at Tobin's back in the day.
He has seen other projects coming and going over the years, but this one, he said, just feels different.
“I think the joint project with Albany and Colonie is the the best way to go about it,” he said while shoveling his Exchange Street front porch. “I also think everyone wants to see something happen. Officials, the people who live around here and even people who drive by on the highway want so see something done with it. It's been an eyesore way too long. It's been there way to long.”
The city has already renovated the I-90 Everett Road exit and other business – a medical arts building, professional office buildings, a thriving industrial park and a smattering of unique boutique businesses like Recycled Salon have too set up shop in the area that is 15 minutes from downtown Albany, the NanoTech complex, the train station, the airport and a host of colleges and universities.
Tobin's though is the big enchilada, and could again define the entire neighborhood, just as it did when it opened 1924 until It closed 57 years later.
The parcel, from Everett Road to the Colonie Pocket Park, has since sat largely vacant, with a few tenants still using the east side of the building. In 1984, the Albany County IDA purchased the property from the federal government for $150,000, and four years later began leasing it to a group of local businessmen called Exchange Street Associates for about $108,000 a year. In 2015, the limited liability company took ownership of the property and, if everything goes as planned, will sell it to Richbell.
Hoblock said Richbell has done all the types of development planned for the site, – residential, business and hospitality – just in different pieces. The company boasts on its website “affiliate companies” like The Greenwich Group with $30 billion in capital transactions, and Terra Capital Partners, which says it has invested $9 billion in 22 million square feet of property.
“When you work with the company that has the wherewithal this company does, and see the projects that have brought to fruition, you believe in them, you see them and you say ‘these guys have the capacity of pulling it off,'” said Joe LaCavita, director of planning and economic development for the Town of Colonie. “It really could change the whole look and feel of that area.”
Chris Spencer, the planning director in the City of Albany, said a number of details will have to be worked out such as what school
district children living in the new development will attend, and who will answer emergency calls. But, he is confident all will be worked out.
“This is a great project, it's a great fit for both Albany and Colonie,” he said. “It's a good reuse of the site and blends well into the neighborhood.”
While it is going to take some time, neighbors are, by and large, being patient.
Walt Brown has lived on Exchange Street for 43 years and waged a successful war to stop the storage of recreational vehicles across the street from his house on vacant land between the Tobin's building and the pocket park's ball fields.
“They never really announced anything before,” he said, giving this latest attempt a 50-50 chance. “They were saying a Walmart wanted to come in but, of course, everyone fought that tooth and nail. It would be fantastic for the neighborhood. Get rid of that derelict building and get something decent in there. It would be fantastic.”
Belschwinder, while cutting hair in his Sand Creek Road shop about two blocks North of the Tobin's plant, said the neighborhood is more receptive to smaller businesses that take a more personable approach to commerce and give a neighborhood some character.
“This is a problem I've had with West Albany Strong. We aren't Colonie and we aren't Albany,” he said. “We are still looking for our identity and I'm hoping this thing will put us on the map. Some unique places where people can go to a deli and get a good sandwich or get a haircut or open a cool business other than Latham or Wolf Road.”
Share this: Email
Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn
Reddit
Google
Like this: Like Loading...
Related
Comment on this Story
Florida Panthers goaltender Roberto Luongo 1) makes a save against the Montreal Canadiens during third-period NHL hockey game action in Montreal, Monday, March 19, 2018.
The Chamber of Mines of Zimbabwe (COMZ) has predicted that the country's mining sector will grow by 10% this year, as the country targets $3.7 billion from mineral exploits over the same period.
The Chamber held its annual general meeting last week in Victoria Falls, where President Batirai Manhando reported that ten out of 14 minerals recorded increased volumes in the first quarter of this year, compared with the same period last year. The country's mining sector was also reported to have grown by 8.5% overall last year.
“Notable increases are in gold, up 53%, coal 46%, nickel 18%, and cobalt, 13%,” said Manhando, who also explained that a price recovery in gold, nickel and chrome had contributed to the overall growth of the sector.
While capacity utilisation increased from 65% to 71% from 2016 to 2017, particularly improving the mining of chrome, coal and diamonds, Manhando still considers there to be inefficiencies and financial confusion within Zimbabwean mining.
For instance, the government imposes non-tax-deductible royalties on mined minerals, such as a 15% tax of the value of diamonds and 5% of the value of gold, which restricts growth in the sector. Furthermore, the high costs of the country's mining infrastructure – from high electricity prices to expensive materials, undermine profits.
The mining sector is expected to grow to be an $11 billion industry by 2022, and an $18 billion industry by 2030, but this development could be undercut in the short term. The COMZ originally predicted that the industry would need an investment of $7 billion over the next five years to maintain existing operations, but this figure was revised to $11 billion at the meeting.
“Our quest is for the government to provide a stable, competitive and optimal fiscal framework for the mining industry and simplify the fiscal regime from the high multiplicity of tax heads, tax regulatory instruments and collecting agents to a few tax heads, instruments and agents in order to reduce the burden of compliance,” said Manhando.
Worried about incurring excess baggage fees before a flight?
Then why not wear your luggage instead of checking it in?
A new coat dubbed the 'Airport Jacket' is being billed by the designers as the answer to your excess baggage woes, because it has 14 deep pockets in which you can carry 15kg worth of items, the Daily Mail reported.
The coat can be worn three ways, including hip length and full length, with the manufacturer, Juice Promotions Australia, claiming that it allows you to "beat the baggage queues, escape excess baggage fees and eliminate lost luggage".
Juice Promotions Australia said: "It totals 14 deep pockets, including eight pockets at hip length, 11 pockets at three-quarter length and 14 pockets at full length. It includes two detachable pocket panels, and a carry-on size duffle bag.
"When worn at full length the Airport Jacket is capable of concealing approximately two laptops, an iPad, two pairs of shoes, a pair of jeans, five T-shirts, a jumper and a camera.
"Wearers need simply slide their luggage into the jacket pockets when checking in and boarding the flight, and once safely off the plane the jacket can easily be unzipped and transformed into a duffle bag capable of holding both the jacket plus all items in the pockets."
Continued below.
Related Content Finding love in Rome with a new dating app for solo travellers 'You Tanzanians complain a lot about hunger': Joke lands tour guide in jail Lithuania tourism boss resigns after using photos of other countries in ad campaign
Product designer Andy Benke said: "Essentially this coat would allow you to carry onboard everything you would need for an overnight or long weekend stay without worrying about your luggage getting lost or paying excessive baggage fees.
"It also saves time in that there is no need to collect checked-in baggage. Perfect for the business executive, mums on-the-go or anyone in a rush."
The idea first emerged when designers Benke and Claire Murphy, partners in both business and parenting, were travelling home from Hobart Airport with a newborn child.
Murphy said: "We had so much extra carry-on luggage because of our baby that the airline tried to charge us $140 - more than the cost of our flight! We started jamming clothes, computer chargers, nappies and toys into my pockets until we were right on the weight limit, but everything was spilling out of my pockets and the journey was pretty uncomfortable.
"We thought - wow, there is definitely a massive need for a better solution than this. And so The Airport Jacket concept was born."
Benke told MailOnline Travel that travelling around with the jacket has been 'seamless'.
He said: "As long as you stick within guidelines around what type of luggage you can take on board, there is not an issue. This has been a practical idea designed for all the low-fare economy travellers who pile on clothes and stuff in as many gadgets and items in their pockets as possible to minimise excess baggage costs.
"With airlines beginning to charge for overhead carry-on baggage and other low fare airlines severely restricting baggage allowances for the low fare economy traveler, we feel this is a stylish solution for frustrated travellers who cannot pay for all the additional costs. The experience of travelling with an Airport Jacket has saved us a lot of money."
Some passengers have raised concerns that the coat will attract attention from security officers, but Benke said that passing through checkpoints is not an issue.
He added: "Walking though airport security is not an issue. The Airport Jacket only needs to be worn when checking in and at the boarding gate.
"When passing airport security, items that need to be taken out of the Airport Jacket are usually a laptop and electronics, which you can easily pull out. Airport security are not looking at how you store your luggage, they are checking the contents of your luggage so we have not experienced an issue as long as you follow guidelines for carry-on luggage."
Benke and Murphy are currently seeking funding for putting the coat into production on Kickstarter.
- Daily Mail
One referee notorious in the eyes of New Zealand rugby fans has been replaced by another for the opening Bledisloe Cup Test.
England whistler Wayne Barnes will control the Test in Sydney on Saturday, replacing Jerome Garces.
Frenchman Garces suffered a calf injury while officiating a pre-season French club rugby match and hasn't flown to Australia.
Welshman Nigel Owens takes over from Barnes as the assistant referee.
Advertisement
Barnes was scheduled to control the second Bledisloe Cup Test in Dunedin next week but will now be an assistant, with Owens handed the whistle.
Garces was at the heart of the two biggest rulings in the drawn series between the All Blacks and the British and Irish Lions.
He sent off New Zealand back Sonny Bill Williams in the second Test, which the Lions won, before seemingly being the key figure in a contentious late ruling in the drawn third Test in Auckland.
Referee Romain Poite appeared to act on Garces' advice when he ruled Lions hooker Ken Owens was accidentally offside, turning a kickable penalty to New Zealand into a scrum ruling.
Barnes' moment of Kiwi infamy came a decade ago when he allowed a French try which appeared to feature a forward pass in their World Cup quarter-final defeat of the All Blacks in Cardiff.
SoftBank to acquire Fortress Investment Group for $3.3bn
Financial Times
Already a subscriber? Sign in here
By Hayden Wright
A trailer has been released for the next sequence of Carpool Karaoke videos, and the lineup is stellar. The CBS late-night segment will stream on Apple Music in a similar format, but with new guests and even crazier moments behind the wheel. The concept, which has broken YouTube records and dominated social media, remains as simple and delightful as ever. Only this time, a rotating cast of celebrities will replace James Corden.
Related: Adele's ‘Carpool Karaoke' is the Most Popular Viral Video of 2016
Here are the moments we're most excited for:
Metallica making their headbanging mark on Rihanna's “Diamonds” with Billy Eichner.
John Legend duetting on with Alicia Keys on her breakout hit, “Falling.”
Ariana Grande belting the Little Shop of Horrors soundtrack with Seth MacFarlane.
James Corden's return with Will Smith — they rap the Fresh Prince theme!
Chelsea Handler slinging whiskey and singing Bon Jovi's “Living on a Prayer” with Blake Shelton.
Corden also presides over an epic, R. Kelly-inspired key change for the Carpool Karaoke franchise — there's a helicopter.
A new installment will drop on Apple Music each week and the premiere is “coming soon.”
Watch the preview here:
RTA, in collaboration with the Chinese EHANG Company, announced that it had carried out the first test run of
RTA, in collaboration with the Chinese EHANG Company, announced that it had carried out the first test run of Image Credit: RTA
Dubai: The world's first pilotless aerial vehicle (AAV) aircraft capable of carrying passengers is set to fly across Dubai as early as July, the city's transport body announced on Monday.
Electrically powered by eight propellers, the aircraft, commonly referred to as an Autonomous Aerial Vehicle (AAV) has already undergone test flights, according to the Roads and Transport Authority (RTA).
Developed in collaboration with a Chinese drone maker, EHANG, the aircraft, called EHANG184, can carry a passenger for up to 30 minutes in the air.
Gain access to global coverage from local journalists on the ground in 50+ countries working around the clock to break news, analyze, spot risks and opportunities.
Join over 300,000 Finance professionals who already subscribe to the FT.
An image grab taken from video footage made available on the Russian Defence Ministry's official website on February 13, 2017, reportedly shows destruction to the Roman amphitheatre monumnent in Palmyra, Syria. Russia's military on Monday released drone footage showing more destruction of treasured monuments by the Islamic State in Syria's Palmyra since jihadists recaptured the UNESCO World Heritage Site late last year. The black-and-white video dated February 5 shows part of the Roman amphitheatre reduced to rubble and the tetrapylon, a 16-columned structure that marked one end of the ancient city's colonnade, wiped out.
Moscow: Russia released drone footage Monday showing new destruction in Syria's historic town of Palmyra, which was recently recaptured by Daesh, and warned that the militants could be planning the further demolition of antiquities.
The Russian Defense Ministry says Syrian government forces are advancing toward the town as another battle for the ancient site looms.
The video showed that the militants have badly damaged the facade of the Roman-era amphitheatre and the Tetrapylon - a set of four monuments with four columns each at the centre of the colonnaded road leading to the theatre.
The video appears to show that only two of the 16 columns remain standing.
Daesh militants have destroyed ancient sites across Syria and Iraq, perceiving them as monuments to idolatry.
Palmyra, a UNESCO world heritage site that once linked Persia, India and China with the Roman Empire and the Meditreranean, has already seen destruction at the hands of Daesh.
The ancient town first fell to Daesh militants in May 2015, when they held it for 10 months. During that time, the extremists destroyed ancient temples and eventually emptied the town of most of its residents, causing an international outcry.
The extremists were eventually driven out by Russian and Syrian government forces, but they seized the town again in December.
Russia's Defense Ministry said in a statement Monday that Syrian government troops advancing toward the city are about 20 kilometres away. It said Russian warplanes last week carried out more than 90 sorties to provide air cover for the offensive.
It added that some 200 Daesh militants have been killed and that Syrian forces destroyed 180 “infrastructure objects” and 15 ammunition depots.
The drone footage, which the Russian Defense Ministry said was filmed earlier this month, showed a central section of Palmyra's theatre lying in ruins.
The ministry said its drones also recorded significant truck movements in the area around the archaeological site, which could mean that Daesh is bringing explosives to the site.
Maamoun Abdul Karim, the head of Syria's antiquities department, said last month that reports of the recent destruction first trickled out in late December. Satellite images surfaced in January.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A charity which made unauthorised payments and failed to keep proper records of decision-making is the first to have received an official warning from the Charity Commission.
The Derbyshire-based National Hereditary Breast Cancer Helpline was set up by Wendy Watson in 1996 after she underwent a pre-emptive double mastectomy four years earlier, when she was 37.
The procedure became more well-known after Hollywood actress and humanitarian Angelina Jolie had the operation to reduce her risk of developing breast cancer.
Figures from the accounts show that in 2014/15 the charity's total expenses were £909,634 - of which only 3%, or £27,403, was listed as being spent on "charitable activities", with £874,539 set down as "fundraising expenses and other costs".
The following financial year, total expenses were £947,824, of which £929,975 was spent on charitable activities.
The accounts also show the charity owed Mrs Watson £62,000 after she gave the money in an unsecured loan - with trustees approving a repayment of £30,000.
The figures from 2015/16 show her daughter was paid £17,849 in salary and expenses during the year for work as a fundraiser.
The Charity Commission said the cause's trustees "committed a breach of trust or duty" after "making unauthorised payments to a connected person" and "entering into an informal loan agreement with a connected person".
Mrs Watson resigned as a trustee in October 2016, according to a report, but the watchdog said the charity allowed the former chairwoman to "make key decisions about the operation of the charity, despite having resigned".
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
It added: "Given the nature and seriousness of the issues, the trustees were given a chance to resolve them but failed to fully comply with the action plan to do so, the commission concluded it was appropriate and proportionate to issue the charity with an official warning to promote compliance.
"The warning specifies the actions the commission considers the charity needs to take to resolve the outstanding and prevent further breaches."
These include ensuring that any payments to individuals are made lawfully and that consent from the watchdog is obtained if needed.
/ Front page / News
+ Enlarge this image WWF-Pacific's conservation director Francis Areki. Picture: FILE
UNSUSTAINABLE agricultural practices and improper waste disposal are major contributors to the decline in freshwater mussels in the Ba River.
World Wide Fund-Pacific's conservation director Francis Areki said kai (mussels) in the Ba River continued to migrate upstream, away from the debris.
The migration is also propelled by climate change, as kai migrate in search for a cooler habitat.
In a workshop themed "healthy rivers are vital to healthy oceans", WWF-Pacific noted an increasing number of women who collect kai on a regular basis express worrying remarks over its decline.
Aseri Toga of Soweri settlement in Ba said there were those who used fertilisers on farms alongside the river which runoff into the stream affecting marine species.
"People need to stop polluting the Ba River, stop dumping their rubbish in it and it's important to look after the health of the river," she said.
"Most of our women and young men fish for kai to support our husbands and young families who all work at the Fiji Sugar Corporation. Fishing for kai is an additional income earner for our families. Kai is also caught not only to sell but also for our community functions."
Torika Senileba of Nailaga Village said kai caught nowadays was much smaller.
"I have been fishing for kai since the 1970s," she said.
"Nowadays very seldom do I fish for kai. The women today are mostly catching small sizes. It is very hard to find the larger size kai. We used to catch one 50kg bag filled with large sized kai back in the '70s and '80s. Nowadays, the kai fishers usually fill a 25kg bag with small size kai."
Mr Areki said proper planning and assistance would be needed for those who depend on the river to source kai for subsistence and to earn income.
"The women are quite aware of the issues that are happening in the Ba River," he said.
"I think they need to set out a plan on how to fix some of the problems. It is also obvious the kai is moving upstream, so there is a need for plans to be in place to assist them. Hopefully we can promote it through the Healthy Rivers campaign.
"One of the recommendations was to have a tabu placed as well as waste management processes to reduce the amount of waste going into the river in addition to a replanting program along the riverbank to reduce soil erosion and strengthen the buffer strips."
Subscribe to FT.com
Subscribe to read: ‘Zero evidence' Moscow influenced US poll, says Trump press chief
Already a subscriber? Sign in here
Egyptian players, Omar Assar and Dina Meshref emerged winners of the 2017 ITTF Challenge Nigeria Open concluded yesterday at the Molade Okoya Thomas Indoor Sports Hall, Teslim Balogun Stadium, Lagos.
Assar beat surprise finalist, Sarthak Gandhi of India in the final (11-6, 13-11, 11-6, 11-8).
It was Omar Assar's third success in the tournament and thus he maintained his unbeaten record at open international tournaments in Nigeria. Since the tournament joined the ITTF World Tour in 2014; in Lagos, he has never lost a Men's Singles match.
In the female category, Assar's compatriot, and winner of the ITTF Africa Cup in Agadir, Dina Meshref maintained the form displayed in the Moroccan city at the ITTF Challenge in Lagos.
The no.3 seed, in the final defeated Russia's Olga Kulikova, the no.4 seed, in straight games to secure the title (11-4, 16-14, 12-10, 11-6). IAAF World Championship: Nigeria fails to win a medal
Two million New Zealanders will be obese in 20 years time, new research reveals.
An Otago University report published today in the Australian and New Zealand Journal of Public Health showed the average Body Mass Index (BMI) of Kiwis increased from 26.4 in 1997 to 28.3 in 2015.
If the trend continued, New Zealand's average BMI would exceed the obesity threshold of 30 by the early 2030s.
In 2015, 1.1 million New Zealanders were considered clinically obese but by 2038 that could be two million.
Advertisement
The prevalence of obesity in New Zealand had already trebled to 30 per cent between 1977 and 2013, making it the third most obese nation.
Researchers Dr Ross Wilson and Professor Haxby Abbott from the University of Otago's Centre for Musculoskeletal Outcomes Research at the Dunedin School of Medicine said the Government needed to take action to address the situation.
"High BMI has now overtaken tobacco as the greatest contributor to health loss in New Zealand, which emphasises the public health importance of these findings," Wilson said.
Otago University researchers Dr Ross Wilson and Professor Haxby Abbott found two million New Zealanders will be obese by 2038. Photo / Supplied
The study also showed the BMI of Māori and Pasifika and those living in socially deprived neighbourhoods was increasing at a faster rate. In 20 years the average BMI of the Pasifika population was expected to exceed the general population by 7.1-8.1 - up from a difference of 6.4 in 2015.
The research, which used data from more than 76,000 adults, found the increase in BMI was down to factors including greater availability and consumption of high-energy, low-nutrient foods and lower levels of physical activity.
"These findings emphasise the need for effective public health measures to address the causes of the obesity epidemic," the authors said.
"Altering or mitigating these environmental influences is therefore crucial to slow or reverse projected increases in population obesity."
Obesity was a risk factor for many common health conditions, including diabetes, cardiovascular disease, osteoarthritis and cancer which contributed the loss of quality of life, early death and higher healthcare expenditure, the report said.
"High BMI is the greatest contributing risk factor to health loss in NZ. Healthcare costs associated with treating overweight- and obesity-related conditions in NZ were estimated to be NZ$624 million in 2006, representing 4.4 per cent of all healthcare spending."
The researchers suggested tobacco control could be a useful parallel for considering the importance of comprehensive reforms across a range of policy areas in halting the spread of a public health epidemic like obesity.
They suggested improving the relative affordability of healthy foods; restrictions on marketing of unhealthy foods; better nutritional labelling; more education; promotion of active modes of travel; and provision of facilities and space for physical recreation could all help stem the country's growing waistlines.
Roger Federer marked his long-awaited comeback from injury with a confident straight-sets victory over Dan Evans to help Switzerland defeat Great Britain in their Hopman Cup opener.
The 35-year-old Federer, representing his nation in the mixed team event that he first won back in 2001, needed only an hour and three minutes to dispatch Birmingham's Evans 6-3 6-4 in Perth.
Belinda Bencic then secured an unassailable 2-0 lead in the tie for the Swiss with a 7-5 3-6 6-2 victory over Heather Watson in the women's singles.
It was Federer's performance that grabbed the attention though, with the 17-time grand slam winner showing little sign of rust despite missing six months of action with knee and back problems.
He opened the singles showdown with an ace before breaking Evans in the sixth game of the first set.
The British number three effectively handed Federer the match by dropping his serve in the second-set opener and half an hour later, the former world number one had put one point on the board for Switzerland.
Federer, who received a standing ovation from spectators at the Perth Arena, said on www.hopmancup.com: “I'd like to live it again. I'm a little bit sad it's over, because it was so nice out there.
“I was actually quite emotional. I thought for a first match it was great, because my expectations were obviously quite low.”
Get Aston Villa FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
There's been plenty of reaction from fans surrounding the subject of Jack Grealish's future since Aston Villa's play-off final defeat to Fulham.
Here's what the fans had to say about stories focusing on the Villa midfielder:
On a potential rumoured move to Manchester United:
Rob Tomkins: "And so once again the vultures from Manchester, Merseyside and London start swooping."
Spencer Smith: "Crazy as the team needs building around him.. If we accept a bid for him then I think we will be fighting in the championship for a very long time."
Will Forrest: "If we have to sell him then bring him back on loan for a year, with an option of a second year if we get promoted. Hope he doesn't go. I'd wave the captaincy at him to get him to stay."
Adam Lane: "Hate to lose him but if he had to leave I'd say anywhere but United. With Mourinho in charge he wouldn't be the same player."
Marianne Mackenzie: "I won't believe anything until I see it on the Aston Villa website, losing the game was hard enough not going to start reading into speculation."
Peter Smith: "If he goes would be better off going to somewhere like Everton or West Ham give us 30 million plus Snodgrass or Rooney."
On Grealish's decision following defeat in the final:
June Sayce: "Build the team around Jack and go up next season as Champions. He is living all fans dream playing for the team he loves. Do whatever it takes to keep him. Simply he is our future."
Janet Lewis: "Jack has a great family background, he lives at home still with his Villa mad family who keep his feet on the ground. So hopefully he'll give us another season to achieve promotion, fingers crossed."
F rederick Ennis: "Rooney was a mad Everton fan but moving to Manchester Utd never did his career any harm and he was younger than Jack. It all depends on if he wants to retire rich or poor."
Roger Holder: "When England fail miserably again in Russia surely it is time to abandon this stupid idea that no player outside the Premier League is good enough. Or outside of London Manchester or Liverpool for that matter. Let's hope Jack stays and sets that trend."
Steven Irvine: "I hope he doesn't make that mistake of being lured away by money and a fickle promise of a national place. Yes he is def good enough for England but if he stays at the club he loves and supports he will have a team built round him and when we get up to the prem his dreams then will come true."
Andy Diskin: "Sack Bruce jack was the only one trying only one with creativity we need more plays like that. Terry, Snodgrass, and the rest of dads army need to go."
Kev O'Donoghue: "I would love to see him stay and a team properly built around him. Sadly i think he will go and more than likely, based on our recent transfer record, we will squander the money. Either way owes us nothing and has been a pleasure to watch."
On rumours that Terry and Grealish will both leave:
Wondwossen Y. Gebretsadik: "Can we get rid of both? If it was not for J. Grealish we could have won the game 2-1. He missed two goals from unbelievable distance. The worst Aston villa player ever."
On Grealish exit rumours:
Graham Davis: "As much as I want him to stay, we owe him the chance to play in the EPL, and play for England. He has far more natural talent than Delph, and he picked up a Premier League title and a trip to World Cup in Russia."
Simon Shingler: "If we had been able to play Jack all season we would have gone up automatically."
Wayne Lawrence: "One more season please Jack, couldn't blame you if you leave for one of the top six premier league clubs after that if we don't go up."
That United rumour
Jack Grealish has emerged as a shock transfer target for Manchester United.
The 22-year-old is Villa's prized asset and may be sold this summer following the failure to win promotion to the Premier League.
The Red Devils are expected to complete the signing of Fred in the coming weeks.
And now Old Trafford boss Jose Mourinho is turning his attention to Grealish.
According to The Sun, the Portuguese is an admirer of Grealish and could attempt to force through a move the former England Under-21 international.
Manchester United monitor Aston Villa's Jack Grealish - reports
Brazil midfielder Fred has revealed he is aware of strong interest from Manchester United.
The Premier League side have been linked with a £44million move for the Shakhtar Donetsk player.
The 25-year-old says the interest has come after United's rivals Manchester City also made enquiries earlier this year.
Fred is currently with his national team squad in Brazil preparing for this summer's World Cup in Russia.
Manchester United 'make first bid' for Serie A star - but PSG and Real Madrid could be tempted
Speaking at a press conference covered by Globo Esporte, Fred said: “The talks had been in progress since January with City. Soon after, City and United talked to Shakhtar and my agents.
“And now, if I'm not mistaken, there was news of a very strong bid from United.”
Manchester United make £96million bid for Lazio star Sergej Milinkovic‑Savic
Fred, however, says his immediate focus is on the World Cup and the matter will be dealt with by his representatives, who include former Arsenal midfielder Gilberto Silva.
He said: “As far as negotiations go, I am only (focused) on the World Cup. You just think about that, forget about other things. My agents are taking care of it.”
On the interest from the Manchester clubs, he said: “It is an honour to have the attention of the great coaches of Europe.”
Will the United move happen?
Anthony Jepson from the Manchester Evening News believes it to be an unrealistic target.
"The rumour - and it is just a rumour - that United fancy Aston Villa's Jack Grealish isn't so far-fetched as to completely dismiss it. "But it is a long long-shot.
"He's a young, talented, attack-minded player who should be looking to play at a higher standard than the Championship.
"But United have different priorities at the moment. They are on the verge of landing £50m Brazilian midfielder Fred from Shakhtar Donetsk and have an interest in the more offensive engine-room talents of Lazio's Sergej Milinkovic-Savic - as well as a certain Gareth Bale.
"And they are not exactly short of options in Grealish's mould either with the likes of Jesse Lingard and Juan Mata already fulfilling similar if not identical roles linking midfield to attack.
"Fans and gossip columnists always like a name out of left-field and you can make a case that Grealish's young talents are a worth a gamble but a move to Leicester - also linked - seems more viable."
Colly says
Former Aston Villa striker Stan Collymore has called on the club's owner to tell the fans what the club's direction will be in the next three years.
Speaking in his column in our sister title The Mirror, Collymore explains his fears for the future at Villa Park.
He stated: "I fear the pain is going to set in for Aston Villa after they missed out in the play-offs.
"They should have gone up and now have only one year left of parachute payments - at a greatly-reduced level - have the biggest wage bill in the division by far, and are spending big money on players who have played well in spells.
"I feel there has to be a massive financial recalibration and some serious thinking done by billionaire owner Dr Tony Xia, who needs to tell the supporters what the club's direction will be over the next two or three years.
"But these are worrying financial times for Villa."
Gabby's gone
Outgoing Aston Villa striker Gabby Agbonlahor has paid an emotional farewell following his departure.
After 13 professional seasons, 391 appearances and 87 goals Agbonlahor has left his boyhood club.
The 31-year-old forward's last appearance in claret and blue came against Sheffield United on December 23 and he'll now weigh up his options ahead of his next move.
Posting on Instagram, Agbonlahor wrote: “At school I had my doubters but I always said I would become a professional footballer.
“Thank you Aston Villa for making my dream come true!!! 17 years, 391 games, 87 goals for the team I've supported all my life is something I would never have dreamt of!!
“Thank you to the fans who have supported me all my career you have made me feel proud to put a Villa shirt on! And also to the staff and players I have had the privilege to work with. I will miss you all.
“I look forward to watching the great young talent we have at the club and watching this special club get back to the where it belongs!
“The pleasure has been all mine, Aston Villa.”
'Really severe'
A football finance expert says Aston Villa's predicament is ‘really severe' and has predicted sales this summer.
The claret and blues were resigned to a third successive season of Championship football with defeat to Fulham in the play-off final at Wembley.
Steve Bruce's expensively-assembled squad is now expected to be broken up this summer as the club desperately attempt to stay within Financial Fair Play restrictions.
The club's most valuable asset, Jack Grealish, is already being linked with a host of Premier League sides with Villa likely to sell at least one of their top players.
Kieran Maguire, a lecturer in football finance at the University of Liverpool, discussed Villa's problems at length with the BBC.
Cash cuts
“It's really severe for Villa because this is the second year they've had parachute payments. They got around £35million from the Premier League to cushion the blow of relegation.
“Those payments get cut back severely next year so they're going to have £20million less coming in. I think the problem for Villa is that the owner has gambled in the last couple of years on recruiting players on big wages.
Read the full story:
“It's really severe” - Aston Villa and Tony Xia warned of the grim reality now facing them
Gil to depart
Aston Villa are finally set to get Spanish playmaker Carles Gil off their books as the club's summer transfer business gets underway.
Gil has spent the last two seasons on loan at La Liga side Deportivo La Coruna and played 11 times as they were relegated from the Spanish top flight this term.
Villa owner Dr Tony Xia revealed last year that Deportivo had an ‘obligation' to buy Gil this summer.
Recent reports in Spain claimed relegation from La Liga would prevent Deportivo from honouring that agreement, but their new sporting director has since addressed those claims.
Carmelo del Pozo told Marca: "Carles Gil's compulsory purchase will be effective, then we will see if he wants to play in Segunda and if he is convinced of playing in Segunda."
Gil joined Villa in 2015 from Valencia and made 34 appearances in 18 months at the club.
Manchester United monitor Aston Villa's Jack Grealish - reports
By Emeka Mamah
ENUGU—THE Indigenous People of Biafra, IPOB, has raised the alarm over alleged failure of the Federal Government to serve its members charged to court along with its leader, Nnamdi Kanu with the amended charge as ordered by the trial judge. Those being tried to include Benjamin Madubugwu, David Nwawusi, Bright Chimezie Ishinwa and Chidiebere Onwudiwe.
This was contained in a statement signed by the Media and Publicity Secretary of IPOB, Comrade Emma Powerful yesterday.
The statement entitled, “We must not allow this travesty of justice to continue,” read:
“We hereby place the Nigerian Judiciary and the world at large on notice that less than 24 hours to the commencement of trial of those charged with Mazi Nnamdi Kanu as co-conspirators in a plot to overthrow the government of Major General Muhammadu Buhari, retd, they are still to be served an amended charge as ordered by the presiding judge, Justice Binta Nyako at the last hearing over four weeks ago.
“This flagrant disregard of court ruling is nothing new to this administration but it is particularly disheartening when the defendants have been in detention without trial for upwards of three years.
“In no other supposed democratic country will such blatant detention be sanctioned without trial except in Nigeria. Why is it that something as routine as filing of charges against those accused of having committed a crime, is proving difficult for the Attorney General of the Federation and Minister of Justice and the Department of State Services, DSS, in this instance?
“Is it because the men are innocent and deserve unreserved apology from the government over their incarceration for abridgement of their freedom or is it because the government has lost its way and can longer proceed with the sham trial?
“Information reaching us now has it that Justice Binta Nyako has concluded plans with the office of Attorney General of the Federation, AGF, to adjourn/postpone the court case between the federal government and the Biafrans still held illegally in Kuje Prisons, thereby subjecting and exposing these innocent Biafrans to inhuman and degrading treatment.”
Share this article on LinkedIn Google+ Email
Williams driver Felipe Massa says that Formula 1 has not got worse in the 16 years since he made his debut, despite widespread criticism during that period.
The 36-year-old, who made his debut for Sauber in 2002, believes F1 has always been lambasted since then and that overall things haven't changed despite those who argue it has become less spectacular.
"In the moment that I started, overtaking was very difficult, we didn't have DRS and everyone was complaining about the same thing," Massa told Autosport.
"They said 'ah, we need to overtake', 'ah, we cannot follow the cars', 'ah, the top teams have more than the other teams', 'ah it's too expensive'...
"What is different? I don't really see a big change.
"Maybe in that time, teams spent even more money than they are now but the gap between the best and the worst was huge, like it is now.
"This is F1. Hopefully it will change in the future, but I didn't see a big change."
Massa added that the challenge for drivers has not fundamentally changed.
"They are different cars but the mentality - the way you are driving, what you put into the car, how you try to get the best out of the car - is no different," said Massa.
"It's just different types of cars, different rules, different tyres, different engines.
"To be an F1 driver, you need to be the best and you need to take the best out of the car
"It was always like that in F1, it hasn't been anything different from when I started to now. How things work is not so different."
Massa also believes that the experience gained by drivers of his generation before the introduction of draconian testing restrictions in 2009 - which initially banned all testing during the season - remains valuable.
From 2001, when he first tested for Sauber, to the end of 2008 Massa completed 260 official days of testing.
In the eight-and-a-half years since, he has had only 66 days.
"The experience, the respect you have [for the car], I would say you have more and sometimes you see things before they happen," said Massa.
"[But the younger drivers] have their opportunities and they learn and they do many races and they are still doing a good job.
"So I may have more experience, but I don't think it's so different. A good driver is a good driver."
1:17
White House: Updates to immigration ban to allow permanent residents into U.S. without waiver
4:30
He has a new face, one that had belonged to another man
7:23
Fruitcake is known to stay fresh for an inordinate amount of time.
But Antarctic conservators say they recently came upon a specimen that tests the limits of the treat: a 106-year-old cake, found in one of Antarctica's first buildings.
This particular cake is believed to have been brought over in 1910 during the Terra Nova expedition of Robert Falcon Scott. According to the Antarctic Heritage Trust, "it has been documented that Scott took this particular brand of cake with him at that time."
The Huntley & Palmers fruitcake was wrapped in paper and housed in a tin-plated iron alloy tin, which is showing signs of deterioration. However, the cake itself is "well-preserved," the conservators say.
"There was a very, very slight rancid butter smell to it, but other than that, the cake looked and smelled edible!" the Trust's Programme Manager-Artefacts Lizzie Meek said in a statement. "There is no doubt that the extreme cold in Antarctica has assisted its preservation."
The century-old dessert was found with nearly 1,500 other artifacts from two huts at Cape Adare.
According to the Trust, the first buildings on the continent "were built by Norwegian Carsten Borchgrevink's expedition in 1899 and later used by Captain Scott's party in 1911." Meek says the team members were finishing up their work collecting objects when they were surprised to find the old dessert.
She adds that even present day explorers love a good fruitcake: "It's ideal high-energy food for Antarctic conditions, and is still a favorite item on modern day trips to the ice."
The cake's sheer density probably helps. As NPR's Maria Godoy has reported, people doing outdoor work in the Antarctic need about 5,000 calories a day — and more like 6,500 if you're involved in manhauling, which is "pulling sleds across the ice and snow with their bodies."
Maria writes that there's one clear lesson that Antarctic explorers have learned over the years: "When life is stripped down to man versus the most brutal elements, bring plenty of snacks."
This is something Scott's team knew — in fact, Maria says that "his party conducted a study that suggested a high-carb, high-fat diet to be optimal for the harsh climes."
But tragically, explorers on Antarctic expeditions were often hungry. Scott himself starved to death while on the return journey from the South Pole.
The objects recovered from Cape Adare — including a watercolor painting of a Tree Creeper bird by scientist Edward Wilson — are undergoing conservation treatment and will be returned there, because the huts are deemed an Antarctic Specially Protected Area. That will happen after restoration work is finished on the buildings themselves.
CASINO
Atlantic City's long-shuttered Revel casino hotel could reopen this spring after reports that the property has been sold to a Colorado-based developer.
On Monday, Moody's Investors Service reported that AC Ocean Walk, a subsidiary of TEN RE AC NJ, which is turn majority-owned by Mile High Dice, which is under the control of Colorado developer Bruce Deifik, plans to acquire the shuttered Revel from owner Glenn Straub for $200m.
For the record, this is the third time that Deifik's group has been linked to a sale of Revel in as many months, following earlier reports in October and again in November, both of which were vehemently denied by Straub (pictured). Straub has yet to publicly comment on the Moody's report and the Press of Atlantic City reported that the Atlantic County Clerk's Office still doesn't have an official record of sale on file.
Deifik's group reportedly plans to spend an additional $175m sprucing up the joint and (presumably) clearing out the rats that will have eaten through the property's electrical wiring since Revel closed its doors in September 2014.
Moody's also claimed that the reopened Revel would feature 2k slot machines, 100 gaming tables, 1,400 hotel rooms, 13 restaurants and the usual assortment of night clubs, pools, spas and other rat-free non-gaming amenities.
Moody's claimed that Revel's new owners plan to reopen the property by May 2018, a target that appears wildly optimistic. That timeline would also put Revel on track to reopen just as Hard Rock International plans to open its Hard Rock Atlantic City – the former Trump Taj Mahal – following its own nine-figure facelift that began earlier this year.
Revel was pitched as the stagnant AC market's savior when it opened in 2012 at a staggering cost of over $2.4b. But the property quickly went from great white hope to great white elephant, failing to attract much of a crowd and ultimately declaring bankruptcy twice in two years.
In 2015, Straub paid $82m for Revel but his plans to reopen the venue for gaming hit a snag when he balked at submitting himself to the traditionally invasive probing required by gaming regulators. Regardless, a $200m sale would represent a nice return on a two-year investment, provided Straub is willing to admit publicly that the deal is done.
Comments
Lasik treatment is one of the most common eye surgeries in the world to correct the vision of people with bad eyesight. Wearing glasses or contact lenses is not always the most comfortable thing to be doing throughout the day. There might be numerous occasions you feel you want to permanently get rid of them. Lasik treatment in Dubai can do this for you. You can say goodbye to your glasses and lenses.
This is one of the most pain-free surgeries you can do to your body. With the improvement of scientific knowledge and technology, fixing the vision of people has become an easy task. When you consider permanently fixing your eyesight, you will imagine that the surgery you have to undergo will be a complex and painful one. But, it is assured that the Lasik treatment is completely pain-free, and any person, regardless of their level of sensitivity can undergo this treatment.
It might come to surprise you that your vision will be fixed right after the surgery. You will be able to see clearly right after you walk out of the clinic. Many surgeries that a person undergo has a healing period within which the results of the surgery will develop. But, with the Lasik treatment, you will be able to witness the results right after undergoing the surgery.
You will have the opportunity to go back to your normal routine or lifestyle very fast. You are not expected to wear bandages or stitches like most other surgeries. You can resume almost all the activities within 24 hours post surgery. However, it is advisable to consult your surgeon before indulging in any activity to make sure you can go ahead with it.
You will realize over time that your expenses have significantly reduced after the surgery. You do not have to go for frequent eye check-ups, which cost a lot of money. You do not have to update your glasses every time the surgeon thinks you should. You do not have to fear about losing your contact lenses or your glasses and spending a considerable amount to get new ones every time you lose them.
Gurin makes the dual benefit of Ceramic-Tourmaline into a triple one with 20% discount on its Flat Iron Hair Straighteners. Market demand has increased following the increased quality standards with the competitive pricing. It has gained distinction from most due its dual material of Ceramic and Tourmaline.
Gurin Hair Straighteners offer a 1″ thick plate suitable for both long and short hair. It has an attractive temperature range from 240F to 450F (1200C to 2200C) which suits all hair type and helps you attain desirable hair. The design and handling help you to straighten, curl and flip your hair with ease.
The Edge was honored with the Les Paul Spirit Award at a ceremony at the Bonnaroo Music Festival Friday ahead of U2‘s first ever North American festival headlining gig.
The guitarist said he “didn't hesitate for a split-second” to
This article originally appeared on www.rollingstone.com: Watch U2's The Edge Receive Les Paul Spirit Award at Bonnaroo
…read more
Via:: Rolling Stone
FORT LAUDERDALE, Fla. - A 17-year-old boy who was accused of threatening to shoot up J.P. Taravella High School earlier this month appeared in court Tuesday, where a judge told him he would be released on house arrest.
Tyler Ahrens was arrested April 4, a day after making online threats to shoot up his high school.
"...I want to be a professional school shooter... (no sarcasm, Broward County, Florida) J.P. Taravella HS is my target, tomorrow," the post read. "I'M LEGIT NOT JOKING AROUND! SPREAD MY MESSAGE!!!"
Police said Ahrens edited his original comment, which was: "For who ever (sic) is reading this, I will be shooting up my high school in broward county Fl. Tomorrow afternoon at 12:00 when school starts. Round 2. J.P. Taravella HS! (I am legit, make my presence known)."
During his 21 days of detention, Ahrens underwent a psychiatric evaluation and it was determined that he does not suffer from any type of mental illness.
The psychiatrist met with Ahrens three times and wrote in a report that he or she believes that Ahrens "can benefit from continued counseling," both individual and with his family.
The psychiatrist said that Ahrens' online threat appeared to be attention seeking with no intention of acting out.
"(The) child's risk of violently acting out is somewhere in the moderate range," the report stated.
Ahrens' personal doctor also wrote in a report to the judge that he has not seen any issues with the teen.
The psychiatrist recommended that Ahrens remain on house arrest with an ankle monitor, all guns be removed from his home, he is placed in a new school and he is placed on probation for at least the next three to six months.
"Should I lie to you or tell you the truth?" Judge Elijah Williams asked Ahrens in court Tuesday.
"Truth," Ahrens said.
"You now belong to me. I am now responsible for you. I am your daddy. You understand?" Williams said.
The judge ordered that all guns be removed from the home. Ahrens' father said there were no guns in the house, but Williams said to search it anyway, just in case.
A life coach from the South Florida Wellness Network told Williams that she is willing to work with Ahrens and offer him any sort of support or mentoring.
Ahrens told the judge that he wants to enlist in the military, but Williams told the teen that his main concern is that Ahrens does not get arrested for at least the next three years.
"I'm going to watch everything you do -- everything -- until this case is resolved. You understand?" Williams asked.
Ahrens will not be returning to Taravella High School, and Williams told his attorney to help figure out where Ahrens will go to school.
It's unclear whether the school district will allow him back into a public school in Broward County.
"The good thing is, you are not mentally ill," Williams said. "The reason it's bad is I have to figure out why you did it."
Prosecutors said they do not believe Ahrens needed to be held any longer than the 21 days, which ended Tuesday.
Williams set Ahrens next court hearing for May 11.
"Filing the case is like wine," Williams said. "You don't want to move too quickly, but I don't want to delay more than two weeks if we can avoid it."
Copyright 2018 by WPLG Local10.com - All rights reserved.
Album:
The Loom Artist:
Liam O'Connor Label:
Independent Release Genre:
Traditional
The possibility that we are in a golden age of traditional music, is reinforced by the release of Liam O'Connor's exceptional solo album The Loom. O'Connor has long been a thoughtful, considered fiddle player who wears his acquaintance with the musicians who came before him with equal parts pride and subtlety.
The influence of Tommie Potts is writ large in O'Connor's reading of a rare version of the title tune. O'Connor's own tune compositions are masterful. The Rights of Women, a tribute to the 18th-century feminist Mary Wollstonecraft, bristle with an indomitable high spirit, while his jig, Small By Name... pays meticulous attention to every last note.
Liam's duet with his father, flute player Mick, on the reel set, Lucky In Love sees the pair magically revel in one another's musical agility. A multi-layered treasure trove.
liamoconnor.ie
Okowa directs demolition of illegal structures in Asaba Airport
Gov. Ifeanyi Okowa of Delta has directed the demolition of all privately-owned houses sited within the perimeter fencing of the Asaba International Airport.
The governor gave the directive on Tuesday while inspecting the ongoing resurfacing of the airport runway and other ancillary work to ensure the contractors delivered as promised in May.
He said any building within the perimeter fencing that had relevant documents would be paid compensation, adding that the focus was to ensure safety at the airport.
“We need to determine the perimeter of the airport to know where our land ends.
“We need to look at the buildings close to the airport if they have relevant approvals and if they have no relevant approvals, the buildings will go down.
“I have asked the Commissioner for Lands and Survey to take inventories for us to take necessary actions.
Read More: Delta to reactivate airfield lighting at Asaba airport
“If the owners of the buildings have relevant documents, they will be compensated because, what is foremost on our mind is safety,” Okowa said.
He, however, lauded the level of work done at the airport, adding that the contractor was working hard to beat the five weeks deadline for the reopening of the airport for commercial activities.
“The contractor is right on course and they will deliver before the deadline.
“We are concentrating on the runway which must be of international standards, and we are confident that we will get one of the best in the country.
“I am happy with the pace of work,” he said.
The Project Manager, Setraco Nigeria Limited, Mr Jihad Yaghi, thanked the governor for encouraging the company to speed up the delivery of the project.
He said that everybody was committed and working hard to ensure that the job was completed on schedule and according to specifications.
The Airport Special Project Director, Mr Austin Ayemidejor who took the governor and his team round the project site, assured that the contractor was working round the clock to deliver the project before the deadline and to specifications.
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from The Guardian Nigeria Newspaper – Nigeria and World News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
.We would look into the matter-PDP Chair
By Rotimi Ojomoyela
Ado-Ekiti-The crisis rocking Ekiti State Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), over the succession plan of Governor Ayo Fayose took another twiston Monday, as some party chieftains believed to be loyal to former Minister of State for Works, Prince Dayo Adeyeye, were suspended.
Those affected by the action which was alleged to have been ordered by Fayose, were an elected councillor for Ido/Osi Ward, Abiodun Daramola and the PDP
Chairman in the Ward, Sunday Ojo and seven ward women leaders from Ado-Ekiti.
The latest action which is already generating tension in the party is believed to be against the spirit and letter of the David Mark Reconciliation Panel on Ekiti PDP crisis.
In a telephone chat with newsmen, the suspended concillor, Daramola, disclosed that some policemen stormed the council secretariat from Ido Police Station with handcuffs to effect his arrest.
According to him, “the policemen told me that they were acting under instruction from Fayose not to allow me to sit in plenary at the council legislature with my colleagues.
“I was saved the agony of being dragged to the police station because of my personal relationship with the policemen sent to effect my arrest. O later learned from my colleagues that I was being punished for being an Adeyeye boy”
But the Prince Adedayo Adeyeye Movement (PAAM) has declared the suspension of the elected councillor and ward party excos as “illegal,unconstitutional, null and void.”
PAAM Director of Media and Publicity, Niyi Ojo, in a statement on Monday described the suspension as “a huge joke by a shameless jester” noting hat the processes for suspension are clearly spelt out in the PDP constitution.
The statement reads in part, “One is embarrassed that a Governor of a State did not know the rudimentary provisons of Nigerian Constitution and the PDP constitution in respect of elected officials.
“He unilaterally selected chairmanship of the councils and councillors through YES and NO balloting system and he has gone ahead to render them a robot that should no have a mind of their own.
“He believes in gangsterism, thuggery, intimidation and coercion as a tool in politics of Ekiti as if he is the Emperor of a conquered territory. This is a governor that has rendered every party man poor by denying them of adequate party patronage and now forcing them to do his bidding.
“We are members of Peoples Demoratic Party (PDP) and not Ayo Fayose Democratic Party. All other loyal party men and women should not bow to this act of cowardice from the governor.
“We knew all along that a leopard cannot change its spot. We knew that the tyrant will never abide with the resolutions of Senator David Mark Reconciliation Panel and we shall not chicken out from the battle to save the soul of PDP from Fayose.”
In his reaction, the state PDP Chairman, Mr. Gboyega Oguntuase, told newsmen that though the decision to suspend the officials was yet to be communicated to him, but promised to look into the matter.
In his words, “whatever decision taken has not been communicated officially to the party but we reserve the right to look into it.
“We don't want our people to be reading meaning into it but such matters will be looked into dispassionately and nobody will be punished for offence not committed
“But in a political party, you are not expected to lead an unregulated life.”
The announcement was made by Russia's Prime Minister Dmitry Medvedev as reported by Sputnik news agency.
"I have recently approved the list of countries, whose nationals can take advantage of the preferential regime. Businessmen and tourists will not need to undergo the traditional procedure of Russian visas receipt," the Prime Minister said. It will be enough for foreigners "to enter their data on a special website in the Internet," Medvedev said.
"We are proactively forming the modern infrastructure and creating special regimes in the Far East; the law on visits to the Vladivostok free port was approved in March," Medvedev said.
Cancellation of visa procedures for tourists and businessmen "will promote growth of investment and tourist attractiveness of the Far East," the prime minister said.
The region will earn more money from tourist traffic growth, he added. Eighteen countries from various regions selected by the reciprocity principle were included into the list, Medvedev said.
"This is not because these states are situated at a closer or longer distance - we are appropriately introducing bilateral agreements on visa-free travel for those ready to use such an approach for us," he added.
According to the official site of the Cabinet, the list of 18 countries comprises Algeria, Bahrain, Brunei, India, Iran, Qatar, China, North Korea, Kuwait, Morocco, Mexico, the UAE, Oman, Saudi Arabia, Singapore, Tunisia, Turkey and Japan.
Sputnik reported in late March that Iran and Russia had signed an agreement to simplify visa procedures for groups of tourists travelling between the two countries.
According to the Federal Agency for Tourism, the flow of tourists from Iran to Russia in 2016 was expected to exceed the record levels of last year, Sputnik added.
In 2016, Iran's Vice President Es'haq Jahangiri announced that the country wanted to attract 1-2 million visitors by removing tourist visas for Russian nationals.
You don't need to spend $1079 on Apple's iPhone 8 when you can buy a Chinese clone for almost half the price.
I know you are thinking that buying a Chinese iPhone clone sounds dodgy as hell and there's no way you are going to be getting quality for that price.
But I can tell you that's not the case, with Oppo's R11s delivering outstanding quality and ultra-premium features for its $659 price tag.
The device might be shamelessly "inspired" by Apple's products, but that's because the company is trying to attract those who want an iPhone without the expensive price tag.
Advertisement
Having used the device for the past couple of weeks, I can say you will not be disappointed for choosing an Oppo phone over other expensive flagships.
DESIGN
Following the lead of other major flagship releases from 2017, Oppo's Full HD+ 6.01-inch display has been made to offer an 18:9 aspect ratio.
The exterior of the phone has kept a slick metallic unibody with a gentle matte finish, while less intrusive antenna lines make it look cleaner than its predecessor.
Despite the large display, the device is very slim and lightweight when compared to some of its competition — it measures 155.1 x 75.5 x 7.1mm and weighs just 153g.
To ensure minimal distracting bezel, Oppo has removed the fingerprint sensor from the bottom of the front-facing display and placed it on the rear like most other Androids, which I believe is superior as it feels more natural.
Alternatively, you can also log in using facial identification which Oppo has introduced for this model.
As Apple is still denying access to an iPhone X review unit, I cannot compare the security and consistency to the company's FaceID system, however I can attest it's as fast and responsive as the facial identification found in the Samsung Note 8 and LG V30+.
The R11s has a 3.5mm headphone jack on the bottom of the device, with the volume rockers located on the left.
While impressive and sleek, I do feel the device is let down by the large protruding camera which makes it a struggle to balance it on a flat surface.
CAMERA
It might stick out on the back, but Oppo has included an impressive dual 20MP+16MP camera setup, with a large dual f/1.7 aperture.
Oppo said the 16MP had been designed to meet the requirements of regular portrait photos in the daytime, while the 20MP camera had been specially designed for shooting in the dark.
"In the night, the 20MP camera will intelligently identify the dark scenes, and rearrange
the pixel combination, making a 2.0μm super pixel for a four times more photosensitive area," the company explained.
The device also includes Oppo's custom-built "Portrait Lab", which offers a number of suggestions on adjustments and photo effects to improve the quality of shots.
Having tested the claims, I can safely say the camera is capable of enhancing picture quality in any environment regardless of whether it's day or night, with the shooter able to rival the more expensive models from the competition.
The exceptional 20MP forward-facing selfie camera has also seen improvement and is backed by Oppo's self-learning AI Beautify software.
"By setting up an extensive selfie database that uses A.I. neural network algorithms to collect 254 facial features and analyse the features from multiple dimensions including gender, age, skin texture, skin colour, expression, and physical condition," the company explained.
What this means is the R11s will intelligently apply the appropriate beauty treatment to make pictures that have that extra level of quality.
EVERYTHING ELSE
The device uses Android with its own ColorOS skin, which offers an iOS-like experience that shouldn't be too much of a stretch for people coming to the phone from an Apple.
Oppo's user interface offers the ability to swipe up from the bottom of the screen like an iPhone X, although you can also have traditional on-screen buttons.
The R11s has 64GB of storage, dual-SIM capabilities and MicroSD expansion, which is something Apple doesn't include with its iPhones.
Everything is powered by a Qualcomm 660 series Octo-Core processor and the R11s has a 3,205mAh battery, which is more than enough for use during the day - it also uses COOC Flash Charge that promises two hours talking time from five minutes of charging.
Sadly the device still uses Micro-USB charging and hasn't moved to USB-C like most other models on the market.
Oppo has also not included NFC or water and dust resistance, which could be a dealbreaker for some customers.
All in all the device is hugely impressive and offers most of the features of top-tier phones for a fraction of the cost.
I believe this is the perfect device for people on a budget or those looking to get a teenager their first phone.
The Oppo R11s will be available for purchase next week in Red, Black and Champagne from JB Hi-Fi, Officeworks, Woolworths Mobile, RetraVision, Mobileciti, Optus, Virgin Mobile and Vodafone for $659.
There is also an Oppo R11s Plus with a 6.43-inch display, which will set you back $779.
SHARE COPY LINK More Videos 2:33 Highlights: Wolves clinch No. 3 seed with sweep of Tumwater Pause 2:17 Highlights: Wolves roll to season sweep over Tumwater 0:36 Black Hills senior Grace Gibbs finishes as the Class 2A state runner-up in girls bowling 2:30 Highlights: Stevenson hammers down 4 dunks as Blazers roll 1:06 Wichita State signee throws down rim-rattling dunk against Central Kitsap 2:28 Highlights: W.F. West grinds out win to claim 2A EvCo title 2:28 Highlights: Offense rolls as undefeated Rams take title 1:38 North Thurston basketball dad agrees to shave beard after title win 2:13 Highlights: Tides sink Timberline's title hopes with 3-pointers 2:51 Highlights: Elma snaps Montesano's 53-game winning streak Video Link copy Embed Code copy
Facebook
Twitter
Email
Senior Grace Gibbs rolls a final-game 256 to place a school-best second place. Junior Mackenzie Theophilus is fourth for the Wolves Todd Milles tmilles@thenewstribune.com
Senior Grace Gibbs rolls a final-game 256 to place a school-best second place. Junior Mackenzie Theophilus is fourth for the Wolves Todd Milles tmilles@thenewstribune.com
There was no end of intrigue at the Westminster Kennel Club Dog Show this year.
Rumor, the German shepherd who narrowly lost at last year's show, had come close to simply hanging up her leash and retiring. Instead, she stormed back to win her category again this year — and then, to top it all off, beat out more than 2,800 dogs to take Best in Show on Tuesday, as well.
The triumph makes her only the second German shepherd to win the top prize in Westminster's 141-year history. Considering Westminster is the second-longest continuously running sporting event in the U.S. — second only to the Kentucky Derby — the redemptive win for the 5 1/2-year-old female is no mean feat.
Not only that, but as NPR's Merrit Kennedy noted earlier this month, Westminster also played host to another rarity at this year's dog show: cats. The featured felines shared a showcase with the dogs called Meet & Compete.
Still, whatever words we can offer on the event seem a little beside the point. The dogs — big and small, noble and loony — are the main event.
So, without further throat-clearing, here's what you came for: A few of our very favorite images from the competition.
WASHINGTON (AP) " Less than six weeks after he helped revive a flagging House Republican health care bill and push it to passage, President Donald Trump now says the measure is "mean" and is asking GOP senators to make it more generous.
Trump used those words Tuesday at a closed-door White House lunch with 15 Republican senators, congressional sources say. It was a startling slap at legislation that was shepherded by Speaker Paul Ryan, R-Wis., and whose passage the president lobbied for and praised. At a Rose Garden ceremony minutes after the bill's 217-213 House passage on May 4, Trump called it "a great plan."
The president's criticism also came as Senate Republican leaders' attempts to write their own health care package have been slowed by disagreements between their party's conservatives and moderates.
Trump's characterizations could undercut attempts by Senate leaders to assuage conservatives who want restrictions in their chamber's bill, such as cutting the Medicaid health care program for the poor and limiting the services insurers must cover. Moderate GOP senators have been pushing to ease those efforts.
Advertisement
Facing expected unanimous Democratic opposition, Republicans will be unable to pass a Senate bill if just three of the 52 GOP senators vote "no." Alienating any of them could make approving the measure trickier for Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell, R-Ky., who's been hoping for a vote before Congress' July 4 recess.
Trump's comments were described by two GOP congressional sources who received accounts of Tuesday's White House lunch. They spoke on condition of anonymity to reveal a closed-door conversation.
One source said Trump called the House bill "mean, mean, mean" and said, "We need to be more generous, more kind." Another said Trump used a vulgar phrase to describe the House bill and told the senators, "We need to be more generous."
Two other congressional GOP officials confirmed that the general descriptions of Trump's words were accurate.
The sources say the president did not specify what aspects of the bill he was characterizing.
White House spokeswoman Sarah Huckabee Sanders declined to comment, telling reporters aboard Air Force One Tuesday evening, "We don't comment on rumors or private conversations."
The remarks nevertheless provided ammunition to Democrats who have unanimously opposed the Republican effort to dismantle President Barack Obama's health care overhaul, the Affordable Care Act of 2010.
"Americans won't forget that @HouseGOP passed a "mean" bill to rip healthcare from millions then celebrated @ the WH," said Rep. Elijah Cummings, D-Md.
In an embarrassing retreat, Ryan had to abruptly cancel a March vote on the House measure after a revolt against it by Republican conservatives and moderates that would have ensured its defeat.
The measure's final version reflected a compromise by conservative leader Rep. Mark Meadows, R-N.C., and centrist Rep. Tom MacArthur, R-N.J. They agreed to language letting states drop requirements for higher premiums under Obama's health care law to protect with pre-existing medical conditions, and requiring insurers to cover specific services like maternity care.
At the White House ceremony celebrating House passage of the GOP health care bill, Trump and Ryan praised the legislation as the fulfillment of campaign promises that Trump and GOP congressional candidates had long made to repeal Obama's statute.
"Many of you have been waiting seven years to cast this vote," Ryan said to the scores of Republican House members present. "Many of you are here because you pledged to cast this vote."
Asked to comment on Trump's remarks about the House measure, Ryan spokeswoman AshLee Strong said, "Congressional Republicans, with President Trump's support, are working to repeal and replace this terrible Obamacare law that is harming Americans."
Meadows, who chairs the conservative House Freedom Caucus, said, "I have no knowledge of the president characterizing the health care bill in any other way than to suggest that we need to lower premiums and" protect people with pre-existing conditions.
Just last weekend, Trump used his golf club in Bedminster, N.J., to hold a fundraising event for MacArthur that netted $800,000.
MacArthur's office did not immediately respond to a request for comment on Trump's description of the bill MacArthur helped resuscitate.
Trump had not publicly criticized the House bill previously. But in a May 28 tweet that raised questions about his intent, he said, "I suggest that we add more dollars to Healthcare and make it the best anywhere. ObamaCare is dead - the Republicans will do much better!"
___
AP reporters Ricardo Alonso-Zaldivar, Kenneth Thomas and Jill Colvin contributed to this report.
Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world.
Kentucky's largest lobbyist says it opposes a judge's ruling that allows lobbyists to give money to political candidates.
The Kentucky Chamber of Commerce said Wednesday it is urging the Kentucky Board of Elections and the Kentucky Legislative Ethics Commission to appeal U.S. District Judge William Berlesman's ruling dismantling several of the ethics laws that regulate contact between lobbyists and lawmakers.
Legislative Ethics Commission counsel Kara Daniel said the commission has not decided whether to appeal.
Kentucky Chamber President and CEO Dave Adkisson says the ethics law kept the political system clean. He said lifting the restrictions would be a disservice to the state.
Records show the Kentucky Chamber of Commerce spent more than $126,000 lobbying the state legislature during its three-month session earlier this year. That's more than any other organization.
When it comes to the final reckoning, you could forgive Olympic Council of Ireland (OCI) president Sarah Keane for asking, “why did I bother”?
For the umpteenth time since the ticketing scandal in Rio, she has stepped forward to answer questions about her predecessor Pat Hickey, and each time has brought something problematic, something the OCI board did not know about.
The legacy of Hickey has been a legal quagmire and so far with no resolution. The Judge Moran report into the 2016 Olympic Games, published on Monday, set out as a fact-finding exercise with no powers to compel people to speak and found shutters coming down from Rio to Lausanne, and from Dublin to London.
The Rio Organising Committee, who started the ball rolling by rejecting Hickey's first choice of Authorised Ticket Reseller (ATR) THG, did not even reply to Judge Moran's emails.
The International Olympic Committee didn't engage. THG turned their back. Hickey said he couldn't speak until he cleared his name in Rio. Legal advice, he said.
Judge Moran was left with virtually none of the actors to talk to.
Frustrating peek
The report was a frustrating peek into the workings of the OCI and IOC as a 12-week timetable became one-year long with a bill of €312,000.
What we found, through no fault of Judge Moran, were things that we knew in the 1990s.
Pat Hickey ran the OCI as an autocrat. We knew that in 1992.
Hickey loved a solo run. We knew that in 1993.
Hickey dealt with sponsorship matters himself. We knew that in 1994.
Hickey was surrounded by a board that said yes. We knew that in 1995.
The governance within the OCI was appalling. We knew that in the 1980s, when a meeting in the Shelbourne Hotel secured a voting system that unshakably favoured those in situ and no term limits.
The cost and the words of Minister for Sport Shane Ross echoing in our ears seemed shrill. The “very robust” inquiry Mr Ross promised turned out superficial.
“Its work was hampered by the absence of co-operation,” said the measured Judge Moran. “The effectiveness of the inquiry depended on a willingness to co-operate.”
From an OCI perspective, it has laid bare some of the details of the problems they face. Ms Keane produced a letter from the PyeongChang Organising Committee for the Winter Olympics 2018 retroactively withdrawing approval of THG's role as Irish ATR (Authorised Ticket Reseller).
“We are signed up to this agreement,” said Keane. “I would also say we are signed up to two other agreements signed in January 2016, which we have only become aware of in the last couple of weeks.”
Toxic
The agreements are with the now-toxic THG for the 2022 Winter Olympic Games, and for the 2024 and the 2026 Games. THG was rejected for Rio by the Organising Committee and so Pro10 was brought in.
Keane says this too did not come before the board. “There was no discussion about the approval of Pro10. That was not brought to the board, not during my time and my understanding is not at anytime,” she said.
Judge Moran also questioned the honorarium of €60,000 per annum for Hickey that was introduced by second vice-president John Delaney in 2010. The full amount was drawn in 2015, totalling €360,000.
Hickey had always called himself a volunteer. He clearly saw an honorarium as non-payment. But revenue did not and treated the sum as income.
The OCI now has no sponsors and claims Pro10 owes it €50,000. The report is 250 pages in all.
A penny dreadful for €312,000.
TERTIARY students will from this semester access educational loans from leading financial institutions to pay tuition fees.
Higher and Tertiary Education, Science and Technology, Minister Professor Amon Murwira said the Government and CBZ and ZB banks, and Eduloan were finalising the modalities.
“We are rolling out the students loan scheme and the only sticking issue is to discuss terms that are favourable to our students because some of them may not be able to provide a guarantor and that's what we are working on to make it easy for the learners,” he said.
“The scheme will start this February when tertiary colleges and universities start a new semester. The application forms are already at the tertiary learning institutions.
“ZB bank, CBZ, Eduloan recently made pledges when we met President (Emmerson) Mnangagwa. Other financial institutions are still to come on board.”
Prof Murwira said Government was keen on assisting students to pay tuition fees as universities depend on such funds.
He also said his ministry had already met various local and foreign investors who were offering to students' accommodation on a build-operate-transfer model.
“The model is very attractive to investors because accommodation for students has a particular fees structure; so investors build a hostel and recover their money over a period of time,” he said.
“It's an economic model that also boosts economic growth and encourages foreign direct investments. We are prioritising areas such as Marondera, Manicaland and Gwanda. The building programmes will be laid out in the (ministry's) 100-day plan.” Sunday Mail
President Muhammadu Buhari on Wednesday held bilateral talks with the President of Namibia, Mr Hage Geingob, at the presidential villa, Abuja.
The Namibian leader, who is visiting Nigeria for the first time since inception of the Buhari administration in May 2015, arrived at the presidential villa at about 3.05 p.m.
President Geingob was received at the forecourt of the villa by Buhari, who stepped out of the ongoing Federal Executive Council (FEC) meeting to welcome his visitor.
Others at the forecourt of the presidential villa to welcome the Namibian leader included cabinet ministers and some presidential aides.
Bilateral talks between the two presidents would centre on issues bordering on trade, economy and culture.(NAN)
Rowers take off into Budd Inlet during the Olympia Area Rowers annual "Learn to Row Day" at Swantown Marina in Olympia in 2015. Tony Overman Olympian file photo
City workers are launching a two-month repaving project today along Fontainebleau that will create a new bicycle lane between Nashville Avenue and South Broad Street.
Parking may be limited within the construction zone and traffic delays are to be expected, according to an announcement from the city's Roadwork NOLA program. For details, read the full release from the city below:
CAIRO (AP) — Egypt's state censors have allowed the performance of a socially critical play they had prohibited on the day of its Cairo premiere.
Director Ahmed El Attar had earlier cancelled the showing of "Before the Revolution," a two-actor piece that depicts oppression and stagnation in Egypt before its 2011 popular uprising. He said the removal of five scenes as demanded by the censors heavily distorted it.
In a statement late Monday, organizers thanked the censors for reversing their decision on appeal and permitting it to run "without the disruption of its dramatic construction."
The play will now run for three nights as opposed to its originally scheduled six in a 100-seat theatre, as part of Cairo's annual Downtown Contemporary Arts Festival. El Attar is also the general manager of the festival.
Subscribe to FT.com
Subscribe to read: Surge in Chinese corporate investment into the US
Already a subscriber? Sign in here
Burlington Real Estate has scrapped previous plans to float a real-estate investment trust (Reit), having been beaten to the market by a number of other property companies as the property market began to recover following the crash.
The Dublin-based firm's managing director John Bruder told Bloomberg in an interview that “by the time we came around, that small opportunity had been pretty well mopped up”.
Burlington Real Estate is now focused on a joint property investment firm with Appian Asset Management, which was set up late last year with plans to invest about €50 million in commercial property in Ireland over 18 months.
The fund, which will target a 5 per cent annual dividend, has raised about €15 million so far, Mr Bruder told Bloomberg.
Burlington Real Estate, which was set up in 2012 by Mr Bruder and fellow former Treasury Holdings executive Niall Kavanagh, had preparing to float a reit in Dublin in 2014, with the aim of raising €300 million. The company has been involved in over €750 million of transactions since 2013, according to its website, operating across the office, retail, residential and industrial sectors.
The company continues to manage some assets formerly owned by Treasury Holdings, which was seized by creditors in 2012, after the property bubble burst.
Three reits - Green Reit, Hibernia Reit and Irish Real Estate Property Reit - were floated on the Irish stock exchange between July 2013 and April 2014, attracting initial investment from a number of hedge fund managers. These included John Paulson, who made billions of dollars betting against the US subprime mortgage market before the financial crash in 2008 and Hungarian-American financier George Soros, who earned $1.5 billion and a reputation as the man who broke the Bank of England when he bet against sterling in 1992.
Many of the initial investors have since cashed in most of their investment, making significant profits in the process.
The three reits currently have a combined market capitalisation of €2.34 billion.
Industry Overview
Global Military Laser Systems Market Research Report – Forecast to 2021” – Market Analysis, Scope, Stake, Progress, Trends and Forecast to 2021.
Military Laser Systems, which are fast gaining prominence in lethal weapons sector, have been under development for decades now. With the changing nature of warfare, there has been a rise in demand for efficient and lethal weapons with high precision and accuracy and ability to annihilate distant enemy tanks. These laser systems have high intensity and low divergence, which has made it a popular choice of weapons in times for warfare. Moreover, increasing support and initiatives from the government for strengthening their defense is another factor boosting the growth of Military Laser Systems Market.
LASER is an acronym that stands for “light amplification through the stimulated emission of radiation.” Lasers work by exciting the atoms, molecules, or ions in a medium—think gases, chemicals, fibers, or diodes—until they emit light at exactly the same wavelength. That light is then channeled into a narrow beam by a resonator, and then directed at a target. In other words, lasers are essentially narrow beams of focused light that do damage by heating the target. They can burn holes in aircraft skins, the hulls of small boats, or the human body. They can heat artillery shells in midair, causing them to explode, or the storage containers at a fuel dump until the fuel ignites.
According to a recent study report published by the Market Research Future, Globally, the Market For Military Laser Systems has increased its market growth in recent years and is expected to grow at a rapid pace during the forecast period (2017 – 2021). The global market of Military Laser Systems is forecasted to witness a thriving growth by 2021, surpassing its previous growth records in terms of value with a striking 10 % CAGR during the anticipated period (2017 – 2021).
The growing need for high precision weapons, emerging demand from law enforcement and defense agencies, investment on R&D related to military laser systems are the factors driving the market growth. Additionally, growth in usage of high-speed laser in communication networks and rising support and initiatives from government such factors are providing added impetus to the growth of the market. Moreover, growth in commercial technologies is said to offer an array of opportunities for the key players operating in this market.
However, regulatory challenge and the higher costs of development are the biggest constraint of the market, states the MRFR Research Analyst while commenting upon this deep diving factual study report, presented through more than 100 market data tables and figures, widely spread over 103 pages.
Key Players
Military Laser Systems market appears to be highly competitive. Key Players compete based on cost, product quality, reliability, and aftermarket service. To sustain in the market and to gain the competitive edge players operating in the market strive to offer cost-effective and high-quality laser systems with the latest technology and materials. The market is expected to witness a rise in mergers and acquisitions, coupled with increased collaboration with alliance partners across the globe.
Profiled in MRFR Analysis some of the leading market players in the global Military Laser Systems market are Northrop Grumman, Coherent Inc., Lockheed Martin, Thales, Raytheon, American Laser Enterprises, BAE Systems PLC, Frankfurt Laser Company, Quantel, and Newport Corporation.
For further information on this report, visit @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/reports/military-laser-systems-market
Regional & Country Analysis
Americas is the leading region in military laser market with around 40% of market share as of 2015, followed by Asia Pacific and EME with a substantial market share. As per the MRFR analysis, the Americas Military Laser Systems market is poised to reach to astronomical amounts in 2021, to grow at a CAGR of around 5% during the forecasted period. EMEA and Asia Pacific regions will grow at a substantial CAGR.
With the increasing investment in several military and land programs to modernize its military and weapon systems, APAC is expected to register a significant growth in the forecast period. In 2015, North America accounted for the largest share of the military laser systems market. However, the Middle East region witnessed the highest growth rate in the military laser systems market in the coming years. This can be attributed to the enhancement in the force protection against small boat swarms, unmanned aerial vehicles or rocket, artillery, and mortar or missile attack in this region.
adidas nmd r1 uk
Get great deals on adidas gazelle, yeezy, superstar and nmd trainers for mens and womens, all the styles and colours are available with the cheapest price. shop with confidence!
By Radio.com Staff
Chris Brown has been accused of punching a photographer during an incident at the Tampa nightclub AJA Channelside early this morning.
Related: Chris Brown Responds to Addiction and Anger Issues Claims
The Tampa Police Department provided the following statement regarding the incident:
During an after party event, Mr. Brown and his crew came into the club for a ‘showing' for which he was paid. Mr. [Benny] Vines is a photographer for Club Aja. As he was taking photos, Vines reported Mr. Brown ‘sucker punched' him for allegedly taking photos. By the time officers were contacted and arrived, Mr. Brown left the scene. Mr. Vines wishes to prosecute for a minor laceration to his lip. Medical attention was refused. Investigation continues.
A statement posted to AJA Channelside's official Facebook page reads:
Incidents like the ones caused by Chris Brown and his team are very sad to see. As everyone witnessed he showed up to the club at around 1:30am. After only a few minutes of being there, Chris Brown himself and his team assaulted our club photographer and proceeded to walk out of the venue. AJA Channelside and our employees apologize for the inconvenience. Assault charges were pressed and we are dealing with the proper authorities accordingly. We appreciate your constant support!
Brown has yet to respond publicly to the allegations.
Regulation is a scary word. Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images
Facebook may not be able to ride out its bad news cycle scot-free after all. On Tuesday, Sens. Amy Klobuchar, a Democrat from Minnesota, and John Kennedy, a Republican from Louisiana, released a sweeping new bill that, if passed, would impose strong new regulations on companies like Facebook and Google that collect data on users.
The Social Media Privacy Protection and Consumer Rights Act of 2018 would require that websites provide users a copy of the data that's being collected on them, free of charge, as well as a list of who has had access to their data, either through a sale or simply by it being made available. The new bill also proposes that companies disclose how personal data collected about users is leveraged—for example, through targeted advertising—and how employees of the company have access to it. And if a website does mishandle users' personal data, the internet company would be required to alert users within 72 hours—a far tinier window than what happened after Facebook learned user data bad been improperly obtained by the voter analytics firm Cambridge Analytica. When Facebook learned in 2015 that tens of millions of its users had their data harvested by app developers who later transferred that data to Cambridge Analytica for use in voter targeting on Sen. Ted Cruz's presidential campaign, the company decided not to alert users about what happened until more than two years later, when the Guardian and the New York Times reported on the incident and reportedly learned that the firm had not deleted the data even though it had previously said it did.
The proposed legislation comes two weeks after the House and Senate grilled Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg in two hearings on how the company treats the personal data of the Americans who trust it. Republicans and Democrats were unhappy with the CEO, who spent the hearings promising to clean up his company's act. But Facebook has made promises about respecting user privacy before—a troubled history that gives lawmakers good reason to push for regulation now.
Until 2014, Facebook allowed developers to extract data not only from people who downloaded their apps but from all their friends, too—a practice that Cambridge Analytica's partners were far from alone in pursuing. And it wasn't until last month that Facebook admitted that it believes that most users have had their public profile information harvested by third parties via a Facebook feature that allowed users to search for other users via someone's phone number or email address, which Facebook says has been abused by malicious hackers that would scour Facebook using lists of emails and phone numbers they already had.
Facebook already has a tool that lets users download some of the data that the company collects on them, like photos and videos uploaded, facial recognition data, and history of searches—it even includes what advertising categories Facebook has put you in. Still, the current download doesn't include your browsing data or what information about you an advertiser may have uploaded months ago, as Wired points out. The new proposal would require companies like Facebook to hand over a copy of the personal data it processes on people—Facebook wouldn't get to pick and choose which bits it wants to share.
There's currently no comprehensive digital privacy law in the United States, unlike in Europe, where a new sweeping suite of online privacy rules is slated to go into effect at the end of May. Companies aren't currently required by federal law to alert users if their data had been stolen or improperly removed from a platform, nor are they required to share what information they collect on people or how it's used.
The momentum in Congress to do something to rein in the sprawling online data collection industry appears to have some support on both sides of the aisle, though it's yet unclear how deep that support goes on either side. The next move belongs to constituents, activists, and advocates.
Warriors owner Eric Watson is in talks to sell the struggling NRL club but may yet retain a small stake in the Penrose-based franchise.
Auckland businessman Paul Davys is the favourite to buy the Warriors outright, but he and Watson are still in negotiations and considering various partnership options.
The Herald understands Watson is unsure if he wants to sever all ties with the club and is considering whether to make a complete sale or sell Davys a share and stay on as a partner.
"Everything's a possibility," Davys said of a potential partnership with Watson.
Advertisement
"At this stage it's just myself but more will be announced. We're still in negotiations so it may not even come to a deal. I don't know, I'm just hoping it does, so that's where I'm at."
The Warriors are understood to be worth between $15 and $20 million and it is unclear whether Davys has the capital to fund the purchase of the club himself or whether he requires financial backing from a third party.
"Mate, I tell you what, I'm happy that it's raining at the moment," he said. "I'm going to follow the end of that rainbow and see if there's a pot of gold to pay for it."
Davys is confident a deal will be struck within the next week and said it would be of no benefit to either party if negotiations were to drag on.
"Without a doubt. For me, if we haven't finalised an agreement, I'd say it would be in mine and the club's best interests that I move on so that we give people clarity in what they're doing."
Uncertainty hangs over what a change in ownership could mean for the club's management structure, but Davys wants managing director Jim Doyle to continue in his job and says he has a key part to play in his plans to rebuild the club.
Doyle owns a 10 per cent share in the Warriors but has no interest in increasing his stake.
His shares may also be sold if Watson opts to offload the entire club.
"There would always be something there for Jim, I would imagine," said Davys.
"He's got a lot of experience in dealing with the NRL and has proven himself to be a pretty savvy NRL administrator, so I'd be stupid not to have someone of that experience and expertise around."
Less certainty surrounds the future of other members of the club's management team but Davys was not willing to speculate on any potential staff changes.
"First things first, you buy this because you're a fan of the game and if you're not a fan of the game you don't buy it. And from there you've got to make corporate decisions, but until you get in there I can't really tell you, so I don't know."
Davys is understood to be impressed with the commercial side of the Warriors business, but is keen to take a hands-on role in overseeing and improving the club's football operations.
With the Warriors already doomed to miss the NRL playoffs for a sixth straight year, he is determined to have direct input into helping the club achieve on-field success.
"One hundred per cent. Anyone who's going to put their money up is going to want to have a level of influence on it because at the end of the day you're the one that's accountable.
"So it's fair to say that I'd be coming in thinking I could offer something that's for sure."
Among the most successful, mid-tier luxury watches, the Hamilton Khaki Aviation Pilot Pioneer Chrono Quartz H76512733 Men's Watch is a remarkable piece exhibiting a great build quality and style that makes it appropriate for the high-speed times, whether it is on the grounds or in the air. Apart from that, the Hamilton Khaki Aviation Pilot Pioneer Chrono Quartz H76512733 Men's Watch boasts of a versatile design that works very well whether you want to dress up or down. This Swiss Chronograph comes with a genuine military heritage, so it is a great watch for them looking for a piece of wearable history.
Hamilton draws its inspiration from none else but from their own archives and creates the models anew, in compliance with the demands of the modern times. The Hamilton Khaki Aviation Pilot Pioneer Chrono Quartz H76512733 Men's Watch, in the same way, interprets an old design under a new light, taking only that much absolutely required to preserve an authentic look. Only that it is a bit larger this time and it makes the Hamilton Khaki Aviation Pilot Pioneer Chrono Quartz H76512733 Men's Watch look cooler than its predecessor, an obscure military issue.
The overall the design of the Hamilton Khaki Aviation Pilot Pioneer Chrono Quartz H76512733 Men's Watch is very successful. It is fun to wear and seemingly, should age well. It's clean and classic in a most refreshing way, which is its uniqueness and it keeps things interesting enough to keep your attention for a long, long time.
The Super-Luminova hands of the Hamilton Khaki Aviation Pilot Pioneer Chrono Quartz H76512733 Men's Watch make it perfectly readable. The watch has an added platform at the side of its case upon which, the crown and the pushers are mounted; it makes it the shape of the watch somewhat asymmetric but imparts it a strong presence. The asymmetry is also present in its dial layout; the 9 and 6'o clock sub-dials being the reasons. It's a nice break from the monotonous, 3-eye chronograph layout we usually come across.
The Caliber G10.211 quartz movement inside the Hamilton Khaki Aviation Pilot Pioneer Chrono Quartz H76512733 Men's Watch belongs to ETA's Fashion Line; are removable and are built on a synthetic base, reducing weight and enhancing durability. It is an entry-level movement but still incorporates the exclusive embedded technologies (PreciDrive and/or PowerDrive) from ETA.
A simple and utilitarian watch with a pretty straightforward design, the Hamilton Mens Watch are a fitting choice for the no-nonsense spirit who admires good taste and a retro feel.
Bottom line:
The Hamilton Khaki Worldtimer Chrono Quartz Men's Watch is heavily influenced by the traditional aviation watches used by the Royal Air Force during the 70s, which also makes it quite a piece of a history to be owned.
NEW YORK (AP) – Disney's Maker Studios and Google's YouTube are distancing themselves from a top YouTube star after he made jokes construed as anti-Semitic and posted Nazi imagery in his videos.
Felix Kjellberg, known online as PewDiePie, has the most popular YouTube channel, with more than 53 million subscribers.
Disney says he crossed the line with some of his videos. In one video, from January, Kjellberg shows two Indian men he paid to hold up a sign that says “Death to all Jews.” Kjellberg said the video was meant to demonstrate how far people will go if they get paid to do something.
Maker Studios says he went too far.
YouTube has canceled the second season of Kjellberg's reality show “Scare PewDiePie.”
(Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.)
2/14/2017 11:13:25 AM (GMT -5:00)
FILE - In this April 1, 2015, file photo, GoDaddy signage and a race car announce the company's IPO, in front of the New York Stock Exchange in New York. GoDaddy announced on Aug. 13, 2017, that has given a prominent white nationalist website that promoted a Virginia rally that ended in deadly violence 24 hours to move its domain to another provider because the site has violated GoDaddy's terms of service. Richard Drew, File AP Photo
In Germany this year, the Protestant church is celebrating 500 years since Martin Luther brought about the Reformation. Today, as the number of churchgoers dwindles, the clergy is turning to new media to appeal to those with little time to attend worship in person.
In the eastern city of Magdeburg, the monotone peal of a single church bell calls a modest flock of parishioners to evening prayers at the Walloon Reformed Church of St. Augustine.
As the faithful file into a High Gothic church where Martin Luther once delivered a sermon, most fumble around in handbags and pockets, looking for their cellphones.
But instead of dutifully switching off their phones and putting them away on this Friday evening, these 40 or so churchgoers take a pew and bow their heads over their lit-up devices as if they were prayer books.
This is a Twitter service, where the congregation is encouraged to tweet about the liturgy and share their prayers online.
Pastor Ralf Peter Reimann says it's an experiment. He believes that social media can help the Protestant church retain and even gain followers, even in today's increasingly secular society.
"There are lots of people who live online," he says. "We want to include these people and offer them to participate in a way that's comfortable to them."
While Reimann preaches from behind the lectern, a chorus of young parishioners perching in the choir stalls tweets about his sermon. Above them, a large screen displays a hash-tagged feed which, in real time, shows tweets coming from both within the church and from around Germany.
"Luther talked about the priesthood of all believers," Reimann says. "So if you use social media, it's not only the pastor communicating on behalf of the church, but Christians communicating among each other."
Although such Twitter services are yet to catch on, embracing the latest media trend is nothing new for Protestants.
Five-hundred years ago, when Martin Luther first protested against corruption in the Catholic Church, it was the then relatively new printing press that helped his challenge to papal authority to "go viral."
Luther's supporters printed his radical ideas in pamphlets. Cheap to produce and easy to distribute, these pamphlets fostered public debate.
Ulrike Zitzlsperger, a professor of German studies at the University of Exeter in England, says the 16th century pamphlet was the social media of Luther's day.
"I think the parallels with the use of Twitter today are really strong," Zitzlsperger says. "You've got a topic that engages not just an educated public but really the wider public, the lay people. Everybody has a say."
Luther's followers shared these pamphlets and responded to them by printing their own. These Twitter-like discussions spread so rapidly that the Catholic Church could do little to censor what it called heresy.
Today though, it's no longer dissent but disinterest that threatens the Christian church in Europe.
Back in Magdeburg, the Twitter service is in full swing. Messages from around Germany, where dozens of others participated, are displayed on the church's interactive screen in front of the altar.
Some posts are encouraging, like the one from a Twitter user who tweets in German, "We all make mistakes. God will show us the right way."
Some users share their private prayers, like one who posts: "I pray for the unborn child in my belly and that it is blessed with good health."
Other users are less convinced. "Sorry, this is too hectic," one writes. "I go to church to find inner peace. I'm signing off."
It's also too much for 86-year-old Ingeborg Brunner, who tiptoes out of church before the Twitter service is over. Brunner doesn't own a smartphone, so she feels somewhat left out.
"It was certainly interesting, but it's not my cup of tea" Brunner admits. "I'm a little old for Twitter. I prefer a proper service, when we get to sing hymns."
While Brunner says she's pleased the church is appealing to the digitally devout, regular churchgoers like her would rather sing than tweet.
After all, congregational singing is another major legacy of the Reformation.
Gain a global perspective on the US and go beyond with curated news and analysis from 600 journalists in 50+ countries covering politics, business, innovation, trends and more.
David Attenborough's blockbuster nature series Planet Earth II is a disaster for the world's wildlife and a significant contributor to planet-wide extinctions, a rival natural history producer claimed.
The BBC program concluded in December and drew audiences of more than 12 million viewers but presents 'an escapist wildlife fantasy' that ignores the damage humans are doing to species everywhere, according to Martin Hughes-Games, a presenter of the BBC's Springwatch, The Guardian reported.
In a direct attack on Attenborough's flagship series, which features a soundtrack by the Hollywood composer Hans Zimmer and became the most-watched nature program in 15 years when it was broadcast last month, Hughes-Games said the makers had ignored evidence of mass extinction, most recently from the World Wide Fund for Nature and the Zoological Society of London, which reported last year that between 1970 and 2012 there had been a 58 percent decline in the abundance of vertebrates worldwide.
“These programs are still made as if this worldwide mass extinction is simply not happening,” he said. “The producers continue to go to the rapidly shrinking parks and reserves to make their films — creating a beautiful, beguiling, fantasy world, a utopia where tigers still roam free and untroubled, where the natural world exists as if man had never been.”
The result is that Attenborough and others 'are lulling the huge worldwide audience into a false sense of security,” he said. “No hint of the continuing disaster is allowed to shatter the illusion'.
Attenborough, however, did use the series to make an impassioned plea for greater conservation. At the end of the final episode he spoke of “our responsibility to do everything within our power to create a planet that provides a home not just for us, but for all life on Earth”.
He has also insisted that his programs enable an increasingly urbanized global population to remain in touch with nature. “More people are out of touch with the natural world than have ever been,” Attenborough said at a press conference to launch the series in October. “But since we depend on the natural world, understanding it is absolutely paramount. Television can provide that link better than ever before, in some ways. Fifty years ago, there was hardly a species on [Planet Earth II] that anyone would have seen. Now everybody has. It's remarkable, and it's valuable.”
The BBC declined to comment on Hughes-Games's criticism that the impression of pristine wildlife Attenborough's shows create was misleading.
“Even as Planet Earth II was being broadcast, it was reported that elephant and lion numbers were tumbling, and last month it became clear that the giraffe could be heading towards extinction, with numbers plummeting by 40 percent in the past 15 years,” Hughes-Games said.
There is, however, also evidence of improving fortunes for some species. Tiger numbers are thought to be increasing and the giant panda has recently been removed from the list of endangered species.
Hughes-Games said he was not arguing that programs such as Planet Earth II should not be made. He said “fantasy should be balanced by reality” and urged the BBC to commit to making more wildlife programs that overtly address conservation.
Hughes-Games proposed injecting conservation themes into TV dramas and children's programming. He said: “As a matter of urgency, a development team should be set up to think how the reality of what's happening to wildlife worldwide can be portrayed in ¬innovative ways, integrated in dramas, in children's shows — in collaborations with — producers like Aardman Animations, perhaps, or video diaries of ¬inspirational people working with animals.”
FILE - In this Feb. 25, 2016, file photo, children hold signs during a rally in support of public charter schools at the Capitol in Olympia, Wash. Support for charter schools has fallen significantly over the past year, according to a national opinion poll. Only 39 percent of respondents say they support the formation of charter schools, compared to 51 percent last year. The study was released by Education Next, an education journal published by Harvard's Kennedy School and Stanford University. Ted S. Warren, File AP Photo
Cyril Abiteboul
After the highs of a very decent run of eight consecutive finishes in the points culminating in our home Grand Prix in France, Austria was like a crash landing. Although the circuit did not play to our strengths, we must do better. While the race did not go our way, it certainly benefited our rivals, who took advantage of three retirements in the top teams to finish higher than usual in the rankings.
The sign of a good team is the ability to react quickly and come back stronger. Even in the short turnaround between Austria and Silverstone we must improve reliability, recover our more usual competitiveness level and further our understanding around tyre management. We know Silverstone will be a tough challenge but we will keep pushing to get back on target. It's our second home race, just down the road from the factory, so another double finish would be a welcome fillip as we head towards the summer break.
Nick Chester
After the disappointment in Austria, the team heads just 19 miles from its Enstone home for the British Grand Prix, the final leg of Formula 1's first triple-header. Chassis Technical Director Nick Chester explains his vision for Silverstone.
What can we say about Silverstone?
Silverstone is actually quite a tricky track in lots of ways. It has a lot of high speed corners and changes of direction, so you need a nice stable car. A Formula 1 car tends to understeer at Silverstone, and that emphasises the need for a strong front end, if not then it can be a struggle in the high-speed corners. Balancing the requirements of good stability and a strong front end is difficult and further complicated by the need to reduce drag if possible on this high-speed track. We'll be seeing the hardest tyre compounds from the Pirelli range, mainly because the corners are so fast and that means high energy input into the tyres. Preserving tyre performance will be a significant focus of our weekend.
And how difficult can the Great British weather be to work around?
The weather is always interesting around the British Grand Prix! Silverstone is actually quite high up for the locality, and it can be quite windy, which brings a real fuss in the high-speed corners. Of course, it can be hot, or wet, or cold across the same day or weekend. It's usually quite challenging.
What's been the biggest challenge for Formula 1's first triple-header?
The logistics of it all has been hard, especially getting the cars turned around and getting parts replaced for mileage. It's tough on the mechanics, they have a hard run through three back-to-back races. Silverstone is a bit of an advantage as it's close to the factory, and that makes it easier to get parts to the track, but it's still a challenge being the end of a three-race cycle.
It's the team's second home race in three weeks, does that bring extra pressure?
You try to do the best you can at every race. You take as many development parts as you can manage to the earliest possible occasion. A home race doesn't really change the plan, Silverstone is that bit easier because if you have anything last minute, you can get it to the track. Home advantage helps!
Nico Hülkenberg
Nico Hülkenberg left Austria empty-handed, but heads to Silverstone in a determined mood as he aims to get back on track at one of his favourite circuits.
What do you like about Silverstone?
Silverstone is an awesome circuit, purely because it's very high-speed. The old corner combinations of Maggots, Becketts and Chapel are really cool and especially quick in the modern Formula 1 car. You can really feel the forces, and it's a tough, physical challenge. Striking a good, high-speed balance is important to extract the most performance. Silverstone is a good, challenging, physical lap but satisfying when you nail it.
What makes Silverstone so special?
Great Britain is one of the historic Grands Prix. You get a sense of the roots of car racing there. The atmosphere is always special too, and that gives you a buzz. The grandstands are packed out throughout the weekend and it's always great to see that. It's the second home race for the team, so that carries extra meaning and significance. We enjoyed a bright result there last year – my best qualifying and joint-best result.
Why do you think you go so well in Great Britain?
It's a track that suits my driving style. Big, high-speed corners, a lot of downforce, which requires a bit of grit to get the most out of the car. It's definitely encouraging to have a good record at Silverstone – five-points scoring finishes in a row there – so let's get to work and aim to make it six this weekend.
How keen are you to bounce back with a positive result?
We have an immediate opportunity to return to the points after the frustration of Austria. It's been a busy few weeks but I'm targeting a bright result to finish off this busy period on a good note.
Carlos Sainz
A twelfth place in Austria ended Carlos Sainz' six race points-scoring streak, as the Spaniard sets his sights on returning to the top ten at a fast and thrilling Silverstone circuit.
What stands out about Silverstone?
Silverstone is certainly up there as one of my favourite tracks on the Formula 1 calendar. It's so fast, and simply a track for drivers. My favourite part of the track is easy to pick! Sector two! It's probably the best sector of all circuits. Going fast through Copse gives you a buzz, but it gets even better through the next complex of Maggots, Becketts and Chapel as you find a rhythm with the car to go left-right-left and right again at very high-speed. It's such a thrill.
And what's there to say about the Great British weather?
The weather seems to be a frequent talking point in Great Britain. Rain always makes things more interesting and it is a challenge to drive these Formula 1 cars in wet conditions. Silverstone might provide that, you never know! I visit Enstone quite frequently, so you could say I'm well accustomed to the area, and what the weather might do. The weather will never stop the British fans from turning up in big numbers at Silverstone. What I find really impressive, is the fact the fans will be there all day, in any conditions. That's what makes Silverstone special, the supporters are very passionate for motorsport.
Why is Silverstone so special to you?
Silverstone is where I tested a Formula 1 car for the first time in 2013. That was one of the most special days of my life and something I will never forget.
How's the mood heading to Great Britain?
The weekend in Austria was going well for the team up until Sunday. It was a disappointing race for both cars, everyone has them throughout the course of a season, so we want to brush that one aside and focus on Silverstone. There's no reason why we can't be back in the top ten.
Pune, India, May, 2018 /MRFR Press Release/- Market research future published a research report on Direct drive wind turbine. The Direct drive wind turbine is expected to grow at a CAGR of about 11.5% during the forecast period 2018 to 2022.
Market Highlights
Direct drive wind turbine is a mechanism where the gearbox is eliminated and the power is directly transferred from the motor without any reductions. The advantages of direct drive wind turbine are increased efficiency, reduced noise and higher torque with low rpm.
The report has analyzed the market based on capacities, technologies and regions. Based on capacities, the market is segmented as less than 1MW, 1MW to 3MW and more than 3MW. Among the three, the 1 MW to 3 MW segment dominates the market with the highest share. Based on technologies, the market is further bifurcated as electrically excited synchronous generator and permanent magnet synchronous generator. With the increase in offshore activities, PMSG technology is expected to experience high growth during the forecast period. Europe, of all regions, has the largest market share based due to forefront investment countries such as Spain, U.K., Germany, Ireland and France. The global direct drive wind turbine market is expected to cross USD XX A Billion Mark by the end of forecast period and is expected to grow approximately at 11.5% CAGR from 2018 to 2022.
Download the sample report for more information @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/sample_request/2465
Key Players
GE Renewable Energy (U.S.), Siemens AG (Germany), Goldwind Science & Technology Co. Ltd. (China), Leitwind AG (Italy), ENERCON GmbH (Germany), Xiangtan Electric Manufacturing Group (China), Emergya Wind Technologies B.V. (The Netherlands), VENSYS Energy AG (Germany), Windtronics LLC (U.S.) and American Superconductor Corporation (U.S.) are some of the leading players operating in this market.
Scope of the Report
This study provides an overview of the global direct drive wind turbine market, tracking two market segments across four geographic regions. The report studies key players, providing a five-year annual trend analysis that highlights market size, volume and share for Asia-Pacific, North America, Europe and Rest of the World (ROW). The report also provides a forecast, focusing on the market opportunities for the next five years for each region. The scope of the study segments the global direct drive wind turbine market by its capacity, technology and region.
By Capacity
Less than 1MW
1MW to 3MW
More than 3MW
By Technology
Electrically Excited Synchronous Generator (EESG)
Permanent Magnet Synchronous Generator (PMSG)
By Region
Asia Pacific
North America
Europe
Rest of World
Target Audience
Manufactures
Raw Materials Suppliers
Aftermarket suppliers
Research Institute / Education Institute
Potential Investors
Key executive (CEO and COO) and strategy growth manager
Regional Analysis
Europe has the largest market share
Europe dominates the market and expected to grow approximately at XX% CAGR during the forecast period. The favorable governments regulations have resulted in increased investments in wind energy in the region.
Asia-Pacific is another lucrative market which is experiencing a rapid adoption of gearless wind turbines, especially from emerging economies in the region such as China and India.
Enquiry for this report @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/enquiry/2465
Follow CBSMIAMI.COM: Facebook | Twitter
MIAMI (CBSMiami) – The Florida Department of Law Enforcement is investigating a deadly officer-involved shooting in Miami Lakes.
Police say an off-duty Miami Police officer was forced to fire while trying to stop a confrontation in which a man was stabbing a woman.
A day later, the woman's sister will meet the cop who stepped in to save her sister. During a press conference Monday evening, the sister plans to thank the officer for his involvement. While the officer will be present, he does not plan on making any statements, according to the Fraternal Order of Police.
The officer who was off-duty but in uniform at the time was headed home when he got a call about a woman screaming in an area near to him early Sunday morning.
The officer headed to the area – Northwest 64th Avenue and 159th Street – near to Miami Lakes Middle School. That's where investigators said the cop tried to help during an altercation between 27-year-old Yurien Rodriguez-Perez and a man.
During the altercation, the man started stabbing Rodriguez-Perez, forcing the officer to shoot, police say.
“I heard seven shots and I heard a guy was holding a lady's neck and cut her face, and police asked to let her go,” said a neighbor on Sunday.
Crews airlifted Rodriguez-Perez to Jackson Memorial Hospital where she is recovering from stab wounds.
“He did everything possible to save this woman. He was at the right place at the right time,” said Miami Fraternal Order of Police President Javier Ortiz. “There was nothing else he could have done to prevent a heinous crime.”
The president of the police union says the officer – who has not been identified – has been with the department less than a year.
Ortiz said the rookie cop is upset he had to fire his weapon.
He says the officer will be assigned to ‘desk duty' pending the investigation.
The Elk Street McDonald's is open and ready to serve you!
The Elk Street location is looking good and so are the two weeks of great deals to celebrate it.
Grand opening specials run April 25 thru May 8.
Swing by to check out the brand-new remodel. Each time you use the new service kiosks from April 25 to May 8, McDonald's will donate 50 cents toward Kari's Access Awards.
.
Amazing Deals
$2.99 Sausage Egg McMuffin or Egg McMuffin Extra Value Meals
$1.99 Hotcake and Sausage
2 for $5 – Big Mac, Filet, 10-piece Nuggets, and Triple Cheeseburger
.
Upcoming Events
Grand opening week with great specials run April 25 thru May 8.
McTeacher Night, a Desert View Elementary fundraiser – April 25th from 5-7 pm
Rock Springs Chamber Ribbon Cutting – April 25 at Noon
Kari's Access Awards fundraiser is on May 8 Each time you use the new service kiosks from April 25 to May 8, McDonald's will donate 50 cents toward Kari's Access Awards
Paid Advertisement - This post was paid for by the business or individual represented above. We reserve the right to remove any comments. If you'd like to advertise your business in a future promotion similar to this, call our Advertising Team at 307-922-0700 or send us a message.
In this Aug. 14, 2017 photo, Tatsuya Yasue, 89-year-old farmer, wipes his tears while taking about his brother Sadao Yasue, who fell in battle during the war in Pacific more than 70 years ago, in Higashishirakawa, in central Japan's Gifu prefecture. Former U.S. Marine Marvin Strombo will return Sadao's calligraphy-covered flag he took from the fallen Japanese soldier 73 years ago. Eugene Hoshiko AP Photo
$11.77 per week *
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $11.77 per week.
You will be billed $66.30 per month after the trial ends
WASHINGTON — For all the anticipation that preceded the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau's final small-dollar lending rule, a picture of how the rule will affect banks and credit unions is still quite hazy.
The regulation opens the door for depository institutions to offer certain installment loans, with terms of over 45 days, as a result of the CFPB excluding those loans from tough underwriting requirements targeted at shorter-term payday loans.
Warren, NJ/ 2018: Wall cabinets can accentuate the overall look of your home or office. They provide additional storage & help in keeping the place clutter free. Keeping in mind the need of people, Washington Valley Cabinet Shop provides excellent quality cabinets to their clients residing across Warren, NJ.
It is full service cabinet shop providing an extensive range of stock, semi- custom & full- custom cabinetry to their clientele. It aims at providing superior quality cabinets and also ensure prompt services.
Wall Cabinets At The Store:
The shop offers a wide variety of wall cabinets to their clients which they can get installed in their library, office, living room etc. They offer cabinets of different colors, finishes & wood choices to meet the requirements & needs of their customers. Quality materials are used in the cabinets for best results.
Also, their experienced craftsmen dedicatedly work on custom manufacturing the wall units while keeping in mind the intricate details. So, the elegant wall cabinets serve twin benefits by being stylish as well providing ample storage space. The staff at the store makes sure that you get exactly what you need by understanding your requirements at the first place. Also, they assist you in finding a cabinet which perfectly blends in with the décor of your room.
Apart from helping customers find an ideal wall cabinet, their technicians help in successfully installing the wall cabinet at your place. They closely work with the architect, interior designers and contractors to make sure that the wall cabinet is installed proficiently.
Why Choose Them?
• Affordable rates
• Excellent quality cabinets
• Hassle free installation
• Experienced & friendly staff
• Great Cabinetry Collection
• Timely Services
Other Cabinet Types Offered:
• Bathroom Cabinets
• Kitchen Cabinets
• Office Cabinets
• Entertainment Units
To know more about the wall cabinets provided by Washington Valley Cabinet Shop, call at (732) 469 – 2422 or visit 1930 Washington Valley Rd, Martinsville, NJ 08836. You can also log on to their website http://www.washingtonvalleycabinet.com/ for more information.
Whether either Willie Mullins or Gordon Elliott will get a bigger kick out of winning the trainers championship than John Gleeson did for Just Wait And See's triumph over the Punchestown banks on Tuesday must be debatable.
Gleeson watched his son Billy guide the 16-1 shot to a dramatic head defeat of JP McManus's 7-4 favourite Blue Templar and proclaimed it to be “the biggest buzz I've ever had in my life.”
The family success was a Mark back to the jump game's traditional roots as the Co Limerick trainer admitted: “I only have a handful of horses to keep an interest in the game. I said to him to ride him up there and he'd jump away grand.”
Gleeson Jnr has worked for Willie Mullins for two years but rode his first racecourse winner just last month. This time he got the better of no less than Derek O'Connor on the run-in of the Kildare Hunt Perpetual Cup.
Real fun horse
“We've had the horse since he was four and he's pulled up more times than he has placed. He's a real fun horse, a very clever jumper. God knows how many fences he's jumped in his life,” joked the rider.
The nine-times champion amateur Patrick Mullins teamed up with Pat Fahy to land the bumper on Kalum River who got the better of Barrington Court in a good finish.
“That was unbelievable. He showed us an awful lot after being broken. The heavy winter and the heavy gallops were so hard on him and he kind of went off I'd say,” Fahy said afterwards.
“I thought if he'd been fourth I'd be extremely happy. Patrick said he couldn't even pull him up. It's nice to get an odd surprise!” he added.
Kalum River was the third 16-1 winner of the day on a card which didn't provide a single winning favourite.
Make informed decisions.
Become an FT subscriber.
Keep abreast of significant corporate, financial and political developments around the world. Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting, expert commentary and analysis you can trust.
TAMPA, Fla. - Detectives in Florida said they've found a woman safe after she was seen on a surveillance video falling from a moving SUV.
Hillsborough County sheriff's officials said in a Tuesday news release that the 21-year-old woman had suffered road rash but had not sought medical attention. She told investigators that she fell out after leaning against a previously damaged door.
The woman had been riding with her boyfriend, his sister and the sister's 1-year-old son. They told authorities they had just left a nearby Walmart.
The Monday afternoon incident was captured on surveillance video at an intersection near the University of South Florida in Tampa. The woman appeared to be unconscious after the fall, which prompted the search for her.
Detectives have categorized the case as an accidental injury. No charges are expected.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
A bomb blast blamed on the outlawed Kurdistan Workers' Party (PKK) has claimed the lives of two Turkish civilians in the country's restive southeast.
Turkey's official Anadolu news agency said the incident took place on Monday, when a PKK roadside bomb struck the vehicle of two workers at a construction site in the Semdinli district of Hakkari Province near the Iraqi border.
"Two civilians have been killed after the detonation of an improvised explosive device (IED). An investigation into the attack has been launched and is ongoing," a statement released by the Hakkari governor's office noted.
In a similar incident on Saturday, two Turkish soldiers were fatally injured after their military convoy was targeted by the militant group in the southeastern province of Batman. The soldiers succumbed to their wounds after being moved to a local hospital.
Turkey has banned the PKK as a terrorist organization. The militant group has been calling for an autonomous Kurdish region since 1984. The conflict has left more than 40,000 people, mostly Kurds, dead.
A shaky ceasefire between Ankara and the PKK that had stood since 2013 was declared null and void by the militants in 2015 in the wake of a large-scale Turkish military campaign against the group.
Turkish air force has been carrying out operations against the PKK positions in the country's troubled southeastern border region as well as in northern Iraq and neighboring Syria.
When we lie awake at night, unable to sleep, we usually blame stress, depression, anxiety, adrenaline or the memory of something stupid we said in 2003.
But what if our guts were actually the culprit? What if the trillions of microbes sitting in our small intestines – known collectively as the microbiome or microbiota – were actually affecting our mood, digestion, overall health and ability to get a full eight hours' shut-eye?
Scientists are beginning to suspect there is a strong, if as yet unproven, link between gut health – the diversity and wellbeing of bacteria in the stomach, small and large intestines – and sleep health.
What we don't fully understand yet is the role of the microbiome in sleep
“This is an embryonic field right now in the annals of sleep research,” says Matt Walker, the author of Why We Sleep and the director of the Center for Human Sleep Science at the University of California, Berkeley. “We know an enormous amount about the relationship between a lack of sleep and appetite, obesity and weight gain, as well as aspects of insulin resistance and glucose regulation. What we don't fully understand yet is the role of the microbiome in sleep.”
We know that sleep deprivation increases our chances of obesity and affects the way we control food intake. Lack of sleep results in a decrease in leptin, the hormone that makes us feel full, and a surge in ghrelin, which stops us feeling satisfied with the food we do eat. That means we keep eating – sometimes as much as an extra 300 calories a day. Lack of sleep also affects the parts of our brain responsible for impulse control, leaving us with very little chance of eating healthily and taking care of that gut ecosystem. Poor sleep, then, can certainly affect our gut.
The question is, could our gut affect our sleep?
“Is improving gut health a possible new sleep therapy? That is one of our least understood but most exciting possibilities,” says Walker.
Dr Michael Breus, a clinical psychologist and fellow of the American Academy of Sleep Medicine, agrees that this is a possibility worth pursuing. “There is no question in my mind that gut health is linked to sleep health, although we do not have the studies to prove it yet. Scientists investigating the relationship between sleep and the microbiome are finding that the microbial ecosystem may affect sleep and sleep-related physiological functions in a number of different ways: shifting circadian rhythms, altering the body's sleep-wake cycle, affecting hormones that regulate sleep and wakefulness. ”
While we wait for the definitive science, Breus suggests taking probiotics (a type of live bacteria) and prebiotics (non-digestible carbohydrates, mainly fibre) to feed the good bacteria in our guts. The benefits of probiotics for the gut are well documented. A recent study from scientists at the University of Colorado, published in Frontiers of Behavioural Neuroscience, suggests that prebiotics could have a significant effect on the quality of non-REM and REM sleep. This is something insomniac Dr Michael Mosley tested out with some success in a recent BBC documentary – he took prebiotics for five days and saw improvement in his sleep. The day before the experiment, Mosley spent 21 per cent of his time in bed awake; by the final day, that was down to 8 per cent.
This is, of course, anecdotal – but nevertheless interesting.
Tim Spector, professor of genetic epidemiology at King's College London and the author of The Diet Myth, agrees that a healthy gut could promote good sleep. Like Walker and Breus, he also believes gut health is linked to our moods. That is particularly interesting for someone like me, who suffers from both depression and insomnia. I live with bipolar disorder; my moods affect my sleep, and, traditionally, I would expect my brain to be in charge of that. But it turns out it is not that simple.
I've always found that if you help someone sleep, it improves their depression, and vice versa
“We know that people who live with depression and people who sleep poorly both have abnormal microbes in the gut, which would suggest there is a very real connection here between all three,” says Spector. “I've always found that if you help someone sleep, it improves their depression, and vice versa. If we can also look after the gut, this may have an impact on both sleep disturbances and mood disorders.”
It has long been known that there is a reciprocal relationship between depression and sleep, in that most depressed people sleep poorly and many insomniacs develop depressive symptoms.
Spector is convinced that you can improve sleep disturbance with diet. “That was dismissed until recently by psychiatrists and sleep therapists, but if we eat badly, we sleep badly,” he says. “If you wanted to improve sleep, you could try a gut-friendly regime by eating a broad and inclusive diet with real food, not processed. Everyone is going to be different. You could try being vegetarian for a month and see if it helps. Double your fibre intake and eat fermented foods every day, such as full-fat yoghurt and good-quality cheeses. Increase the range of foods in your diet.
“Eat berries, green tea, 70 per cent dark chocolate, decaffeinated coffee, nuts and seeds. Don't eat just before you go to bed, but equally, don't go hungry. Avoid snacking before bedtime. I don't want to be too prescriptive but really, if you want richer microbes, you'll eat more of a range of foods and that will induce chemicals that will calm you.”
As for the bedtime routine, Christine Hansen, author of Sleep Like a Boss, has some further tips. “My general advice is to eat low-glycaemic index foods before bed because they'll release the energy more slowly. If you do eat high-GI foods, like a dessert or sugar or something refined, pair it with some protein or fibre.
“For example, if you have white bread, have it with cream cheese and banana or eggs. If you want crackers, go for wholegrain. You probably don't want to eat food before bed that's difficult to digest – fried food or heavy meats, for example. Go for fish or chicken rather than sitting down for a big steak, and try to indulge at lunchtime rather than dinner to give yourself the best chance at sleep.”
– Guardian
Benedict Cumberbatch, Robert Downey Jr., Mark Ruffalo, and Benedict Wong in Avengers: Infinity War. © 2018 - Marvel Studios
Later this week, a decade of interconnected storytelling across the 18 (18!) installments of the Marvel Cinematic Universe movies will culminate in what's expected to be one of the biggest box office openings of the year (and maybe ever), Avengers: Infinity War. With its promise of majorly consequential developments for the Avengers, Guardians of the Galaxy, and Wakandans who populate the film, the release means that moviegoers who don't want to know what happens in advance may find navigating the internet over the next few days to be tougher than collecting a full gauntlet of infinity stones. But it's not just the usual threat of spoilers, which will trickle out via premiere events and early reviews, that fans have to worry about this time around: There are groups online making a concerted effort to spoil the movie for audiences, purely to land a blow in the latest bout of the culture wars.
In its guide to warding off Infinity War spoilers, Polygon warned of a “notorious” Facebook group called Down With Disney's Treatment of Franchises and Its Fanboys, which is apparently speerheading a spoiling campaign. The post included a screenshot of a Facebook event the group is hosting called “Let's Ruin Avengers: Infinity War for Disney Fanatics and SJWs,” which encourages its members to leave rotten reviews on Rotten Tomatoes and reveal plot details both in real life and on the internet, by doing things like searching fan discussions online and entering them unbidden, spoilers blazing. A #DCOverMarvel hashtag offers a clue that some of this is motivated by the pre-existing animus between fans of DC and Marvel, which are longtime rival comics companies, but the “SJW” in the event title also hints that it's about more than loyalty to one particular brand over another: Spoiling Infinity War also means taking a stand against some of the progressive values the Marvel Cinematic Universe has embraced, such as inclusion and diversity. (Of course, the movies don't actually have to be all that progressive to earn this supposed knock.)
Spoiler trolling on an individual level is a well-documented behavior—there's always going to be some jerkface who revels in ruining things for other people. What does feel new is the systematization of this practice, which seeks to transform bad fan reviews and spoilers into industrial-strength weapons. Now, we can take this one Facebook campaign with a grain of salt—despite what Polygon said about the reputation of the group, its numbers on Facebook are far from legion. But taken with recent controversies involving Rotten Tomatoes—in which disgruntled fans tried to tank the ratings of Ghostbusters (for starring women) and The Last Jedi (for being insufficiently reverent of the Star War mythos) and reacted negatively to the site's handling of Justice League, this latest campaign says something ugly about our culture's ability to turn everything, even the release of a superhero tentpole, into some kind of online skirmish. Post-GamerGate and the 2016 presidential election, online campaigns feel a lot more sinister than they used to. What's even more stunning is that this involves a bunch of characters originally created for children—which underscores both the pettiness of the spoiler campaign and the slightly depressing hold that cinematic superheroes have on our culture. All this over Captain America? Wouldn't it be nice if we could just leave all the infinity warring to the Avengers?
It's good news that a $10 million "Sorted Schools" programme to teach kids about money will be introduced in some New Zealand schools. However, that's no reason to relax. When it comes to improving our country's poor financial literacy levels, the responsibility remains first and foremost on parents.
It's never too early to teach kids the value of money, particularly when experts say people have formed their future money habits by the age of 7. So giving kids the tools while they're growing up will help them to manage their finances in adulthood and potentially save them from unsustainable debt later in life.
In fact, pocket money for kids could be their gateway to greater financial freedom and more Kiwi families need to re-instigate the age-old practice
Overseeing a meaningful pocket money arrangement from the outset is key. The main thing to avoid is giving pocket money as a fixed entitlement with absolutely no strings attached. Kids need to know why they are getting it and have plenty of opportunity to maximise it.
Advertisement
For our children, we devised a system that paid them a bonus if they finished a particular job within deadline. An incentive to earn more than the usual flat fee will spark a lot of kids into action. Likewise, a roster on the fridge outlining household chores can be a central focus but it's important not to turn it into boot camp.
You've got to make sure your kids enjoy the journey and feel an important and valued part of the household along the way. What's more parents should encourage kids to be creative, innovative and entrepreneurial in the process.
The kids can sell fruit to the neighbours and friends and if you don't have a fruit tree, the kids can plant one and reap the rewards. The learning process is important. Likewise, kids can make or find things to sell on the likes of Facebook or Trademe.
For very young children it's often about having a small purse or piggy bank with shiny coins in it. If they want a toy, then that's your opportunity to begin making the connection between money and what it can buy. At the same time, you can teach them that coins are valuable and need to be kept in a safe place.
Whereas for older children, you can introduce concepts such as hourly rates where they can negotiate a bit with you. Parents should also take the time to show them how online banking works, and what interest rate their savings will earn.
As kids get older they love apps so find them a savings one that makes it interesting and fun such as Pocketsmith or Rooster Money. Help them set some goals so they can work out the amount they need to save every week to get there.
While having kids save some of their pocket money is an important part of the equation, so too is spending, as is giving to charity.
Weekly instalments of pocket money may work well for younger kids. However, as they get older, the next important lesson is how to budget. That's when it's a good idea to stretch out the pocket money payday to once a fortnight. For older teens, you might even want to go to a monthly allowance which will really test their budgeting skills.
When it comes to money, delayed gratification is something our grandparents knew a lot about, whereas instant gratification is what millennials are often more associated with. The reality is every generation lives in a somewhat different world and we can learn from the positives of each.
Regardless of different generational expectations and practices some things never change.
When it comes to money skills the greatest lesson we can give our kids is to reinforce that in life nothing is for free. Money comes from hard work and being careful – not just out of a wall!
If people don't learn about the value of money and its basic management when they're young, they'll be a lot more susceptible to the likes of crippling credit debt and car loans.
And as they get older the numbers just keep getting bigger and bigger. This is of course not helped by all the easy credit that's available, together with all the expectation, pressure and choice young people face today.
Again, well done to the Commission for Financial Capability on its "Sorted Schools" financial literacy programme. However, the role of parents in teaching children good money skills is arguably more important now than ever before.
• Michael Cave is an authorised financial adviser and managing director of Cave Financial.
By Davies Iheamnachor
PORT HARCOURT— People's Democratic Party, PDP, in Rivers State has said Governor Nyesom Wike has put an end to the aged-long riverine/upland dichotomy in Rivers State.
Publicity Secretary of PDP in the state, Samuel Nwanosike, stated this, Monday, at Buguma in Asari-Toru Local Government Area of the state, while receiving members of All Progressives Congress, APC, who decamped to PDP through Grassroots Development Initiatives, GDI.
Nwanosike said: “We have a leader and that is Wike, the Governor of Rivers State. He is making us proud. He has changed the face of the Rivers people. He has managed our economy very well, he has given us good roads.
“Today, you cannot differentiate between the riverine and the upland, because everywhere is connected by roads, credit to Wike and nobody can change that vision.
“As the spokesperson of PDP, Wike has completed every arrangement to complete the internal roads for Kalabari people before he leaves office. Wike had come to wipe away the tears of the Kalabari people. He belongs to all the ethnic groups in the state, that is why his developmental strides spread across the 23 local government areas of the state.”
Sydney, NSW (May 31, 2018) – At Australian Telemarketing Leads, they have the right understanding that selecting the right telemarketing services is not an easy task. So, they make this obstacle a lot easier for their clients by offering an all-inclusive discussion with them for discussing their needs not just for telemarketing services, but also for appointment setting and lead generation.
Also, this company specialises in generating Australian lists for their clients say that “We will show you exactly how we set up an effective telemarketing system that strategically scours your target audience and get you more appointments and Australian Leads”.
For more than a decade now, the company has customised a wide range of telemarketing campaigns to fit the specific needs of their customers. Be it face-to-face appointment setting, membership drives, insurance X-date acquisition, and many other tactics are followed by the company to make sure that their customers get the Australian consumer leads.
When this company handles the telemarketing campaigns of their clients, the latter will be in a position to get an entire team of marketers and even back-office solutions at an affordable cost that too without bringing any compromise on the quality of service. They will also provide Australian business database to ensure proper growth for their customers.
About Australian Telemarketing Leads:
This company specialises in providing both raw telemarketing lists and even premium business leads to their customers, which they have harvested right from the first year of their operation to-date.
For more information, please visit https://australiantelemarketingleads.com
Media Contact:
Trevor Epps
02 8317 3559
trevor@australiantelemarketingleads.com
377 Kent St.
Sydney, 2000
NSW
Australia
Website: https://australiantelemarketingleads.com
###
BRUSSELS - A Belgian court on Monday sentenced the sole surviving suspect in the Paris attacks, Salah Abdeslam, to 20 years in prison on terror charges over a bloody gun battle with police in Brussels days before his capture in 2016.
Abdeslam's co-defendant Sofiane Ayari received the same sentence after the pair were convicted of terrorism-related attempted murder over the shootout in which four police officers were wounded.
Judges at the court in Brussels said that "there can be no doubt about their commitment to radicalism" as they handed down the maximum jail term demanded by Belgian prosecutors at the trial in February.
Neither Abdeslam, 28, a Belgian-born French national, nor Ayari, a 24-year-old Tunisian citizen, was in court to hear the verdict.
Abdeslam is being held in jail in France pending a separate trial over the November 2015 Paris attacks, claimed by the Islamic State jihadist group, in which 130 people died.
The pair were convicted of opening fire on a team of Belgian and French police who raided a flat in the Forest area of Brussels on March 15, 2016, following a tip-off about the Paris attacks. A third jihadist was killed in the raid.
At the time Abdeslam was regarded as the most wanted man in Europe.
- 'Allah guided me' -
Abdeslam, a Belgian-born French national, fled the scene but was arrested three days later in the large immigrant Molenbeek area of the Belgian capital, near his family home.
On March 22, suicide bombers from a cell linked to the Paris attacks killed 32 people and wounded hundreds more at Brussels airport and a metro station in the Belgian capital.
Abdeslam's lawyer Sven Mary told reporters outside the court that he would consult with his client at the prison where he is being held in France "and then we will see if he wants to lodge an appeal."
He said Abdeslam would likely have to serve the full Belgian 20-year term on top of any sentence that arises from the French trial over the Paris attacks.
The judgment said Abdeslam had written a document addressed to his mother saying that "Allah guided me and chose me among his servants to open his path. It is for that reason that I had to fight the enemies of Allah with all my strength."
He added that his brother Brahim, who blew himself up during the Paris attacks, "did not commit suicide -- he is a hero of Islam."
Monday's judgement said a total of 34 shots were fired during the shootout.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Shocking video footage has been released of a dangerous driver who risks his life shamelessly weaving between the barriers at a level crossing - as they're going DOWN.
The footage, released by Network Rail, shows the driver of a silver Citroen at Langley Green level crossing near Oldbury , on Friday February 3.
The reckless manoeuvre saw the speeding car narrowly miss two barriers as they lowered, before speeding off.
Police said they are still hunting the driver responsible.
Ben Parish, route level crossing manager for Network Rail, said: “This selfish driver had callous neglect for the safety of themselves and others by ignoring the barriers and signals. Level crossing barriers and warning lights are there to help road users, pedestrians and railway users stay safe. Misusing crossings in this way could result in serious injury or worse.
“I can't emphasise strongly enough the importance of sensible level crossing use. If anyone has any concerns about a level crossing I would urge them to contact us immediately.”
Inspector Dave Rams from the British Transport Police in Birmingham said: “Unfortunately, it has not been possible to identify the driver involved in this incident and we'd always urge anyone with information about level crossing misuse to contact us.
“Busier level crossings have warning lights and ignoring them is dealt with the same as ignoring a red traffic light. You risk losing your licence, a £1000 fine and, in the most serious cases, charges such as dangerous driving.
“Alongside Network Rail, we work around the year to encourage safer use of level crossings, including high visibility patrols and mobile camera operations to deter and catch offenders. I'd urge people to heed this warning and not risk their lives – or those of others – for the sake of waiting just a few moments for a train to pass.”
To report incidents like this or any other railway-related crime contact Network 24 hours-a-day on 03457 11 41 41. For more information on level crossings visit www.networkrail.co.uk/level-crossings .
Global Organic Soups Market: Overview
The global organic soups market estimated valuation is US$1,895.5 Mn in 2017 and is anticipated to be worth US$2,497.8 Mn by the end of 2022. Witnessing profound potential in the food retail sector in various regions, the market is estimated to expand at a CAGR of 5.7% during 2017–2022.
The demand for fresh, all-natural, and gluten-free foods among consumers has gained prominence in recent years in various parts of the world. The rising demand for packaged soups that are sourced using natural ingredients, have loads of nutrients, and fresh in flavor and taste is a key factor propelling the demand for organic soups in the food sector. These soups are packaged so as to facilitate easy storage and allows convenience in preparation. The advent of organic soups that compare favorably with home-made soups in terms of nutrients and freshness is a crucial factor fueling the growth of the market. The rising interest among consumers in low-sodium soups and their growing proclivity for all-natural soups also containing a variety of exotic blends and flavors are key factors expected to catalyze the market throughout the forecast period.
Request For Report Brochure For Latest Industry Insights @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=B&rep_id=31418
Extensive Demand for Instant Ready Soups to Account for Dominance of Ready to Serve Wet Soups
The major product types of organic soups are soup pre-mixes, ready to serve wet soups, and condensed wet soups. Of these, the ready to serve wet soup segment accounts for the dominant share. The demand for these types of organic soups is preferred on account of easy preparation methods. Furthermore, the burgeoning demand for quick meal among families in various developing regions is a prominent trend likely to accentuate the demand.
The estimated share of the segment of serve wet soup is 32.5% in 2017 or US$ 615.1 Mn of the market. The segment is projected rise at 6.1% CAGR from 2017 to 2022 and is anticipated to be worth US$ 826.9 Mn by the end of the forecast period. Expanding at US$ 42.4 Mn year-over-year over the forecast period, this signifies the leading absolute growth compared to all other segments.
North America to be Major Contributor of Revenue throughout Forecast Period
North America holds the major revenue in 2017 and is projected to do so throughout the forecast period. The regional market is predicted to expand at a CAGR of 6% during 2017–2022. Local distributors expanding their chains and a number of grocery retailers investing in all natural and non-GMO soups are key developments expected to offer a robust fillip to the growth of the North America market for organic soups.
Asia Pacific except Japan (APEJ) to Gain Share in BPS
The APEJ organic soups market is projected to hold a revenue share of 21.5% of the global market by the end 2017 and is anticipated to gain its share by 155 BPS during 2017–2022. The Europe market for organic soups is predicted to rise at an impressive pace in the coming years. The regional market is anticipated to rise at a CAGR of 4.4% from 2017 to 2022, in terms of revenue and is anticipated to reach US$669.9 Mn by the end of the forecast period.
Meanwhile Japan and MEA are also expected to witness moderate demand for organic soups. The organic soups market for Japan is estimated to rise at 4.9% during the forecast period and reach US$98.5 Mn by 2022 end. Furthermore, the MEA organic soups market is projected to register a CAGR of 4.2% during the forecast period and to reach a valuation US$ 50.7 Mn by the end of the period.
Obtain Report Details @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/pressrelease/organic-soups-market.htm
Competitive Analysis
Prominent players operating in the organic soup market include Campbell Soup Company, the Kraft Heinz Company, Unilever PLC, Wolfgang Puck Worldwide, Inc., Trader Joe's Company, Blount Fine Foods, Amy's Kitchen Inc., Hain Celestial Group, Kettle Cuisine, LLC., and General Mills, Inc. Several leading players are boosting their supply chains and developing sourcing strategies to gain a better foothold in the market.
Twenty of the 34 accounts that received demand letters last month under the town's newly revised tax sale policy avoided having their homes sold out from under them, at least for now.
Assistant finance director Sarah Macy said of those 20 accounts, one applied for abatement, seven paid in full and 12 entered a payment plan while making at least one payment, all of which has reduced the town's total delinquencies by about $141,000, or 15 percent.
Macy said accounts with active payment plans are expected to bring in about $32,000 more this month.
“This is working better than any of us would have guessed,” selectmen Michael Plageman said after Macy updated the selectboard June 18.
Macy initially requested the new policy in March after the town's audit showed the total of taxes more than 60 days overdue exceeded $550,000. She said the goal was to initiate a conversation with delinquent taxpayers.
Three months later, the response to the demand letters has been more positive than expected, she said, with some people thanking her for informing them they were behind.
In one case, someone didn't know they owned the land anymore. In another, a homeowner was paying an escrow company that hadn't forwarded tax payments. A conference call with the two parties cleared that up, Macy said.
The 14 remaining accounts were forwarded to the town attorney. They must now pay 50 percent of their balance and get on a monthly payment plan, or else their properties will be sold in an auction-style sale that allows towns to recover owed property taxes.
Tax payments are due twice a year and the town sends out quarterly delinquent notices. Late tax payments prompt a one-time 8
percent penalty and delinquent payers are charged an additional one percent interest per month.
Under the new policy, tax sales are trigged whenever the town's total delinquent taxes, interest, penalties and fees are more than 3 percent of the current year's budget for property tax revenues. The list of properties included in any sale are those without payment plans that are either delinquent for multiple years or for one year while owning more than $10,000.
Sales can also be trigged if one or more accounts without a payment plan have more than $50,000 in delinquent taxes and related fees.
As of June 13, delinquencies in town total $811,000, and more than half of that balance comes from 28 accounts on active payment plans and in good standing.
Macy said all but one of the 14 still-delinquent accounts simply ignored the town's demand letters. The delinquencies for those accounts total $272,000, with an average balance of about $19,500. The oldest dates to 2009 and the highest is over $60,000.
The town attorney is now working to identify all lien holders, who are also notified of the delinquency. The town must then post an advertisement in The Reporter three weeks in a row before the sale, which could come as early as this year.
The highest bidder wins the title but doesn't receive it for 366 days, giving homeowners a year to pay back all the delinquent taxes and associated fees.
Macy noted recouping back taxes has a positive impact on the towns' budget-to-actual totals, but she said the No. 1 reason for doing it is to hold people accountable.
“Once you get behind on your taxes, it's really hard to get caught up,” she said.
North Korea ‘will test missiles weekly', senior official tells BBC – BBC News
North Korea will continue to test missiles, a senior official has told the BBC in Pyongyang, despite international condemnation and growing military tensions with the US.
“We'll be conducting more missile tests on a weekly, monthly and yearly basis,” Vice-Foreign Minister Han Song-ryol told the BBC's John Sudworth.
He said that an “all-out war” would result if the US took military action.
Earlier, US Vice-President Mike Pence warned North Korea not to test the US.
He said his country's “era of strategic patience” with North Korea was over.
Mr Pence arrived in Seoul on Sunday hours after North Korea carried out a failed missile launch.
Tensions have been escalating on the peninsula, with heated rhetoric from both North Korea and the US.
Mr Han told the BBC: “If the US is planning a military attack against us, we will react with a nuclear pre-emptive strike by our own style and method.”
North Korea has accelerated its nuclear and missile tests in recent years, despite international condemnation and UN sanctions.
Its aim is to be able to put a nuclear warhead on an intercontinental ballistic missile that can reach targets around the world, including the US.
US President Donald Trump has said that will not happen, and stepped up pressure on the isolated North.
He has sent a navy strike group towards the Korean Peninsula, and the US and South Korea are moving ahead with the early deployment of a controversial missile defence system.
Despite the tension, North Korea may carry out a sixth nuclear test soon, observers say. It test-fired a missile on Sunday that exploded within seconds of launch, following a grand military parade on Saturday.
Speaking alongside South Korea's acting President Hwang Kyo-ahn on Monday, Mr Pence said North Korea should not test US President Donald Trump.
“Just in the past two weeks, the world witnessed the strength and resolve of our new president in actions taken in Syria and Afghanistan,” Mr Pence said.
“North Korea would do well not to test his resolve or the strength of the armed forces of the United States in this region.”
He reiterated US support for South Korea, telling his host: “We are with you 100%.”
Last month, US Secretary of State Rex Tillerson warned that pre-emptive military action was “on the table”.
But the US is also working with China, North Korea's main ally, to pressure the regime to stop nuclear and missile tests.
Mr Pence told journalists that the White House hoped China would use its “extraordinary levers” to pressure North Korea, the Associated Press reports.
The BBC's Stephen Evans in Seoul says US policy now seems to be to persuade China to contain North Korea while keeping the economic and military pressure on.
Vice-Foreign Minister Han Song-ryol told the BBC that North Korea believed its nuclear weapons “protect” it from the threat of US military action.
“If the US is reckless enough to use military means it would mean from that very day, an all-out war,” he said.
At a news conference at the UN on Monday, North Korea's permanent representative Ambassador Kim In-ryong, condemned the US missile strikes in Syria, which targeted an air base after a suspected chemical attack by the government.
He said the US was “disturbing global peace and stability and insisting on the gangster-like logic that its invasion of a sovereign state is decisive and just and proportionate and contributes to defending the international order”.
China has reiterated its call for North Korea to stop all tests, and has also called for a peaceful solution.
Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesman Lu Kang told reporters in Beijing on Monday that the Korean peninsula was “highly sensitive, complicated and high risk” and that all sides should “avoid taking provocative actions that pour oil on the fire”.
On Sunday, Lt Gen HR McMaster, the US top security adviser, said his country was working on a “range of options” with China, the first confirmation the two countries were co-operating to find a solution to the North Korean issue.
Russia's Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov said Moscow would not tolerate “missile adventures by Pyongyang” but a unilateral use of power by the US would be “a very risky course”.
Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe on Monday told a parliamentary session that diplomatic efforts were “important to maintain peace”, but “dialogue for the sake of having dialogue is meaningless”.
He added that Japan needed to apply pressure on Pyongyang to “seriously respond to a dialogue” with the international community.(BBC News)
Link: http://www.bbc.com/news/world-asia-39623882
455 total views, 455 views today
Two people were taken to Santa Barbara Cottage Hospital on Tuesday after an early-morning traffic accident on southbound Highway 101 near La Cumbre Road.
Jeremy Wayland, a public information officer for the California Highway Patrol, said in a statement released Tuesday afternoon that a preliminary investigation had revealed that 27-year-old Melvin Worak III of Goleta was driving a white 2008 Ford F-550 motortruck about 6:45 a.m. in the slow lane on southbound Highway 101 near La Cumbre Road. Maryanne Night, 46, also of Goleta, was driving a white 2003 Toyota Corolla in the middle lane, slightly to the rear of the Ford. He said the Ford reportedly began changing lanes from the slow lane to the middle lane, directly into the path of the Toyota.
Wayland said that to avoid the collision, Night is believed to have quickly veered into the fast lane and careened out of control back into the middle before colliding with the Ford. Both vehicles spun off toward the right shoulder and collided with the guard rail.
The Ford, because of its weight and momentum, according to Wayland, was launched on top of the Toyota and both vehicles came to rest.
Wayland said several witnesses stopped to offer assistance and were able to free Night from the Toyota. Worak remained pinned in the vehicle for about 30 minutes while the Santa Barbara City Fire Department worked to extricate him.
“The cab of the pickup truck was significantly damaged, and the patient was trapped inside with the dashboard against his legs,” fire Capt. Chris Mailes said.
Mailes said Night was stabilized and transported to Cottage Hospital's Trauma Center in serious condition, and Worak was taken to the hospital in fair condition
The slow lane and the on-ramp merging lane were closed for about three hours. There were no other vehicles involved, and Wayland said alcohol and/or drugs do not appear to be factors.
The CHP is investigating the cause of the accident.
— Noozhawk staff writer Giana Magnoli can be reached at .(JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address) . Follow Noozhawk on Twitter: @noozhawk, @NoozhawkNews and @NoozhawkBiz. Connect with Noozhawk on Facebook.
Bruno Mars was closing his set in Detroit with “Just The Way You Are,” When he took a moment to address the crowd.
Proving that he is as decent as he is talented, Mars told the audience his intention to donate $1 million to “our brothers and sisters in Flint, Michigan” to provide aid for the city in light of its continuing battle and crisis with its tainted water supply. Mars and Live Nation directed the funds from the sold out show to the Community Foundation of Greater Flint, which addresses both immediate concerns of the crisis, and the future of the kids affected by the water.
After announcing the donation, Mars told the crowd, “This is why we love what we do. We get a chance to go up on stage every night and perform … and the fact that we can show up here and celebrate under one roof together, all this positive energy that's flowing. This is the world we want to live in.”
Via Billboard
Follow JT on Facebook, Instagram, and Twitter
SHARE COPY LINK More Videos 76 This volunteer group can lend you free medical equipment Pause 77 Growth heavy in south Meridian 98 Boise's new claim to fame — flexible semiconductor chips? 136 Why Idaho's location makes it ideal for data centers 65 Meridians Fit Donut offers low-carb indulgence 61 Meridians Fit Donut offers low-calorie indulgence 84 Albertsons introduces new market concept 106 First Mexican bakeries opens in Boise 170 Business growth on upswing in Eagle 84 Albertsons opens new convenience store. Video Link copy Embed Code copy
Facebook
Twitter
Email
Sanjay Mehrotra, co-founder of SanDisk, became the CEO of Micron Technology in May. Born in India, Mehrotra came to the US for higher education. Yuqing Zhu yzhu@mcclatchy.com
Sanjay Mehrotra, co-founder of SanDisk, became the CEO of Micron Technology in May. Born in India, Mehrotra came to the US for higher education. Yuqing Zhu yzhu@mcclatchy.com
Index Markets Research offers a detailed research on Global Real-Time Locating Systems (RTLS) Market with the future prospects of the market to provide the current state and emerging trends in the market. The report covers methodical outlook by considering aspects such as market growth, market demands, business strategies, consumption volume, market trends and industry cost structure during the forecast period 2018-2025. New vendors in the market are facing tough competition from established international vendors as they struggle with technological innovations, reliability and quality issues. The Prominent Manufacturers included Zebra Technologies Corp., Stanley Healthcare, Impinj, SAVI Technology, Ubisense Group, Airista, Airista, Versus Technology, Identec Group, Redpine Signals, Decawave, Awarepoint, Bespoon.
The Real-Time Locating Systems (RTLS) Market report includes a brief on these trends that can help the businesses operating in the industry to understand the market and strategize for their business expansion accordingly. The research report analyzes the market size, industry share, growth, key segments, CAGR and key drivers. In this part, the report presents the company profile, product specifications, capacity, production value, and 2013-2018 market shares for each company. Through the statistical analysis, the report depicts the global total market of Real-Time Locating Systems (RTLS) industry including capacity, production, production value, cost/profit, supply/demand and import/export. The total market is further divided by company, by country, and by application/type for the competitive landscape analysis.
Request for Sample Report @ https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-real-time-locating-systems-rtls-market/10158/#requestforsample
The Real-Time Locating Systems (RTLS) Market report gives a description of the competitive nature of the market, market shares, and its growth rates based on 5-year history data along with company profile of key players/manufacturers. The Porter's Five Forces model and the SWOT analysis are also a fraction of this study so as to assist businessmen in recognizing the spirited background of the market. This is The market report integrates a study of the investment charisma of the market, and the end consumers have been standardized based on their general attractiveness, rate of development, and size of the market.It provides overview with growth analysis and historical & futuristic cost, revenue, volume delivered (in kilo tons) and the income it produces (in US$), demand and supply data (as applicable). The research analysts provide an elaborate description of the value chain and its distributor analysis.
Geographically, this report is portioned into a few key Regions, with generation, utilization, income (million USD), piece of the pie and development rate in these areas, from 2018 to 2025 (gauge), covering United States, China, Europe, Japan, Southeast Asia, India and Rest of World.
Real-Time Locating Systems (RTLS) Market Products Type Segmentation : RFID, Wi-Fi, Ultra-Wideband (UWB), Infrared (IR), Ultrasound, ZigBee, Bluetooth Low Energy (BLE), Global Positioning System (GPS), Other RTLS Technologies.
Real-Time Locating Systems (RTLS) Market Applications Segmentation : Security, Temperature and Humidity Monitoring, Yards & Dock Monitoring, Warehousing, Inventory & Asset – Tracking and Management, Personnel/Staff Locationing & Monitoring, Mapping & Visualization, Mapping & Visualization, Supply Chain Management, Workflow & Process Automation, Others.
Key Highlights of the Real-Time Locating Systems (RTLS) Market :
1) A Clear understanding of the market supported growth, constraints, opportunities, practicableness study.
2) Analyze the opportunities in the market for stakeholders by identifying the high growth segments.
3) It depicts parameters such as production value, capacity in a statistical format that is accurately fathomed by the readers.
4) Strategically analyze each submarket with respect to individual growth trend and their contribution to the market.
5) Strategically profile the key players and comprehensively analyze their growth strategies.
Inquiry for Buying Report @ https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-real-time-locating-systems-rtls-market/10158/#inquiry
In the conclusion, The Real-Time Locating Systems (RTLS) market downstream consumer analysis, upstream raw materials, different types of equipment are concealed in the report. Research findings, conclusions, industry feasibility analysis, vendors and traders involved, appendix data and figures in the form of tables, graphs, and pie-charts.
About Us
Index Markets Research conduct market research and publish reports. You can find more than 35,000 research reports in our web store, which covers global industry and the regional markets. All the worldwide marketing data you need is at your fingertips.
Contact Us
Mark Irwin
Sales Manager
Email Id: sales@indexmarketsresearch.com
Phone: +1 202 888 3519
Web: https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/
CBS Local — Paleontologists say that “the force” is strong with a newly discovered fossil in Idaho. The 245 million-year-old remnants of a prehistoric horseshoe crab have been named after the infamous Star Wars character, Darth Vader.
Researchers from New Mexico and Colorado named the four-inch-long fossil Vaderlimulus tricki after noting how much the crab looked like the helmet of the sci-fi villain.
“Vaderlimulus… has unusual body proportions that give it an odd appearance,” study author Allan Lerner of the New Mexico Museum of Natural History and Science said in a press release.
The out-of-this-world fossil reportedly comes from the Mesozoic Era, when the landmass that's now present-day Idaho actually had a coastline. While many crab fossils discovered are much older than the Vaderlimulus — some at least 470 million-years-old — scientists believe this Vader-shaped creature belongs to the Austrolimulidae family of crab, which is now extinct.
IMPORTANT NEWS ALERT! A 245-Million-year-old Horseshoe Crab Fossil has been officially named after Star War's Darth Vader by @NMMNHS– the similarities are uncanny! pic.twitter.com/0miNAUDttN — Daily Planet (@dailyplanetshow) December 5, 2017
The Star Wars-themed name isn't the first time scientists have reached into a galaxy far, far away for inspiration. Other creatures named for the movie's characters include the Trigonopterus chewbacca (a tiny weevil discovered in New Guinea) and the Tetramorium jedi (an ant that lives in the rainforest of Madagascar).
In 2009, Linn Horton purchased a Pismo Beach home that was cozy and charming, but not quite her style.
She rarely used the huge jetted tub, the eat-in kitchen or the den with the fireplace — features that some would find appealing.
Instead of rushing headlong into a remodel, Horton waited. “I wanted to live in the house for a while first,” she explained.
It wasn't until 2012 that she started the home's transformation with the help of designer Jan Kepler and Mountain Pacific Builders.
Never miss a local story. Sign up today for unlimited digital access to our website, apps, the digital newspaper and more. SUBSCRIBE NOW
Linn Horton converted the den of her Pismo Beach home into a formal dining room. Elliott Johnson
Horton's house, previously traditional, incorporates contemporary elements as well. This “makes the home feel warm and cozy, but still sleek and uncluttered,” Kepler said.
Horton enjoys entertaining and missed having a formal dining room, so she converted the den to a dining space and ditched the eat-in kitchen concept in favor of bar seating and more prep space. Now she has enough room to cook alongside her daughters.
In the kitchen, she chose a classic look and updated, easy-care materials that handle the wear and tear of daily use.
The countertops look like marble, but are actually low-maintenance quartz. Gray cabinets in a modified Shaker door style are painted in an easy-to-clean finish.
The kitchen of Linn Horton's Pismo Beach home features easy-care quartz countertops and gray cabinets with Shaker-style doors. Elliott Johnson
The large, single-bowl Blanco Silgranit sink is made of a composite of granite and quartz that is scratch, stain and heat-resistant. “(The kitchen) looks as fresh and classic today as it did when we installed it,” Kepler said.
Kepler advised Horton to install drawers instead of shelving, allowing quick access to all items.
“You don't have to unpack the entire cabinet to get a platter at the back,” Horton said.
Other efficient storage features include lazy Susans for easy access to corner cabinets and rollouts with specialized dividers.
Rollout drawers make contents easy to reach in the kitchen of Linn Horton's Pismo Beach home. Elliott Johnson
Floors throughout the house went from carpet to an engineered oak with a bleached, natural finish evocative of driftwood.
In 2017, Horton and Kepler embarked up on a second phase of remodels with Oak Ridge Custom Builders. They added a built-in buffet adjacent to the dining room that matches kitchen cabinetry and stores Horton's collection of vintage tableware.
The master bathroom previously featured a wall-length mirror with dressing room-style lighting. Now, it sports espresso cherry cabinets and herringbone porcelain floor tile.
The bathroom of Linn Horton's home in Pismo Beach features espresso cherry cabinets and herringbone porcelain floor tile. Elliott Johnson
Contemporary sconces and handmade ceramic wall tiles, purchased from CW Quinn Home, frame a scaled-down mirror.
In place of the never-used huge jetted tub is a freestanding tub with a sculptural freestanding polished nickel tub filler, both from Pacific Coast Kitchen & Bath , that add to “the soothing, spa-like feeling of the room,” Kepler said.
Horton's previous home, located in the San Joaquin Valley, was French country and so was her furniture. Her new look is laid-back and coastal with clean lines and lots of texture.
The dining room, for instance, has a table from Fortini Home, Garden & Design that has a simple profile and weathered finish. Around it sit contemporary rattan chairs.
Linn Horton's Pismo Beach home blends contemporary and traditional elements. Elliott Johnson
In addition, Horton simplified the architecture of the home in subtle ways. She removed the awkwardly-located den fireplace, as well as niches and ledges throughout the house that she considered dust collectors.
Now, architectural interest comes from new simple, yet substantial baseboards and new two-panel solid wood doors.
Horton finds the renovated home more functional and more in line with her personal style.
“It's warm, cozy and calming,” she said. “The house now reflects my more casual life at the Central Coast.”
Linn Horton's Pismo Beach home mixes contemporary and traditional pieces, creating a laid-back, coastal look with lots of texture. Elliott Johnson
Tips
Try a sturdier sink. Blanco Silgarnit sinks, for instance, are made from a composite of granite and quartz that is scratch, stain and heat resistant.
Opt for drawers. Drawers make a kitchen more efficient, eliminating the need to dig at the back of cabinets. If you aren't remodeling, you can install pull-outs in existing cabinets.
Start with neutrals. Create a foundation of neutral colors for a home, then add small pops of color and texture with accents and furniture. Walls in the Horton home are painted in Benjamin Moore's Revere pewter, with Sherwin Williams' alabaster for the trim.
Bus Netherlands is offering charter bus, tour bus and business bus renting services for visitors in the Netherlands. The tours can be combined to include sightseeing, trips throughout the city as well as airport shuttle and business trip transportation arrangements.
Amsterdam is one of the most beautiful cities in the world. If you live there, you know how fortunate you are to be able to walk the streets of this gorgeous city and enjoy the architecture, spirit and people. If you are touring Netherlands and you got to the point that you are about to explore Amsterdam or went there straight from your home country, then you are in for a treat. There are hundreds of cultural places to go to and thousands of buildings that are like marvels of engineering and architecture that you absolutely must visit. Unfortunately, sometimes, as a tourist you might be limited in either your knowledge of where to go or time to make it to all the places. Whether that is the case or not, it is always a great idea to hire a bus that will take you around the city and its surrounding areas and show you some of the places that you would not have been able to see otherwise. Finding a bus charter in Amsterdam is easy because there is one company that caters to local as well as international tourists. Bus Netherlands is known for its superb quality service as well as solid reputation on the market that they have been leading for forty years.
The company offers variety of services depending on your interests. For example, you can hire a coach to do sightsee, city tours, group-travel or rent a bust to visit Rotterdam, Den Haag, Groningen and other cities in Netehrlands, it is especially beneficial to look into getting a bus service in this country. Moreover, the company can arrange a bus transfer, pick you up from the airport and then take you out for sightseeing if that will be your arrangement. Apart from regular tourist attractions, Bus Netherlands also caters to business visitors. If you are in town for business purposes and need a bus that will be there for you from the point of entry at the airport, all throughout your journey, then you have found the best deal. That being said, Amsterdam is an amazing city and you need an amazing bus charter company that will help you explore it thoroughly. Do not hesitate, reach out company's representatives and arrange your fulfilling trip throughout Amsterdam and its surrounding areas.
About Bus Netherlands:
Bus Netherlands is a company offering services to visitors to the Netherlands. The agency specializes in various coach and bus charter arrangements that include sightseeing, trips between cities as well as business travel accommodation. Prices are friendly and customer satisfaction always the top priority for each and every employee.
Contacts:
Company: Bus Netherlands
Address: Roland-Brandir-Str. 2 D-29439 Luechow (Lower Saxony), Germany
Phone: +49 5841 977 325
Email: info@bus-netherlands.com
Website: http://www.bus-netherlands.com
Former Russia head coach Aleksandr Tarkhanov said that Russia needed to keep at bay Croatia midfielder and captain Luka Modric if they were to win their quarter-final encounter at the 2018 FIFA World Cup.
Russia will play Croatia at the Fisht Stadium in Sochi on Saturday.
“One of the most important tasks for our team is to contain Modric, because he is a leading player in the Croatian team. [Russia players] need to attack him in order to keep him under constant pressure. He is not young anymore, although he was rested during [his team's] third [group-stage] game,” Tarkhanov said.
He added that he did not see consistency in Croatia's game as they “looked good for three games but played worse against Denmark.”
During the group stage, Croatia won all three matches, including a 3-0 rout of Argentina, and finished top of Group D, before beating Denmark on penalties in the last 16.
Modric, who is 32, has scored two goals at the World Cup so far and saw his extra-time penalty saved by Denmark goalkeeper Kasper Schmeichel before beating him in the penalty shootout.
It's been seven months and still the wounds remain deep. Survivors of 1 October, first responders and victims' families continue to look for ways to heal after the tragedy at the Route 91 Harvest Festival.
Weeks ago, the Academy of Country Music returned to Las Vegas. As part of a special FOX5 Surprise Squad, musician Lee Brice held a performance for the group. Brice said he wanted nothing more than to be here for those still hurting.
On a mobile device? Tap/click here to view the photos.
Copyright 2018 KVVU (KVVU Broadcasting Corporation). All rights reserved.
Portland, Oregon – Vera Katz has died at the age of 84, according to her son Jesse Katz. Vera Katz served as Portland's Mayor for three terms. She first ran for Mayor against now U.S. Representative Earl Blumenauer in 1992. She beat him, and served until January 2005.
Katz was also the Speaker of the House in the Oregon legislature. She was the first woman to be chosen Speaker of the House. She first ran for the Oregon legislature in 1972 and served there through 1990.
McCracken County held a send-off for the state semifinal bound Mustangs Wednesday evening as the team left for Lexington, Ky.
It's the second straight year the Mustangs have reached the semifinals, however they have never reached the state championship game.
They hope that changes in a few days along with the end result.
“It's about creating a legacy, about creating a dynasty,” senior Trent Shelby said of winning a state championship. “I've been here for four years and we haven't accomplished that and last year we tasted a little bit of blood and now we are ready to go back and get that ring and set a dynasty for all the younger kids.”
“To be known as one of the first to bring that state title back to western Kentucky would be absolutely awesome,” junior James Michael Dodd said. “That's just something that you talk about for years and years to come."
The Mustangs face Pleasure Ridge Park Friday at 12:30 p.m. CST at Whitaker Bank Ballpark in Lexington, Ky.
Follow WPSD Sports on Facebook by clicking here.
Follow WPSD Sports on Twitter by clicking here.
Four Tet: New Energy — ‘hippy-ish sensibility'
You will be billed $59.50 per month after the trial ends
Purchase a Digital Trial subscription for $1.00 for 4 weeks
You will be billed $36.00 per month after the trial ends
Purchase a Standard Digital subscription for $6.45 per week
You will be billed $59.50 per month after the trial ends
Purchase a Premium Digital subscription for $10.25 per week
You will be billed $66.30 per month after the trial ends
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $11.77 per week
Other Subscription options:
You must enter the characters with black color that stand out from the other characters
Message: * A friend wanted you to see this item from WRAL.com: http://wr.al/19KAr
— A racial slur was spray-painted on a campaign sign for Raleigh City Council candidate Zainab Baloch.
The slur, along with "Trump," was found Friday morning on one of Baloch's signs along Louisburg Road. The Wake County Sheriff's Office is investigating the vandalism.
Baloch, one of seven people running for two at-large seats on the City Council, said the incident only reinforces her decision to run for office.
Mayor Nancy McFarlane said she was appalled by the vandalism.
"This is absolutely reprehensible. There is no place for racist rhetoric anywhere in the City of Raleigh," McFarlane said in a statement. "One of the things that makes Raleigh great is our diversity. We are an accepting community that embraces all of our citizens. Raleigh is stronger because we work together to lift each other up. Anything that tries to tear us apart will not be tolerated."
Early voting in the Oct. 10 election runs through 1 p.m. Saturday.
PR: Bitxoxo Exchange Has Launched Its Own ICO Token
This is a paid press release, which contains forward looking statements, and should be treated as advertising or promotional material. Bitcoin.com does not endorse nor support this product/service. Bitcoin.com is not responsible for or liable for any content, accuracy or quality within the press release.
Token Pre-Sale has begun from Wednesday, April 18th and will be ending on April 30th, 2018. In the first round of presale, the price will be $1.5/XOXO. The company has sold more than 40% token in 24 hours of pre-sale.
Later, coming up with the main sale at May 5th which will last till May 31st, 2018. While the price of xoxo token will be $2/XOXO during main sale.
The main concept behind the launch of the XOXO token is to achieve the goal of expansion which has been seen by the experts of bitxoxo for taking the cryptocurrency to the next level of success.
Bitxoxo Achievements:
Bitxoxo has achieved in offering the best services and new products to its users. They are the first bitcoin exchange to launch Pre-Paid Gift cards and Referral system for customers.
The exchange running for almost 2 years is active on both the mobile app (Android & iOS) and web portal, while they recently launched an ICO Launchpad for the ICO company to list their token. So, after a successful journey of 2 years as an exchange, it won't be wrong in saying that the upcoming project of Bitxoxo is already a successful project.
Bitxoxo Future Plans with XOXO token:
Bitxoxo expands and offer new services of BCH (Bitcoin Cash) to all cryptocurrency investors and enthusiasts. The funds generated by the ICO, will be used for the future expansion of ongoing project and introduce new services and product development.
The very First PoS App for Bitcoin Cash
Bitxoxo International Debit Card for our users. Bitxoxo the largest cryptocurrency exchange by trading volume. The exchange was founded in 2016 and running successfully in India, recently launched its Initial Coin Offering XOXO token .
Bitcoin Cash marketplace with top 15 cryptocurrencies and more in order book model.
Bitcoin Cash e-University Certification Program to spread the awareness of the blockchain technology and cryptocurrency to the mass and help people to become certified professionals etc.
Bitxoxo Incubator to provide all the necessary needs like funds and advisory for the new blockchain startups.
The expansion of Bitxoxo cryptocurrency exchange worldwide starting from Australia, Singapore and UAE etc.
Bitxoxo takes this opportunity to welcome the Founder and COO of Bitcoin.com onto our advisory panel.
Roger Ver, CEO of Bitcoin.com
Founder of Bitcoin.com, popular as ‘Bitcoin Jesus' Roger Ver is an early adopter and investors in Bitcoin. Ver is a motivation to numerous cryptocurrency enthusiasts, he makes people believe the value of crypto and blockchain to the world. He is an angel investor for many popular cryptocurrency and blockchain technology startups such as The Blockchain foundation, Blockchain.info, Ripple, Kraken, Bitpay etc.
Mate Tokay, COO of Bitcoin.com
Mate Tokay has been involved in the cryptocurrency business as a miner since 2013; he co-founded Bitcoinist.net a cryptocurrency news magazine and he is now the Chief Operation Officer at Bitcoin.com. Mate is a premier source for everything related to Bitcoin. He focuses on a larger vision and communicating that vision to others while staying on top of the major trends in the industry.
Bitxoxo is heartily grateful for other experts of crypto to join our advisory board.
Stephen Drew
Stephen Drew possesses 20 years of experience in investment banking, fintech & real estates. He worked on Wall Street for 10+ years in trading and investment banking and 3 years in trading and investment in cryptocurrencies. Drew is an active partner of $100 million Crypto Hedge Fund based in NYC and the Caymans, Stephen always engaged in monetizing day to day operation of the fund from analyzing investments to speaking with high net worth individuals and family offices.
Sydney Ifergan
Sydney holds a degree in computer science and has 20+ years commercial experience. He has spent the last 10 years working in the online marketing arena and was the CMO for a large brokerage. In recent years, he has been consulting with various brokerages globally on their online marketing and the utilization of technology to improve their results.
Robby Schwertner
Robby Schwertner is an expert and part of many crypto and blockchain projects. He is a public motivator and speaker focusing on the expansion and progress of cryptocurrency and blockchain technology by addressing events and conferences on a global level.
Boris Otonicar
Boris Otonicar has a Masters degree in economics and psychology from the University of Zurich. He has a certificate as a Blockchain Specialist BVS. He consults companies in Blockchain issues and does ICO advising for different projects like Coinlancer, Districts, Coinloan etc. He is a top 20 at ICO Bench.
To learn more about the Bitxoxo ICO visit their official website at https://bitxoxo.exchange/
You can join the XOXO token Telegram discussion and announcement: https://t.me/bitxoxo & https://t.me/bitxoxonews
Contact Email : [email protected]
Supporting Link
https://www.bitxoxo.com
https://www.bitxoxo.exchange
Contact Email Address
[email protected]
This is a paid press release. Readers should do their own due diligence before taking any actions related to the promoted company or any of its affiliates or services. Bitcoin.com is not responsible, directly or indirectly, for any damage or loss caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with the use of or reliance on any content, goods or services mentioned in the press release.
The post PR: Bitxoxo Exchange Has Launched Its Own ICO Token appeared first on Bitcoin News.
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Bitcoin News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Morning Commute Slows Up Over Snow, Winds ComingMetro Transit reported that, as of 8 a.m., about 41 percent of its buses were delayed. The average delay was about 7 minutes.
Overnight Snow Could Impact Monday Morning CommuteAn early heads up to Twin Cities motorists: Your Monday morning commute could be a bit of a mess.
Despite Cold Streak, DNR Says Stay Off The IceIce dusted in snow makes for a beautiful backdrop in Excelsior bay of Lake Minnetonka, but it does not mean it's safe to walk on.
Whether it's illuminating the causes of California's exceptional plant diversity, dispelling the myth that jellyfish blooms are increasing throughout the world's oceans or identifying key pathways for introduction of non-native forest pests into the United States, UC Santa Barbara's National Center for Ecological Analysis and Synthesis (NCEAS) is always at the expanding frontier of ecology research.
And those are only recent examples of the ambitious endeavors undertaken by NCEAS since its 1995 inception. In fact, the center itself was considered an innovative advancement at the time, and has since inspired similar synthesis centers worldwide.
All of which makes NCEAS's latest project perhaps its most intriguing yet: making over its successful model by broadening its reach to directly include the potential users of scientific information — non-governmental organizations (NGOs), policymakers and resource managers — in the process itself.
New funding from the Gordon and Betty Moore Foundation will enable NCEAS to do just that. A $2.4 million, three-year grant will help cover the center's operating costs through 2015 — and see the launch of new initiatives to ensure its viability, and relevance, far into the future.
“The Moore Foundation has worked with NCEAS over the years and has a deep appreciation of the work we do. This grant is the largest and most important we have received from them,” center director Frank Davis said. “This will allow us to engage in exciting new initiatives while developing additional sources of support. More than 5,000 researchers have collaborated on NCEAS projects, and we still have an important role to play in tackling the environmental challenges that are too big for any one institution.”
Created by the National Science Foundation, NCEAS was launched in response to pleas by ecological researchers who saw a need for meaningful synthesis of scientific data. The new center bucked the scientific tradition of solitary lab or fieldwork, instead assembling interdisciplinary teams to tackle problems at a broader scale. By sharing existing data for synthesis and analysis, teams of scientists created new pathways to discovery.
By providing the best informatic resources and a stimulating environment for immersion in collaborative synthesis, the center spawned an incubator of scientific research that has altered the way ecological science is conducted.
NCEAS is seizing new opportunities with the support from the new Moore Foundation grant. While promising to stay true to its core values — synthesis chief among them — the center is expanding its mission. Central to that expansion is a charge to embrace use-inspired science challenges for the benefit of nature and the well-being of people.
Enter NCEAS' latest initiative, a soon-to-launch partnership with The Nature Conservancy and the Wildlife Conservation Society called SNAP: Science for Nature and People. Meant to address environmental protections as a means of securing food, energy and water for people across the planet, SNAP will tackle some of society's most challenging problems such as maintaining freshwater fisheries faced with hydroelectric development, protecting and restoring wetlands for coastal defense, and devising resilient and productive agricultural systems.
“The goal of Science for Nature and People is to address the overarching issue of how you conserve nature and, at same time, meet essential human needs,” Davis said. “We'll be bringing scientists together with policymakers and practitioners, and other experts from academia, to engage in the process of discovery that results in solutions. We're trying to create a new model — a global center of excellence — to meet those needs and create real solutions for our conservation challenges.”
NCEAS will soon be issuing an open call for proposals on behalf of SNAP, as well as recruiting postdoctoral candidates for SNAP Research Associates.
“This is an exciting place to be,” Davis added of NCEAS. “The new direction we're moving is going to make it even more interesting.”
Please join the Jewish Federation of Greater Santa Barbara for Movie Night at the Jewish Community Center, 524 Chapala St. in Santa Barbara, from 6 to 8:30 p.m. Thursday, July 18 for the film Family Band: The Cowsills Story, followed by a talk-back with band member Bob Cowsill and writer/producer/director Louise Palanker, a Santa Barbaran!
You may remember the Cowsills from the Ed Sullivan Show, The Tonight Show or American Bandstand. You might remember their pop hits, or story of the family — their rise to fame and subsequent fall, due to their father's controlling and abusive nature.
The Cowsills were the real-life inspiration behind The Partridge Family, but the Cowsills' story is not a sitcom. Their story is raw and honest, tragic and beautiful. The Cowsills personify the baby-boomer generation in all of its extremes and eccentricities. All of its tragedies and triumphs. Their public image was talent and charm. Their private reality was secrets and fear.
One of the most musically gifted American families to hit the top of the pop charts, the Cowsills rose to fame, success and stardom in the late 1960s. Five years later, their star came crashing back down to earth. Now, you will learn what happened to the Cowsills.
Join us at the JCC. This event is sponsored by the Jewish Federation of Greater Santa Barbara. There is no charge, but donations will be accepted.
For more information, call 805.957.1115 or click here.
— Nancy Friedland is the communications coordinator for the Jewish Federation of Greater Santa Barbara.
KUALA LUMPUR, Malaysia (AP) — A Chinese company building a key rail link in Malaysia said Wednesday that it has been told to suspend work pending negotiations, and urged the new Malaysian government elected two months ago to honor the contract.
The suspension came just a day after Finance Minister Lim Guan Eng called for a sharp price reduction in the 688-kilometer (430-mile) East Coast Rail Link after discovering that the project's actual cost is 81 billion ringgits ($20 billion), nearly 50 percent higher than that estimated by the previous government.
The project is a key part of China's regional Belt and Road infrastructure initiative connecting Malaysia's west coast to rural eastern states. It is largely financed by China and the main contract was awarded in 2016 to China Communication by former Prime Minister Najib Razak, who was defeated in May 9 elections.
Lim has said the project's final cost included land acquisition, interest, fees and other operational costs. He said negotiations will be held as the project can only be financially and economically feasible with a "drastic" price cut by China Communication.
Advertisement
China Communication said it regrets the suspension and urged the new government to "honor and respect" the contract signed with Najib's administration. It said no duration was given for the suspension and that it could spark additional costs, losses and damages.
"We hope that both sides will be able to find a win-win solution through sincere negotiation with good will. We also hope that the suspension will be lifted as soon as possible," it said in a brief statement.
Lim has said the government has given China Communication 10 billion ringgit ($2.5 billion) in advance payment and 9.67 billion ringgits ($2.4 billion) as a progress payment. The advance payment can be recovered in a "worst case scenario" if the project is withdrawn, he added.
Malaysia's new government has axed a high-speed rail line to Singapore because it is too costly and is reviewing other large infrastructure projects financed by China. The cost-cutting came after officials revealed the national debt has surged sharply, partly due to corruption under Najib's rule.
Najib was charged Wednesday for criminal breach of trust and corruption arising from investigations into alleged corruption at the 1MDB state investment fund.
FILE - In this May 9, 2016 file photo, Ivana Trump, ex-wife of President Donald Trump, attends the Fashion Institute of Technology Annual Gala benefit in New York. A new book from Donald Trump's first wife pulls back the curtain on a tumultuous period of the president's life, including the messy divorce that was splashed across New York's tabloids for weeks. Ivana Trump, who was married to the real estate magnate from 1977 - 1992, writes in her new book entitled “Raising Trump” that she knew her marriage was over soon after a day in December 1989. (Photo by Michael Zorn/Invision/AP, File)
Associated Press
A new book from Donald Trump's first wife pulls back the curtain on a tumultuous period of the president's life, including the messy divorce that was splashed across New York's tabloids for weeks.
Ivana Trump, who was married to the real estate magnate from 1977 to 1992, writes in "Raising Trump" that she knew her marriage was over soon after a day in December 1989.
"This young blonde woman approached me out of the blue and said 'I'm Marla and I love your husband. Do you?'" writes Ivana Trump. "I said 'Get lost. I love my husband.' It was unladylike but I was in shock."
Trump's public affair with Marla Maples spawned the infamous "Best Sex I've Ever Had" headline in the New York Post in 1990. After divorcing his first wife, Trump married Maples in 1993.
"Raising Trump" is set to be released next week. The Associated Press purchased an early copy.
In the book, Ivana writes glowingly about her marriage to Trump and her prominent role at the Trump Organization. But then she unburdens herself about the heartache that Trump's affair with Maples caused her and the couple's three children, Donald Jr., Ivanka and Eric. Donald Jr. didn't speak to his father for a year after the split.
"I can only shake my head at how it insane it was," Ivana Trump writes. "I couldn't turn on the television without hearing my name."
But she and the president have returned to far warmer terms. She writes that they speak about once a week and that she encourages him to keep using Twitter.
She said in a CBS News interview this week that she was offered the post of ambassador to the Czech Republic, her native country, but turned it down because she already has "a perfect life." The White House did not immediately respond to a request for comment about the ambassadorship post.
Much of the book is spent recounting Ivana Trump's childhood in Europe, her burgeoning modeling career in New York and Trump's courtship. She writes that, at their first meeting, Trump secured her and friends a table at a hot Manhattan restaurant, paid the check and chauffeured her back to her hotel in a giant Cadillac.
"My instincts told me that Donald was smart and funny — an all-America good guy," Ivana Trump writes.
Her children also contribute passages to the book, and Ivana Trump muses that her former husband may not be the only Trump to call the White House home.
"Maybe in fifteen years, she could run for president?" she writes about her daughter, Ivanka, before musing about her own possible title. "First Lady? Holds no appeal for me personally. First Mother? That could work."
___
Follow Lemire on Twitter at http://twitter.com/@JonLemire
Louis Marinelli had been leading the latest movement to make California an independent nation from the Russian city of Yekaterinburg.
The leader of California secession campaign has decided that he would like to live in Russia permanently, and is therefore abandoning his efforts to make the Golden State its own country.
In a lengthy statement Monday, Louis Marinelli, president of the separatist group Yes California, announced he was withdrawing his petition for a referendum on secession. Instead, he plans to apply to be a live permanently in Russia, where he currently resides.
"I have found in Russia a new happiness, a life without the albatross of frustration and resentment towards ones' homeland, and a future detached from the partisan divisions and animosity that has thus far engulfed my entire adult life," Marinelli wrote. "Consequently, if the people of Russia would be so kind as to welcome me here on a permanent basis, I intend to make Russia my new home."
In the statement, Marinelli explained that he was "primarily motivated" to work toward California's secession due to a "personal struggle" over his wife's immigration status. But his wife now has a green card, and anyway he is disillusioned with the US and doesn't "wish to live under the American flag." It's a blow to Marinelli's organization, which rose to prominence after President Trump's win in November, when its proposal of a so-called "Calexit" carried at least some appeal for many of the state's liberal voters. Organizers had until July of this year to collect more than half a million signatures to get the issue on the state ballot in 2018.
With Nate Smith of @TexasNatMov and the representative of Republican Sinn Fein of Ireland, and Irina of Russia on R… https://t.co/fxooCGq7nv
The end of Marinelli's efforts come after months of news and rumors about his movement's relationship to the Kremlin. Last fall, Bloomberg and other outlets reported on Marinelli's extensive ties to Russia and that he lives in Yekaterinburg, a city about 1,000 miles east of Moscow. Other stories followed, including reports that Marinelli receiving funding and office space from a Kremlin-backed group. And in December, the Russian media organization RT reported that Yes California was opening an "embassy" in Moscow. The Russian connections to Calexit prompted speculation about what the Kremlin stood to gain from the movement, and whether it amounted to another attempt by the Kremlin to meddle in the US political system, as it is believed to have done during the 2016 presidential campaign. In his statement Monday, Marinelli said slammed the media for it's coverage of his connection to Russia, adding that he had always acknowledged "the trouble I bring to the table with my political background and my history in Russia." "Now the mainstream media, many of which are based in Washington and in New York, have called Calexit a fringe campaign with no chance of ever succeeding," he wrote. "Meanwhile, they have simultaneously sensationalized, exaggerated, and dramatized information about our campaign and particularly about myself in an effort to delegitimize our effort and demoralize our supporters."
The effort to break California off from the rest of the US was always a very long shot, at best, but Marinelli's departure from the movement does not necessarily mean that it's dead. Yes California's vice president, Marcus Ruiz Evans, is joining another separatist organization called the California Freedom Caucus, which promotes "nonviolent actions to establish the country of California using legal and constitutional means to do so."
In addition, there's a California National Party, which forecasts a slower path toward independence. Secession is also a perennial issue in California, with more than 200 such proposals since 1849, according to the Los Angeles Times. Though any effort to turn California into it's own country faces a steep uphill battle, Marinelli indicated Monday that if any ultimately do succeed — and "after the false allegations about me vanish" — he might be returning. "When that day finally comes, as it will, I shall look forward with great satisfaction to return to California and to live once again under our bear flag," he wrote. "Until then I will continue to serve as the representative of the Republic of California to Russia."
Google Inc. wants you to know it's leading the fight against less-than-scrupulous advertisers and their work.
The company took down 1.7 billion ads that violated its advertising policies in 2016 – more than double the number taken down in 2015.
“If you spent one second taking down each of those bad ads, it'd take you more than 50 years to finish,” Scott Spencer, director of product management with Google Canada's Sustainable Ads division, wrote in a Jan. 25 blog post.
Though Google employs a strict code of ethics designed to protect users from “misleading, inappropriate, or harmful” ads, it doesn't stop certain parties from promoting illegal products or unrealistic offers, or from tricking users into sharing personal information or infecting their computers or mobile devices with a virus.
“Ultimately, bad ads pose a threat to users, Google's partners, and the sustainability of the open web itself,” he wrote.
To address the problem in 2016, Spencer wrote, Google expanded its policies to better protect users from misleading and predatory offers – for example, banning ads for payday loans in July, which subsequently resulted in 5 million payday loan ads disabled – and improved its technology to identify and disable misleading ads, such as the “trick to click” ads which often appear as “system warnings” but cause users to download malware.
In 2016, Google's systems detected and disabled 112 million “trick to click” ads alone, he noted, six times the number disabled in 2015.
Here are five other examples of misleading ads that Google fought against in 2016:
Ads for illegal products: Google disabled more than 68 million ads for violating the company's healthcare terms, a steep rise from the 12.5 million disabled in 2015. It also took down more than 17 million ads violating its illegal gambling conditions.
Google disabled more than 68 million ads for violating the company's healthcare terms, a steep rise from the 12.5 million disabled in 2015. It also took down more than 17 million ads violating its illegal gambling conditions. Misleading ads: “We don't want you to feel misled by ads that we deliver, so we require our advertisers to provide upfront information for people [to] make informed decisions,” Spencer wrote. Ads that drive clicks by asking, “Are you at risk for this rare, skin-eating disease?” or offering miracle cures that will help you lose 50 pounds in three days by swallowing a pill are on Google's hit list: the company took down nearly 80 million ads last year for deceiving, misleading, or shocking users.
“We don't want you to feel misled by ads that we deliver, so we require our advertisers to provide upfront information for people [to] make informed decisions,” Spencer wrote. Ads that drive clicks by asking, “Are you at risk for this rare, skin-eating disease?” or offering miracle cures that will help you lose 50 pounds in three days by swallowing a pill are on Google's hit list: the company took down nearly 80 million ads last year for deceiving, misleading, or shocking users. Self-clicking mobile ads: Google only needed to delete a few thousand of these ads, which automatically send users from a website to the Google Play or App Store to download a malicious app, in 2015, but in 2016 its systems detected and disabled more than 23,000.
Google only needed to delete a few thousand of these ads, which automatically send users from a website to the Google Play or App Store to download a malicious app, in 2015, but in 2016 its systems detected and disabled more than 23,000. Ads that try to game the system: Unscrupulous advertisers who know that Google blocks ads for weight loss supplements or payday loans will often attempt to trick its systems into letting them through by pretending to advertise something else. Last year the company took down almost 7 million of these.
Unscrupulous advertisers who know that Google blocks ads for weight loss supplements or payday loans will often attempt to trick its systems into letting them through by pretending to advertise something else. Last year the company took down almost 7 million of these. Tabloid cloakers: This new type of scam, fresh to 2016, attempts to fool Google by pretending to be news. Cloaker ads will take advantage of a timely topic – the 2016 U.S. election, a trending news story, or a popular celebrity – and make their ads look like headlines on a news website… which then redirects users to a commercial website selling products banned from Google.
To fight cloakers, Google suspends the offending company accounts – more than 1300 in 2016. “Unfortunately, this type of bad ad is gaining in popularity because people are clicking on them,” Spencer wrote. “During a single sweep for tabloid cloaking in December 2016, we took down 22 cloakers that were responsible for ads seen more than 20 million times by people online in a single week.”
He also noted that sometimes Google suspends the website promoted in a given ad: For example, the company took action against more than 15,000 sites for unwanted software; 47,000 sites promoting weight-loss scams; 8000 sites promoting payday loans; and suspended around 6000 sites and 6000 accounts for advertising counterfeit goods, such as imitation designer watches, last year.
Police in Southlake, Texas issued a warrant for the arrest of Crystal Ladawn Finley Tuesday, and injected a little humor into the announcement of the warrant on social media Southlake DPS
A Solid-state current controlling device divided into four layers is called a Silicon-controlled rectifier (SCR) or semiconductor controlled rectifier. Silicon-controlled rectifier is a unidirectional power switch used in switching between alternative current (AC) and direct current (DC). It is mainly used for rectifying DC signals in controlled AC output and vice versa.
Read Report Overview @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/silicon-controlled-rectifier-market.html
Silicon-controlled rectifiers have multitude of applications including motor controls, pressure control regulators, light dimmers, liquid level regulators and electronic automotive ignition. From end use perspective, applications of SCR are found in industries such as semiconductor and consumer electronics, power transmission, clean energy, aerospace and defense, automotive, medical and oil and gas among others. Rise in applications of SCR in these industries is driving the growth of the market across different countries in the world.
Increasing penetration of smart grids in developing countries, along with the substitution of aging power infrastructure in developed regions have conjointly created growth opportunity for SCR market. An increase in urbanization accompanied with rising governmental spending on modern power generation, distribution and transmission network in developing countries is estimated to positively impact the growth of SCR market during the forecast period. SCR offers benefits such as relatively faster switching times as compared to mechanical switches, lower power losses in switching, and reduction in transmission losses. Due to such benefits, applications of SCR in motor controls, liquid level regulators and pressure control regulators have grown significantly in recent years. Apart from mentioned benefits, application of SCR offers advantages such as minimal thermal stress and extension of product lifecycle of the power electronic devices due to low switching loss. Such additional benefits boosted the penetration of application of SCR in industrial sector.
At present, a dominant share of the global electricity is consumed by power electronic devices, whose production is expected to increase during the forecast period to meet the growing demand for applications backed by power electronics components. In order to decrease electricity consumption and increase durability of power devices, applications of SCR are estimated to increase during the forecast period. Miniaturization, cost-benefits, and reliability are some of the factors that is driving the applications of SCR in power electronics devices. Considering the above mentioned factors, it is estimated that global SCR market will grow significantly in coming years.
Global SCR market is segmented on the basis of technology, application and geography. By technology, the market can be categorized as DC Gate Triggered SCR and AC Gate Triggered SCR. By application, the global SCR market is sub-segmented as light power control, motor control, light dimmer, liquid level regulator, pressure control system, and others. On the basis of geography, the market is sub-divided as North America, Asia-Pacific, Europe, and Rest of the World (RoW).
Request Report Brochure @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=B&rep_id=15074
On the basis of geography, North America holds the leading position in terms of revenue share of the global SCR market. Besides the development and establishment of the smart power grid, the high penetration of flexible AC transmission system is driving the growth of SCR market in North America. On the other hand, growth of SCR market in European countries is mainly driven by the replacement of the old power distribution infrastructure. Growth of applications in different industrial sectors is expected to significantly impact SCR market in Asia Pacific region. Rising investments in power grid expansion projects across different Asian countries such as India, Indonesia, China and Vietnam among others is alternatively fueling the growth of SCR market.
The key-players in the global silicon-controlled rectifier market are Infineon Technologies (Germany), ON semiconductor (U.S.), Fuji Electric (Japan), SEMIKRON International (Germany), STMicroelectronics (Switzerland), ABB Ltd (Switzerland), IXYS (United States), Renesas Electronics (Japan) and Littlefuse (United States).
About Us
Transparency Market Research (TMR) is a global market intelligence company providing business information reports and services. The company's exclusive blend of quantitative forecasting and trend analysis provides forward-looking insight for thousands of decision makers. TMR's experienced team of analysts, researchers, and consultants use proprietary data sources and various tools and techniques to gather and analyze information.
TMR's data repository is continuously updated and revised by a team of research experts so that it always reflects the latest trends and information. With extensive research and analysis capabilities, Transparency Market Research employs rigorous primary and secondary research techniques to develop distinctive data sets and research material for business reports.
Contact
Transparency Market Research
State Tower,
90 State Street,
Suite 700,
Albany NY – 12207
United States
Tel: +1-518-618-1030
USA – Canada Toll Free: 866-552-3453
Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com
Website: http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com
Massage therapists need the best portable massage chair if they make their service mobile. Nowadays, most of these professionals offer their massaging service at places convenient for their clients. If this is the case, they need the portable chair or table meant for massaging that they can easily carry with them wherever they go.
This is why to help them with the selection of the right portable massage table and chair, topmassagechairs.com reviews the best models available on the web. The team at this website has done an intensive research to help the visitors find the right chair or table on which they can get the best suggestion.
At http://topmassagechairs.com/portable/ , the website says “We based our criteria on customer reviews and rating, brand, quality and, of course, the price”. Even, the website reviews affordable models such that the massage therapists need not have to spend on second hand or used chair or table for massaging.
Not just massage therapists, but individuals, who wish to opt for a good pampering at their home can get benefited from this website. In addition to touring massage therapists, the portable massage chair and table will help therapists with space constraints as well. When not in use they can just fold the table or chair and can save space.
About Top Massage Chairs:
Top massage chairs was established in the year 2014. The purpose of the establishment of this website is to provide the visitors with the right information about the best and the latest massage chairs and other similar equipment that will bring them the best relaxation. The website generally searches for the testimonials and reviews on the web. Further, the company has associated with trustworthy and dependable companies to ensure that their visitors get the secure transaction.
For more information, please visit http://topmassagechairs.com/portable/
Media Contact:
Kyle J. Baca
Company: Top Massage Chairs
Address: Houston, TX
Phone no: 713-319-1046
Email: KyleJBaca@teleworm.us
YOLA, Nigeria (AP) — Officials in Nigeria say gunmen have killed 15 people in an early-morning attack on a Catholic church, including two priests.
The attack took place in Ayar-Mbalom, a community in Benue state.
Terver Akase, a media aide to the Benue state governor, says the attackers also burned down 50 houses.
President Muhammadu Buhari in a statement calls the violation of a place of worship "vile, evil and satanic" and an attempt to stoke religious conflict.
Advertisement
Benue state in central Nigeria has seen a series of attacks in recent weeks, many linked to a long-running dispute between farmers and herdsmen.
A few days ago 10 people were killed by alleged herdsmen in the state.
Creating new horizons in meeting the needs of health economists, health policymakers, health care professionals and researchers internationally through world's leading Health economics Conferences
Health economics is regarding the possible uses of resources in health services sector and with the productive use of economic resources such as Human resource, material and financial resources. Every health care professionals need to familiarize him/ herself with the fundamental concepts of economics and its approach to the health sector in order to control health institutions and health delivery system effectively. At this outset, Conference series LLC's health economics conferences aims to bring together renowned experts from the international scientific community to provide a premier inter-multi-trans-disciplinary to exchange their latest ideas.
Health economics conferences play a leading role in increasing resources to improve health economic outcomes. Managed care services are awaited to advance at a CAGR of 22.87 per cent during 2015–20 to reach USD280 billion by 2020. It provides a fundamental for the understanding of health economics as applied in the wider context of health services research. Public health department subject the student to the broader related academic disciplines of importance in digesting the interaction of economics and global health, such as epidemiology, public health and policy analysis. Health care sector registered 88 funding deals to USD397.41 million as of September 2016.
This reflects the realities and necessities for the health care providers to make the best use of science and technology in delivering cost-effective and high quality services by systematically evaluating their outcomes, in terms of individual benefits and consumer satisfaction to improve the public health.
Health economics deal with the different concepts of macroeconomics as to the law of demand and law of supply, elasticity of demand and supply, monopoly, demand forecasting, the methods to be used in demand forecasting and why is demand forecasting actually needed. Healthcare services revenue in India is set to reach USD 280 billion by 2020; expenditure is likely to expand at a CAGR of 17 per cent over 2011– 20.This will also help in the demand supply curve and assumptions taken while defining the supply curve. The global mHealth market ought to reach $46.2 billion by twenty twenty one from $13.2 billion in twenty sixteen at a compound annual rate (CAGR) of twenty eight.6%, from 2016 to 2021.
Our top health economics conferences 2018 is anticipating participation from renowned speakers including researchers, Health Economists, Healthcare Industry leaders, Health policymakers, Health care administrators, health care professionals, Nursing Professionals, Pharmaceutical and health insurance companies and many from leading universities. The scientific program paves a way to gather visionaries through the plenary lectures, research talks, workshops, and symposia invited sessions and oral and poster sessions of unsolicited contributions.
The theme of Health economics conferences “Equity in delivery and financing of health services & health care across life cycle” brings together renowned experts from the international scientific community to exchange their latest results related to Health financing, health care services, Pharmaceutical manufacturers, health insurance, health econometrics, Behavioural economics, health outcomes research, health care markets, international health economics, Public health, macro and micro economics.
Conference Series is pioneer in organizing Academic, Scientific and Business conferences, meetings, symposiums and exhibitions on a cross-section of fields like Medical, Pharmaceutical, Engineering, Science and Technology to promote scientific research. Every year we host more than 3000+ International Conferences in the USA, Europe, Middle East and Asia with the generous support and cooperation from our 50000+ Editorial Board Members, 1000+ Scientific Societies. All the conference proceedings are published as special issues in our 1000+ Open Access International Journals with the DOI provided by CROSSREF.
For more details
Contact
Caitlyn Sandra
Health Economics 2018 Conference
Conference Series
Direct: (702) 508-5201
Email: Sandracaitlyn27@gmail.com
Everton 3 Southampton 0
Sam Allardyce may not be the only Premier League manager calling for the head of the fixture organiser. Southampton suffered their third defeat in six days as a heavy workload, combined with the powerful presence of Romelu Lukaku, finally told on Claude Puel's weary team at Everton. Ronald Koeman's men capitalised to devastating late effect.
There was little between two teams competing to be the best of the rest in this Premier League campaign until the closing stages at Goodison Park when the introduction of Enner Valencia gave much-needed support to the commanding Lukaku. Within 11 minutes of his arrival the Ecuador international had opened the scoring with his first goal for his on-loan club, he then won a penalty converted by Leighton Baines before Lukaku sealed victory in emphatic style in the final minute. The finale provided the gloss to an otherwise mundane contest.
Fatigue may have contributed to a sterile first half but early injuries disrupted the plans and momentum of both teams. In the opening seconds Cédric Soares, the Southampton full-back, slid into the advertising hoardings after a clean challenge by Baines and suffered a head injury that required lengthy treatment. He was eventually replaced by Jack Stephens, the 22-year-old making his first Premier League appearance for the Saints, as Puel's resources were stretched further.
The Southampton manager had made six changes to the team beaten at home by West Bromwich Albion on New Year's Eve and was also without the suspended Virgil van Dijk. His team's organisation in defence and on the counterattack remained intact, much to their credit, until an improved second-half display by Everton and a ridiculous fixture list took their toll.
Koeman attempted to freshen his team with the inclusion of Tom Davies and Dominic Calvert-Lewin, the 18-year-old midfielder and 19-year-old striker being rewarded for lively substitute appearances at Hull City on Friday and becoming the first teenager due to start a Premier League fixture this season. Calvert-Lewin made an early impact alongside Romelu Lukaku in the Everton attack, setting up Ross Barkley for a low drive saved by Fraser Forster, but his first start for the club would be brief.
ADVERTISEMENT
Having twisted his left ankle as he drove into the Southampton area, the £1.5m summer recruit from Sheffield United gamely limped on for six minutes before succumbing to the inevitable and making way for Kevin Mirallas. It was an unfortunate end to a full debut – as sporting handshakes from Southampton players acknowledged – and Everton laboured without his energy up front.
Forster saved with his legs from Lukaku when the hosts broke from a Southampton corner through Ross Barkley and Idrissa Gana Gueye, making his final appearance for Everton before departing for the Africa Cup of Nations with Senegal. But the visitors were more cohesive and composed in the first half, particularly on the break, and should have edged in front through Jay Rodriguez. The forward escaped a booking when he converted Dusan Tadic's cross with a raised arm, tested Joel Robles with an angled drive that deflected off Ashley Williams and created his best chance out of nothing. Collecting Jordy Clasie's ball with his back to goal, Rodriguez spun away from Davies, slipped away from Williams and, with only the Everton goalkeeper to beat but Seamus Coleman flying in, skied his shot high over the bar. A costly miss.
Unsurprisingly, Everton showed more energy than their weary visitors in the second half with Lukaku's influence improving in tandem with his first touch. Coleman's raids down the right offered an important outlet against a deep, tiring defence and the two combined to telling effect for the breakthrough. It was Lukaku who released Coleman to the byline and also met the inviting cross that came back from the Republic of Ireland international with a downward header. Forster saved with his foot, the rebound bounced off Lukaku's thigh and dropped perfectly for Valencia to convert his first club goal for 12 months from close range.
The Ecuador international, who had only been on the pitch for 11 minutes as a replacement for Aaron Lennon, then won the penalty that enabled Baines to make the points safe for Everton when he was up-ended by Maya Yoshida with his back to goal. Southampton had no complaints as Everton's captain for the day sent their goalkeeper the wrong way from the spot.
Everton's final goal was reward for Lukaku's second-half contribution and evidence of Southampton's lethargy. Jose Fonte was easily dispossessed by Baines as he attempted to bring the ball out of defence and Davies pierced their backline with a fine ball into the feet of the Belgium international. Forster had no chance as an unstoppable shot flew high into his net.
(Guardian service)
Get Birmingham City FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The first two goals of Jota's career inspired Birmingham City to a fourth win in six Championship games and continued their climb away from the relegation zone.
David Davis had put the visitors 1-0 up in the eighth minute before Jota struck twice to hand Blues an unassailable half time lead.
Wednesday finished with nine men after red cards for Marco Matias and Daniel Pudil but at least had the consolation of a Lucas Joao strike soon after the restart.
STARTING FORMATION
4-3-3
STOCKDALE 6
Had barely anything to do in the first half, other than receive a caution for preventing Wednesday taking a corner. Neat with everything else but beaten by a sizzler from Joao.
COLIN 6.5
Might have gone on to score had Pudil not taken him out. Also might have been stronger for Joao goal but overall solid enough.
ROBERTS 6
Had his hands full with Nuhiu's aerial prowess - and was beaten for the Owls goal. But he won plenty of headers before Wednesday's attacking threat died.
DEAN 7
Looked composed on the ball and in the right place at the right time when needed. Leading by example every game now.
GROUNDS 6
Was his usual dependable, consistent self in the first half hour, mopping up in Blues' area, putting pressure on defenders in the opposition box. But then he was carried off, hopefully with nothing too major.
KIEFTENBELD 6.5
Showed good control and energy in the middle, didn't stray forward too often but kept it nice and simple - and avoided that tenth booking again. He should be OK for Villa now.
NDOYE 8
Looking increasingly authoritative in the middle. Broke up play, used the ball reasonably well and used his physical strength to really good effect.
*DAVIS 8
His goal was a reward for his perseverance, chasing a lost cause. His assist for the third was evidence of how effective he can be running in behind. Another very, very good display from a player enjoying his advanced role.
JOTA 8
Finally the Spaniard started to repay his transfer fee. His first goal was pretty lucky, but he was in the right place for his second. Could have had a couple more but overall his best so far.
BOGA 7.5
Looked incredibly dangerous running against a broken defence - terrorising the retreating rearguard. Things began to open up after the break and he might have had a goal or assist.
GALLAGHER 7
No goal today but he led the line well and kept a poor Owls defence on their toes. It was a shift for the team this one.
SUBSTITUTES
BRAMALL (for Grounds, 33) 7: Very lively going forward.
GARDNER (for Kieftenbeld, 75) 6: Kept it ticking late on.
LOWE (for Davis, 84) 6: Saw out the game comfortably.
Not used: Trueman, Morrison, Adams, Jutkiewicz.
OPPOSITION
SHEFFIELD WEDNESDAY (3-5-2): Wildsmith; Vanancio, Loovens (Joao 26), Pudil; Palmer, Butterfield (Thorniley 71), Reach, Pelupessy, Fox; Matias, Nuhiu (Boyd 73). Not used: Dawson, Hunt, Jones, Wallace
GOALS
SHEFF WED: Joao (54)
BLUES: Davis (8), Jota (21, 45+5)
THE REF: S Duncan (Northumberland)
ATTENDANCE: 25,648
NEXT UP: Huddersfield (h), Tuesday, February 6, 7.45pm kick-off
Match report
Club record signing Jota scored the first two goals of his Birmingham City career to lift Blues further away from trouble.
The £6m man grabbed a lucky long ranger in the 21st minute, then tapped in for another just before half time.
By then Blues had taken control through an early David Davis poacher's effort.
Manager Steve Cotterill was forced into making one change, with Jota coming in for the injured Jacques Maghoma.
And however unsettled Blues felt by that, it didn't show as the hosts gave them a huge helping hand.
There seemed no danger when Maxime Colin's eighth minute cross looked to be rolling through to Joe Wildsmith until Frederico Venancio chested the ball back to his own goal.
That allowed Davis to nip in on to blindside and poke into the unguarded net for his second in as many games.
Read More Things you will only get if you support... VILLA
BLUES
ALBION
WOLVES
Wildsmith was at fault for the second after Sam Gallagher won the ball back high up the pitch and fed Jota.
The former Brentford man fired a weak shot from 27-28 yards which was straight at Wildsmith.
But it confounded the goalkeeper who let it slip through his grasp and into the net.
Worryingly Blues had Jonathan Grounds carried off soon after, but Wednesday were reduced to ten men after that when Marco Matias appeared to dip his head at Cohen Bramall.
Blues hammered home their dominance in the fifth minute of first half added time when Wildsmith palmed Davis' cross-shot into Jota's path.
But the Owls ensured it wasn't too comfortable a second half as Lucas Joao hammered in after 54 minutes.
However, any hopes of mounting a sensational comeback were ended in the 72nd minute when the home team was reduced to nine after Daniel Pudil was booked for a second time for taking out Colin.
CADOTT, Wis. (AP) — Green Bay Packers Hall of Fame receiver Donald Driver has surprised another newlywed couple by crashing their wedding reception.
This time it was in western Wisconsin where Driver stopped his bus tour Saturday at Dixon's Apple Orchard and Wedding Venue in Cadott.
He caught Jenna Schier and Nathan Ulness and the bridal party before the grand entrance and escorted the couple into the reception.
Guests applauded as they danced their way to the head table. Later Driver led a dance train through the venue.
Driver says his bus tour across Wisconsin is to thank his fans for their support.
Just last month in Green Bay, Driver surprised another couple by showing up at their wedding reception at Titletown Brewing Company.
PORTLAND, Ore. (KGW) — Sabrina Starks couldn't believe what she was hearing when she received a phone call on Christmas night from James Tylka's mother, saying he had shot and killed his wife and taken off.
Her ex-husband, James Tylka, is accused of killing his wife Katelynn Tylka-Armand, leading police on a chase, then injuring Oregon State Trooper Nic Cederberg in a shootout. Tylka died in a shootout with police.
Starks said what Tylka is accused of doing, is something she never saw coming from the father of her child.
Starks said she wanted to sit down with KGW because she wants others to know that if they have a loved one who needs help, reach out and get them the help they need. That way maybe another tragedy can be prevented.
It's still hard for Starks to think back to a horrific Christmas night.
“I was terrified. I didn't know what was going to happen at that point,” said Starks.
She said she had no idea what Tylka's state of mind was, or if her ex-husband was coming for her after allegedly shooting his wife Kate.
“It was so surreal, so out of character. I broke down and started crying,” Starks said.
Starks said she and Tylka were together from 2008 to 2011. They were married and so in love. But things started to change.
“He had his moments. But he was still a good guy. He loved his kids,” she said.
Those moments included frustrated outbursts and yelling from time to time.
When they separated, Starks said they weren't unified like they once were.
She filed for sole custody of their son. During that time, in court documents, Starks wrote “He is irrational, impulsive, aggressive, and constantly threatening me.”
“That's just because he kept spiraling and spiraling and wasn't getting help. I feel like he didn't know what to do,” said Starks.
Starks' girlfriend, Kirsten Beck, described Tylka as a ‘man's man' who wanted to be in control and may not have been comfortable admitting that he needed help for possible depression.
“It's not in his character to reach out for help because that means weakness,” said Beck, who sat beside Starks in support.
Starks said in the beginning, Tylka was crazy about his new wife Katelyn.
“She's so precious. All she wanted to do was be a mom,” Starks said.
But somewhere along the way, it went downhill. For Starks' son, it's been hard.
“He called her Mommy Kate and she treated him like her own and he loved her for it,” said Starks.
Her 7-year-old little boy lost both his father and stepmom on Christmas.
“To look in his big blue eyes and he says Kirsten, you told me nothing bad ever happens on Christmas. What do you say,” said Beck.
For now, Starks says the healing will continue, as her son tries to hold on to the good memories he had with his dad.
A GoFundMe account for Tylka's 7-year-old son has been set up here. His family said he'll need a lot of counseling after this. The family will need counseling as well.
There are also GoFundMe accounts for the recovering OSP Trooper as well as the 11-month-old girl Tylka had with Kate.
Trooper Cederberg is healing and has been moved out of the ICU.
Follow CBSMIAMI.COM: Facebook | Twitter
MOSCOW (CBSMiami/CNN) – A Russian journalist is alive and well, a shock to many after he was reported to be killed.
The controversial story is causing anger and angst across the globe.
To recap: Russia-watchers received a fresh shock on Tuesday night, when they saw reports that Russian journalist and Kremlin critic Arkady Babchenko had been gunned down in an apparent contract killing.
Ukrainian police reported that an unidentified gunman shot and killed him in the entryway to his apartment in Kiev, an apparent murder that bore the hallmarks of a contract hit, and appeared to be part of a wave of targeted killings in Ukraine directed at opponents of Moscow.
Then Babchenko made a surprise appearance at a press conference Wednesday, very much alive and well.
“I would like to apologize for what you all had to go through … because I've buried friends and colleagues many times, and I know it's a sickening-vomiting feeling when you have to bury your colleagues. You're sorry that they forced you to experience all this,” he said. “But in another way, it was impossible.”
In Babchenko's telling, Ukrainian security services had saved his life. They informed him that a hit was ordered on him from Russia, and the money had already been transferred: $40,000 (something Babchenko ironically described as a respectable price on his head).
Ukrainian officials said they had foiled a deadly plot, and that the person suspected of carrying out an attempted assassination attempt on Babchenko was in custody. But despite the surprise ending, the Ukrainians handed a public-relations gift to the Russian government.
“That Babchenko is alive is the best news,” Russian Foreign Ministry spokeswoman Maria Zakharova said on Facebook. “Wish it was always like that. It's too bad that in other cases, the masquerade didn't quite come off.”
Zakharova said the Ukrainian story had been concocted for “propagandistic effect.” Senior Russian lawmaker Konstantin Kosachev compared the Babchenko case to the Salisbury poisonings, something used “by hook or by crook to defame Russia.”
And that's likely a point that Russian officials will further amplify. Russia has vehemently denied any responsibility for the poisoning of the Skripals in Salisbury, much as it has denied backing separatists in Ukraine's Donbas region and meddling in the 2016 US presidential election. Earlier Wednesday, before Babchenko's surprise reappearance, Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov said the West was using the case “to promote Russophobic views and to create an uncomfortable situation for our country in every possible way,” state news agency TASS reported.
That response — accusing the West of stirring a campaign of Russophobia — has been the default Russian response to everything from the Skripal case to the downing of Malaysia Airlines Flight 17 in eastern Ukraine in 2014. In each case, the Russian government issued furious denials and charged the West with creating “fake news” to blacken Russia's name.
In the case of Babchenko, they can now claim that fake news is real. And others are questioning why the Ukrainians staged Babchenko's death.
“We are relieved that Arkady Babchenko is alive,” said Nina Ognianova, the Europe and Central Asia program coordinator for the Committee to Protect Journalists. “Ukrainian authorities must now disclose what necessitated the extreme measure of staging news of the Russian journalist's murder. CPJ is investigating this unprecedented situation and will have no further comment until we have more details.”
Babchenko is no stranger to controversy. Last year, he fled Russia, saying he was subject to a campaign of harassment “so personal, so scary,” that he was forced to flee his native country.
The main trigger for this wave of harassment? A Facebook post. In December 2016, a Russian plane carrying the Alexandrov Ensemble, a much-loved military choir, crashed into the Black Sea on the way to a performance for Russian troops at a base in Syria. Babchenko said he used the post — in which he refused to express sympathy for the crash victims — to remind readers that Russia was also backing the Syrian government in a brutal offensive against the city of Aleppo.
Russians reacted angrily. Prominent lawmakers and state media vilified him, and Babchenko said he no longer felt safe in Russia.
“My home address has also been published on the Internet, together with an invitation ‘to visit,'” Babchenko wrote. “I have received threats to me and my family by the thousand — in my email inbox, on Facebook and by phone.”
Babchenko in many respects has had an extraordinary career. Before working as a journalist, he served as a conscript soldier in Russia's 1994-96 war against Chechen separatists. He then returned to military service as a contract soldier during a second war in Chechnya that began in 1999. That second conflict helped propel Russian President Vladimir Putin to the presidency. That conflict also propelled Babchenko's writing career: He published a memoir about his life as a young soldier, One Soldier's War.
But this case has raised serious questions for some about the impact of this hoax on the practice of journalism.
“Babchenko is a journalist, not a policeman … and part of our job is trust, whatever Trump and Putin say about fake news,” said Andrei Soldatov, a Russian journalist and expert on intelligence services, on Twitter. “I'm glad he is alive, but he undermined even further the credibility of journalists and the media.”
(© Copyright 2018 CBS Broadcasting Inc. Cable News Network, Inc., a Time Warner Company, contributed to this report)
MIAMI COUNTY — The man who shot and injured one of four intruders who invaded his home in September 2016 was sentenced to serve two years of community control in Miami County Common Pleas Court on Monday.
Daniel Fryman, 30, of West Milton, pleaded guilty to third degree felony drug possession and tampering with evidence in connection with the investigation of the incident. Fryman was also ordered to pay a $5,000 fine, plus $150 in restitution to the sheriff's office for lab tests. No charges were filed related to the shooting of one of the intruders.
On Oct. Fryman's home was targeted as a botched armed robbery likely due to amount of marijuana inside his home on Montgomery County Line Road. Fryman allegedly tampered with surveillance cameras in and around his home during the investigation.
It was Fryman's first felony charge on his record.
Fryman apologized for the incident and said he was “done with this lifestyle.”
Judge Christopher Gee ordered Fryman to complete a substance abuse and mental health assessment within thirty days of the sentencing hearing.
On Sept. 30, four suspects broke into Fryman's Union Township home. During the home invasion, co-defendant Keason Twitty was shot by Fryman outside of the home on North Montgomery County Line Road. Twitty, and the three other intruders, were sentenced to serve seven years in prison for their crimes. The driver received four years in prison. Twitty appeared in court in a wheelchair from the injuries he sustained by Fryman.
Judge Gee reserved 30 months on each charge if Fryman fails to comply with the court orders and violates community control, which includes drug screens.
“I will take you at your word that you are making some changes,” Gee said.
In other court news:
A Troy man was sentenced to serve six years in prison on one count of first degree rape in Miami County Common Pleas Court by Judge Jeannine Pratt on Monday.
In January, Stanley Fraley, 61, of Troy, entered a plea of guilty in regards to an incident where he later admitted to digitally raping an adult female in her home last September.
Fraley was found competent to stand trial following a psychiatric exam. Fraley was also be labeled as a Tier III sex offender.
According to police records, Fraley admitted he had assaulted the woman after he was questioned by Troy Police Department detectives.
The female victim, known to Fraley, contacted Miami County Victim Witness, and reported she had been digitally penetrated against her will by Fraley on Sept. 12. The victim told authorities Fraley asked to have sex with her and she told him no. Fraley then sexually assaulted the female while she was seated in a lift chair. Fraley allegedly then apologized and left her Troy residence.
Judge grants competency and sanity evaluation for Freels
Miami County Common Pleas Court Judge Jeannine Pratt ordered Randy Freels to complete a competency evaluation at the Forensic Psychiatry center for Western Ohio, in Dayton, to determine if he is competent enough to stand trial. Freels has been charged with four felony counts including murder, felonious assault, tampering with evidence and improperly discharging a firearm.
During his arraignment on Jan. 30, Freels entered a plea of not guilty to all the charges. The murder charge carries a sentence of 15 years to life.
Last week, Miami County Public Defender Jack Hemm filed the motion on behalf of Randy Freels, 57, who allegedly shot and killed his wife, Samantha Freels, earlier this year. The motion also requests an evaluation of Freels' mental condition at the time of the offense.
Hemm stated that during observations and attempted conversations with Freels, “it has become evident that there is at least some question regarding (Freels') ability to understand the nature and consequences of the proceedings and to assist in his defense.”
Freels allegedly shot and killed his 52-year-old wife in the area of Elleman Road and West State Route 55 in Union Township on Jan. 12.
Miami County Sheriff's Office deputies responded to a report of a car off the side of the road during poor road conditions. Units on the scene advised the victim was not breathing. Samantha Freels' vehicle was located in a creek, and she was pronounced dead at the scene.
Randy Freels was later apprehended by the Special Response Team at his home in the 2000 block of Rangeline Road. He remains incarcerated at the Miami County Jail.
Last month, a family member filed a civil lawsuit in Miami County Common Pleas Court against Freels.
Anthony Freels, administrator of the estate of his mother, Samantha Freels, filed the lawsuit, dated Feb. 20, seeking monetary compensation for more than $25,000 in a wrongful death suit in civil court.
Daniel Fryman, 30, charged with drug possession after botched home invasion in 2016
INDIANAPOLIS (AP) — Shares of Eli Lilly and Co. climbed early Tuesday after the drugmaker hiked its 2018 forecast and reported first-quarter earnings that beat expectations.
The insulin maker said it now expects adjusted earnings to range from $5.10 to $5.20 per share, with revenue coming in between $23.7 billion and $24.2 billion. That's up from the company's previous forecast for adjusted earnings of $4.81 to $4.91 per share on revenue of $23 billion to $23.5 billion.
Analysts forecast, on average, earnings of $4.88 per share on $23.43 billion in revenue, according to FactSet.
Lilly reported first-quarter net income of $1.22 billion, after booking a $110.8 million loss in last year's quarter.
Advertisement
On a per-share basis, the Indianapolis-based company said earnings, adjusted for asset impairment costs, came to $1.34 per share.
Those results also exceeded the average expectation on Wall Street, which was $1.13 per share, according to Zacks Investment Research.
The drugmaker posted revenue of $5.7 billion in the period, also beating Street forecasts. Four analysts surveyed by Zacks expected $5.53 billion.
Lilly shares gained $1.35 to $81.55 before markets opened Tuesday. The stock had fallen 5 percent since the beginning of the year, while the Standard & Poor's 500 index has stayed nearly flat.
_____
Elements of this story were generated by Automated Insights (http://automatedinsights.com/ap) using data from Zacks Investment Research. Access a Zacks stock report on LLY at https://www.zacks.com/ap/LLY
Follow CBSMIAMI.COM: Facebook | Twitter
DEERFIELD BEACH (CBSMiami) – It's the missing link between the Sawgrass Expressway and I-95, and it only exists because neighbors in the 1980's spoke up and shut it down.
Now the state is showing off new plans to finally make the connection, yet the debate, and the opposition, could be fiercer than ever before.
There is plenty to discuss when it comes to the Florida Department of Transportation's plans to link up the two major highways right down Southwest 10th Street in Deerfield Beach.
“We are watching like hawks,” said Mayor Bill Ganz. “To make sure our voices are heard on this project.”
At a public meeting Tuesday, locals were shown plans for the project that would not be built for at least three years.
Two plans were laid out, one that splits Southwest 10th Street in two, with the connector running in between.
The other plan has the connector running to the north of Southwest 10th Street.
“We have a little gap between the Sawgrass and I-95 and what we are trying to do is a Southwest 10th Street connector that will take the Sawgrass to I-95 but keep a local Southwest 10th Street for local folks,” said Anson Sonnett, Project Engineer for FDOT.
During rush hour Southwest 10th Street can become extremely congested as commuters try to connect with I-95 from the Sawgrass.
The FDOT plan includes to remedy the situation includes depressed roadway, some of them covered.
It's a major construction project that won't leave everyone happy.
Local resident Mary Ann says she is going to sell before the construction drives down property values.
“I am very upset about the whole thing,” she said.
The project is a bit of a hard well with the crowd from area condos, with one person saying, “I do not think any of us want to live by a 595 situation.”
Pyrotechnics to cap off a day of parades, concerts, festivals, family fun and — of course — food
Santa Barbara County is literally bursting with things to do to celebrate the Fourth of July on Thursday.
Goleta
» The 39th Annual Old-Fashioned Fourth of July will be held at Rancho La Patera & Stow House, 304 N. Los Carneros Road, from 11 a.m. to 4 p.m. This family-fun event will include museum tours, all-day live music, kid-friendly games, great barbecue, classic cars and more. Cost is $6; children under 12 are free.
» Santa Barbara Elks Lodge No. 613 is hosting a family-fun fair that will include music, pony rides, bingo, a children's craft area and more. Activities will take place from 11 a.m. to 5 p.m. at the Elks Lodge, 150 N. Kellogg Ave. in Goleta.
» The Rotary Clubs of Goleta Fireworks Festival takes place at Girsh Park, 7050 Phelps Road behind Camino Real Marketplace. The Rotary Clubs of Goleta are hosting the 16th annual festival, which starts at 4 p.m. Before the fireworks show, there will be entertainment, kid-friendly games and great food.
Tickets are $6 each, with children under 12 free. Click here to purchase tickets.
Lompoc
» Lompoc's annual Fourth of July Fireworks Show will take place at Lompoc High School's Huyck Stadium, 515 W. College Ave. Gates will open at 5 p.m. Jump Drive will provide live music as spectators enjoy games and great food.
Tickets are $4 for adults and $2 for children until July 2 at Anderson Recreation Center, 125 W. Walnut Ave., and Lompoc Community Bank, 705 W. Central Ave. Tickets will be available at the gate for $6 for adults and $4 for children.
Montecito
The Village Fourth Parade will take place in Montecito, starting at Upper Manning Park on San Ysidro Road and traveling to Lower Manning Park. The parade starts at 11:30 a.m. with festivities following at Lower Manning Park.
The San Ysidro Firehouse is holding a pancake breakfast at 7:30am. Tickets available at the door. For more information, call 805-969-2026
Santa Barbara
» The Fourth of July Old Mission Art Show is open from 10 a.m. to 5 p.m. at the Santa Barbara Mission, 2201 Laguna St. More than 45 local artists will be featured. From water color paintings to jewelry, sculptures to pottery, many art pieces will be on display in the garden setting.
» Washington on the Plaza, an exciting new musical drama of first reading of the Declaration of Independence, will be performed at De la Guerra Plaza from 11:30 a.m. to 12:20 p.m. This family-friendly production includes a high-energy sing-a-long to American ballads, and children are encouraged to participate.
» The Spirit of ‘76 Foundation is putting on the 51st Annual Fourth of July Parade in Santa Barbara. Starting at 1 p.m., the parade will begin at Micheltorena Street and travel down State State. The parade is fun for the whole family. Get there early to find a great spot to watch the festivities.
» The Santa Barbara Rescue Mission is holding its sixth annual Fourth of July Carnival in the Rescue Mission's parking lot, 535 E. Yanonali St. From 2 to 5 p.m., a barbecue dinner will be served to homeless guests as they enjoy carnival games and music.
» The Spirit of ‘76 Foundation will present an Independence Day Concert at 4 p.m. at the Santa Barbara County Courthouse Sunken Garden, 1100 Anacapa St. This classical concert will commemorate the signing of the Declaration of Independence.
» The West Coast Symphony Orchestra will perform American Salute — A Fourth of July Musical Celebration starting at 5 p.m. at the Courthouse Sunken Garden. The early performance will present American favorites and allow time for spectators to walk to the fireworks show at the Santa Barbara Harbor.
» The City of Santa Barbara and Santa Barbara SPARKLE are hosting a free fireworks display at West Beach. Festivities begin at noon, and fireworks start at 9 p.m.
Santa Maria
» The Santa Maria Fairpark, 937 S. Thornburg St., is presenting the free Fourth of July Community Fireworks Celebration. Gates open at 3 p.m. At 5:30 p.m. there will be a free classic oldies concert by Hot Rods, and the fireworks show will begin at 9 p.m.
Solvang
» The Solvang Fourth of July Parade will begin 11 a.m. at Mission Drive, turns on Fourth Street, and then continues to Copenhagen Drive. Festivities follow at Mission Santa Inés, 1760 Mission Drive, where the fireworks show will be taking place when the sun sets.
— Noozhawk intern Karina Evans can be reached at .(JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address) . Follow Noozhawk on Twitter: @noozhawk. Connect with Noozhawk on Facebook.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The number of teen pregnancies in the West Midlands has fallen by more than a third in just five years.
Data published by the Office for National Statistics today shows there were 338 conceptions to girls aged 15 to 17 in the region in the quarter ending September 2015.
That compares to 538 in the same quarter in 2010, and 645 in the same quarter of 2008 - a fall of 37.2 per cent in five years.
Wolverhampton has seen the biggest percentage drop.
The number of conceptions in the West Midlands is down from 57 in July-September 2010, to 30 in July-September 2015.
Dudley was also down, going from 56 to 32.
Birmingham, meanwhile, fell from 208 to 128, while Walsall went from 65 to 40, Solihull dipped from 31 to 21, Sandwell went from 62 to 44 and Coventry from 59 to 43.
The trend in the West Midlands is roughly in line with other parts of the country.
Across England and Wales as a whole, there were 4,817 conceptions to 15 to 17-year-olds in July-September 2015.
This figure is down a whopping 41.4 per cent compared to the 8,226 conceptions in July-September 2010.
The falling rates have followed major drives to increase awareness and availability of contraception.
Sexual health awareness among teenagers across the country is also a factor, experts say.
Chelsea have announced that John Terry will leave the club at the end of the season.
The former England captain has been used sparingly by Antonio Conte this season, playing just 366 minutes in the Premier League after signing a one-year extension last May. A statement on Chelsea's website on Sunday confirmed the 36-year-old will depart Stamford Bridge in the summer.
“After 22 years there is so much to say and so many people to thank at this great football club. From coaches, team-mates and staff to the fans who have given me so much support down the years, I can't thank you enough. There will be opportunities for me to speak further about this over the coming weeks,” said Terry, who added that he will not retire.
“I will decide on my future in due course, but for now I am committed to helping the team achieve success this season. The club and I have always had a fantastic relationship, which will continue beyond my playing days. We had some really positive talks but with everything taken into careful consideration I have decided it's the right time for me to leave.
“I've always been conscious that I depart at the right time, in the right way, and I feel that the end of this season is the right time for the club and I. I feel I still have plenty to offer on the pitch but understand that opportunities here at Chelsea will be limited for me. I'm eager to carry on playing and so will be looking to continue with a new challenge. I will of course always be a Blue and am desperate to end my final season as a Chelsea player with more silverware.
“Finally, words cannot describe the love I have for our football club and our amazing Chelsea fans. I would like to thank each and every one of you from the bottom of my heart for the unbelievable support you've shown me over the years. You mean the world to me and every trophy we've won during my time at the club we've won together. I will never forget the incredible journey we've been on. Thank you so much for everything.”
Guardian services
Spotters in a helicopter have found a large white object submerged in the turbulent Kings River east of Fresno that may be the car of two tourists missing for more than a week, the California Highway Patrol said Monday.
It would be the second tourist car lost in less than a month on a treacherous stretch of Highway 180 through Forest Service land. Four tourists are now thought to have plunged to their deaths in the swollen Kings River near Convict Flat, and search and rescue crews have so far been unable to retrieve their vehicles or their bodies.
Yinan Wang, 31, and his wife Jie Song, 30, were last seen about 2 p.m. Aug. 6 at the junction of Crystal Cave Road and the Generals Highway. They were scheduled to stay a night in Fresno before going to Yosemite and then back home to San Diego on Aug. 9.
The couple, who are both Chinese nationals, were driving a white Ford Focus.
Fresno County Sheriff's Office search and rescue team members in the CHP's helicopter “observed a large white object below the water line,” a CHP news release states. The spotters could not see if any occupants were in the white object or see a license plate.
The large white object in the water is near another car that went over the edge last month and is still visible in the river. That car is believed to contain the bodies of two tourists from Thailand who have been reported missing.
Fresno County officials on Monday were meeting in Fresno with leaders of the Thai community of Southern California to talk about efforts to recover the bodies believed to be those of two Thai tourists whose car ran off a steep cliff on Highway 180 and into Kings River on July 26. The car remains stuck in the river and the sheriff's office reports that two bodies are inside.
While their identities haven't been confirmed, a letter from a family member to the U.S. Embassy in Thailand named them as Pakkapol Chairattanasongporn, 28, and Thiwadee Saengsuriyarit, 24, exchange students attending the University of South Florida.
Thiwadee Saengsuriyarit, 24, and Pakkapol Chairattanasongporn, 28, are believed to be in a red car lodged on a rock in the Kings River. The Thai students went missing July 26 during a visit to Sequoia and Kings Canyon National Parks. FRESNO COUNTY SHERIFF'S OFFICE
Fresno County Supervisor Nathan Magsig, who was involved in the meetings, said the Southern California contingent thanked the sheriff's office for the work it has been doing to retrieve the bodies.
Tanee Sangrat, counsel-general for the Thai Consulate in Los Angeles, said the visit was an opportunity for the Thai community to “pay their condolences to the victims and express their support for officials.”
Fresno County officials on Monday met in Fresno with leaders of the Thai community of Southern California to talk about efforts to recover the bodies believed to be those of two Thai tourists whose car ran off a steep cliff on Highway 180 and into Kings River on July 26. The car remains stuck in the river and the sheriff's office reports that two bodies are inside. FRESNO COUNTY SHERIFF'S OFFICE
He said the Thai community and families of the man and woman in the car know county officials are working around the clock, which is why they wanted to offer their support.
“They also wanted to get briefings and details from the rescue teams because the news is being followed very closely in the Thai community and in Thailand,” Sangrat said. “They want it to be done quickly but very safely for the rescue teams.”
Sangrat said he is hopeful that the water levels will recede enough by Tuesday or Wednesday for recovery teams to consider removing the car and the bodies inside from the river.
Both cars went over the edge about 50 feet from each other, sheriff's spokesman Tony Botti said.
The river is moving too swiftly for rescuers to safely remove the bodies in the red car, Botti said. The river is moving about 600 cubic feet per second and search and rescue is waiting for it to recede to 400 cubic feet per second, he said.
Once that happens, search and rescue deputies hope to move the Thai students' car to a slower part of the river to make it safer to remove the bodies.
Rescue crews were already trying to determine the best way to retrieve the red car when the keen eye of a Fresno County sheriff's deputy provided a potential break in the search for the missing San Diego couple driving the white Ford Focus in Sequoia National Park.
The deputy was watching local television coverage Aug. 8 of the attempted recovery of the red car from the river when she saw a California license plate in the brush that read 6XMM431. The deputy knew the plate didn't belong to the Thai students' rental car, and a records check showed it belonged to a 2012 Ford Focus. Three days later, the sheriff's office was notified that the couple was missing. They were last seen driving a 2012 white Ford Focus with the same license plate.
On Saturday, the sheriff's office and California Highway Patrol both flew helicopters above the canyon where the red car remains in the river to see if there were any signs of a white car. They found some vehicle parts in the river about 40 yards upstream from the red car, but at that point deputies were unable to determine if the parts belong to the white Ford Focus.
Deputies are now working a parallel investigation involving the Ford Focus as they continue efforts to develop a plan to recover the red car belonging to the Thai students.
Meanwhile, Caltrans has launched a traffic investigation to examine whether there's a pattern of vehicles crashing along that stretch of Highway 180. That investigation, launched after the Thai students' accident, is expected to take two months.
WINNIPEG (AP) — The Winnipeg Hawks appointed controversial Australian opening batsman David Warner as captain of their Global T20 Canada team on Wednesday.
The 31-year-old cricketer replaces the injured West Indian Dwayne Bravo as skipper.
Hawks coach Waqar Younis told the BBC: "He's going to be a good leader. He's a team man. He's up front and he likes to give whatever his knowledge is."
Earlier this year, Warner was banned from international and domestic state cricket for 12 months by Cricket Australia following the ball-tampering row that blew up during the national team's tour of South Africa.
Advertisement
The former Australia vice-captain has made only six runs in three innings for the Hawks, his first competitive action for three months.
According to a new research report published by Transparency Market Research (TMR), the global advanced driver assistance system (ADAS) market is projected to reach US$50.48 billion in 2020. TMR states that the market, having a valuation of US$14.80 billion in 2013, will display an impressive 19.2% CAGR between 2014 and 2020.
The report, titled “Advanced Driver Assistance Market – Global Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Growth, Trends and Forecast, 2013 – 2020”, is available for sale on the company website.Worldwide, increasing disposable incomes are boosting demand for sophisticated automobiles, which will lead to significant growth of the automotive sector. In developed countries such as the U.S, the U.K., and Japan, increasing emphasis on safety pertaining to automobiles stands as a key factor driving the ADAS market.
In recent years, increasing importance of consumer safety and installation of ADAS in low-cost cars is also aiding the growth of this market. With the rising geriatric population worldwide and changing family structures, there is surging demand for comfort driving that employs the latest technology.
ADAS technologies assist everyday driving tasks by reducing the demands on the driver and adding comfort, which helps enhance luxury and comfort, complementing safety with these benefits.However, production complexities and cost pressures associated with environmental factors that affect the system's performance hinder the growth of the global ADAS market, states the report.
Get A Brochure Of Report https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=B&rep_id=2914
Adaptive cruise control registered as the largest segment of the market, accounting for 18.15% of the overall market in 2013. However, the tire pressure monitoring system segment is anticipated to witness the fastest growth, at a CAGR of 21.1% from 2014 to 2020. Additionally, drastic and rapid economic reforms and mandatory legislations all over the globe will spur the growth of the market in coming years.
In 2013, North America held the largest share of the global ADAS market. This was mainly due to strict safety and environmental regulations and favorable consumer preference to own advanced vehicles with the latest technology. Consumers in the region are inclined towards owning automobiles with advanced comfort systems and equipped with features that are compliant with health and safety regulations imposed by the government.
Make An Enquiry https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=S&rep_id=2914
The ADAS market in the U.S. and Europe has a huge potential due to mandatory implementation of certain ADAS features in the automotive sector by regulatory agencies. For instance, the advanced driver assistance system characteristics like pedestrian protection and tire pressure monitoring system will be compulsory in Russia in coming years. However, Asia Pacific is expected to exhibit the fastest growth, at a CAGR of 20.5% from 2014 to 2020.
Increasing vehicle demand, growing purchasing power, and changing buyer preferences are attributed as the major factors propelling the ADAS market in Asia Pacific. In the rest of the world, favorable policies in countries in Latin America and the Middle East and Africa is contributing massively to the growth of the ADAS market. The report profiles some of the key participants in the global advanced driver assistance system market that are Autoliv Inc., Denso, BMW AG, Robert Bosch GmBH, Audi AG, and Continental AG.
Index Markets Research offers a detailed research on Global AMicrobial Enrichment Broth Market with the future prospects of the market to provide the current state and emerging trends in the market. The report covers methodical outlook by considering aspects such as market growth, market demands, business strategies, consumption volume, market trends and industry cost structure during the forecast period 2018-2025. New vendors in the market are facing tough competition from established international vendors as they struggle with technological innovations, reliability and quality issues. The Prominent Manufacturers included Bayer Cropscience, Novozymes, BASF, Sumitomo Chemical, Syngenta, DOW Agrosciences, Arysta Lifescience, Certis, Koppert, Gujarat State Fertilizers & Chemicals Ltd. (GSFC).
The AMicrobial Enrichment Broth Market report includes a brief on these trends that can help the businesses operating in the industry to understand the market and strategize for their business expansion accordingly. The research report analyzes the market size, industry share, growth, key segments, CAGR and key drivers. In this part, the report presents the company profile, product specifications, capacity, production value, and 2013-2018 market shares for each company. Through the statistical analysis, the report depicts the global total market of AMicrobial Enrichment Broth industry including capacity, production, production value, cost/profit, supply/demand and import/export. The total market is further divided by company, by country, and by application/type for the competitive landscape analysis.
Request for Sample Report @ https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-amicrobial-enrichment-broth-market/10143/#requestforsample
The AMicrobial Enrichment Broth Market report gives a description of the competitive nature of the market, market shares, and its growth rates based on 5-year history data along with company profile of key players/manufacturers. The Porter's Five Forces model and the SWOT analysis are also a fraction of this study so as to assist businessmen in recognizing the spirited background of the market. This is The market report integrates a study of the investment charisma of the market, and the end consumers have been standardized based on their general attractiveness, rate of development, and size of the market.It provides overview with growth analysis and historical & futuristic cost, revenue, volume delivered (in kilo tons) and the income it produces (in US$), demand and supply data (as applicable). The research analysts provide an elaborate description of the value chain and its distributor analysis.
Geographically, this report is portioned into a few key Regions, with generation, utilization, income (million USD), piece of the pie and development rate in these areas, from 2018 to 2025 (gauge), covering United States, China, Europe, Japan, Southeast Asia, India and Rest of World.
AMicrobial Enrichment Broth Market Products Type Segmentation : Bacterial, Fungal Microbials, Composite Microbials, Others (Algae, Virus, and Protozoa).
AMicrobial Enrichment Broth Market Applications Segmentation : Cereals & Grains, Oilseeds & Pulses, Fruits & Vegetables, Others.
Key Highlights of the AMicrobial Enrichment Broth Market :
1) A Clear understanding of the market supported growth, constraints, opportunities, practicableness study.
2) Analyze the opportunities in the market for stakeholders by identifying the high growth segments.
3) It depicts parameters such as production value, capacity in a statistical format that is accurately fathomed by the readers.
4) Strategically analyze each submarket with respect to individual growth trend and their contribution to the market.
5) Strategically profile the key players and comprehensively analyze their growth strategies.
Inquiry for Buying Report @ https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-amicrobial-enrichment-broth-market/10143/#inquiry
In the conclusion, The AMicrobial Enrichment Broth market downstream consumer analysis, upstream raw materials, different types of equipment are concealed in the report. Research findings, conclusions, industry feasibility analysis, vendors and traders involved, appendix data and figures in the form of tables, graphs, and pie-charts.
About Us
Index Markets Research conduct market research and publish reports. You can find more than 35,000 research reports in our web store, which covers global industry and the regional markets. All the worldwide marketing data you need is at your fingertips.
Contact Us
Mark Irwin
Sales Manager
Email Id: sales@indexmarketsresearch.com
Phone: +1 202 888 3519
Web: https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/
Flu shots may not always work for obese people Research indicates that immune cells that guard against the virus don't function properly in obese individuals.
iStock
Being obese increases one's likelihood of developing diseases like diabetes, heart disease and cancer. And in pregnancy excess weight may lead to serious health problems for both mother and child.
A recent study has shown that overweight people are also twice as inclined to get sick, despite being vaccinated against the flu.
Even though a flu shot is the best way to avoid getting sick, new research reveals the vaccine doesn't work as well for people who are obese.
Another factor is that the virus that you might have might not be the exact same as the version of the vaccine you received.
Chronic health issues
Scientists at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill found obese people who got a flu shot were twice as likely as their normal-weight peers to still get sick.
Obesity is tied to an increased risk for several chronic health issues, the study authors explained. People who are obese are also more likely to die from the flu, they added.
For the study, the researchers compared effectiveness of the flu vaccine among 1 022 adults.
The flu shot
Health24 previously reported that every year a new flu shot is formulated, as the flu virus mutates. A new vaccine is needed every year to keep up with the changes in the flu virus itself.
Participants received the seasonal trivalent inactivated flu vaccine during the 2013–2014 and 2014–2015 flu seasons. The researchers evaluated their symptoms and used lab tests to measure their immune system's response to the shot.
The World Health Organization reports that in Southern Africa influenza activity remains low and below the seasonal threshold.
The study, published recently in the International Journal of Obesity, found that nearly 10% of the obese people got the flu despite being vaccinated. That compares to about 5% of participants who were a healthy weight.
High-risk patients
"Vaccinated obese adults are twice as likely to develop influenza and influenza-like illnesses compared to vaccinated healthy weight adults," study co-author Melinda Beck said in a journal news release. She is a professor of nutrition at UNC's Gillings School of Global Public Health.
The researchers suggest the flu shot isn't as effective for obese people because their T-cells don't function as well as they should. T-cells, which are infection fighters, help guard against the flu and aid in recovery.
Understanding body functions
"Impaired cell functioning, despite the robust production of antibodies, may make vaccinated obese adults more susceptible to influenza infection," explained study lead author Scott Neidich who is currently a postdoctoral researcher at Duke University's Human Vaccine Institute, in Durham, North Carolina.
"Alternative approaches may be needed to protect obese adults from both seasonal and pandemic influenza virus infections."
Read more:
Diagnosing flu
Treating flu
Preventing flu
A woman whose car was involved in a fatal crash had no time to react after a psychiatric patient allegedly grabbed the steering wheel, the High Court has been told.
Elizabeth Dillon was driving a car that crashed into another car being driven by Emma Kenneally outside Kilkenny city on August 24th 2011. Tom and Angela Kenneally, passengers in the car, were killed and Emma Kenneally suffered serious head injuries.
Niall Fitzgibbon SC, told the court Ms Dillon will say she screamed and blacked out when her brother Sean, whom she was driving home from St Luke's Hospital, allegedly grabbed the steering wheel from her.
Sean Dillon, the front seat passenger, was later found not guilty by reason of insanity of the manslaughter of Tom Kenneally (65) and his wife Angela (61) from outside Templemore, Co Tipperary.
Mr Fitzgibbon, for Elizabeth Dillon, said his client will say she had no time to react when her car veered across the road and crashed into the other car.
Emma Kenneally (35), a teacher, of Barnae, Templemore, has sued Elizabeth Dillon, of Bowsfield, Killerigh,Tullow, Co Carlow and Sean Dillon of the same address.
In court on Friday, Mr Fitzgibbon extended his sympathies to Ms Kenneally over what happened and “ for all your losses.”
He said Elizabeth Dillon will say her brother Sean, following a significant act of self harm, had been admitted to St Luke's Hospital, Kilkenny, where he was diagnosed with a psychiatric disorder.
Six days before the fatal crash, counsel day, it was advised Mr Dillon be brought out for short trips.
A number of trips were taken in the days before the incident.
Counsel said Ms Dillon will say her brother grabbed the steering wheel with both hands on the day of the crash.
“ She will say she screamed and blacked out,” counsel said.
Ms Kenneally has also sued the HSE, the owners of St Luke's Hospital, and the Motor Insurers Bureau of Ireland. The MIBI is being sued because of the allegation Sean Dillon, who was not insured, was in control of the car at the time of the crash.
It is further alleged against Ms Dillon she allowed her brother to travel as a front seat passenger when she knew or ought to have known it was potentially unsafe to do so.
It is claimed the HSE allegedly released Mr Dillon into the care of his sister when it was allegedly dangerous and unsafe to do and there was failure to ensure adequate assistance was available to the Ms Dillion to manage the behaviour of her brother.
The claims are denied.
The case before Mr Justice Anthony Barr resumes next week.
All three incumbent Unalaska City Council members were defeated in an election marked by a controversy over the resignation of the city manager.
Dennis Robinson ousted John Waldron, 313 to 273. Shari Coleman, in a 320-to-193 vote, defeated incumbent Rachelle Hatfield, who had been appointed to fill a council vacancy last year. In a three-way contest, Jim Fitch won with 320 votes to 151 for Jeff Treannie, and 111 for incumbent Yudelka Leclere, according to City Clerk Cat Hazen.
Voters Tuesday opposed doubling city sales taxes on alcohol, tobacco, and marijuana by a vote of 273 against. There were 237 votes in support of proposition 1, but that could still theoretically be reversed on Friday, as over 70 absentees, questioned and personal representative votes remain to be counted, according to Hazen.
On Tuesday, 537 people voted, and with the ballots yet uncounted, it is one of the highest turnouts in city history for a local election.
The community was roiled over whether former City Manager David Martinson was pressured to take disciplinary action against Deputy Police Chief Jennifer Shockley, since she circulated an online survey on the city council's performance which she said she did anonymously. The question in the community was, how was it learned where it came from?
The rumors were that Leclere had illegally hacked into Shockley's internet service, in her capacity as the manager of the local GCI cellphone and internet company. Leclere said at a city council meeting that her 12-year-old daughter was traumatically accosted by three people saying her mother was a crook and was going to jail. Leclere said later she was questioned by a local police officer, though she declined to provide details, citing an ongoing investigation.
But another explanation was offered by City Councilor David Gregory, who said that when the survey was first circulated, it contained a contact phone number, which turned out to be Jennifer Shockley's.
A phone message left with Shockley from the Bristol Bay Times-Dutch Harbor Fisherman regarding the issue was not returned.
Gregory said he first heard of the issue at an Ounalashka Corporation barbecue, from staff who were upset with what they saw as an attack on the city council launched by the police department.
All three city council members defended the city council's handling of Martinson's resignation, which they said came at his emailed request as he was negotiating a severance package. However, at an emotional city council meeting attended by about 80 local residents last month, Martinson said he had never offered to resign.
A public records act request from the Dutch Harbor Fisherman for copies of those emails was effectively denied by City Attorney Brooks Chandler. The newspaper did receive outlines of the emails with all the contents blacked out. Chandler said the communications involved personnel issues exempted from the Alaska Public Records Act.
Jim Paulin can be reached at jpaulinj@reportalaska.com
Attorney General Jeff Sessions recently called for the return of Drug Abuse Resistance Education (D.A.R.E.), the 1980s anti-drug campaign aimed at helping prevent and combat youth drug use.
However, to truly prevent kids from using drugs, our country needs programs that are proven to work. In particular, marijuana, since it is becoming increasingly legalized.
What we do not need is a reboot of the uninformed, unsuccessful D.A.R.E. model.
A number of academic studies have shown how D.A.R.E. was at best ineffectual and, at worst, more likely to convince kids to try drugs. The program failed to tap into youth culture and truly change kids' views on drugs. I should know. As a middle-school student in 1996, I was part of the era.
Read the full op-ed at TheHill.com
Andrew Freedman is the former director of Marijuana Coordination for the State of Colorado. He is the Co-Founder of Freedman & Koski, a Colorado-based consultancy. Freedman is also leading the Youth Marijuana Prevention Council.
This story was first published on TheHill.com
With the NFL playoff field all set, Vegas has updated its Super Bowl LI odds, and there is both good and bad news for Patriots fans.
First the good news: With 8-to-5 odds, New England is the heavy favorite to lift the Lombardi Trophy at the end of the season.
Woohoo!!! Tom Brady dance party!!!!!!!
OK, now the bad news, and this is downright spooky: The Giants — you know, the Patriots' old nemeses — have 18-to-1 odds to win it all.
18 to 1
As in 18-1
As in the Patriots' record after Eli Manning and David Tyree did this in Super Bowl XLII…
You heard it here first: The Giants are beating the Patriots in the Super Bowl.
$11.77 per week *
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $11.77 per week.
You will be billed $66.30 per month after the trial ends
At a federal court in Wisconsin, a British cybersecurity expert pleaded not guilty to charges over an alleged malware scheme to steal personal banking information.
Before these accusations, Marcus Hutchins was known for his role in finding the "kill switch" to the WannaCry ransomware cyber-attack last May that "threatened over 150 countries," NPR's Leila Fadel reported.
After today's hearing, Hutchins' lawyer Marcia Hofmann described him as a "brilliant young man and a hero," and said that "when the evidence comes to light, we are confident he will be fully vindicated."
The FBI took Hutchins into custody earlier this month in Las Vegas, where he had been attending a cybersecurity conference.
In July, a federal grand jury indicted him and an unnamed co-defendant on six counts dating from July 2014 to July 2015.
The indictment accuses Hutchins of creating the malware, which is called Kronos. The two co-defendents then allegedly advertised it on internet forums and sold it.
Hutchins is charged with "one count of conspiracy to commit computer fraud and abuse, three counts of distributing and advertising an electronic communication interception device, one count of endeavoring to intercept electronic communications, and one count of attempting to access a computer without authorization," as Leila reported.
She added that other members of his community were shocked at the accusations, because they are counter to his reputation as a person devoted to preventing this kind of attack.
Hutchins was "granted bail on 5 August after $30,000 ...was raised by friends and family," according to the BBC.
But his release comes with strict conditions, as detailed by The Associated Press:
"His bond has been modified so that he can stay in Los Angeles near his attorney and travel anywhere in the U.S., but he cannot leave the country. He was also granted access to use a computer for work, a change from an earlier judge's order barring him from using any device with access to the internet. Hutchins has been working for a network security company, according to prosecutors, who did not oppose allowing him access to a computer for work." "Hutchins is required to wear a GPS monitor, but [Magistrate Judge William] Duffin said the court will consider removing that requirement once Hutchins has found a home in Los Angeles and is complying with the terms of his bond."
The wire service adds that the next hearing is scheduled for Oct. 17.
Bird Academy IATA 2018 Regional Top Performer Award
New Delhi, April 18, 2018: Bird Academy, one of South Asia's Top-10 2011 IATA- certified Authorised Training Centers, has been awarded the IATA 2018 Regional Top Performer Award at the recently concluded Global Training Partners Conference in Istanbul.
Speaking on the occasion, Mrs. Radha Bhatia, Chairperson, Bird Group said, “We are thrilled & thankful to have received this prestigious award from IATA. It is an acknowledgement of the dedication and hard work that has been put in by everyone at Bird Academy since its inception. With our growing portfolio of training programs and our partnership with IATA, we aim to bridge the employability gap within the aviation and aerospace sector.”
Established in 1998, Bird Academy offers a complete spectrum of quality training programs on Aviation, Travel, Tourism, Hospitality and Retail. The courses offered are conceptualized with a view to provide an in-depth understanding and technical skills in the various fields. Recently, Bird Academy has also introduced ‘English Speaking Course' to help in the overall grooming of students.
The IATA Regional Top Performer Award recognizes training centers for their contribution to developing the human capital for tomorrow's air transport industry. IATA endeavors to provide a wide range of training programs spanning all aviation industry sectors in collaboration with training partners and prestigious academic institutions worldwide.
About Bird Academy
Bird Academy, run under the aegis of Bird Education Society for Travel & Tourism – a registered society, is providing skill development by way of training students to enable them to gain necessary skills and qualification in the travel, tourism and aviation sector and meet the job sector demands by providing a multi skilled, competent and efficient work force. Bird Academy is a pioneer in designing curriculum, developing content and conduct of training and vocational programs. Bird Academy is also closely associated with Women in Aviation (India Chapter), a non-profit organization that skills and empowers women in the aviation industry. The Academy is associated with Rajiv Gandhi National Aviation University (RGNAU), Delhi University and US-India Aviation Cooperation Program (ACP) as its knowledge and training partners.
Shares in Irish bookmaker Paddy Power Betfair fell 3.77 per cent to €80.40 in Dublin on Tuesday on the back of concerns surrounding a UK government review of fixed odds betting terminals (FOBTs).
The gambling giant, led by Peter Jackson, also fell on its London listing by 4.85 per cent.
The bookmaker's Irish share price drop on Tuesday, wiping around €206 million of its market capitalisation, was more than triple the fall of Ireland's benchmark index. However, the trading average for the stock was also more than triple the 20-day moving average.
Paddy Power's fall, the biggest for any stock on the Iseq overall index since March 7th, wasn't quite as pronounced as that in UK betting companies.
Shares in William Hill were down 12.7 per cent by the close of business among investor concerns that more increases in gaming taxes in the UK may be on the way.
A report from the Times of London newspaper suggested that the UK treasury had accepted a cut in the maximum FOBT stake to £2, meaning the market is likely to start pricing in such an outcome, Davy analyst David Jennings said in a note.
Mr Jennings flagged a suggestion that “one way the UK government could make up any tax shortfall arising from FOBT staking changes would be to increase taxes online.
“It may well be that the government feels that it has impacted the earnings of these operators enough and will try to source tax revenues from other parts of the gaming industry,” he added.
FOBTs have been described as the “crack cocaine” of gambling, with Culture Secretary Matt Hancock also thought to be supportive of the £2 figure. A final decision is thought to be weeks away.
John White, boss of Bacta, the trade association for the UK's amusement and gaming machine industry, said: “While the final decision is yet to be made, Mr Hammond's recognition of the vital need for £2 aligns the Treasury's view with that of the DCMS (department for digital, culture, media and sport), Bacta, the public, cross-party MPs, faith groups and countless other stakeholders.
“New analysis from the Centre for Economics and Business Research (CEBR) should also appease any further worries of the Treasury and the bookmakers.
“It demonstrates their rude health, with revenues and profits consistently on the rise, and major growth on other fronts beyond FOBTs.”
GVC Holdings also sank following its recent takeover of bookmaker Ladbrokes Coral.
Paddy Power Betfair's decline was more muted due to the company's lesser reliance on betting shops. – Additional reporting, Bloomberg and PA
High school students and their parents will have an opportunity to get the real story about college sports recruiting from a man who has gone through the process at a free event Monday evening at Casa Grande High School.
Former Stanford football star Julian Jenkins will prevent “College Sports Recruiting 101” at 7 p.m. in the Casa Grande multi-use room.
Jenkins will discuss how to qualify for scholarships to NCAA-member schools, explore the competitive marketplace of college athletic opportunities and explain types of scholarships available.
Jenkins will cover the most important parts of college athletic recruiting, including:
* When the recruiting process starts: NCAA eligibility and recruiting rules;
* How coaches evaluate prospective recruits;
* How to find schools that match your athletic and academic goals.
Student-athletes and their families in all sports and at all grade levels are invited.
Jenkins was a first team high school All-American; Stanford football's Most Valuable Player in 2006. He was drafted by the Tampa Bay Buccaneers in 2007.
No pre-registration is needed.
Deepika Singh Is Enjoying With Her Son!
In an interview to Spotboye, Diya Aur Baati Hum actress tells as to how amazing her life has become after her son's birth. She adds, "I am enjoying every bit of it with my son. I stay in a joint family, so I have help from many quarters. People are there with me, taking care of my baby. So I am quite relaxed. Let's put it this way: That I am relishing motherhood is an understatement."
Does Deepika Miss Shooting?
When asked whether she misses shooting, she said, "What I miss is my acting. I miss shooting as it was an essential part of my life. And that's why I am trying hard to get back to acting. I have just done some meetings. Let's see what God has in store for me."
Deepika Wants To Work!
Since she was active on social media, she feels she hadn't been away from her fans after Soham's (her son) birth. She adds, "Lekin kaam to karna hai, screen pe vapas aana hai."
Deepika Says…
When asked as to what kind of roles she is expecting, the actress adds, "I did not come to Mumbai with the intention to play the lead. God was grateful to me and I became Sandhya Raati of the successful show Diya Aur Baati Ham. So I still think in the same way. Whatever comes my way, I will take it, and I promise to do justice with it."
Deepika Wants To Work For Her Fans
The actress further adds that she would love to do an inspiring role. She wants to work for her fans and not for money, since her fans keep asking her as to when she will be back on small screen.
Deepika Wants To Do Daily Soap
Deepika says that acting is her hobby and she wants to live it. She doesn't want to do reality show, until the time it's a dance reality show as she loves dancing. But her personal favourite is daily soap.
‘Becoming A Mother Doesn't Stop You From Working'
She was quoted by Spotboye as saying, "I just want to tell these guys that becoming a mother doesn't stop you from working. There are thousands of women who come back from their maternity leaves in 6 months and resume work. So why can't we actors do that?"
Virat Kohli and Anushka Sharma broke the news of their wedding last night and since then the internet just can't seem to get enough of their marriage photos and videos.
The couple tied the knot in a hush-hush ceremony in Italy as per Hindu rituals. Meanwhile we came across a couple of videos from the wedding ceremony that has Virat giving us plenty of husband goals. Check them out here...
Ufff..These Two Virat is seen feeding Anushka as her hands are adorned with mehendi. Song Of Love The 'dulha' even crooned 'Mere Mehboob' for his lady love at their wedding party. Just see the joy on Anushka's face! All That Glitters Is Gold We have got our hands on a video where Anushka as a bride is seen heading towards the mandap. Pretty Woman We must saw Anushka made for a radiant bride in this Sabyasachi Mukherji pink outfit. Forever Together This picture is making us all emotional! Candid Capture Look, Virat has his eyes only on his 'dulhaniya'.
Meanwhile, we have compiled some unseen videos from 'Virushka' wedding. Have a look at them here...
Virat singing 'Mere Mehboob' for Anushka 😘😘 #VirushkaWedding #anushkasharma #viratkohli #virushka#anushkawedsvirat #anushkavirat A post shared by virushka (@virat.anushka_) on Dec 11, 2017 at 11:14pm PST
When Virat sang a love song for Anushka...
😘😘 #VirushkaWedding #anushkasharma #viratkohli #virushka #anushkawedsvirat #anushkavirat A post shared by Virushka Weeding 💑 (@virushkaafansclub) on Dec 11, 2017 at 11:19pm PST
Love makes you do such cute things.
The baraatis arrive with Virat.
The 'jaymala' ceremony.
[EXCLUSIVE] Vidaai Ceremony. 😍❤️ A post shared by Virat Kohli (@virat.kohli.insta) on Dec 11, 2017 at 6:59pm PST
The 'bidaai' ceremony will leave you teary-eyed..
The cutest thing you will see on the internet today!
Reportedly, the couple will be hosting a reception in New Delhi for their relatives on 21st December which will be followed by a reception for industry friends and cricketers in Mumbai on 26th December.
Post their wedding, the newly wed couple will be shifting to their new residence in Worli.
From gift cards to free food, discounts or maybe $100 cash?
During Taco Time's 12 Days of Christmas you just might win any of those things.
Each day, Starting Dec. 12th, 10 people will be randomly* selected at each of your local Taco Time locations to receive a Red Envelope.
You cannot open the envelope until after Jan. 1 and you must open the Red Envelope at Taco Time.
Inside the Red Envelope will be your prize.
You could win:
Free Small Combo
Free Crusto
Free Crisp Taco
Free Platter Meal
10% OFF
$20 Gift Card
$100 CASH!
The more times you visit Taco Time between Dec. 12th and 24th, the more chances you have to win!
*Recipients will be randomly selected by their receipt number.
CLOSED FOR THE HOLIDAY
Taco Time will be closed on Christmas Eve and Christmas Day so that our staff can spend that time with their families. We thank all our customers for their loyal support through all these years. Merry Christmas!
Paid Advertisement - This post was paid for by the business or individual represented above. We reserve the right to remove any comments. If you'd like to advertise your business in a future promotion similar to this, call our Advertising Team at 307-922-0700 or send us a message.
Tipperary 1-20 Waterford 1-11
Tipperary secured their first win of this season's Allianz League with an impressive second-half display where they outscored Waterford by 1-11 to 1-1 at Semple Stadium.
It was another disappointing display from Waterford as they fell to a second successive defeat, having lost their opening tie at home to Wexford.
Jason Forde led the way with 1-9 as Tipperary bounced back from their opening round loss to Clare.
Tipp blew Waterford away in the second half with Derek McGrath's men managing just 1-1 against the breeze.
Tipperary trailed by just a point at 0-10 to 0-9 at the break and then pulled away in the second half.
It took a superb save from Waterford goalkeeper Stephen O'Keeffe to deny Paudie Feehan just 17 seconds after the restart but Forde tied the sides for the fourth time from the resultant 65.
Waterford hit back with a quality goal when a good passing movement was finished to the net from a tight angle by Mark O'Brien.
That tied the game at 0-13 to 1-10 but Tipperary, aided by a dubious lineball in midfield, were awarded a penalty when Michael Breen was fouled by Ian Kenny.
Forde stepped forward to blast home the penalty and Waterford suffered another blow when Austin Gleeson limped off.
Tipperary pushed on to lead by 1-16 to 1-10 going into the final quarter when Seán Curran, Brendan Maher and Ronan Maher delivered good points.
They would have been out of sight had goalkeeper O'Keeffe not produced a wonderful save to deny Forde.
But Waterford lacked penetration at the other end to eat into the lead and Tipperary pushed for home and their first win of the campaign.
Ronan Maher landed a superb lineball from the right and Forde tapped over another free as they pulled away for a deserved win.
Tipperary continued to turn the screw and Ronan Maher split the posts with another fine effort from out the field.
Jamie Barron got Waterford's only point of the second half in stoppage time at the death as they added five wides after the restart.
But they now face a difficult task to regroup after two opening round defeats when they take on Kilkenny in two weeks.
TIPPERARY: P Maher; A Flynn, T Hamill, S O'Brien; J O'Dwyer, Pádraic Maher, P Feehan; R Maher (0-4, 0-1 lineball), B Maher (0-1); D McCormack, N McGrath (0-2, 0-1 lineball), S Curran (0-2); M Breen (0-1), J Forde (1-9, 1-0 pen, seven frees, one ‘65), J McGrath (0-1).
Subs: P Shanahan for McCormack (4 mins), J Barry for O'Dwyer (10), Patrick Maher for Shanahan (58), C Darcy for Curran (69).
WATERFORD: S O'Keeffe; S Fives, B Coughlan, I Kenny (0-1); M O'Brien (1-0), A Gleeson (0-1), K Bennett; S Roche, M Kearney (0-3); K Moran, C Dunford, B O'Halloran (0-1); S Bennett, DJ Foran (0-1), P Curran (0-3, three frees).
Subs: P Hogan for Roche (19 mins), S McNulty for Gleeson (51), J Barron (0-1) for O'Brien (55), P Mahony for Dunford (58), M Walsh for S Bennett (60).
Referee: C Lyons (Cork).
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Jordan Pickford helped England end their penalty shootout hoodoo and reach the World Cup quarter-finals at the expense of Colombia in Moscow.
After decades stewing on his Euro 96 semi-final miss against Germany, Gareth Southgate has spent recent months trying to improve their chances in Russia if it went all the way.
Things looked set to go pear-shaped when Jordan Henderson's penalty was saved, only for Mateus Uribe's spot-kick to rattle the bar and goalkeeper Pickford to deny Carlos Bacca.
Eric Dier kept his composure in the Spartak Stadium cauldron, propelling the Three Lions to a famous 4-3 shootout win after it ended 1-1 after 90 minutes and extra time.
Newcastle United legend Alan Shearer launched a foul-mouthed rant at Colombia after they were eliminated, the Mirror reports.
Sat alongside fellow commentator Jermaine Jenas at Media City in Salford after the ill-tempered game which saw six yellow cards given to opposition players, he launched a foul-mouthed rant at the South American side.
Take a look at what Shearer said in the video above.
Out of shot, host Gary Lineker can be heard laughing.
In the first half viewers were treated to a headbutt by Marcos Barrios (that only saw yellow), more yellow cards followed as well as the sight of a senior coach for the Colombian team shouldering Raheem Sterling as he left the pitch.
In the second half the Colombian team swarmed referee Mark Gieger when the official rightly gave a penalty to England and footage has since emerged of Johan Mojica kicking up the turf prior to Harry Kane's spot kick.
Shearer was certainly not the only viewer fuming at Colombia.
England will now play Sweden at 3pm on Saturday, July 7 as they bid to reach their first World Cup semi-final since Italia '90.
LANSING, Mich. (AP) — A government safety panel on Monday urged the temporary shutdown of twin oil pipelines in the Straits of Mackinac until their operator can finish inspections and repair coating gaps, after some members expressed concerns over a recent deal between the state and Enbridge Inc.
The Michigan Pipeline Safety Advisory Board approved the non-binding resolution as members of Gov. Rick Snyder's administration who sit on the panel abstained from voting. Other non-binding resolutions call for temporarily halting the flow of oil during storms that produce sustained waves at least 3 feet (0.9 meter) high for longer than an hour, instead of an 8-foot (2.4-meter) threshold included in the agreement, and recommend that a "more robust" study of alternatives to Line 5 be completed.
The agreement, announced Nov. 27, sets an Aug. 15 deadline for determining the future of the nearly 5-mile-long (8-kilometer) segment beneath the channel where Lakes Huron and Michigan converge. Options include shutting down the pipeline or routing it through a tunnel beneath the lakebed where it now rests.
Because five or six members of the 16-person board voted for the measures while many others abstained, there was confusion over whether they had passed. Co-chairwoman Valerie Brader, executive director of the Michigan Agency for Energy, said she expected the Republican governor's administration to consider the resolutions as advisory while also taking note of the number of abstentions.
Advertisement
Board member Jennifer McKay of the Tip of the Mitt Watershed Council said she hopes the governor gives the resolutions "due consideration" and seeks amendments to the deal. Although the federal government regulates oil pipelines, Michigan owns the lake bottom and in 1953 granted an easement to the Canadian company allowing the pipeline to go there.
"We know we have coating gaps. It's a violation of the easement and it only makes sense to shut down the pipeline until Enbridge can adequately address and fix the coating issues to ensure we don't have any type of rupture or leak," she said.
The line transports about 23 million gallons (87 million liters) daily between Superior, Wisconsin, and Sarnia, Ontario.
At least four board members expressed frustration that Snyder struck the agreement without their input, contending it short-circuited the public process and signals that tunneling the pipeline is ultimately the state's preference. State officials on the board, however, said the deal is an interim one and is not intended to "prejudge" the fate of the pipeline.
"Certainly apologies if there was any perceived disrespect," said Michigan Department of Natural Resources Director Keith Creagh. "As we heard about the entire length of the pipeline, there were some measures put into place ... to ensure that there was a higher standard essentially in the interim as this board contemplates the future of Line 5."
Some board members, including a state Public Service Commission member and a representative for Attorney General Bill Schuette, said they had not had a chance to adequately study the resolutions at the meeting and they should have been circulated earlier.
Enbridge spokesman Ryan Duffy said the company was evaluating the measures.
"We believe the Nov. 27 agreement between Enbridge and the State of Michigan benefits everyone who wants to protect communities and the environment around the Great Lakes," he said.
While not ruling out a permanent shutdown, the agreement includes a series of steps intended to boost the underwater pipes' safety. Enbridge agreed to evaluate three options by June for routing the underwater segment through a tunnel or trench, on or beneath the lakebed — either using the existing pipes or building a new one.
The company promised steps to prevent the lines from being damaged by a ship anchor, expedite monitoring of the pipelines with cameras or other devices, and speed up methods for detecting potential ruptures and responding to spills.
Additionally, Enbridge said it would replace another section of Line 5 beneath the St. Clair River where it crosses the U.S.-Canadian border with a new pipe inside a tunnel after receiving federal and state permits.
The company has repeatedly insisted the underwater segment installed is in good condition and has never leaked. However, state officials and environmental groups have expressed alarm over recent disclosures of gaps in its exterior layer of protective enamel coating and unsupported spaces beneath the pipes.
___
Follow David Eggert on Twitter at https://twitter.com/DavidEggert00 . His work can be found at https://apnews.com/search/David%20Eggert .
MONTEVIDEO, Uruguay (AP) — A prosecutor in Uruguay is asking for formal charges against a former vice president of the South American country.
Lawmakers accepted Raul Sendic's resignation last year amid corruption accusations involving his tenure as head of state oil company ANCAP. It was the first time a vice president had stepped down in Uruguay.
Prosecutor Luis Pacheco on Monday also requested charges against eight other senior officials at ANCAP and its subsidiaries. A judge must now decide if Sendic goes to trial.
The corruption allegations surfaced after a weekly publication reported that between 2010 and 2013, Sendic used corporate credit cards to make purchases at jewelry, electronics, furniture and other stores apparently unrelated to his official business.
Advertisement
He's also accused of abuse of office over some contracts.
Sendic has repeatedly denied wrongdoing.
Essential Kitchens is a Cape Town based boutique kitchen company, offering modular solutions for your kitchen, bathroom and bedroom. Due to their affordable pricing and quality craftsmanship, they are steadily becoming a leader in the installation of kitchens, bathrooms and bedroom cupboards.
Essential Kitchens strives to provide practical solutions to their clients, offering the best possible designs that keep pace with the recent trends in the industry. You have a wide array of designs to choose from, ranging from antique, modern to contemporary at competitive prices.
Areas of Operation
Located in the Milnerton area, they are operational in a variety of areas in Cape Town and its surrounding localities, including Table View, Parklands, West Beach, Blouberg, Melkbosstrand, Atlantic Beach Golf Estate, Killarney Gardens, Montague Gardens, Pinelands, Sunset Beach, Rondebosch, Camps Bay, Bantry Bay, Sea Point, Moulle Point , Green Point, Paarl, Tokai, Woodstock, Salt River, Gardens, Oranjezicht, Tamboerskloof, Durbanville, Parow, Stellenbosch, Pearl Valley Estate, Val De Vie Estate, Dune Ridge Estate, Waters Edge Estate, Edgemead, Bothasig, Plattekloof, Baronetcy Estate, and in some parts of the Western Cape.
Services
They specialise in design, manufacturing and installation of kitchens, bathrooms and bedroom cupboards that fulfil all your requirements.
• Kitchen
They offer excellent kitchen designs, kitchen renovations and kitchen installations. Their experience in the industry, coupled with the best quality products and workmanship enable you to design your dream kitchen. Their modular kitchen solutions include diverse designs —modern, contemporary, classic and antique. Conveniently enough, Essential Kitchens also provides 3D designs to their clients, offering a visual layout of your kitchen.
• Bedroom
Essential Kitchens specialises in bedroom cupboard designs, bedroom renovations and bedroom cupboard installations. Apart from designing and installing bedroom cupboards, they offer bathroom cupboards, kitchen cupboards and office desks and cupboards.
• Bathroom
Essential Kitchens provides expert bathroom cupboard designs, bathroom renovations and bathroom cupboard installations. You can choose from their wide selection of bathroom designs and cupboards for your home.
For more information regarding Essential Kitchens, visit their official website at: http://www.essentialkitchens.co.za/
About Essential Kitchens
Located in Cape Town, Essential Kitchens is a customised boutique company, offering expert solutions for your kitchen, bathroom and bedroom. You can choose from a wide selection – antique, modern to contemporary, at competitive prices.
A “limited number” of Westpac customers are still without access to online banking services following a major outage which began on Sunday morning.
Customers were left unable to view their account details in Westpac Live – the bank's online banking platform – leaving them exasperated and turning to social media to vent their frustration.
“We have had an issue with online banking whereby some customers were unable to view their account details in Westpac Live. While we have resolved the issue for many customers, we are aware that a limited number of people are still having issues logging in,” a spokesperson for the bank said in a statement today.
Cardless Cash, ATM, EFTPOS and telephone banking were working as normal throughout the outage.
In a social media statement on Sunday, Westpac told its 200,000 plus Facebook followers that it was “terribly sorry” for the incident, and was “working as quickly as we possibly can” to fix the issue.
On Monday evening another post from the bank acknowledged that a small number of customers were still having issues logging in, advising those impacted to either send direct messages or call for assistance.
A spokesperson for Westpac today told CIO Australia that the bank was “still investigating the cause of the outage”.
“We are continuing to work on access for those customers not yet able to log in, however encourage any customers who need urgent access to get in contact with us on 13 20 32 or visit a branch and we can help,” the spokesperson added. “We are sorry for any inconvenience this issue has caused.”
The outage comes just weeks after the bank took down Westpac Live and mobile banking services during the last weekend in May to “upgrade ready for new features”. It also follows a major IT systems glitch in February which affected online banking and branch systems for more than 24 hours, which was blamed on a range of “technical issues”.
In November last year, Westpac suffered a week-long systems failure, which impacted online and mobile banking platforms, leaving it unable to process payments or provide balance statements.
Read more: Aussie Microsoft customers hit by Office 365 outages
Join the CIO Australia group on LinkedIn. The group is open to CIOs, IT Directors, COOs, CTOs and senior IT managers.
By Charis Chang
From the outside North Korea looks like an impoverished state cut off from the rest of the world.
But during its weekend procession, the isolated regime managed to put on an impressive display of its rockets and military strength, in defiance of growing American warnings about its military capability.
While many have the impression of North Korean being a poor country that can't feed its own people, Leonid Petrov told news.com.au that it had large stockpiles of natural resources that it used to fund its weapons research.
"North Korea is a mountainous country that has huge natural resources including deposits of high quality coal, gold, silver, uranium, iron ore and rare earth metals," said Dr Petrov, a visiting fellow at the Australian National University College of Asia and the Pacific.
He said North Korea had exported its minerals to allies such as China and the Soviet Union for decades until the collapse of the communist bloc.
Since then it had been more proactive in international trade, although the tightening of sanctions has seen its export ability curtailed recently.
Dr Petrov said China in particular had maintained trade in North Korea and was keen to keep a monopoly on its rare earth metal trade.
"So China buys everything North Korea is prepared to offer (of its rare earth metals)," he said.
Continued below.
Related Content UK sent £4 milion in aid to North Korea and has no plans to stop North Korea threatens 'merciless military strikes' against US, as Mike Pence visits DMZ Kim Jong-un unveils menacing grenade launcher-wielding troops trained to defend him
These metals are important because they are used the production of many 21st century products like mobile phones, computers, LCD screens and cars.
Another way that North Korea earns its money is by exporting its workers to China, Russia, the Middle East, Eastern Europe and South East Asia.
In fact there were no visa requirements between North Korea and Malaysia until early this year, when tens of thousands of North Korean workers were deported following the assassination of North Korean president Kim Jong-un's older brother Kim Jong-nam.
"Tens of thousands of North Koreans are sent overseas to work in restaurants, construction sites, as vegetable growers and builders of monuments in places like Africa," Dr Petrov said.
"Dictatorships like big projects and North Korea can offer them labour to build big monuments, highways and airports."
Dr Petrov said the "lion's share" of the worker's wages went to the North Korean government.
North Korea also welcomes foreign investment. The Egyptians have invested in the country's telecommunications network, concrete factories and construction industries, while the Chinese are keen on fishery resources, the mining industry and have developed a network of supermarkets selling Chinese-made consumerables.
Previously North Korea also benefited from co-operation with South Korea, which invested hundreds of millions into the Mt Kumgang resort where South Koreans and foreign visitors could stay and go mountain climbing.
The Kaesong Industrial Park, which produced goods using South Korean know-how and North Korean labour, also gave it a financial boost until it was shut down last year following North Korea's fourth nuclear test.
Dr Petrov said until last year China was also providing North Korea with other resources it needed such as crude oil and petroleum at "friendly prices" or possibly even for free.
It's this type of trade that the Trump administration and the Australian government wants to block.
"They're keen to see China stifling North Korea to death and causing the economic collapse of North Korea's economy, which is unrealistic," Dr Petrov said.
He said China sacrificed more than 250,000 soldiers during the Korean War to support the North Korean government.
"It's wishful thinking that China would just turn the tap off and allow the North Korean regime to implode.
"China understands that this would cause chaos in North Korea, the absorption of North Korea into South Korea and the subsequent advance of American troops to the Chinese border.
"So China is not going to allow the economic collapse of North Korea."
Dr Petrov said China was more likely to demonstrate its anger through ceasing economic co-operation temporarily, such as when it suspended the importation of coal after the assassination of Kim Jong-nam. "It bites but is not deadly," he said.
But Dr Petrov said these types of actions were probably not going to be effective in curbing North Korea's ambitions as it could always turn to Russia to help.
"If China ceases economic co-operation, then Russia steps in and will continue doing the same," he said.
"North Korea knows that well and plays off Russia against China, allowing Moscow and Beijing to compete for concessions on North Korea's mining industry, fisheries and port facilities."
Russia is interested in North Korea because it sees it as a good market for Russian gas, oil and electricity.
Russia believes North Korea could also potentially open the corridor for the export of energy to South Korea.
It sees North Korea as part of a potential transport corridor stretching from South Korea to Europe, via Russia's Trans-Siberian Railway.
"Russia is not interested in the collapse of North Korea but the stability and co-operation with North Korea," Dr Petrov said.
Even other countries have had a hard time enforcing sanctions against North Korea.
A United Nations expert team released a report last month that found North Korea had managed to avoid sanctions by using Chinese front companies and other foreign entities.
Last year it managed to continue its export of banned minerals and also has access to international banking.
Part of the problem is how different countries interpret what is banned by the sanctions.
One example was highlighted after Austrian ski equipment was found at the luxury Masik ski resort in North Korea.
Austria later said it didn't think ski lifts were included in the European Union's definition of luxury goods prohibited from being sold to North Korea.
An Australian brand of ski clothing was even manufactured at the Taedonggang Clothing Factory in Pyongsong from 2014, but the company said it was not aware of the problem until after production had been completed and shipped to retail customers. It took two years for the company to sever its production line.
When asked how the conflict with North Korea could be resolved, Dr Petrov said: "Stop the war, end the conflict, reconcile and co-operate".
Dr Petrov believes that North Korea had a chance for survival if it could resume co-operation with South Korea, and this could happen if South Korea changed leadership at its May 9 presidential election.
He said co-operation did happen during the 10 years of the Sunshine policy that encouraged interaction and economic assistance between the two countries from 1998 to 2008, but the US actions were very important.
He said North Korea initially froze its nuclear program according to an agreement made when Bill Clinton was president but his successor George Bush scrapped this, which forced North Korea to resume its program.
- news.com.au
You have to imagine the sommelier was fairly run off his feet on the January night in Paris, in 1984, when the Ireland and France players met for their postmatch banquet. The contest had resulted in the usual French victory, but that didn't prevent the president of the French Rugby Federation at the time, Albert Ferrasse, from calling out Jean-Pierre Garuet, the uncompromising Lourdes prop, for his “imbecilic” action in getting himself sent off that afternoon.
The speeches went on, the wine flowed and then Jean-Pierre Rives, the France captain, stood up and grandly announced that Garuet was, in fact, “a loyal team-mate” and dedicated the victory to him, receiving a round of applause.
As it turned out that was Rives's final season for France: a ruined shoulder put paid to a rugby life in which he established himself as a hard-as-nails, bloody-minded openside flanker but also become a kind of living symbol for everything that was and is supposedly different about French rugby. Blond haired, ridiculously light even then for a backrow player, furious in the tackle and unashamedly wedded to the belief that rugby was more than merely a game – that it was both a brotherhood and a dream state – Rives was a one-off.
When he retired he didn't look twice at the conventional postrugby life of golf and moneyology, instead reinventing himself as a sculptor – he twists metal into beauty, much like on the field – and decamping to San Francisco, putting just enough kilometres between himself and his myth.
If I had not been born French, I would have been happy to represent Ireland. I like their empathy, their taste for all things larger than life. I have a real weakness for them
He rarely spoke about the game but did make himself available for one of the more unusual books of recent years, Richard Escot's Rugby & Art, in which he riffs on just about every subject known to man, including Ireland, the only other country he reckons he would have enjoyed playing for.
“If I had not been born French, I would have been happy to represent Ireland. I like the tragic, their empathy, their taste for all things larger than life. In fact, I have a real weakness for them. Their dramatic fighting spirit. More than fondness, I feel a certain kind of admiration. If I hadn't been born French, I would have been very happy to be Irish.”
Rives was an enforcer on the field and the scourge of opposition big men, but it was the three-quarters line that held his fascination: he never quite got over his deep-down wish to be a Jo Maso, a Gareth Edwards: “the attitude, the elegance, they are the really gifted players capable of doing anything. And intelligent.”
There is no disputing that a high point of the dismal winters of the 1980s – and perhaps of civilisation itself – was a lit fire on early kick-offs in Paris when Nigel Starmer-Smith or Bill McLaren became lost in admiration whenever the French backs – Sella, Charvet, Lagisquet, Lafond, Bonnevale, Blanco; always Blanco – took a notion to run the ball. Just to see what would happen. France rugby teams seemed helpless then against their own wild mood swings, moving between violence and beauty from moment to moment.
In Pat Collins's documentary on Frank O'Connor there's a terrific moment when the American writer Richard Ford is reading a line from an O'Connor story and then breaks away to look at the camera and marvel: “He was making it up as he went along.”
And that was France rugby in a nutshell: they seemed to be inventing it in the moment as they ghosted through the mortal, step-too-slow defences of England, Ireland, addled Wales and ultrapale Scotland. Not for them the dreary reliability of rehearsed moves run and rerun 1,000 times, until the coach was satisfied they worked, but a kind of blind instinct and trust that if they just passed and ran they would arrive at the other end of the field in a magical blur of elusiveness and unorthodox passing. It was imagination unfolding before the tens of thousands of fans, and it hasn't been bettered in the game for pure enjoyment.
Jean-Pierre Rives: after the France captain left rugby he reinvented himself as a sculptor, twisting metal into beauty, much like on the field. Photograph: Cameron Spencer/Getty
Even 30 years on from Rives's farewell season the idea persists of French rugby as separate, even if it feels like wishful thinking just now. Still this weekend is an odd and potentially treacherous assignment for an Ireland rugby team for whom the drum beats are resoundingly confident. They aren't so much expected to go into the Stade de France and boss this game as practically obliged to thereby set up a coup de theatre against England, in Dublin, on St Patrick's Day.
It's not hard to see how and why France have slowly become lost in the professional era. The cash-rich clubs call the shots; the domestic teams are flooded with imported stars; the structures for emerging talented players were neglected: the national team has become derailed and distracted.
Philippe Saint-André, one of the sprites of that thrilling era, and France head coach from 2012 to 2015, said recently that “our system killed a generation of players from 17 to 26.” When France shocked everyone by winning the bid to host the 2023 Rugby World Cup, they painted a bleak forecast for the international game to back their case. Claude Atcher argued that the French bid can give World Rugby the serious financial injection needed to prevent the game from dying out in a decade, as most unions are losing money. “If we don't do anything, in five to 10 years you will have two, three to four teams on the same level and that's all, and I think rugby will die.”
If it was a scare tactic it worked.
Rugby fans may look back at this time as one when players' welfare and health were terribly neglected, and when all joy and spontaneity were coached out of the game
Right now, this weekend, with a teenager playing number 10 for France, with its federation's president, Bernard Laporte, under police investigation, with just three wins out of 11 last year, with a new coach, with no Six Nations or grand-slam title since 2010, everything is pointing to French vulnerability.
These opportunities don't come very often. It is only a matter of time before the French get their act together and field international teams reflective of their potential. And, of course, they can't ever be as cavalier and freewheeling as the France teams of two and three decades ago. Every era believes it is the era of enlightenment. But, three decades from now, rugby fans may look back at this period as a time when players were criminally overworked and their welfare and health terribly neglected, and when all joy and spontaneity were coached out of the game.
Rugby is a business, a professional entertainment as well as a sport, and right now the rugby we see on the field is defined by the vision of the coaches rather than of those who play it. And it works: if Joe Schmidt's Ireland aren't exactly the most thrilling team to watch, they are rigorously and brilliantly organised – and they are pros. They are ranked third in the world.
Logic dictates that those qualities will prevail – and if France go out to just play the percentages in a normal, rehearsed game of rugby, then they probably will.
What will be interesting, though, is if the French can summon some of the wild chanciness and instinct and hauteur that used to make playing rugby in Paris such a terrifying prospect for visiting teams. And rugby had better hope that spirit is still in the French DNA. Because if that flame is gone from rugby, then what is left?
By Uche Ike
A lawmaker in Cross River State House of Assembly, Steven Ukpukpen, has slumped and died during an early morning workout, yesterday.
Ukpukpen, who represents Obudu Constituency in the state House of Assembly, was said to have slumped around 7a.m., along Moore Road in Calabar, while he was exercising.
The lawmaker was said to have been confirmed dead in a private hospital where he was taken to.
Cross River State governor, Senator Ben Ayade, described the news as shocking and devastating.
Ayade, in statement by his Chief Press Secretary, Christian Ita, said the sudden passing of Ukpukpen had left him in a state of shock and disbelief.
He said he was completely numbed and bewildered that the state had lost such a vibrant intellectual who, as a lawmaker, was deeply committed to the efforts of his administration to build enduring legacies and bequeath strong economy for the people.
Ayade decried that Ukpukpen died at a young age, especially when the state needed his skills and expertise in the art of lawmaking.
He commiserated with the lawmaker's immediate family, the State House of Assembly, the people of Obudu and the entire state over his death.
US president Donald Trump defied the advice of US intelligence agencies by authorising the release of a controversial memo alleging FBI bias in the Russia investigation, inflaming tensions between the White House and the FBI.
In an unprecedented move, the House Intelligence Committee released a four-page memo alleging that the FBI did not fully disclose to a court that some of the information it used to justify surveillance of former Trump aide Carter Page had been financed by Democrats.
The allegations have been seized by Mr Trump and his supporters as evidence of anti-Trump bias at the FBI.
The publication of the memo immediately raised questions about the future of deputy attorney general Rod Rosenstein after Mr Trump failed to express confidence in him. Asked yesterday if he had confidence in Mr Rosenstein – the man who appointed special counsel Robert Mueller – Mr Trump said, “You figure that one out.”
Read the full memo
The top Leadership and Investigators of the FBI and the Justice Department have politicized the sacred investigative process in favor of Democrats and against Republicans - something which would have been unthinkable just a short time ago. Rank & File are great people! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) February 2, 2018
Mr Rosenstein was named in the memo as one of several law enforcement officials who signed off on court applications seeking to extend FBI surveillance of Mr Page.
Political gain
The FBI and Democrats have reacted with fury to the publication of the memo, arguing that it is putting classified information in the public arena for the sake of political gain.
But Republicans cheered the release of the memo, claiming it is a civil liberties issue and not about discrediting the FBI.
The White House defended the publication, stating the memo raises “serious concerns about the integrity of decisions made at the highest levels of the department of justice and the FBI to use the government's most intrusive surveillance tools against American citizens”.
Confirming his decision to declassify the document, Mr Trump said it was a “disgrace what's going on in this country”.
“A lot of people should be ashamed of themselves,” he said.
Earlier in the day, he accused the FBI of being politicised. “Top Leadership and Investigators of the FBI and the Justice Department have politicised the sacred investigative process in favour of Democrats and against Republicans,” he said on Twitter.
The conflict between the US president and intelligence services takes place as an ongoing special investigation into possible ties between the Trump campaign team and Russia continues. Four individuals connected with the Trump campaign have already been charged as part of the probe.
PORTLAND, Maine (AP) — The second Zumwalt-class stealth destroyer has passed its sea test.
A statement from Naval Sea Systems Command says the future USS Michael Monsoor successfully completed its acceptance trials Thursday.
The Portland Press Herald reports the statement says onboard systems such as navigation, damage control, mechanical, combat, communication and propulsion met or exceeded specifications.
The 610-foot-long Monsoor headed out to sea for the first time in December. Its first sea trials were cut short because of equipment failures.
Advertisement
The Monsoor is the second built at Maine's Bath Iron Works in a class of three futuristic-looking ships that feature electric-drive propulsion, new radar and sonar, powerful guns and missiles and a stealthy shape.
The cost of the three Zumwalt-class destroyers is estimated at $22 billion, the most expensive Navy destroyers ever built.
___
Information from: Portland Press Herald, http://www.pressherald.com
Get Birmingham City FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Steve Cotterill revealed Jonathan Grounds damaged knee ligaments in today's victory over Sheffield Wednesday.
The Birmingham City defender was carried off after half an hour of Blues' 3-1 win, a result that lifted them four points clear of the relegation zone.
And while the overwhelming mood was one of positivity as Blues left Hillsborough with their first win at the venue in more than 11 years, there was also concern over Grounds' situation.
Cotterill regretted the injury to one his ‘star-performers'.
“I don't know at the moment. I don't think he's OK right now, put it that way,” the Blues boss said.
“He wouldn't go off. He said it feels a bit better now than it actually did when he was out on the pitch.
“At best we are hoping it's a bit of a jarring for him.
“At worst, I don't quite know what that will be. It's his medial ligament, but they can be as problematic as cruciate ligaments.
“It's part and parcel of the game, unfortunately he has been one of our star-performers this season. Certainly under me he has.”
Blues produced a superb first half showing and made the Owls pay for imploding.
David Davis put them ahead in the eighth minute, before Jota forced an error from the home goalkeeper and added his second just before half time.
Wednesday had Marco Matias sent off before the break and Daniel Pudil after it - allowing Blues to see out the game.
“We knew today they were going to be a tough nut to crack because they have just had four clean sheets on the belt,” Cotterill said.
“I thought we worked hard for our goals today and they deservedly came.
“I know we got one through a little bit of fortune, where it's a real wet day and it's slipped through the goalkeeper's hands.
“But we've had those things happen to us so we are not going to make any apologies for any soft goals or any of the sendings off because it's all happened in the four months I have been here.
“We are just pleased with the three points, quietly, humbly we get back on the bus, go back home and get on the training ground tomorrow morning.”
Match report
Club record signing Jota scored the first two goals of his Birmingham City career to lift Blues further away from trouble.
The £6m man grabbed a lucky long ranger in the 21st minute, then tapped in for another just before half time.
By then Blues had taken control through an early David Davis poacher's effort.
Manager Steve Cotterill was forced into making one change, with Jota coming in for the injured Jacques Maghoma.
And however unsettled Blues felt by that, it didn't show as the hosts gave them a huge helping hand.
There seemed no danger when Maxime Colin's eighth minute cross looked to be rolling through to Joe Wildsmith until Frederico Venancio chested the ball back to his own goal.
That allowed Davis to nip in on to blindside and poke into the unguarded net for his second in as many games.
Read More Things you will only get if you support... VILLA
BLUES
ALBION
WOLVES
Wildsmith was at fault for the second after Sam Gallagher won the ball back high up the pitch and fed Jota.
The former Brentford man fired a weak shot from 27-28 yards which was straight at Wildsmith.
But it confounded the goalkeeper who let it slip through his grasp and into the net.
Worryingly Blues had Jonathan Grounds carried off soon after, but Wednesday were reduced to ten men after that when Marco Matias appeared to dip his head at Cohen Bramall.
Blues hammered home their dominance in the fifth minute of first half added time when Wildsmith palmed Davis' cross-shot into Jota's path.
But the Owls ensured it wasn't too comfortable a second half as Lucas Joao hammered in after 54 minutes.
However, any hopes of mounting a sensational comeback were ended in the 72nd minute when the home team was reduced to nine after Daniel Pudil was booked for a second time for taking out Colin.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Aston Villa FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Missing out on a return to the Premier League has had serious consequences for Aston Villa.
Jack Grealish - the star performer - is on his way out with Tottenham leading the chase.
And to think, the transfer window hasn't even kicked into gear yet.
How will Villa fans feel when they see last season's loan players also moving on?
Had Villa won promotion, they would have made a serious effort to sign the star performers from last term.
And Grealish would have stayed at the club. 100 per-cent.
But now there's a sad day ahead when Grealish moves on. And unfortunately there's no chance of any permanent deals for last season's loan men.
This is the current situation with each player.
Sam Johnstone
Jphnstone has already signed for West Brom and the backlash was brutal.
The stopper was superb for Villa last season and his departure will leave a big gap that needs filling.
He's a class act at this level.
Robert Snodgrass
Provided so many special moments last season and quickly connected with the fans.
Like Johnstone, Snodgrass wanted to stay and was desperate to win promotion with Villa.
Now he has top-flight clubs, including Cardiff City, showing an interest, but will return to West Ham if a move isn't sorted.
Here's the latest on the winger
Lewis Grabban
Struggled in the play-off games but still had an exceptional season, scoring 20 goals in the Championship for Sunderland and Villa.
Grabban is currently weighing up his options ahead of a return to Bournemouth for pre-season training.
Leeds United and Nottingham Forest have shown an interest and he has one-year left on his contract.
Villa could even consider another approach although that has not been forthcoming just yet.
Here's the latest on the striker
Josh Onomah
Played only a bit-part role for Villa towards the end of last tern.
But the Spurs youngster still racked up 37 appearances in total.
Boss Steve Bruce reckons another loan spell is unlikely as Tottenham mulls over what to do next with the youngster.
This is what he said after leaving Villa
Axel Tuanzebe
The one loanee who is a Villa could re-sign next season.
Tuanzebe was thwarted by injury and only made a handful of appearances.
Bruce would like to bring him back.
Here's the latest on the defender
Jack Grealish
Villa have yet to receive any formal bids for prized asset Grealish, BirminghamLive understands.
His future has been the subject of intense speculation since Villa failed to win promotion to the Premier League.
But there have been no concrete offersso far this summer.
Tony Xia wants to sell Grealish to the highest bidder as Villa wrestle with severe financial worries.
Tottenham Hotspur, traditionally tough negotiators under Daniel Levy, are preparing to swoop, while this week has brought speculation that Liverpool are interested in the Bodymoor Heath academy graduate.
Newcastle United and Fulham are also keen and Leicester City registered an interest before they signed James Maddison from Norwich.
Grealish, who has been training hard during his summer break, hasn't revealed where he sees himself ending up, and much depends upon which club is willing to stump up the cash.
The playmaker is still pained to leave Villa after the devastating play-off final defeat, but has not had any contact from the Villa board about his future.
Xia recognises that Grealish is the club's prized asset and can fetch around £25million which would go some way to easing the money problems at the club.
So a sale is likely and with teams due back for pre-season training in early July, there could some movement in the weeks ahead.
Like many of Villa's other players, Grealish has left his future in the hands of his representatives.
Spurs are currently leading the chase as boss Mauricio Pochettino is a big fan of the Villa ace, but chairman Daniel Levy doesn't want to pay any more than £20million.
A formal offer in the next few days could test Xia's resolve, though.
The Chinese owner is desperately seeking outside investment to help ease the cash-flow crisis at the club.
He has exhausted his loan options and has a stack of bills to pay off in the next week so funds are needed as a matter of urgency.
FIXTURE LIST
Aston Villa will kick off the 2018/19 campaign away at Hull City on Monday August 6 (7.45pm).
The match has been selected for live screening and will be the final encounter of the opening round of fixtures in the Championship.
Villa then entertain Wigan Athletic on August 11 in their first home game of the season before travelling to Ipswich Town on August 18.
To find out the rest of the Championship fixtures follow the Mirror's coverage here
Villa takes on Blues at home on November 24 before travelling to St Andrew's on March 9.
The games with West Brom take place on December 8 (away) and February 2 (home) and the final fixture of the season is against Norwich at home on May 5.
Here are the fixtures in full:
MORE VILLA NEWS
Aston Villa will continue to produce a matchday programme next season - despite it no longer being compulsory.
The English Football League (EFL) have relaxed their rules about programmes.
At the EFL AGM it was decided that clubs did not have to produce programmes if they no longer wished to.
But Villa have confirmed they will carry on selling the News & Record in the 2018/19 Championship campaign.
On the club's official website, Villa stated: "English Football League teams no longer are obliged to print matchday programmes for every game after a vote at the league's AGM.
"They had been mandatory as a result of partnership/sponsorship agreements held by the EFL.
"However, the News & Record – which has been in existence since 1906 – will continue its rich tradition, which has seen it pick up a host of awards through the years.
"It has won 'Programme of the Year' eight times - 1971, 1972, 1973, 1977, 1978, 1990, 1992 and 2005."
Get Aston Villa FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Aston Villa go into the 2018/2019 Championship season in somewhat of a state of turmoil.
The consequences of that defeat to Fulham have since been laid bare with the club now in the midst of a financial crisis.
New details of that turmoil off the pitch continue to emerge with each passing week, it seems - but soon the focus will be back on what happens on the pitch, with pre-season beginning in the not too distant future.
Here's the latest betting on Villa's Championship prospects - starting with their chances of winning the division.
Winner (selected, SkyBet)
Stoke 6/1
West Brom 8/1
Leeds 10/1
Middlesbrough 10/1
Swansea 10/1
Aston Villa 14/1
Brentford 14/1
Nottingham Forest 14/1
Derby 16/1
Norwich 22/1
Sheffield Wednesday 22/1
Bristol City 25/1
Sheffield Utd 25/1
Wigan 25/1
Birmingham 28/1
Preston 28/1
Promoted (selected)
Stoke 9/4
West Brom 3/1
Middlesbrough 7/2
Swansea 7/2
Leeds 4/1
Brentford 5/1
Nottingham Forest 5/1
Aston Villa 5/1
Derby 11/2
Bristol City 15/2
Norwich 15/2
Sheffield Wednesday 15/2
Wigan 15/2
Birmingham 8/1
Preston 8/1
Sheffield Utd 8/1
Relegated (selected)
Rotherham 11/8
Bolton 7/4
Ipswich 11/4
QPR 4/1
Hull 9/2
Millwall 9/2
Reading 9/2
Blackburn 11/2
Aston Villa 6/1
Wigan 13/2
Birmingham 7/1
Bristol City 8/1
Sheffield Wednesday 8/1
Why Dr?
The owner and chairman of Aston Villa might be known as Xia Jiantong in China, but he is Dr Tony in Aston.
But does that mean he will come running if you are choking on your balti pie?
Well, no.
Dr Tony is a doctor because he has a PHD, rather than for any medical reason.
He revealed to Villa fans after taking over the club that his qualification was in design in urban planning.
Xia attended the prestigious Harvard University in the US and Oxford University in England prior to racking up his multi-million pound fortune.
Before then, he reportedly started school two years early, at the age of four, with his parents telling the school he was six.
At the age of 14, he left home to attend university in China and was one of a select few sent abroad to study.
Dr Tony, who is thought to have spent £70 million to buy Villa, owns Chinese conglomerate the Recon Group, as well as other companies thought to jointly employ more than 35,000 people in 75 countries.
'It's worse than Randy Lerner' - angry Aston Villa fans react to Steve Round departure
He is thought to have a net worth in the area of £1 billion.
He has invested widely from tourism, finance and logistics to IT, health, agriculture, transport and design. One of his companies – Teamex – was sold in a £430 million deal.
Dr lives in Beijing and is married to wife, Sally, with one one child.
He says he became an Aston Villa fan after watching them during his studies at Oxford.
MORE VILLA NEWS
What's Steve Round's sacking means for Steve Bruce
Steve Round was today sacked as technical director at Aston Villa by owner Tony Xia, writes Gregg Evans.
The club chairman decided to give Round the boot as preparations for next season begin.
Round was told this morning at Bodymoor Heath and it came as a shock, according to sources.
With CEO Keith Wyness leaving last month - and still no replacement lined up - Villa are now desperately short on senior figures with football experience.
The position of boss Steve Bruce is uncertain, too.
He will take the group out to Portugal tomorrow for a warm-weather training camp following their return to pre-season training yesterday.
It's understood that he will now adopt an old-school approach to transfers, targeting his own men, rather than liaising with Round, or any other sporting director for that matter.
Of course this is nothing new to him. He worked this way at his former clubs and will have no problems returning to that way, should he stay at Villa.
poll loading Are Aston Villa right to get rid of Steve Round? 500+ VOTES SO FAR Yes No
Bruce and Round got on well and enjoyed a good working relationship. There were never any signs that the manager struggled working under his first ever technical director, either.
The boss also had a certain amount of freedom to track the players he felt were right for the team, rather than just taking advice from the recruitment team.
Xia, meanwhile, has no plans to replace Round and will therefore leave the position vacant.
Outside investment could change the outlook depending on what the potential new board members want for the future.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
The scouting department still remains staffed so Bruce will have trusted experts to turn to in the times ahead.
Club secretary Sharon Barnhurst will also provide support with incomings and outgoings over the summer.
But Villa need to sell before they can buy and will only be looking for freebies and loan signings in the weeks ahead.
The market research highlights fundamental frameworks on Global Angelica Root Oil Market gives the exhaustive affiliation between past and current market trends to predict future market values and tendencies of the market. The report is a well-defined and in-depth research of market along with the market status, growth rate, and trends. The market report comprises historical, current, and projected revenues for each sector, segment, end-user segment, and region. The key manufactures/business entities covered in the report Albert Vieille, Berje, Elixens, Ernesto Ventos, Fleurchem, H.Interdonati, INDUKERN INTERNACIONAL, Penta Manufacturing Company, Robertet Group, Ultra international, Treatt Plc, PerfumersWorld, Ungerer & Company.
The report begins with introducing the global Angelica Root Oil market and segmentation analysis such as depend on the most significant dynamics containing drivers of the market, constraints, risks, opportunities, current trending factors, PEST and PROTER'S Five Forces survey, applications, topographical region markets, and competitive landscape. Macroeconomic and microeconomic features that currently overcome and also those that are witnessed to appear are involved in Angelica Root Oil report. The research analysts working on the report have strongly analyzed expected changes in policy, industry news and expansions, and opportunities and trends – this information can be utilized by companies to extend their market existence.
Request for Sample Report @ https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-angelica-root-oil-market/5911/#requestforsample
The report is actually made up of a combination of the important and the pertinent info of the worldwide market, for instance, key things responsible for the variation of demand with its services and products. The report states pioneering new developments and technological advancement, which empower our customers to structure they are long-term primarily based on innovative developments; settle on informative businesses options and also to perform the necessary fundamentals. The report provides the main region, market conditions with the product price, profit, capacity, production, supply, demand, and market growth rate and forecast etc. This report also Present new project SWOT analysis, investment feasibility analysis, and investment return analysis.
Geographically, this report is portioned into a few key Regions, with generation, utilization, income (million USD), piece of the pie and development rate in these areas, from 2018 to 2025 (gauge), covering United States, China, Europe, Japan, Southeast Asia, India and Rest of World.
Angelica Root Oil Market Analysis by Product Type Segmentation: Therapeutic Grade, Others.
Angelica Root Oil Market Analysis by Application Segmentation: Medical, Spa & Relaxation, Others.
Key points in the Angelica Root Oil Market Report:
1) To gain insightful analyses of the Market and have a comprehensive understanding of the global market and its commercial landscape
2) Assess the production processes, major issues, and solutions.
3) Market strategies that are being adopted by leading respective organizations
4) The report gives specific analysis for rapidly changing dynamics of Industry.
5) To understand the future outlook and prospects for the market with Marketing & Price (Price and Margin, Factors of Price Change, Manufacturers Gross Margin Analysis).
Inquiry for Buying Report @ https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-angelica-root-oil-market/5911/#inquiry
From all of this Angelica Root Oil market information, the report serves guidance and strategies to the following Angelica Root Oil market players: New players, stakeholders, marketing unit, administrative authorities and Angelica Root Oil distributors/manufacturers. The market research analysis has been structured using vital data from industry expertize. Further, the comprehensive primary and secondary research information with which the report has been prepared helps provide the key statistic forecasts data, in both terms revenue and volume. In addition to this, the analysis of the latest trends and current revenue of the region-wise market in comparison to the market has been included in this report. This will provide a clear view of the readers that how the market will progress globally over the forecast period 2018-2023.
About Us
Index Markets Research conduct market research and publish reports. You can find more than 35,000 research reports in our web store, which covers global industry and the regional markets. All the worldwide marketing data you need is at your fingertips.
Contact Us
Mark Irwin
Sales Manager
Email Id: sales@indexmarketsresearch.com
Phone: +1 202 888 3519
Web: https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/
The recently published report titled United States Soldering Station Industry 2018 Market Research Report is an in depth study providing complete analysis of the industry for the period 2018 – 2025. It provides complete overview of United States Soldering Station considering all the major industry trends, market dynamics and competitive scenario.
The United States Soldering Station Industry Report 2018 is an in depth study analyzing the current state of the United States Soldering Station. It provides brief overview of the market focusing on definitions, market segmentation, end-use applications and industry chain analysis. The study on United States Soldering Station provides analysis of China market covering the industry trends, recent developments in the market and competitive landscape. Competitive analysis includes competitive information of leading players in China market, their company profiles, product portfolio, capacity, production, and company financials. In addition, report also provides upstream raw material analysis and downstream demand analysis along with the key development trends and sales channel analysis. Research study on United States Soldering Station also discusses the opportunity areas for investors.
The report provides key statistics on the state of the industry and is a valuable source of guidance and direction for companies and individuals interested in the market.
Click Here To Get Request Sample: http://globalqyresearch.com/download-sample/345755
Reasons to Buy this Report
The research report will enrich your decision-making capability by helping you to –
Design and improve your product development and sales strategies and enhancing your marketing activities
Develop business strategies by understanding the market dynamics and developments driving the United States Soldering Station
Develop market-entry strategies and effective ways to sustain competition
Create merger and acquisition opportunities by identifying the market players with the most innovative pipelines
Identify the regional market potential which would further help in designing regional market strategies
Understand the competitive scenario in the United States Soldering Station
Take more informed business decisions by relying on the insightful opinions from industry experts
Why Global QY Research ?
Technically acclaimed Analysts with complete industry knowhow
Robust research methodology followed by our publishers to arrive at market estimates
Focus on technology trends
Extensive repository of market research reports meeting our client's needs
Based on extensive research, we provide clear view of real market scenario and help clients with making informed business decisions
Ask Query Here:Jay@globalqyresearch.com or Sales@globalqyresearch.com
Table of Contents
United States Soldering Station Market Report 2018
1 Soldering Station Overview
1.1 Product Overview and Scope of Soldering Station
1.2 Classification of Soldering Station by Product Category
1.2.1 United States Soldering Station Market Size (Sales Volume) Comparison by Type (2012-2022)
1.2.2 United States Soldering Station Market Size (Sales Volume) Market Share by Type (Product Category) in 2016
1.2.3 ESD Soldering Station
1.2.4 Others
1.3 United States Soldering Station Market by Application/End Users
1.3.1 United States Soldering Station Market Size (Consumption) and Market Share Comparison by Application (2012-2022)
1.3.2 PCB
1.3.3 Cellphone
1.3.4 Others
1.4 United States Soldering Station Market by Region
1.4.1 United States Soldering Station Market Size (Value) Comparison by Region (2012-2022)
1.4.2 The West Soldering Station Status and Prospect (2012-2022)
1.4.3 Southwest Soldering Station Status and Prospect (2012-2022)
1.4.4 The Middle Atlantic Soldering Station Status and Prospect (2012-2022)
1.4.5 New England Soldering Station Status and Prospect (2012-2022)
1.4.6 The South Soldering Station Status and Prospect (2012-2022)
1.4.7 The Midwest Soldering Station Status and Prospect (2012-2022)
1.5 United States Market Size (Value and Volume) of Soldering Station (2012-2022)
1.5.1 United States Soldering Station Sales and Growth Rate (2012-2022)
1.5.2 United States Soldering Station Revenue and Growth Rate (2012-2022)
2 United States Soldering Station Market Competition by Players/Suppliers
2.1 United States Soldering Station Sales and Market Share of Key Players/Suppliers (2012-2017)
2.2 United States Soldering Station Revenue and Share by Players/Suppliers (2012-2017)
2.3 United States Soldering Station Average Price by Players/Suppliers (2012-2017)
2.4 United States Soldering Station Market Competitive Situation and Trends
2.4.1 United States Soldering Station Market Concentration Rate
2.4.2 United States Soldering Station Market Share of Top 3 and Top 5 Players/Suppliers
2.4.3 Mergers & Acquisitions, Expansion in United States Market
2.5 United States Players/Suppliers Soldering Station Manufacturing Base Distribution, Sales Area, Product Type
3 United States Soldering Station Sales (Volume) and Revenue (Value) by Region (2012-2017)
3.1 United States Soldering Station Sales and Market Share by Region (2012-2017)
3.2 United States Soldering Station Revenue and Market Share by Region (2012-2017)
3.3 United States Soldering Station Price by Region (2012-2017)
4 United States Soldering Station Sales (Volume) and Revenue (Value) by Type (Product Category) (2012-2017)
4.1 United States Soldering Station Sales and Market Share by Type (Product Category) (2012-2017)
4.2 United States Soldering Station Revenue and Market Share by Type (2012-2017)
4.3 United States Soldering Station Price by Type (2012-2017)
4.4 United States Soldering Station Sales Growth Rate by Type (2012-2017)
5 United States Soldering Station Sales (Volume) by Application (2012-2017)
5.1 United States Soldering Station Sales and Market Share by Application (2012-2017)
5.2 United States Soldering Station Sales Growth Rate by Application (2012-2017)
5.3 Market Drivers and Opportunities
6 United States Soldering Station Players/Suppliers Profiles and Sales Data
6.1 Weller
6.1.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base and Competitors
6.1.2 Soldering Station Product Category, Application and Specification
6.1.2.1 Product A
6.1.2.2 Product B
6.1.3 Weller Soldering Station Sales, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017)
6.1.4 Main Business/Business Overview
6.2 Kendal
6.2.2 Soldering Station Product Category, Application and Specification
6.2.2.1 Product A
6.2.2.2 Product B
6.2.3 Kendal Soldering Station Sales, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017)
6.2.4 Main Business/Business Overview
6.3 Aoyue
6.3.2 Soldering Station Product Category, Application and Specification
6.3.2.1 Product A
6.3.2.2 Product B
6.3.3 Aoyue Soldering Station Sales, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017)
6.3.4 Main Business/Business Overview
6.4 X-Tronic
6.4.2 Soldering Station Product Category, Application and Specification
6.4.2.1 Product A
6.4.2.2 Product B
6.4.3 X-Tronic Soldering Station Sales, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017)
6.4.4 Main Business/Business Overview
6.5 Hakko
6.5.2 Soldering Station Product Category, Application and Specification
6.5.2.1 Product A
6.5.2.2 Product B
6.5.3 Hakko Soldering Station Sales, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017)
6.5.4 Main Business/Business Overview
6.6 Sealody
6.6.2 Soldering Station Product Category, Application and Specification
6.6.2.1 Product A
6.6.2.2 Product B
6.6.3 Sealody Soldering Station Sales, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017)
6.6.4 Main Business/Business Overview
6.7 Vastar
6.7.2 Soldering Station Product Category, Application and Specification
6.7.2.1 Product A
6.7.2.2 Product B
6.7.3 Vastar Soldering Station Sales, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017)
6.7.4 Main Business/Business Overview
6.8 Tabigar
6.8.2 Soldering Station Product Category, Application and Specification
6.8.2.1 Product A
6.8.2.2 Product B
6.8.3 Tabigar Soldering Station Sales, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017)
6.8.4 Main Business/Business Overview
6.9 Stahl Tools
6.9.2 Soldering Station Product Category, Application and Specification
6.9.2.1 Product A
6.9.2.2 Product B
6.9.3 Stahl Tools Soldering Station Sales, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017)
6.9.4 Main Business/Business Overview
6.10 Zeny
6.10.2 Soldering Station Product Category, Application and Specification
6.10.2.1 Product A
6.10.2.2 Product B
6.10.3 Zeny Soldering Station Sales, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017)
6.10.4 Main Business/Business Overview
7 Soldering Station Manufacturing Cost Analysis
7.1 Soldering Station Key Raw Materials Analysis
7.1.1 Key Raw Materials
7.1.2 Price Trend of Key Raw Materials
7.1.3 Key Suppliers of Raw Materials
7.1.4 Market Concentration Rate of Raw Materials
7.2 Proportion of Manufacturing Cost Structure
7.2.1 Raw Materials
7.2.2 Labor Cost
7.2.3 Manufacturing Expenses
7.3 Manufacturing Process Analysis of Soldering Station
8 Industrial Chain, Sourcing Strategy and Downstream Buyers
8.1 Soldering Station Industrial Chain Analysis
8.2 Upstream Raw Materials Sourcing
8.3 Raw Materials Sources of Soldering Station Major Manufacturers in 2016
8.4 Downstream Buyers
9 Marketing Strategy Analysis, Distributors/Traders
9.1 Marketing Channel
9.1.1 Direct Marketing
9.1.2 Indirect Marketing
9.1.3 Marketing Channel Development Trend
9.2 Market Positioning
9.2.1 Pricing Strategy
9.2.2 Brand Strategy
9.2.3 Target Client
9.3 Distributors/Traders List
10 Market Effect Factors Analysis
10.1 Technology Progress/Risk
10.1.1 Substitutes Threat
10.1.2 Technology Progress in Related Industry
10.2 Consumer Needs/Customer Preference Change
10.3 Economic/Political Environmental Change
11 United States Soldering Station Market Size (Value and Volume) Forecast (2017-2022)
11.1 United States Soldering Station Sales Volume, Revenue Forecast (2017-2022)
11.2 United States Soldering Station Sales Volume Forecast by Type (2017-2022)
11.3 United States Soldering Station Sales Volume Forecast by Application (2017-2022)
11.4 United States Soldering Station Sales Volume Forecast by Region (2017-2022)
12 Research Findings and Conclusion
13 Appendices
13.1 Methodology/Research Approach
13.1.1 Research Programs/Design
13.1.2 Market Size Estimation
13.1.3 Market Breakdown and Data Triangulation
13.2 Data Source
13.2.1 Secondary Sources
13.2.2 Primary Sources
13.3 Disclaimer
To Purchase this Premium Report: http://globalqyresearch.com/checkout-form/0/345755
About Us:
Global QYResearch is the one spot destination for all your research needs. Global QYResearch holds the repository of quality research reports from numerous publishers across the globe. Our inventory of research reports caters to various industry verticals including Healthcare, Information and Communication Technology (ICT), Technology and Media, Chemicals, Materials, Energy, Heavy Industry, etc. With the complete information about the publishers and the industries they cater to for developing market research reports, we help our clients in making purchase decision by understanding their requirements and suggesting the best possible collection matching their needs.
Contact Us:
Unit1, 26 Cleveland Road, South Woodford, London, E182AN, United Kingdom
Contact: +44 20 3239 2407
Evidence Burmese police say they obtained from the mobile phones of two Reuters reporters accused of possessing secret documents might be “tainted,” a defence lawyer said on Tuesday, because at least one phone was used after it was confiscated.
A WhatsApp message was sent from the mobile phone of journalist Wa Lone after he and Reuters colleague Kyaw Soe Oo were arrested on Dec. 12 and held incommunicado on suspicion of violating the Official Secrets Act, the defence told the court.
Prosecution witness Police Major Aung Kyaw San, who said he and other police had examined the phones, told the court he was not aware of the exchange on WhatsApp and did not know who else used the phones before their delivery to investigators on Dec. 14.
In what has become a landmark press freedom case, the court in Yangon has been holding hearings since January to decide whether Wa Lone, 32, and Kyaw Soe Oo, 28, will be charged under the colonial-era Official Secrets Act, which carries a maximum penalty of 14 years in prison.
Defence lawyer Than Zaw Aung said the one-word text message — “OK” — was sent via WhatsApp in reply to a question from Reuters' bureau chief in Burma at about 10 p.m., after Wa Lone's phone was taken from him by police shortly after the two reporters were arrested around 9:10 p.m.
“That means anyone could have access to the phones, so anything could happen to the phones,” a second defence lawyer, Khin Maung Zaw, told Reuters after Tuesday's proceedings. “All those messages they said were found in the phones may not be genuine or the phones may be tainted.”
Lead prosecutor Kyaw Min Aung declined to comment.
Burmese government spokesman Zaw Htay was not immediately available for comment. Previously, he has declined to discuss details of the proceedings or the police investigation, saying Burma's courts were independent and the case would be conducted according to the law.
Judge Ye Lwin last week accepted as evidence printed copies of documents that Major Aung Kyaw San, a police IT expert, said were found on the reporters' phones. The documents included alleged confidential government letters and plans for the development of an island off Burma's west coast for tourism.
Some of the documents came from the Facebook Messenger app, the defence has said. Defence lawyers say this means the documents could have been sent by anyone and it was not clear the reporters themselves had even looked at them.
At the time of their arrest, the reporters had been working on an investigation into the killing of 10 Rohingya Muslim men and boys in a village in western Burma's Rakhine State.
The killings took place during a military crackdown that United Nations agencies say sent nearly 700,000 people fleeing to Bangladesh.
The reporters have told relatives they were arrested almost immediately after being handed some rolled up papers at a restaurant in northern Yangon by two policemen they had not met before, having been invited to meet the officers for dinner.
Last month, Police Captain Moe Yan Naing, who Burma's Information Ministry said was arrested at the same time as the journalists in connection with the case, testified that a senior officer had ordered his subordinates to plant secret documents on Wa Lone to “trap” the reporter.
At a news conference on May 15, Police Director General Aung Win Oo dismissed the testimony as untruthful.
After his court appearance, Moe Yan Naing was sentenced to a year in jail for violating police discipline and his family was evicted from police housing. Police have said the eviction and his sentencing were not related to his testimony.
Global advocates for press freedom, human rights activists, as well the United Nations and several Western countries, have called for the release of the Reuters journalists.
On Tuesday, diplomats from Denmark and the European Union — as well as others — observed the proceedings.
The next hearing in the case is scheduled for Monday.
About this time each year we set out to see how much RAM is required to play the latest and greatest PC games. Last time we concluded that 8GB should be the minimum standard, while 16GB was desirable but not truly needed for general usage or gaming. Now a year later, we suspect this is still true, but we have seen a few games sneaking past 8GB of allocated memory so it's worth looking into again.
Something that stings a little is this comment from last year's article: "...system memory has hit new lows in 2016 which makes it very accessible even in budget builds." That's no longer the case, of course, so we suspect those of you with 8GB of memory will just make do until later next year when prices hopefully come down.
On the last go around we looked at a number of applications and found memory usage varies massively, so what you're doing with your PC will ultimately decide just how much memory you need. For basic office type work, 8GB should be more than enough. For content creation, the more the merrier -- 16 GB for example is the bare minimum when working with 4K footage in Premiere Pro.
It's hard to determine the impact that RAM capacity has on gaming because of all the factors at play. Before we get into the results, we'd just like to discuss a few challenges we faced when testing system memory capacity.
The graphics card you use can influence how much memory you'll need for smooth gameplay, the speed of your storage can also impact performance.
The first and possibly the biggest challenge is picking the right hardware to test RAM capacity. The graphics card you use can influence how much memory you'll need for smooth gameplay, the speed of your storage can also impact performance.
For example, a GTX 1060 3GB will often see higher system memory usage than a 6GB model because when the former runs out of VRAM it uses system memory. If you run out of system memory, some game assets are moved to the local storage device, which is hopefully an SSD, and depending on how fast that drive is and how heavily it's hit with data, you may or may not see a noticeable dip in framerate.
So, testing with a GTX 1080 Ti and its 11GB VRAM buffer along with a super snappy NVMe SSD probably isn't the best way to determine how much system memory your average gamer requires. We'd also assume that if you have a $700 graphics card and a primary storage device of a similar value, buying 16GB or more of RAM isn't really an issue.
There are other factors to consider as well. Memory speed can influence the results, granted even the fastest memory, think HBM, can't make up for a lack of capacity but in some instances when working with large volumes of broken up data it can help to avoid slow downs as the data is moved in and out of system memory much quicker.
The quality settings used in games can also really impact the results. If you use a GTX 1060 3GB but are happy turning things like textures down to a medium quality setting then that will reduce how much data is offloaded to the system memory.
Taking all this into account, we've tested a number of different hardware configurations and we'll be showing the impact all this has on performance. However, we quickly discovered another issue with trying to show the fps difference between the various hardware configurations. Benchmark passes typically last anywhere from 30 to 60 seconds and are run multiple times. This means the system has a chance to cache the pass and only keep the data we're constantly in high speed memory.
So, while the results from the first run might see a shockingly low 0.1% or 1% frame time figure, this can be improved dramatically on the second run and then again on the third. Displaying the three run average can be misleading.
The best solution we came up with for addressing this problem was to run each benchmark once, then reset the entire system, load the game again and run the next pass. This means the 30 second pass doesn't have a chance to be cached.
The benchmark pass is actually 60 seconds in total but we only report the frame rates for the last 30 seconds. This mimics more what you'd see when actually playing the game as the software can still be loading assets for the first 5-10 seconds that you are playing, and this can cause frame drops, even on computers with sufficient system memory.
Typically, the solution to this problem is to run the benchmark pass once, throw away those results and then run three more times, at which point you take the average from those three runs. That method isn't useful for measuring the impacts of memory capacity though.
Finally, benchmarks aside, a good indicator for working out how much memory you'll need to play the latest games is to just monitor memory allocation. It's not foolproof but it gives us a pretty good idea of how much system memory a game requires to avoid any slow downs. Again the hardware used will impact the amount of system memory used.
Having said all that, we're first going to show you memory usage using three different graphics cards in a few popular multiplayer titles, all these gameplay tests were conducted with a Core i7-8700K with 32GB of DDR4-3000 memory. The test system has a number of applications running in the background such as Steam, Origin, Uplay, Discord, Chrome with a few tabs open, MSI AfterBurner, RivaTuner and Fraps.
So it's by no means a completely clean test system running a skeleton crew of applications. Also please note that the maps used aren't always the same so this isn't an exact comparison, but the memory usage does reflect what we saw for the most part.
Battlefield 1
GeForce GTX 1080 Ti
Starting with a 64-player Battlefield 1 match, we first tested on the GTX 1080 Ti at 1440p with the ultra quality preset and found that it used up to 8.2GB of system memory. The system page file grew to 11.6GB in size and this resolution/quality combo sees 3.8GB worth of VRAM consumed -- the 1080 Ti of course has an 11GB buffer. This suggests that for perfectly smooth performance in this title gamers will require 16GB of system memory.
GeForce GTX 1060 6GB
Dropping down to the GTX 1060 6GB under the same test conditions, we see RAM usage peak a little higher at 8.5GB and the system page file grew ever so slightly to 12GB. Again, we're seeing around 3.6GB worth of VRAM allocation.
GeForce GTX 1060 3GB
Now, what if we use a graphics card with a VRAM buffer that's smaller than the amount of memory the game wants to allocate? With the GTX 1060 3GB we see RAM usage hit 10GB while the pagefile grows to 12.5GB and we saw occasional dips in the frame rate as a result.
That said, gameplay was for the most part smooth thanks to the massive 32GB of system memory we installed. But whereas you might have gotten away with 8GB using the GTX 1080 Ti, you most certainly require 16GB with a graphics card sporting less than a 4GB framebuffer.
However, the 3GB 1060 is really intended for 1080p gameplay but even so lowering the resolution to 1080p still sees RAM usage peak at 9.7GB, though for the most part the game only allocates around 2.6GB of VRAM.
PlayerUnknown's Battlegrounds
GeForce GTX 1080 Ti
I'll quickly summarize what I saw in the rest of the games... Running PlayerUnknown's Battlegrounds on the GTX 1080 Ti saw 7.5 GB of system memory used and throughout my testing at 1440p@ultra quality, VRAM usage peaked at 6.2GB.
GeForce GTX 1060 6GB
The 6GB GTX 1060's system memory allocation climbed to 8.3GB while the pagefile grew to 14.5GB.
GeForce GTX 1060 3GB
With the 3GB GTX 1060 installed, RAM allocation boiled over to 12GB and reducing the resolution to 1080p didn't help as we still hit 12GB.
Call of Duty WWII
GeForce GTX 1080 Ti
Now for the ultimate memory pig, Call of Duty WWII. Using the extra quality settings at 1440p we see the GTX 1080 Ti VRAM usage peaking at 10.8GB and that saw RAM allocation hit 10GB -- wow.
GeForce GTX 1060 6GB
Interestingly, RAM usage with the 6GB GTX 1060 was much the same, as was the page file size. The comparison unfortunately wasn't made on the same map but I did try multiple maps and saw similar usage.
GeForce GTX 1060 3GB
Even with the 3GB GTX 1060 we see similar system memory usage but frame drops became very apparent. Dropping down to 1080p didn't help and gamers using the 3GB 1060 will need to lower attributes such as texture quality from extra to something less demanding, maybe normal would be appropriate.
Overwatch
GeForce GTX 1080 Ti
Overwatch isn't known for it's super high-quality textures, even when using the epic quality settings. Here we see at 1440p, the GTX 1080 Ti only saw up to 2.4GB of VRAM usage while system memory hit just 6.9GB, suggesting that 8GB would be fine for this hardware configuration in Overwatch.
GeForce GTX 1060 6GB
We see similar usage patterns with the GTX 1060 6GB. System memory usage peaked at 7GB so again, 8GB of RAM will work well for this title.
GeForce GTX 1060 3GB
With the 3GB 1060 you're right on the edge as RAM allocation hit 7.5GB in my test and much the same was also seen when testing at 1080p.
Star Wars Battlefront II
GeForce GTX 1080 Ti
Finally, I monitored memory usage using Star Wars Battlefront II, and no I didn't find any extra system memory in a loot box. System memory usage hit 9.2GB when using the GTX 1080 Ti at 1440p with the maximum in game quality settings, so this is yet another title that will benefit from 16GB of RAM.
GeForce GTX 1060 6GB
Oddly dropping down to the 6GB 1060 reduced memory allocation to a peak of 8.5GB, I did re-test this a few times and found the same result each time.
GeForce GTX 1060 3GB
With the 3GB 1060 installed, RAM allocation shot up to 10.4GB, suggesting that with this graphics card you'll certainly want 16GB of system memory. Even at 1080p, usage still rose above 10GB.
Bacon Festival is THIS WEEKEND! Not like we're excited or anything…
Jen Picciano tells us more, and everything else you can sink your teeth into this weekend – on this week's #ClevelandFeed
Learn about something new and tasty on #CleCooks this morning! Tostones are on the menu from @Sol_Willoughby coming up on @cleveland19news pic.twitter.com/o0TeS92Cl1 — Jennifer Picciano (@jenpicciano) October 1, 2017
A crash is seen on April 28, 2018. (Kurt Rempe/FOX5)
A crash is seen on April 28, 2018. (Kurt Rempe/FOX5)
A bicyclist was in critical condition after a crash in the east Las Vegas Valley on Saturday evening.
Las Vegas police responded about 5:29 p.m. to Indios Avenue and Mountain Vista Street, near Boulder Highway. A vehicle and person on a bicycle collided and police said the bicyclist was transported with critical injuries.
The intersection was closed while police investigated. No other information was available.
Copyright 2018 KVVU (KVVU Broadcasting Corporation). All rights reserved.
1:31 For Charles and Juanita, 80-plus Valentine's Days and counting Pause
1:59 Students study threat from invasive New Zealand Mudsnails
0:15 Bank robbery suspect flees after dropping suspicious package
2:13 Washington state Gov. Jay Inslee responds to 9th Circuit ruling on immigration order
1:45 Thurston County election night party in Olympia
1:04 River Ridge's Jordan Skipper-Brown talks art of the dunk
5:01 Trump talks about Russia accusations, business dealings in first post-election press conference
0:48 Trump counters on Putin question, says 'Our country's so innocent?'
1:33 Clint Dempsey updates at Sounders training
We recap the sixth episode of season four of Married at First Sight.
Video will play in Play now Don't auto play
Never auto play
Two more brides might be about to pull a Lauren on Married At First Sight, as resentment over their husbands builds and their marriages begin to crumble - with insults thrown and single mattresses wheeled in.
For Deb, she's been deafened and spat on and thrust on by husband John and - after several passive aggressive squabbles - she's left running around a palm tree while sobbing about gluten.
For Scarlett, her change of heart about Michael came on suddenly and ended with her dubbing him the "fakest person she's ever met".
And coming from someone with a fake American accent, that's quite a harsh insult.
All 10 couples and their honeymoons are crammed into tonight's episode. That's 20 people. Just two minutes in, it becomes immediately clear this decision is stupid. The thought of talking about all these turkeys makes me want to walk into traffic, so we're only covering the ones that serve up that sweet passive-aggressive behaviour.
While nine of the couples find well-priced flights and jet off to tropical locations for their honeymoon, jilted groom Andrew and runaway bride Lauren are tricked into thinking they're flying up to the Whitsundays when really they're stuffed into separate Ubers and driven to a Sydney warehouse to face each other. It's such a huge moment it actually requires its own separate story.
While they're talking through their own breakup, it seems we may have two other splits on the horizon.
Over in Samoa, Deb is still wearing the flower crown from her wedding even though it's wilted and basically disintegrated into mulch.
Continued below.
Related Content Scarlett Johansson: 'It's not natural to be monogamous' Married At First Sight: What happened to the runaway bride? Video Watch: Married At First Sight - Deb gets upset over cake
She still hasn't come to terms with the fact John isn't Polynesian (as per her request) and her resentment about this is filtering into everything.
Deb rolls her eyes and tells us she had THE WORST night's sleep because of John, even though he is literally sitting right next to her on the same couch.
"You tossed and turned and you THRUST your body here and you THRUST it there and you THRUST it there," Deb complains to John, not saying the word "thrust" nearly enough.
Realising there's probably a more passive aggressive way to deal with the situation, she picks up the phone and calls hotel reception: "Hello, yes, could I have another bed made up in a separate room please?"
Pulling out her iPhone and going into the "notes" app, Deb begins to go through the list she's made of John's other annoying qualities.
First up, his loud talking voice.
He apologises softly.
"You spat on me," she replies, wiping her skin while adding it to the list.
"I think we're not working, John and I," Deb confides in us while tucking into her newly-arrived single bed.
In attempt to rectify the situation, John comes up with a simple solution: He'll just get a separate hotel room. That way he can talk and spit and thrust without annoying Deb.
Deb takes this as a colossal slap to the face and doesn't understand why - WHY - John would want out of their totally chill and fun living arrangement.
"Why? Really? Why? We've been living fine together," she says in a confused whisper.
"Am I stressing you out? Because I'm fine sharing and living together, so I don't know why you'd have to dramatise everything and move house because of that."
John's careful not to spit as his jaw hits the floor.
"I don't see what's wrong with saying, 'Can you please put down the toilet seat', or, 'Can you please wipe up that pool water so I don't slip', or if I'm constantly tripping over your things ... like, I really kicked my toe and it wasn't the first time. Like, if I just say, 'Can you just put that in there', you don't have to change rooms."
Yeah. Deb's right. She's a total scream to live with.
Overwhelmed, Deb runs into some palm trees crying. She's upset about everything. She's upset about John's spit. She's upset about being thrust on. But most of all, she's upset that she didn't get given a Polynesian groom to match her Polynesian-themed wedding.
"Why did we do all that Polynesian theme if there was no Polynesian?" she cry-whispers, running in no real direction. "All they had to do was put an ad out and they would have got them, interviewed about 100 of them and they would've found one. And nothing."
Her misery then spirals to depths I honestly didn't anticipate.
"I got nothing I wanted. I got orange cake. Wasn't even gluten free," she cries.
Over at Michael and Scarlett's honeymoon, their relationship begins to crumble quicker than the orange cake at Deb's Polynesian-themed wedding.
Michael's been stressing about telling Scarlett about his side-job as a stripper. But he soon plucks up the courage in the same way a bride-to-be might pluck at his G-string on a hens night.
He tells her and she seems fine. Surprisingly, the stripping isn't what causes the sudden tension between them. It's an issue about cities. Following a basic conversation about Scarlett living in Sydney and Michael living in Perth, he begins to have second thoughts and tells us they're "completely two different people".
"I think the big-hitting thing for me is, I want someone who's set up (and) established," he tells the unpublished aspiring author. "(Someone who) has direction with work and is ready to go and they know what they want to do. At the moment, it really only feels like a friendship. And that's where it's led to now. That's how I'm feeling."
Scarlett takes the accusation about her lack of direction very personally. After all, she has several unpublished books to her name. Who's he to say she lacks direction? She wonders what Elle Woods in Legally Blonde would do, and then she swipes back.
"I think you're probably the fakest person I've ever met in my entire life," she spits at him in her accent that drops in and out, which makes the insult sting even more.
It results in an argument about who hooked up with who first.
Michael shoots back, asking why her dates haven't worked out in the past and it hits her where it hurts.
Scarlett doesn't know what to say. She just stares at him. She has no reply. She should just say something. Anything.
Because if Deb taught us anything tonight, it's that all arguments can be flipped over into a meltdown about gluten.
Married At First Sight Australia is on Monday-Wednesday at 8pm on Three.
- news.com.au
Australia is to scrap its skilled 457 visa programmes which has allowed tens of thousands of Irish workers to immigrate to the country in recent years.
Announcing the policy change on Facebook, prime minister Malcolm Turnbull said he was “putting Australians first” by giving them priority for jobs currently open to overseas workers.
The 457 visa, which allowed skilled foreign workers and their partners and children to live in Australia for up to four years if sponsored by an employer, was designed to fill labour shortages in the Australian economy.
Since the economic crash in Ireland in 2008, the 457 visa has been particularly popular with Irish construction and healthcare workers looking to move to Australia.
On December 31st 2016, there were 6,139 Irish holders of these visas living in Australia.
Current 457 visa holders will be unaffected by the changes.
As the economy has tightened - particularly in Western Australia where the mining industry has contracted considerably - the programme has come under fire, especially from unions which claim it is prioritising foreign workers for jobs over Australians.
Mr Turnbull said on Tuesday that the number of occupations eligible for the new skilled foreign worker visa programme to replace the 457 will be reduced, and the threshold to qualify will be raised.
“Australians must have priority for Australian jobs - so we're abolishing the 457 visas,” he said.
“We'll no longer let 457 visas be passports to jobs that could and should go to Australians.”
A new two- or four-year temporary visa “designed to recruit the best and the brightest” will still allow businesses to “get access to the skills they need to grow and invest”, he added.
The new visa would “better target genuine skills shortages” and would include new requirements such as previous work experience, better English-language proficiency, a criminal record check, and labour market testing.
Currently 95,758 people are in Australia on a 457 visa. The highest proportion of foreign workers came from India (24.6 per cent), the United Kingdom (19.5 per cent) and China (5.8 per cent).
There has been a significant drop in the number of Irish applying for 457 visas in the last two years, as emigration from Ireland has fallen and the Australian economy - particularly in Western Australia - has tightened.
In the 12 months to June 2016, just 3,030 Irish people, including workers, their partners and children, were granted these skilled visas, down 26 per cent from 4,119 the previous year, and 71 per cent since the numbers peaked in 2013.
New South Wales and Western Australia are the most popular destinations for Irish workers on these visas, with about one-third of the total number going to live in each region. The remaining third were divided among the six other Australian territories.
Did you emigrate to Australia on a 457 visa? What do you think of the announcement? Irish Times Abroad wants to hear from readers in Australia. Send us an email with your 457-visa story to abroad@irishtimes.com.
Suspect flees after assaulting two employees at a Santa Maria store
Santa Maria police are searching for a suspect who attacked two store clerks with pepper spray Friday to avoid being arrested for shoplifting.
The incident occurred at about 6 p.m. at the Walmart store at 2220 S. Broadway, Sgt. Russell Mengel said.
“The male suspect was contacted by Walmart loss prevention, who were attempting to stop him regarding a theft he had just committed,” Mengel said. “Upon being contacted, the subject became aggressive and deployed pepper spray, immobilizing both loss prevention officers.”
The suspect then left the store and fled on foot through the parking lot, Mengel said.
He was described as a white male, 20-30 years of age, 5-foot-8 to 5-foot-11, and weighing 150-170 pounds.
Police released a store-security photo of the suspect, who arrived in a gold, 1995 to 1998 Acura TL.
Anyone with information about the suspect or his whereabouts is asked to contact police at 805.928.3781 or Crime Stoppers at 877.800.9100.
— Noozhawk executive editor Tom Bolton can be reached at .(JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address) . Follow Noozhawk on Twitter: @noozhawk, @NoozhawkNews and @NoozhawkBiz. Connect with Noozhawk on Facebook.
Key Points:
Talitha McEwan loves her sport - probably a little too much. She swims, does synchronise swimming, water polo, underwater hockey, hockey, cricket, and she's also a surf lifesaver. But it all costs money. "My mum said I was doing too many sports so either I give up something or make money. "So I started making soap." "We kept telling her that things cost money but it wasn't sinking in," says mum Veronika. "We don't want to raise children who don't realise the value of money." So the entrepreneurial 11 year old from Papamoa has been making all sorts of soaps, candles, bath salts, shampoo, conditioner, lip balm, face cream (even leather polish and furniture polish) since she was eight years old.
"My mum said I was doing too many sports so either I give up something or make money. So I started making soap." Talitha McEwan
She has her own Facebook page and website, Talitha's Treasures, where people can make orders. She specialises in making cute party packs for birthday parties. Talitha has a connection with online supplier Pure Nature, which has invited her to attend courses. She's run blogs on their webpage teaching people how to make their own bath truffles, bath salts, soap, body scrub and lip balm. Talitha has always been interested in creating beautiful things. Her favourite shop was Lush where she could spend hours smelling everything. But little luxuries were expensive, and sport was her priority, so Talitha decided to start making her own. Talitha made her first lip balm at the age of five. Veronika did not want her using products with chemicals like those in some lip balms, and preferred her using natural ingredients. She bought books on how to make soap, natural beauty products, cosmetics and fragrances. She's a big fan of soap queen Anne-Marie Faiola and has watched many tutorials."It's like magic," Talitha says. "I just enjoy making it and testing all the colours and smelling all the fragrances." She first sold soaps outside her grandparents' house. "It was quite hard at first." Then she sold her wares with Papamoa Lions market and Little Big Markets. She is booked in for the upcoming summer market season. Check out Talitha's Treasures at www.talithastreasures.com or her Facebook page
3:01 Michael Bennett on why he sat during national anthem at Seahawks' preseason opener Pause
0:54 Olympia Pet Emergency moving back to Lacey
1:12 Olympia couple building their dream one cottage at a time
0:59 Little feet fly at the Hawks Dance Team's Kids Dance Camp
1:38 July, 2017 fight at the Artesian Commons Park
0:45 Car rams into crowd of counter-protesters in Charlottesville, Va.
2:24 White supremacy protests in Charlottesville, Va., devolve into a chaotic day of violence
0:38 UW linebacker Ben Burr-Kirven on his long hair: "I will probably let it go the whole season."
2:03 What you need to know about August's solar eclipse
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Stoke City's Saido Berahino was once touted as one of English football's brightest young talents when he burst onto the scene at West Bromwich Albion.
Making a name for himself as a clinical finisher, he fell out of favour at Albion because of disciplinary issues and then moved to Stoke.
Similar problems have reared their head at the Britannia Stadium as his long, grim goal drought rumbles on.
Here's what his managers have had to say about him:
David Brown
Brown was a former teacher of Berahino at Aston Manor Academy
“It was obvious when he first came to us that he was a very talented lad.
“I was blessed that Saido was part of a group that was a pleasure to teach. But no one else has made the same sort of impact.
“His work ethic was fantastic and he would take on board any criticism levelled at him whatever the sport.
“Saido gives back a lot. He comes back to see us and gives lots of advice to the youngsters in the football.”
Aidy Boothroyd
Former Albion youth coach Boothroyd had Berahino on loan at Northampton in League Two in the 2011-12 campaign
"When I went to Northampton, Gary Johnson had taken Saido on loan, and he had been in and out of the team.
"The first thing on my desk when I got there was: 'Do you want to keep him?' I knew a little bit about him from my West Brom connections, took him for another month initially, and he was terrific.
"You could see he had something different and I can only say good things about him.
"The only problem was, he did so well that Brentford came along and whisked him off to play in a higher division.
Uwe Rosler
Rosler sent Berahino back early from his loan after a tweet from the striker upset the Brentford boss
"We have addressed it [his Twitter comments] with him.
"He trained on Monday and had a meeting with West Brom today [Tuesday]. He's gone back to Birmingham and visited his mother.
“He was not in the right frame of mind to play.Saido has returned to West Brom for private reasons.
"We respect that. He's not a Brentford player any more, so it's not our place to comment on the issue."
Steve Clarke
Steve Clarke handed Berahino his Baggies debut as a substitute in a League Cup win at Yeovil in August 2012
"Berahino is someone I brought on at half-time on Tuesday because we wanted someone who could run behind their defence,” added Clarke.
"He can do that. He's done well this pre-season. He hasn't played many minutes on the pitch but I've seen him work in training, be in and around the squad and I'm pleased with him.
"He's done very well and did everything I asked of him against Walsall, also scoring a good goal in the process."
Gareth Southgate
Southgate called Berahino up to the England U-21s for the first time in 2013
“What I like about Saido is when he has dips in form he recognises it, he acknowledges it and he has a desire to put it right.
“This is a lad who has been a pleasure to work with right through this campaign.
“At times when he has needed a bit of encouragement and advice we have talked regularly and I am delighted with how he has started the season.
"There's never a denial. You hope as time goes on there are fewer dips and then none at all. He has got a fantastic chance of being a top player.”
Roy Hodgson
Hodgson was the England manager who selected Berahino for the senior squad in 2014
"I know him quite well because I brought him into the first team squad at West Brom.
"The first time I saw Saido was in a reserve game at the training ground, either in late February or early March (2011).
"After the game, I said to Dan Ashworth ‘I want George Thorne and Saido Berahino to train with the first team.'"
Alan Irvine
(Image: Mike Hewitt/Getty Images)
Irvine was Baggies boss when speculation linking Berahino with a move to Tottenham continued to swirl in 2015
“Is he ready to play a huge part at a club like Tottenham? Probably not yet.
“I always said to Saido that as long as he keeps his focus and did the right thing then he would continue to develop.
“He's a player who certainly has the potential to become a very good striker.
“It's important he plays. He's at the stage of his career where he needs to play regular games. He's got talent. His movement is very good.”
Tony Pulis
Pulis ran out of patience with Berahino, resulting in the striker's transfer to Stoke in 2017
"He's been in the naughty chair but he's OK.
"The most important thing Saido has got to do is not talk about what he wants to do but actually go out there and do it.
"He's still carrying a bit of weight and we have to work out how to get that off him but he's certainly made a difference with his goals.
"He won't be the first boy to have problems off the pitch, I have signed players who have had massive problems off the pitch and worked with them and got the best out of them."
Mark Hughes
Hughes signed Berahino from West Brom in January 2017 for a fee of £12 million
"He has a lot of untapped potential clearly, he is a player of good talent and somebody who has a lot of growth in the game still to come.
"We all feel once he gets one, he will get a hatful. It's just about waiting for that dam to burst.
"I just feel that he has the potential to be the striker that we have been looking for a long time - he is capable of creating chances and he is certainly capable of converting chances too.
"We are going to give him the stage to perform now, and he needs to embrace that, which I am sure he will."
Paul Lambert
The current Stoke boss sent Berahino to train with the under-23s after growing frustrated with the striker's attitude
“I think Saido needs a bit more fitness to his game.
“He's not up to my level of fitness. He's a fit lad, but there's got to be more to it, that he's got to work on.
“I think he's absolutely fantastic, incredible finisher, but you need more at times.
“He's going to have to earn the right to get into the side and he's going to have to work for it.
Keep abreast of significant corporate, financial and political developments around the world. Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting, expert commentary and analysis you can trust.
1:24 Gun dealer describes confusion, complexity in California's new gun laws Pause
0:32 Storm scenes from Pismo Beach
1:36 2016's worst red-light runners
1:07 The holidays are at home with the Fortinis
0:46 Nephew shares memories of David Fear, who died in Grover Beach dog attack
1:07 California still working on getting young voters to cast ballots
2:48 Former Sacramento sex worker talks about life on the street
1:28 California Republicans get sweaty for dog safety
0:31 Powerful message about texting while driving
When people and businesses want to sell something, they have to invest their resources in choosing the right methods. There is no need to develop an online shop when you can post free ads in Dubai. Many more people access online listings and you can never know when someone interested shows up. Especially since you can post free ads in the UAE, there are no costs involved and you simply enjoy the functionalities.
Those who want to post free ads in Dubai have the option of finding an online listing website and read the requirements. Generally, creating an account is necessary and then once can post as many ads as desired. The emphasis should be made on the actual ad, mentioning important details about products or services, including the price and choosing the right category. Of course, you can add photos and links in the ad, letting people know if there is something else, they need to know and improve your chances of selling the product or service. You can always look through other announcements, within the same category.
Not all companies can afford to pay for advertisements to attract new buyers and the good news is that they have other possibilities at their disposal. For instance, they can post free ads in Dubai and enjoy the high number of people that see the ads, click on them and even make a purchase. It is one of the most effective ways of reaching customers, extending the word about the company and about the products and services sold. Listings are very useful and websites usually offer additional options, such as receiving messages from prospective buyers, adding photos in the ads and more.
Usually, advertising requires many resources, time and money and effort to think about content and target audience. On the other hand, businesses that post free ads in the UAE do not have to worry so much about these aspects. The process is very simple and anyone can post announcements. Adding a title for the ad and a text is necessary and here is the opportunity of thinking about something catchy, how to attract buyers and how to convince them about the quality of your items. Of course, you can always look online and see how others advertise similar products and services.
There are several websites that provide listings out there and you can choose the one that inspires more trust and which has a lot of traffic. It is best focusing on a popular one, which has many visitors, so that your ads are seen by people and even shared. Once you find a reliable source, you can post as many ads as you want, with all the products or services that you sell. It is worth taking all measures to find buyers and increase your business, especially when some of the options are free and don't imply any costs.
Do you want to post free ads in Dubai ( https://freesoog.com ) ? There are many benefits indeed and this website allows you to post free ads in the UAE ( https://freesoog.com ) and helps you close the deal with buyers.
The first crisis in the life of Owen Farrell came in 2005. It was not of his making.
In March of that year his father Andy announced his cross code move from north of England rugby league and Wigan, where he had played for 13 years, to London based Saracens and the metropolitan life.
For 13-year-old Owen, it was a searing change of culture and sport. Embedded in League and Wigan, where he spent hours picking up balls behind the posts as Andy and Frano Botica practiced kicking, it was not be the first or last time the father would influence the son.
The joke at the time of Andy's move south was that the real goal of Saracens was not acquiring a legendary Wigan and Great Britain captain but tying in the son. Apocryphal perhaps but in getting Andy, the club ingeniously recruited Owen.
Playing league for Wigan St Patricks, where he continued to go even after moving to London, Owen stayed with his grandparents, refusing to let go of the short life he had built around the only club he knew.
It lasted a couple of seasons before the 15-man game took hold. Now about 10 years on, the England and Saracens outhalf is in contention to retain his European Player of the Year award and in 2016 was shortlisted for World Player of the Year. It would be perverting history to say nobody saw him coming.
“I first came across Owen in the age grade system,” says former England coach Stuart Lancaster. “So he was playing England 18s and England 20s. Around that time he moved down from the north to the south of England when Andy got a job with Saracens.
“His development has been exceptional. He's always had a really high work ethic. He has great integrity as a person and he's a strong leader and competitor. He's not afraid to listen to other people to get better and that's what drives him.”
Guarded nature
Inscrutable off the pitch Farrell has never been a player to give much away and has always been close to his father and mother Colleen, both strong influencers.
Much of his guarded nature would have come from the intense interest in his family's private life, some of it prurient and salacious, much of it on the inflated rugby profiles of father and son. But his early history is arguably central to the integrity and closeness of the Farrell family unit. Colleen and Andy had Owen when they were 16 and in school. Owen was called O'Loughlin, his mother's name, for the first six months of his life.
The teenagers were living with their parents at the time. But they bravely stuck it out despite the heaped difficulties of being so young.
Few can understand how desperately hard it is to hold that together but it led to family cohesion and demonstrable commitment that endures. It is up front and central to Owen's rugby life.
Former player Alex Sanderson was the Saracens under 18s coach when Owen arrived. Because of his northern roots, he paid close interest to the Wigan teenager.
Added Time: The Irish Times Sports Podcast
“Everything Owen's gleaned has been predominantly from his old man,” Sanderson told the Telegraph last year. “Even when he wasn't part of the coaching staff his dad would be on the sidelines talking to him pre-game. I'm sure to this day Owen still takes guidance from his dad about some of his decisions and how he plays the game.
“He's always kept his family very close. His mother is as big a driving force as his old man – and his uncle [Sean O'Loughlin] is the captain of Wigan. A lot of people want to give you a lot of s**t after every game and it's important that you trust your close counsel.”
His own player
Farrell is his own player and not the same as Jonny Wilkinson. But there are similarities. Like Wilkinson he has a spiritual dimension to his personality.
At Saracens they have optional philosophy classes and Farrell is a regular attendee. They also have a pastor and Farrell spends time at sermons.
Those hinterlands of his non-rugby persona are never available up for public consumption and his introspection or impulse to listen to notions that are bigger and more relevant than rugby, are strictly the private domain.
Farrell has never spoken about studying Buddhism but he has and understands how it relates to his performance, how to park upset, how to move on to the next job and, actually, live in the present.
Better people make better players may have come straight from the suite of All Black fridge magnets but the drive for all-roundness is part of what makes him a pivotal player and world class place kicker.
Owen Farrell starts at 12 against Italy. Photograph: Adrian Dennis/Getty
Like many of the elite in that area, Wilkinson, Johnny Sexton and Ronan O'Gara, Farrell has the capacity to “black box” mistakes.
“Owen has very much the same attributes (as Wilkinson), a very professional, diligent worker,” says Lancaster. “Jonny did some work in camp with us in 2012 and 2015. He'd be a huge mentor for Owen and has certainly helped him along.
“But probably the biggest guiding force for Owen is his dad and the family. Great credit for the family as a group in the way they brought Owen up.”
Sexton toured with Farrell with the Lions last summer but they played together for just 30 minutes against Queensland. The Leinster outhalf was 31-years-old during the tour, Farrell 25, different waves of the same generation.
Like Sexton, Farrell demands on the pitch, measures everyone by his own standards. Indoctrinated in needing to be the best in the world, he is a hostage to ambition.
With Wilkinson those stresses showed and he spoke eloquently about the burden. Having grown up immersed in greatness, with Farrell it seems to fit less uncomfortably.
‘A great character'
“Yeah he's direct when he's in his rugby shoes,” says Sexton. “But in the team environment he's a good character, fun. People don't see that because they are not in behind. Some guys are very guarded when they go out and he has to be reserved in the media. But he's a great character.
“You would have found in his early England days he would have had comparisons with Wilkinson which would have been tough. People wouldn't have said he was up to it. But he's just got better every year.”
Sexton has seen how driven Farrell can be and understands it better than most. In Wigan and Saracens he would shatter players on his own team with a glare. They were in the wrong place, were sloppy with a pass, didn't give the extra two per cent, so they got it from him.
On the Lions tour Sexton says he enjoyed the sessions they shared, both similarly tuned. But more than that he could see the refinements and the mould of the father.
As defence coach Sexton has been listening to Andy in Irish camp for two years. He understands the flow of information and how it comes from a man who floods the room with presence and naturally commanded respect.
“He didn't lick it off a stone,” says Sexton of Owen. “He has a real strong work ethic, feet on the ground. I can't speak highly enough of him.
“After that Lions tour the temptation for guys was to think you have made it now. But he's just got better every year. He's lucky he got coached by Andy.”
Farrell's maternal grandfather, Keiron O'Loughlin, the father of his mother Colleen, played 20 years of professional rugby league.
His son, Sean, is the Wigan captain today and a Great Britain player. A neighbour and best friend of his father when he was with Wigan was Denis Betts, who played 35 times for Great Britain. Monkey see, monkey do but all of it at dynasty level. League maybe but there is little dispute where foundations were laid.
“ Yeah, he would be demanding,” says Lancaster. “When I picked him in the initial England squad in 2012, he was very much a young player trying to find his feet. But he got picked.
“He's grown in his ability to lead over the last four or five years. It's not about demanding. It's about getting the best out people of people. That's what leadership is. Owen is doing that very well.”
The story of his life.
DRUG PEDDLER CAUGHT IN BUY-BUST OPERATION!!! At around 11:30 o'clock in the evening of June 18, 2018, personnel of Panglao PNP led by PINSP GERONIMO...
Two people were injured Thursday in a single-vehicle accident on Highway 101 north of Los Alamos, according to the Santa Barbara County Fire Department.
Emergency personnel were called out at 9:09 a.m. to the rollover accident in the southbound lanes, according to CHP dispatch. The vehicle came to rest on its right side on the shoulder of the highway.
Two minor injuries resulted from the accident, said fire Capt. David Sadecki.
Several passing motorists blocked traffic after stopping at the scene.
— Noozhawk intern Jordon Niedermeier can be reached at .(JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address) . Follow Noozhawk on Twitter: @noozhawk, @NoozhawkNews and @NoozhawkBiz. Connect with Noozhawk on Facebook.
Bashir Ahmad, the Personal Assistant to President Muhammadu MBuhari on New Media has listed some of Buhari's achievements in 3 years .
Resetting the economy ✔
Justice reforms ✔
Anti-corruption & transparency ✔
Investing in people ✔
Security ✔
Power sector ✔
Bilateral relations ✔ 3 years of Buhari Administration.
3 years of winning. #PMBAt3 pic.twitter.com/g1SnOSiMRO — Bashir Ahmad (@BashirAhmaad) May 30, 2018
What is your take on this ?
Gain access to global coverage from local journalists on the ground in 50+ countries working around the clock to break news, analyze, spot risks and opportunities.
Join over 300,000 Finance professionals who already subscribe to the FT.
Brighton 3 West Ham 1
West Ham's week of turmoil ended with a 3-1 defeat at Brighton to plunge them back into the relegation mix.
Goals from Glenn Murray, Jose Izquierdo and Pascal Gross secured a priceless second win in 14 matches for the Seagulls to boost their chances of avoiding the drop.
Javier Hernandez was on target for West Ham, but it was a miserable end to a turbulent few days for the east London club, who had to sack their head of recruitment Tony Henry after claims he told agents they did not want to sign any more African players.
Anger and frustration towards the West Ham board from supporters is at an all-time high following the scandal, as well as an underwhelming transfer window which saw a club linked with Olivier Giroud, Michy Batshuayi and Daniel Sturridge end up with Jordan Hugill from Preston.
Indeed, the first chants of ‘sack the board' were belted out from the away end even before Murray put Brighton ahead in only the eighth minute.
The goal came after referee Roger East allowed play to continue despite Aaron Cresswell's foul on Anthony Knockaert, and Gross immediately pinged the loose ball to Murray.
The striker, who scored twice in Brighton's 3-0 dismantling of Slaven Bilic's West Ham in October, strode forward and coolly sidefooted past Adrian for his 10th goal of the season.
Amid the off-field controversy West Ham boss David Moyes is also dealing with a spate of injuries and indiscipline – Arthur Masuaku is still serving a lengthy ban for spitting and Michail Antonio was dropped in midweek for being late to a meeting.
So it is to the Scot's tremendous credit that he has, until now at least, been ekeing out the points which have been keeping West Ham at arm's length from the relegation battle.
Moyes is also starting to get a tune out of Hernandez, and it was the Mexican who started and finished the move for West Ham's equaliser, first laying the ball off to Mark Noble who in turn prodded it forward to Joao Mario just inside the area.
The Inter Milan loanee flicked the ball back to Hernandez, who brought it on to his right foot before sidestepping both Lewis Dunk and Gaeten Bong and burying a fierce drive into the top corner.
However, midway through the second half Brighton retook the lead with a bolt out of the blue from Izquierdo.
The Colombian winger collected the ball on the corner of the penalty area and, with everyone in the ground anticipating a cross, curled a stunning effort over the despairing dive of Adrian and into the top corner.
This time Moyes and West Ham had no answer and with 15 minutes left their misery was complete when Gross collected Davy Propper's pass on the edge of the box and rifled a low shot across Adrian and into the far corner.
Lys Mousset scores Bournemouth's second goal during the Premier League match against Stoke City at Vitality Stadium. Photograph: Harry Trump/Getty Images
Bournemouth 2 Stoke City 1
Substitute Lys Mousset came off the bench to score his first Premier League goal for Bournemouth as they came back from a goal down to beat Stoke City 2-1 in a pulsating clash at the Vitality Stadium.
Swiss international Xherdan Shaqiri, who had seen a shot cleared off the line by Steve Cook moments earlier, put visitors Stoke in front in the fifth minute, the diminutive winger heading home unmarked from Badou Ndiaye's cross.
Bournemouth, who hammered Chelsea 3-0 on Wednesday, upped the tempo in the second half and had plenty of chances to score, but it took until the 70th minute for Joshua King to put them back on level terms with a thumping right-foot strike.
Sensing that Stoke's resistance was wilting after King's goal, Bournemouth continued to attack and nine minutes later Mousset nodded home Jordon Ibe's free kick for the simplest of finishes to take all three points.
James Ward-Prowse of Southampton celebrates scoring his side's third goal with team-mates during the Premier League match against West Brom at The Hawthorns. Photograph: Tony Marshall/Getty Images
West Brom 2 Southampton 3
West Brom were left stuck at the bottom of the Premier League after losing 3-2 to Southampton, despite having made a fine start to the match.
It was an emotional day at the Hawthorns where there was a minute's applause before the game for their former striker Cyrille Regis, who died last month.
Egyptian defender Ahmed Hegazi headed Albion into an early lead from a corner by set-piece specialist Chris Brunt but Southampton hit back with two goals in three minutes before half-time. Gabon's Mario Lemina drove in from 20 metres and defender Jack Stephens scored his third goal in three games.
A direct free kick by James Ward-Prowse made it 3-1 and Saints held on for a first League victory in 13 games despite Salomon Rondon's 72nd-minute headed goal for the home side.
Federico Fernandez scores Swansea City's equaliser in the Premier League game against Leicester City at The King Power Stadium. Photograph: Henry Browne/Getty Images
Leicester City 1 Swansea City 1
Swansea's resurgence continued as they climbed out of the Premier League relegation zone with a 1-1 draw at Leicester, who were again without wantaway midfielder Riyad Mahrez.
All the pre-match talk was about the Algerian, who has not been seen by the club since his proposed move to Manchester City collapsed on Wednesday.
Mahrez unexpectedly missed the defeat at Everton that night and has not been at training subsequently, although his absence on Saturday was anticipated as Leicester boss Claude Puel allowed the former PFA Player of the year time to “clear his head”.
It looked like he might not be missed as Leicester played some lovely football during the first half and took the lead after 17 minutes through Jamie Vardy.
However, after Federico Fernandez headed Swansea level early in the second half, Leicester lacked the guile and craft so often provided by Mahrez to respond and had to settle for a point.
Global Gas Chromatography Systems Market: Overview
Chromatography is a laboratory technique intended to separate compounds from a sample mixture either for purification or for identification. Chromatography systems comprise a group of techniques that enable the separation of individual components from a sample mixture. Chromatography systems contain two phases viz. the mobile phase and the stationary phase. Components of the mobile phase are passed through the stationary phase. Separation of the sample mixture is normally achieved at different rates of migration of mobile phases. Increasing research and development of techniques that require utilization of chromatography systems and rising launch of new instruments and consumables are likely to drive the global gas chromatography systems market during the forecast period. Moreover, Gas chromatography systems are considered cost-effective alternatives for micro-extraction and electrophoresis analytical separation methods, which are tedious and expensive.
Download Report Brochure @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=B&rep_id=41132
Gas chromatography system employed to separate and analyze volatile components in a gas phase. In the gas chromatography system technique, components of a sample are dissolved in a solvent and vaporized in order to segregate the sample mixture by distributing it into two phases: the mobile phase and the stationary phase. The mobile phase is a chemically inert gas that helps to carry molecules of the sample through a column. This system can be divided into two types based on use of the stationary phase. When a solid adsorbent is used as the stationary phase, the system is called gas solid chromatography. On the other hand, gas liquid chromatography uses a liquid on inert support as the stationary phase. Gas chromatography is considered one of the important forms of chromatography systems that do not use the mobile phase to interact with the sample mixture. Two types of detectors are used in the conventional gas chromatography viz. flame ionization detectors (FIDs) and thermal conductivity detectors (TCDs). FIDs allow detection of trace components at ppm (parts per million) levels. TCDs help in detecting a variety of organic and inorganic compounds.
Global Gas Chromatography Systems Market: Drivers and Restraints
The gas chromatography systems market is experiencing growth, due to widespread adoption of these systems in laboratory instrumentation. The gas chromatography technique is used in almost every branch of the chemical industry, mostly in production of petrochemicals from natural gas and oil. This technique is also applied for quality control and research and development in areas such as environmental pharmaceuticals, foods, and electronics. Thus, wide-ranging application areas of the gas chromatography system increase the use of this technique and eventually, drive the market. Furthermore, availability of alternative techniques to effectively separate components would also drive the gas chromatography systems market in the near future. For example, GC-MS (gas chromatography-mass spectrometry) analytical equipment are gaining immense popularity among biochemical laboratories. GC-MS analytical equipment uses the gas chromatography technique for separation of individual components from complex organic mixtures and then, it employs mass spectrometry to identify those components separately.
Enquiry for discount on this report @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=D&rep_id=41132
Global Gas Chromatography Systems Market: Key Segments
The global gas chromatography systems market can be segmented based on type of detector, type of consumable, end–user, and region. Based on type of detector, the market can be divided into flame ionization detectors (FIDs) and thermal conductivity detectors (TCDs). Consumables include column accessories, gas generators, and pressure regulators. Based on end-user, the global gas chromatography systems market can be segregated into pharmaceutical companies, hospital & research laboratories, biotech companies, and others.
Geographically, the global gas chromatography systems market can be segmented into North America, Europe, Asia Pacific, Latin America, and Middle East & Africa. North America dominates the global market. The Gas Chromatography Systems Market in the region is expanding rapidly due to increasing investments by the U.S. government and technological advancements in the region. Europe is considered the second-largest Gas Chromatography Systems Market, due to strong presence of chemical and pharmaceutical companies in the region.
Report Overview @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/gas-chromatography-systems-market.html
Global Gas Chromatography Systems Market: Key Players
Key players operating in the global gas chromatography systems market include Siemens AG, Regis Technologies, Inc., and Illumina, Inc.
About Us
Transparency Market Research is a next-generation market intelligence provider, offering fact-based solutions to business leaders, consultants, and strategy professionals.
Our reports are single-point solutions for businesses to grow, evolve, and mature. Our real-time data collection methods along with ability to track more than one million high growth niche products are aligned with your aims. The detailed and proprietary statistical models used by our analysts offer insights for making right decision in the shortest span of time. For organizations that require specific but comprehensive information we offer customized solutions through adhoc reports. These requests are delivered with the perfect combination of right sense of fact-oriented problem-solving methodologies and leveraging existing data repositories.
TMR believes that unison of solutions for clients-specific problems with right methodology of research is the key to help enterprises reach right decision.
US Office Contact
90 State Street, Suite 700
Albany, NY 12207
Tel: +1-518-618-1030
USA – Canada Toll Free: 866-552-3453
Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com
Website: https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com
By Abdulwahab Abdulah
The Lagos State government has expressed fear over increasing cases of domestic violence in the state resulting in death of spouses, just as it established a prima facie case against Mrs Udeme Odibi, accused of murdering her lawyer husband, Otike Odibi.
To stop escalation of such incidents, the government through the Attorney General and Commissio-ner for Justice, Mr. Adeniji Kazeem, vowed to leave no stone unturned in applying the law on any culprit found culpable.
Speaking specifically on Odibi's death at his Diamond Estate, Ajah, in May, the Commissioner revealed that the office of the Director of Public Prosecutions, DPP, had established a prima facie case against the suspect, Mrs Odibi, and that she will soon be charged to court.
Accompanied by the state Solicitor-General, Mrs, Funlola Odunlami; the DPP, Ms Titilayo Shitta-Bey, and officials of the Domestic and Sexual Violence Response Team, DSVRT, led by Mrs Itoro Eze-Anaba, the Attorney General warned that “any citizen engaged in any form of domestic violence to henceforth desist from such acts to avoid being brought under the full weight of the law.
“Lagos State government will not tolerate such behaviour and offenders are warned accordingly.”
On arraignment of Udeme, he said: “The trial of Mrs Udeme Odibi will commence as soon as the case is assigned to a court by the Chief Judge. This office will ensure expeditious trial.”
He said residents can report violence in their area by dialling a short code— 6820— or 08137960048.
NORWALK — Two reputed gang members were ordered Sept. 27 to stand trial on murder and attempted robbery charges in the killing of a Downey police officer who was shot once in the face while sitting in his BMW in a parking lot near the police station.
Superior Court Judge Roger Ito rejected requests from defense attorneys to dismiss the case against Steven Knott, 20, and his half-brother, Jeremy Anthony Alvarez, 23, who are charged, along with a third defendant, with the Nov. 18, 2015, slaying of Ricardo Galvez.
Prosecutors allege that the half-brothers went on a crime spree that fall that culminated with the officer's murder.
In testimony shortly before their five-day preliminary hearing came to a close, Los Angeles County sheriff's Detective Toni Martinez told the judge that the defendants' mother initially said Knott was at home asleep in his room but later acknowledged receiving a phone call in which he said he had just shot somebody and that the police were chasing him.
Alvarez — the alleged getaway driver — was arrested soon after a wild pursuit that was caught on dash-camera video recorded from the patrol car of a Downey police officer who heard the gunshot in the area of the parking lot and began chasing the suspects.
Knott and Abel Diaz, then 17, were arrested the next morning.
Investigators subsequently recovered a handgun that had allegedly been thrown out of the Nissan Altima while Alvarez was behind the wheel. Prosecutors say ballistics tests determined that the gun had been used to kill Galvez, who had served two tours of duty — one in Iraq and one in Afghanistan — in the Marine Corps prior to becoming a police officer.
DNA testing and fingerprint analysis linked Knott to the weapon, according to stipulations agreed to by the prosecution and the defense at the preliminary hearing.
In emotional testimony Sept. 25, Downey police Lt. Brian Baker said he walked out to the parking lot to investigate what might have happened after speaking on the phone with Officer Justin Prentice, who had chased the light-colored Altima to Montebello.
Baker said he did not initially recognize Galvez or his car, and only realized that the victim was his colleague after looking through the vehicle's windshield.
“That's when I recognized it was Ricky. When I recognized him, I couldn't believe what I was seeing,” Baker said of the 29-year-old former Marine, who had been on the police force for five years.
“Sorry,” Baker said at one point as he grew emotional recounting the details of the discovery of Galvez's body.
Baker said he saw the BMW running and noticed a bullet hole in the driver's side window, then directed a sergeant to break the passenger window of the locked car. The sergeant determined that the officer was dead, and a check of the vehicle's registration confirmed the car belonged to Galvez, Baker said.
Los Angeles County sheriff's Sgt. Richard Biddle testified that the suspects' attempt to rob Galvan “wasn't completed. They didn't get anything inside the car. The gun went off and they fled.”
When he was shown a still photo from surveillance camera footage in the parking lot, Diaz subsequently admitted that he and Knott had approached the BMW — one from each side — while Alvarez remained inside the Nissan Altima, Biddle testified.
Diaz subsequently was tape-recorded in jailhouse conversations in which he admitted being involved in the crime and saying that the three formulated a plan to rob Galvez, according to the sheriff's sergeant. Diaz said he and Knott were wearing masks made of pieces of cloth over their faces, the sheriff's sergeant testified.
Under cross-examination, Biddle said Diaz claimed the gun allegedly wielded by Knott had gone off accidentally.
The judge ordered the siblings to remain jailed without bail while awaiting arraignment Oct. 12 at the Norwalk courthouse.
Diaz, now 18, is awaiting a hearing in a juvenile court to determine if he should be tried as a juvenile.
The murder charge includes the special circumstance allegation that Galvez was murdered during the commission of an attempted robbery, but Los Angeles County prosecutors have yet to decide whether to seek the death penalty against Knott and Alvarez. Diaz could face up to life in prison if convicted.
The three are also charged with robbing another man earlier the same day, and Knott and Alvarez are additionally charged with two other robberies the same day. The half-siblings are charged along with Alvarez's girlfriend, Rebecca Ann Ustrell, 29, with the attempted murder of a man in Montebello on Oct. 18, 2015.
Knott is also charged with one count of shooting at an inhabited dwelling in September 2015.
A United States backpacker has blasted New Zealand's clean and green image as a "myth", highlighting issues with trash, polluted waterways and cars.
Marius Viktorius, from Michigan, has been travelling through New Zealand over the past four months.
He has kept a blog of his travels, writing about his adventures including freedom camping, friendly locals and Maori culture.
However, now his trip has come to a close, he said the country's environment did not live up to the advertising campaign.
Advertisement
"What's the first thing that comes to mind when you think of New Zealand?" he asks.
"Millions of sheep on rolling hills, stunning mountains, or pristine rivers maybe?"
A United States backpacker has blasted New Zealand's clean and green image as a 'myth'. Photo / File
All he had seen from Lord of the Rings, Instagram photos and the 100% Pure marketing campaign had left him with the impression New Zealand was a " green, sustainable, and clean country".
"Plastic and trash are abundant, and though there is recycling, it's not [ingrained] in the culture.
"As a byproduct, the culture creates a lot of trash and they haven't found a sustainable solution for disposing it, or curbing its consumerist culture."
Although New Zealand had some of the "most amazing natural phenomenon", farming, consumerism and tourism were impacting it, he wrote.
"While New Zealand boasts many of the world's remaining clean rivers, they're getting increasingly polluted.
"This problem resembles the environmental degradation in most parts of the world."
Much of the native bush had been cleared.
"Today a tiny fraction of the native bush remains."
However, he did enjoy learning more about Maori culture, and meeting friendly New Zealanders.
"The more time I spent here, the more I saw just how friendly the locals are, especially the Maori.
"Many a time I'd be hitchhiking in the evening when someone would pick me up and invite me to stay with them.
The times I did they'd cook dinner and spend the night with me. All those times I was baffled and wondering, 'Why do they trust me? They just met me!'. They did and I'm grateful for it.
"All things considered, we should not look at New Zealand as a role model for pure nature. Instead, we should look at it as a role model for a trusting people."
ED BEHRENS
Brimming with Royal pride, new principal touts academic improvements, the block schedule and a new look for the campus
San Marcos High School may have a new principal this year, but Ed Behrens is hardly the new kid on campus. Behrens spent the past 14 years as an assistant principal at San Marcos, and it is clear that he has a passion for the home of the Royals.
“The school has always had a great Royal spirit,” Behrens said. “There is a spirit of collaboration among the staff and students.”
As principal, Behrens plans to be hands-on in that collaborative process.
“My goal is to be here for the students, and for the students to know who I am,” he said.
One way he plans to achieve this is through his Lunch with the Principal program.
“Every week I'll meet with a different student group,” he explained. “We'll talk about what they like (about San Marcos), what they want to change, and their vision for themselves and for the school.”
Behrens grew up in Orange County, where he ran cross country and track for Mater Dei High School in Santa Ana. After graduating from San Diego State University with a bachelor's degree in history, he applied for an eclectic array of jobs — from a sales rep at Black & Decker to an investigator with NCIS.
He attributes his interest in education to his high school running coach, who instilled in him the importance of setting goals.
“I was able to achieve at a high level because of his mentorship, and I wanted to go back and share that with others,” Behrens said.
He began teaching in Orange County before moving to Santa Barbara. Behrens taught English Language Development at Santa Barbara High School for six years, became chairman of his department, and joined multiple school committees.
“I found that I was interested in what was going on globally at the school, not just what was happening in my classroom,” he said.
He returned to school and earned a master's degree in education leadership and policy studies, after which he was hired as an assistant principal at San Marcos High.
One focus Behrens has as principal is working with the teachers to improve instruction and student achievement.
“We know we have a great group of students and want to challenge them,” he said.
To this end, Behrens worked with the teaching staff to repurpose the school's late-start Thursdays.
“We're now spending that time sharing teaching best practices to improve the quality of instruction,” he said.
One outward sign of the changes happening on campus is the construction in what was once a staff and visitor parking lot that housed an island of portable classrooms. Thanks to the passage of Measure Q, a $75 million bond approved by voters in 2010, San Marcos is replacing the 12 portable classrooms with a new wing that will provide a high-profile cornerstone to the school at 4750 Hollister Ave., at the intersection with Turnpike Road.
Something that is unlikely to change is the school's block schedule. Although some families are wary, Behrens has only good things to say about it.
“The block schedule is very forward thinking,” he said.
The academic-focus block schedule, as it's known at San Marcos, allows students to focus on fewer classes at a time. Behrens highlights the advantage of balancing more challenging courses between the two college-style semesters.
“It makes it more doable,” he said.
Students seem to agree.
“The feedback we receive from alums is that they feel prepared for a college schedule,” he said.
The system has many advantages for teachers, as well.
“The 90-minute block enables teachers to go more in-depth,” he said, using science labs as an example — the longer period contains enough time to set up, complete an experiment and debrief.
In a time of budget cuts and increased class sizes, the block schedule reduces the number of students with whom a teacher interacts each day.
“There are 105 student/teacher contacts per-day at San Marcos,” compared to 175 in a traditional schedule, Behrens said.
“Sometimes the decision (of where to send a child to high school) is made without visiting the school,” he added. “We like to invite people to make an informed decision. We encourage anyone with questions to come and learn (about San Marcos).”
When speaking of the school's strengths Behrens is quick to acknowledge his colleagues.
“There is a great cohesion among the staff,” he said.
In fact, San Marcos is home to the current Santa Barbara County Teacher of the Year, Desa Mandarino; two previous Santa Barbara County Distinguished Educators, Jamie DeVries and Philip Levien; and previous California Teacher of the Year, Eric Burrows.
The school's pride in accomplishment and sense of family is important to Behrens, who, with his wife, Meghan, has two children: 5-year-old Blake, a kindergarten student, and 3-year-old Brynn.
With the school year now in full swing, Behrens is eager to see his new ideas in action.
“I'm excited about our new programs,” he said with a smile. “I'm excited about our strong existing programs.
“The school is moving in a good direction. We're all in education because we're passionate about doing the best for students, and this is an opportunity to do that better.”
— Noozhawk intern Jessica Haro (San Marcos High School Class of 2003) can be reached at .(JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address) . Follow Noozhawk on Twitter: @noozhawk, @NoozhawkNews and @NoozhawkBiz. Connect with Noozhawk on Facebook.
Chantilly, Virginia (webnewswire) April 23, 2018 – The McLean siding repair contractors at Beyond Exteriors recently posted a blog discussing the importance of Northern Virginia siding repair. These McLean roofing and siding contractors discuss in depth why siding repair is important for one's home and why they should hire Northern Virginia siding repair contractors to do the job. They also list the pros and cons of fixing the siding without a professional help. However, the cons greatly outweigh the pros of a do-it-yourself siding repair. Beyond Exteriors strongly emphasize the dangers of taking on a siding repair project without a reputable contractor's help. They recommend hiring Northern Virginia siding repair contractors because these contractors have the necessary experience and quality work to complete a siding repair project to perfect standards.
Siding repair can be dangerous work if an inexperienced non-professional tries to do it themselves. Trusting their own work and poor judgement leads to devastating consequences like injury and shoddy, yet expensive work. By doing the job themselves, they may also miss some key details that would even further deteriorate and destroy their siding, leaving it in even worse shape than when they started their repair project. Improper, untrained and unprofessional work will only damage the home, never to improve its sturdiness, durability and beauty. For a variety of reasons, it is plain ignorant and risky to take on the challenge without a NOVA Siding Repair and Roofing Contractor.
By hiring a reputable and professional contractor, a client will receive a number of benefits in both quality and pricing. For one, it actually costs less to hire a Northern Virginia siding repair contractor than the cost of doing it oneself. When a person does the job themselves, they have to pay the full price for equipment and take on the burden of repairing the siding and quickly attending to any mistakes, damage or outright failures. If their project fails, they would then have to restart all over again, purchasing expensive materials and redesigning their project plan.This can extend the timeline of the project and could cause months of a setback. Conversely, hiring a NOVA Roofing and Siding repair contractor will complete a project far more quickly than an inexperienced homeowner doing it themselves ever could. Experienced and quality professionals working on a siding repair project, leaves a homeowner rest assured that they are in good hands and have little to worry about. Roofing and siding contractors are also insured and licensed, which guarantees that they offer excellent warranties for siding. Their superior warranties ensure that should anything happen to any of the workmen, the client wouldn't be liable for their injuries.
Beyond Exteriors is a reputable and experienced McLean roofing contractor and Northern Virginia siding repair contractor, dedicated to fixing both roofs and sidings with the superior quality and professionalism. They complete roofing and siding projects meticulously and thoroughly, ensuring that the client's project specifications are met with guaranteed satisfaction. Beyond Exteriors is proud of their work in the Northern Virginia community, and you can easily see why by visiting their website at https://www.beyondexteriors.com/. For more information call them at 703-940-9771. You can also visit them at 14524 Lee Road, Unit E, Chantilly, VA 20151.
###
A smart (?) young fan sitting courtside wore two jerseys to the Warriors-Kings game in Sacramento on Friday night. He had a Vince Carter jersey on top of a Steph Curry jersey.
While watching Curry warm up, the kid took off the Kings one and stuffed it in a bag. He was probably hoping to try to get an autograph.
When you're a Kings fan but Steph's in the building 😂 pic.twitter.com/5GYAj5gTPN — Warriors on NBCS (@NBCSWarriors) February 3, 2018
The Warriors are the best team in the NBA and fans from all across the world love them. This was also demonstrated a couple years ago when a Lakers fan was caught changing into a Warriors jersey mid-game.
But in this case, something's telling me Carter and Curry wouldn't mind what the kid did. They'd most likely just laugh about it.
When you're talking to a legend but have business to take care of 😂👌🏽 pic.twitter.com/E5lb7Rbw5b — Warriors on NBCS (@NBCSWarriors) February 3, 2018
You always have to be prepared if you want a good shot at an autograph.
The All Blacks' coaching staff will use Thursday's game against Samoa as a full dress rehearsal for the majority of their frontline team in readiness for the first test against the Lions at Eden Park eight days later.
The exceptions are the injured duo of captain and number eight Kieran Read, and centre Ryan Crotty, whom the management hope will be fit next week. Read has been sidelined with a fractured thumb which is close to mending, while Crotty has a rib cartilage injury.
In Read's absence, another key member of the All Blacks' World Cup winning side, Hurricanes fullback Ben Smith will captain the side.
In the absence of Crotty, and not surprisingly after his match-winning performance for the Blues against the Lions, Sonny Bill Williams has been recalled for his first test since the World Cup final win over Australia, when his trademark offload led to Ma'a Nonu's match-clinching try.
Williams will be partnered by Anton Lienert-Brown while Smith will be flanked by Julien Savea, whose 45 Test tries puts him within four of Doug Howlett's record of 49 tries, and Israel Dagg.
Aaron Smith has fended off the challenge of TJ Perenara to partner World Player of the Year Beauden Barrett in the established halfback combination, and on the occasion of his 50th cap, the latter could be joined by his brothers Scott and Jordie in what would be a unique achievement by three brothers in an All Blacks test.
The latter, who plays alongside his brother at both centre and full-back, is in line for his debut along with another Hurricanes' teammate, Tongan-born lock cum blindside flanker Vaea Fifita.
In Read's absence Ardie Savea will start at number eight, a position which he has played a number of times this year for the Hurricanes, but never before in a test.
The options for Steve Hansen and co were restricted here as Liam Squire is still recovering from a broken thumb, while the coaches have chosen to keep Jerome Kaino at blindside, an indicator perhaps that Read will return next week.
As expected, the Crusaders hooker Codie Taylor starts in the absence of the brilliant Dane Coles, who has been sidelined for several months with concussion issues, in an otherwise first choice tight five.
Hansen said: “Whilst we asked for this game to help us prepare for the DHL New Zealand Lions Series, once it became a reality, it then took on its own importance - this is a Test match against a quality and very capable opponent. Samoa is about to kick off the qualifying stage of their Rugby World Cup campaign, so this will make them even more dangerous. The Samoans are always a challenge and will play with a high level of physicality and skill. At the very minimum, we will need to match that.”
“This first week has been about bringing together the players from the five different Super clubs and reintroducing them to the All Blacks way. We've had a good week and are really looking forward to this match.”
“It's going to be a unique night with two Tests being played at the same venue featuring four teams that are well known to New Zealand fans. It's a night that shouldn't be missed, as I'm picking there will be a lot of great rugby played so get on down there and show your support.”
NEW ZEALAND: Ben Smith (capt); Israel Dagg, Anton Lienert-Brown, Sonny Bill Williams, Julian Savea; Beauden Barrett, Aaron Smith; Joe Moody, Codie Taylor, Owen Franks; Brodie Retallick, Sam Whitelock; Jerome Kaino, Sam Cane, Ardie Savea.
Replacements: Nathan Harris, Wyatt Crockett, Charlie Faumuina, Scott Barrett, Vaea Fifita, TJ Perenara, Lima Sopoaga, Jordie Barrett.
Make informed decisions.
Become an FT subscriber.
Keep abreast of significant corporate, financial and political developments around the world. Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting, expert commentary and analysis you can trust.
Hascall Steel Company is a trusted steel center in the US. The company boasts a diverse product inventory that suits several applications.
[GRANDVILLE, 05/30/2018] – Customers rely on Hascall Steel Company for their steel processing needs. The company offers practical and cost-effective solutions that suit various industrial applications.
A One-Stop Steel Service Center
Hascall Steel Company is a leading steel service company that offers various steel services. It forges strong partnerships with local and foreign steel producers and suppliers. The company carries one of the most diverse and versatile inventories, and customers turn to the company to find a solution for their needs. Its products include cold reduced steel, blanked steel, slit steel, flat-rolled steel coils, and more.
The company's sales team considers every customer's needs and offers practical solutions. In fact, as a reliable steel partner, it takes the time to understand various requirements to achieve success. Customers can trust the team to conduct rigorous quality tests to ensure that every product meets quality standards.
A Broad Range of Steel Solutions
Hascall Steel Company takes pride in offering various steel services that meet almost every application. It selects and processes inventory to fit customer specifications by evaluating gauge, width, as well as physical and chemical properties. Since the company boasts one of the largest and diverse inventories, it offers different types of steel for various commercial purposes, including hot rolled black, cold rolled aluminized, coated steel, and more.
Customers can count on the company to shorten lead times and reduce supply chain costs. Hascall Steel Company's cost-effective solutions will deliver the right steel product, exceed quality processes, and provide a quality assurance guarantee.
Precise Steel Processing
The company's technicians go through rigorous training to operate their machines and achieve the ideal tolerance level that will result in the perfect coil or sheet. Hascall Steel Company has an in-house laboratory that runs multipoint testing to check whether the steel properties fall within the client's composition requirements.
About Hascall Steel Company
Hascall Steel Company has been serving the steel service needs of customers for over 45 years. It offers competitive rates and ensures availability of some of the most in-demand products and steel services. The company has become simultaneous to a provider of top-quality steel processing services.
To learn more, visit http://www.hascallsteel.com/.
MIAMI-DADE COUNTY, Fla. - A bus caught fire Saturday on Interstate 95 near Opa-Locka Boulevard, causing traffic delays, officials said.
Lt. Felipe Lay, a spokesman for the Miami-Dade Fire Rescue Department, said no one was hurt in the fire, which started around 10:30 a.m. Lay said that units are investigating what caused the blaze.
As of noon, all lanes had reopened.
A second bus came to pick up the affected passengers, Lay said.
Copyright 2018 by WPLG Local10.com - All rights reserved.
We feel that using the correct integrations can help you save a lot of valuable time and can be great tools for your digital marketing strategies and making them a success.
Below is a list of integrations that you need to apply that is imperative to run a successful digital marketing strategy:
1) Facebook Pixel – Vital to track Facebook ad performance on a website
A Facebook pixel is code that you place on your website that helps you track conversions from Facebook ads, optimize ads based on collected data, build targeted audiences for future ads, and remarket to qualified leads.
Visit Facebook Pixel
2) Google Analytics – Vital to track a websites visitors behaviour on the website or prior to reaching the website.
Google Analytics offers a very robust set of tools, statistics and reports to help understand what is really going on with a website.
• Learn where visitors come from and what they typed in to get there.
• Understand what visitors do once they arrive to the website.
• Learn how the website can convert more visitors into customers.
• See which keywords resonate with prospects and lead to conversions.
• Know which online ad or creative is the most effective (A/B Testing).
• Figure out how to develop not only more leads but higher quality leads.
• Track how many visitors completed a certain action (purchase, lead inquiry, call, etc).
Visit Google Analytics
3) Google Tag Manager – Vital to track conversion points or track events completed on a website by a visitor. This works together with Google Analytics.
Google Tag Manager is a tool that is often misunderstood, overused, and abused. It allows you to add marketing tags (snippets of code or tracking pixels) and conversion points on your website without having to modify the code. Saving valuable time.
Quite simply this tool allows for streamlined marketing strategy automation and to allow marketers to focus on the important aspects of your strategy, lead generation.
Below is an example of how Google Tag manager works.
To be very honest, the possibilities of how the Google Analytics and Google Tag Manager work together are endless!
Visit Google Tag Manager
4) Facebook Ad Campaign – Vital to run digital advertisements on Facebook social network.
Facebook currently has an active monthly base of 2.20 billion users.
An advertisement campaign created by a business on Facebook that's served to Facebook users based on user activity, demographic information, device use information, advertising and marketing partner-supplied information, and off-Facebook activity.
Facebook ads are so important to businesses because of the extra reach, exposure, and detailed targeting options that allow you to reach your specific audience. Having a business page on Facebook simply doesn't allow for optimal reach, growth and exposure as Facebook have implemented algorithms that restrict the content from your business page from reaching your full audience. At the moment only 6% of your audience will see your posts that are posted on your Facebook business page.
Running Facebook ad campaigns allow for you to select who sees your ads. You can simply add budget behind a specific post and select your defined target audience and the post will begin reaching a far larger audience within minutes.
Visit Facebook Business
5) Google Ads – Vital to run digital advertisements on Google Search Engine.
As of 2017, Google processes 3.5 billion searches per day. Each time a search is processed. Google displays adverts amount the search results.
Google Ads is paid advertising platform or pay per click (PPC) advertising platform to advertise on the Google Search Engine. The way it works is simple: People use *keywords (or search terms) to search for specific products and services. If the keywords you've chosen match what people search for, your paid ad appears next to or above organic Google search
*Keywords are words or phrases that are used to match your ads with the terms people are searching for. Selecting high quality, relevant keywords for your advertising campaign can help you reach the customers you want when you want.
Google Analytics is one of the best tools for lead generation. If your campaigns are set up properly, it has the potential to send extremely targeted leads to your website.
Google Ads allows you to focus on people who are searching for exactly what you have to offer.
It could include products or services. This means you can continually refine your searches so that only those who want to buy your products or services are sent to your websites through this platform.
Visit Google Ads
6) Infusionsoft (CRM & Email Marketing automation) – Vital to keep track of potential leads and nurture them to become qualified leads.
“Sales and marketing software that gets you organized, delivers personalized service, and closes more sales.”
With Infusionsoft your customers will enjoy personalized, relevant communication from their first website visit through every repeat purchase.
Customer Relationship Management (CRM) is a strategy for managing all your company's relationships and interactions with your leads and potential leads. It helps you improve your profitability.
Email automation is the most effective way to engage in email marketing because it enables you to send out messages to your customers at designated times.
An email automation system can save time by setting up the email platform to send messages when customers take specific actions. Automation sounds very robotic, but in fact, it allows business owners to develop closer relationships with their customers by maintaining effective communication and brand awareness.
Visit Infusionsoft
6) Zapier automation – Vital to provide a streamlined lead funnel and to guide your leads through your nurture process.
Zapier is an online automation tool that integrates with a vast amount of apps/software, such as Gmail, Slack, MailChimp, Most CRM's and over 1,000 more.
For example; when you receive a lead via a Facebook ad, you can have that lead inserted directly into your CRM system and you can send yourself an email notification that you have received a lead.
Zapier, is used to create streamlined lead flow and to direct your leads through the lead flow automatically, without you having to manually guide each lead through a lead. Saving valuable time for optimisation and lead generation.
Visit Zapier
6) Live chat – Vital to provide a solid and responsive communication channel between you and your potential leads.
Live chat is one of the more flexible tools you can use on your website. It helps you support customers in need of help. It allows you to increase your sales by engaging the right prospects at the right time as well as by generating a ton of new leads.
If a potential lead has a query about your service. They can simply contact you via Live Chat and find the answer to their query out immediately and make a decision to use your services.
“Many online consumers want help from a live person while they are browsing online; in fact, 44% of online consumers say that having questions answered by a live person while in the middle of browsing is one of the most important features a Web site can offer.”
An online chat system provides customers immediate access to support. Wait times are often much less than a call centre, and customers can easily multi-task while waiting.
Let us know what other great integrations you use in the comments.
View article on Techsite.io
Welcome to our coverage of Derby County's pre-match press conference.
Derby County are back in Championship action tomorrow, when they host Brentford at Pride Park Stadium.
The Rams go into the game on the back of successive goalless draws, against Bristol City and Millwall.
Gary Rowett's side sit second in the Championship ahead of the weekend games, one point above third-placed Aston Villa.
Villa closed the gap with their midweek win over Sheffield United.
After a deadline day which saw Kasey Palmer arrive on loan - and Chris Martin, Johnny Russell and Mason Bennett depart, Rowett will also be addressing that.
The Derby boss will also have all the latest team news and injury updates ahead of their clash with the Bees.
Join Chris Watson and Mark Wakefield for all your updates.
BJP lawmaker Kirit Somaiya today said that the Aircraft Accident Investigation Bureau (AAIB) is likely to submit its preliminary report on the Ghatkopar plane crash in the next “few” days.
Somaiya, who represents Mumbai north east parliamentary constituency in the Lok Sabha, also said that the full report is expected to take about six months.
Five people, four crew members including two pilots and a pedestrian, lost their lives when the 12-seater Beechcraft King Air C90 aircraft, belonging to private charter operator UY Aviation, crashed into an under-construction building in the busy Ghatkopar suburb of north east Mumbai on June 28 during a test flight.
The AAIB, which is the apex aircraft investigation agency under the civil aviation ministry, has been entrusted with the probe.
“Had meeting with DG Beer Singh Rai & his colleague of AAIB Delhi on Ghatkopar Airplane Crash. Preliminary report expected in few days, final report in 6 months,” Somaiya said in a tweet.
He also wanted to put to rest speculation that the aircraft, which had not flown for years did not have a certificate of airworthiness from the directorate of airworthiness under the directorate general of civil aviation.
“Plane has test run certificate,” the BJP MP said in his tweet.
Prabhat Kathuria, the husband of Marya Zuberi, the co-pilot who along with four others was killed in the incident, has publicly raised several questions over the test flight.
Kathuria, in a statement last week, wanted to know from the concerned authorities about “who allowed the flight to take off in the first place,” while citing DGCA norms that bars test flights of small planes in rainy weather.
Meanwhile, in a related development, Kerala-based lawyer Yeshwanth Shenoy, who had filed a PIL in Bombay High Court seeking its intervention on height norm violations by constructions around the Mumbai airport, has soughed a CBI probe into the plane crash besides appointment of a court of inquiry.
In a letter to the civil aviation minister today, Shenoy said, “I have filed a police complaint…I request you to ensure that the investigation by the DGCA officials be immediately stopped and the central government appoints a court of inquiry as was done after the Mangalore plane crash.”
“As regards the criminal investigation is concerned, the same be transferred to the CBI as the state police is inadequately equipped to conduct investigation related to an aircrash,” he said in the letter.
He also demanded grounding of the entire fleet of planes and choppers being maintained by the MRO services provider Indamer Aviation, till investigation is completed.
Indamer had repaired the aircraft that crashed at Ghatkopar during the test flight.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Mo Salah's blistering form has taken Liverpool boss Jurgen Klopp by surprise as he admitted he didn't think the Egyptian would be this good, report The Mirror.
The striker took his tally to 36 for the season with four goals in the 5-0 win over Watford on Saturday - the most ever for a player in their first Reds season.
Klopp told said that Salah's form at previous club Roma, where he played slightly behind a tall frontman, was not as prolific saying:
“He played more on the wing in Rome for example where he had a very dominant striker in Edin Dzeko.
“Nobody could know (that he could play as a striker). We learnt it step by step. We didn't know exactly that he's (capable) of playing in the centre. He's had games. It's normal when you're 1-0 up and you leave him in the centre with the counter-attack.
“We will not treat him like, ‘You don't have to train, Mo – just come on Saturday for the game and we'll see you there at Anfield or whatever'.
“He doesn't want that. He's exactly in the moment of his career but he knows there is a lot for him to come. He wants to learn and he wants to improve.
“When did we realise he could play in the centre? It was early. Without consistency we couldn't know but in the pre-season we knew.”
While Salah drew plaudits for his goals, the Liverpool winger also prompted applause from several team-mates and an appreciative Klopp on the touchline for tracking back to prevent a Watford attack during the first half.
“I think there was one situation in the first half – he doesn't love defending as he loves attacking but he's still involved,” said Klopp of Salah's defensive duties. “Thank God to Roberto (Firmino) that he's doing all of these things without thinking.
“He (Salah) does it. But sometimes he needs a little... (reminder). A lot of my players need that.
“It's not that we speak about it. Don't misunderstand me, it's only a thing, it's not exactly the same strength. If you talk about Roberto, Roberto loves running in that (forward) direction, and chasing the players. If I said to him, ‘Stop it'. He couldn't.
“He runs all the time but then Mo didn't stop as well tonight in the other direction. He took each sprint like the 100 metre final in the Olympic Games. That's what I mean, the team adapts to the strengths.
“You need to learn as a team, ‘Where is he?' because there isn't always time for searching. That's all. It's normal work.
“What you have to do is what we did (with Salah). You have to bring him more often in the positions where he can score or be involved in games.
“He's not only a striker, and whatever only a striker is, only a finisher. It's not like he is not involved in anything else. He's a very interesting package.”
Salah's thoughts
Mohamed Salah apologised to Watford goalkeeper Orestis Karnezis after firing four goals past him in Liverpool's 5-0 victory.
Salah was in such clinical form that he felt compelled to say sorry to the Hornets stopper after his starring role at Anfield.
He was seen mouthing the apology to Karnezis at the final whistle.
The Egyptian's record-breaking season shows no signs of slowing down as his tally put him in pole position for the Premier League's golden boot.
His first hat-trick for the club took his haul to 36 for the campaign and his 28 in the top flight – four better than Tottenham's injured Harry Kane – is the best in Europe's big five leagues.
Not far behind is Roberto Firmino, who marked the best goalscoring season of his career with an exquisite backheel for his 23rd in all competitions against a Hornets side who presented little challenge as Liverpool bounced back from last weekend's defeat at Old Trafford.
With Manchester United and Tottenham both involved in FA Cup action, Jurgen Klopp's side moved back into third place, two points either side of their top-four rivals.
It was Salah who stole the show again with his opener after four minutes drawing comparisons with Barcelona's Lionel Messi – and not for the first time.
The £38million summer signing exchanged passes with Sadio Mane before chasing down the ball in the penalty area and setting off on one of those driving, jinking runs which inevitably leaves defenders on their backside.
Miguel Britos was the unfortunate victim on this occasion, getting a worm's eye view as Salah fired an angled shot past Orestis Karnezis to become the third Liverpool player to score at least 25 Premier League goals in a single season after Luis Suarez (2013-14) and Robbie Fowler (1995-96 and 1994-95).
It was a goal so good it required a second look and many of Liverpool's substitutes left their seats on the bench to view it on a pitchside monitor.
If that was good the goal which completed his hat-trick was even better and similarly Messi-esque.
Mane cut in from the right to feed the ball in and despite being surrounded by defenders and falling over Salah somehow managed to conjure a low shot inside the far post.
The middle goal of his treble two minutes before half-time was less individual and more team-orientated as the ever-improving £8million bargain-buy Andrew Robertson exchanged passes with Mane before sliding in a cross which Salah could not fail to convert.
Even at that stage it appeared the game was beyond the visitors, but Firmino made sure five minutes into the second half when he backheeled Salah's near-post cross through his legs and inside the far post, eclipsing his previous career best of 22 for Hoffenheim in 2013-14.
Roberto Pereya's inswinging free-kick on to the top of the crossbar was Watford's only moment of respite as the red tide continued to crash forward and with it, inevitably, came more Salah goals.
After completing his hat-trick with some penalty area trickery the Egyptian rifled home substitute Danny Ings' rebounded shot to become the first Liverpool player since Suarez against Norwich in December 2013 to net four times in a single game.
Glue laminated timber is an innovative construction material. It is manufactured by joining pieces of lumber with moisture-resistant adhesives to create longer lengths. The lumber used for manufacturing glue laminated timber is special grade, which is directly purchased from lumber mills. Glue laminated timber, also known as ‘glulam,' is flexible from straight beams to complex curve members. It is available in different sizes and colors. It is often known for its esthetic looks and strength. Advantages of glue laminated timber are high load carrying capacity with low density, easy to work with simple tools, high thermal insulation properties, fast construction, and availability of large span lengths. The general manufacturing process of glue laminated timber is as follows: woodworking, drying, sawing, lining, gluing, vertical saw, inspection, and product packaging.
The global glue laminated timber market can be segmented in terms of shape, end-use, application, and region. Based on shape, the glue laminated timber market can be classified into straight, cambered, and custom. Straight shapes are mostly used as columns, supports, and roof trusses. Curved shapes are primarily employed as ceiling and roof trusses. Custom shapes are used for special designs where attractive designs are needed. The straight segment holds major share of the market due to its wide variety. In terms of end-use, the glue laminated timber market can be segregated into roof truss, support & columns, furniture, stairs, and ceiling structures. Under the furniture segment, glue laminated timber is used for making drawer panels, cabinet doors, armrest, coffee table, sofa, etc. The support & column end-use segment accounts for key share of the market due to its wide use in residential and commercial applications.
In terms of application, the glue laminated timber market can be divided into residential, commercial, and industrial. The residential segment can be sub-segmented into detachable houses and multi-story building. The commercial application segment can be sub-segmented into sports halls & leisure buildings, public and administrative buildings, agriculture buildings, and others. Demand for glue laminated in wood-based homes is high in developed countries. The residential segment is estimated to account for major share of the market, followed by the commercial segment, during the forecast period. The industrial segment is projected to expand at a sluggish pace due to the low usage.
In terms of region, the global glue laminated timber market can be split into North America, Europe, Asia Pacific, Latin America, and Middle East & Africa. The number of glue laminated timber made homes is rising at a significant rate in North America and Europe due to the ease of construction and esthetic looks. Asia Pacific is expected to be a lucrative region of the glue laminated timber market owing to the expansion of the construction sector in the region.
High degree of engineering efficiency, superior structural performance, esthetic designs, and design flexibility are likely to boost the glue laminated timber market in the near future. However, easy deformation, cracking of wood, and high cost may hamper the glue laminated timber market.
Get PDF Brochure for more Professional & Technical industry insights: https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=B&rep_id=43043
Key players operating in the global glue laminated timber market include Structurlam Products Ltd, Setra Group AB, Canfor, Schilliger Holz AG, Binderholz GmbH, Calvert Co., Inc., Meiken Lamwood Corp, Eugen Decker Holez Industrie Kg, and Pfeifer Holding GmbH.
About us:
Transparency Market Research (TMR) is a U.S.-based provider of syndicated research, customized research, and consulting services. TMR's global and regional market intelligence coverage includes industries such as pharmaceutical, chemicals and materials, technology and media, food and beverages, and consumer goods, among others. Each TMR research report provides clients with a 360-degree view of the market with statistical forecasts, competitive landscape, detailed segmentation, key trends, and strategic recommendations.
Contact us:
Transparency Market Research
90 State Street,
Suite 700,
Albany
NY – 12207
United States
Tel: +1-518-618-1030
USA – Canada Toll Free 866-552-3453
Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com
Website:http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/
Ile-Ife (Osun) – The Governing Council of Obafemi Awolowo University (OAU), Ile-Ife, has appointed Mrs Margaret Omosule as the 12th Registrar and Secretary to the Governing Council of the university.
A press release issued on Wednesday in Ile-Ife by the Public Relations Officer of the institution, Mr Abiodun Olarewaju, said Omosule was the Deputy-Registrar and Acting Director, Vice-Chancellor' s Office, prior to her appointment.
The release said that Omosule, a native of Ughelli South Local Government of Delta, holds a Bachelor of Arts (B.A) (Ed.) Degree in History (1984) and Masters Degree in Guidance and Counselling (1990), both from OAU.
“She is currently on her Ph.D Programme in the Department of Educational Foundation and Counselling, Faculty of Education, OAU, Ile-Ife.
“The new appointee began to garner work experience as an Education Officer at the Ministry of Education, Akure, during her NYSC schedule between 1984 and 1985,'' the release added.
It also said that Omosule worked at Moremi High School, OAU, between 1991 and 1995.
Omosule, it added, joined the service of OAU as an Administrative Officer 1 on Jan 23, 1995 and rose through the ranks to the post of Deputy Registrar in 2011.
It said that since Omosule joined the university, she had served in different capacities and in various arms of the university.
Omosule, according to the release, acquired knowledge and experience in the university's administration processes and procedures at junior, intermediate and higher levels. (NAN)
There's been a lot of handwringing lately over what would happen to stock once benchmark 10-year Treasury note yields reached 3 percent. Well, yields breached that level on Tuesday for the first time since January 2014, but that wasn't really why the S&p 500 Index fell the most since April 6. The reason is more disturbing than the prospect for higher borrowing costs.
Although equities started out the day in the black, and they did wobble once 10-year yields reached 3.001 percent, it was an unexpected announcement from Caterpillar, the world's biggest maker of construction and mining equipment and often viewed as a bellwether of the global economy, that caused the rally to reverse. Caterpillar's first-quarter earnings released early in the morning beat estimates, but company executives later said on a call with analysts and investors that those results “will be the high watermark for the year.” Therein lies the problem for the stock market. Everybody knew coming into earnings season that profits would be strong, but to justify the lofty price-to-earnings levels that stocks were trading at early in the year, companies would need to be equally bullish in their outlooks. But that is happening. Based on the companies that have reported so far, earnings-per-share rose by 17.8 percent from a year earlier, above early-season targets of 16.5 percent. But, strategists at Bloomberg Intelligence note, estimates for the next four quarters have declined.
"S&P 500 stocks have offered a lukewarm greeting to red-hot earnings, with outlooks somewhat chillier," the BI strategists wrote in a research note. "A turnaround in analyst-estimate revisions is likely necessary to get stocks moving in a positive direction again."
IT'S BOND ARMAGEDDON -- OR MAYBE NOT
Although it remains to be seen whether 10-year Treasury yields at 3 percent will have a punitive impact on the global economy and markets, they do serve to underscore how borrowing costs for governments, companies and consumers have risen quite substantially, and not just this year. The yield on the Bloomberg Barclays U.S. Aggregate Bond Index rose to 3.31 percent on Monday, up from the post-crisis low of 1.56 percent in 2012 and the highest since mid-2010. The U.S. government's interest expense so far in fiscal 2018 ending in October is $241.7 billion, up from $223 billion at the same point in fiscal 2017 and from $191.8 billion in 2016. The big question for investors is whether the economy is strong enough to withstand these higher rates. After all, the Federal Reserve Bank of Atlanta's widely-followed GDPNow, which aims to track growth in real time, shows the economy is likely expanding at 2 percent rate, which marks a big deceleration from the past three quarters. Although government data released Tuesday show that new-home sales increased in March to a four-month high in the face of the highest mortgage rates in four years, some economists say that was mainly a reflection of the dearth in supply of existing homes, forcing homeowners to buy newly built houses. If the economy is more a reflection of Caterpillar than home sales, then maybe yields might be near a peak for the year.
BAD NEWS IS GOOD NEWS
China's leaders gave their strongest signal since 2015 that growth in the world's second-largest economy could slow. And yet, Chinese stocks rallied Tuesday by the most in two months, with the CSI 300 Index gaining 2.05 percent. Investors were encouraged by a statement issued by state media Monday following a Politburo meeting led by President Xi Jinping where policymakers mentioned the need to boost domestic demand for the first time since 2015, and dropped a reference to deleveraging. In other words, the government is willing to ease its tightening campaign to avoid an overly sharp economic slowdown, according to Bloomberg News' Sofia Horta e Costa. “The Politburo meeting sends a signal that China may roll out fiscal stimulus and supportive monetary policies to resolve financial risk and stabilize markets,” Ken Chen, a Shanghai-based analyst with KGI Securities, told Bloomberg News. All industry groups on the broader CSI 300 Index rose, with property developers and banks leading the advance. While the rally helped patch some of the damage inflicted on Chinese stocks this year, the country's benchmarks are still among the world's worst performers since their January peaks. The shift in tone is “a sign that China is paying attention to the downward pressure in the economy,” Han Wang, chief macro analyst at Industrial Securities, wrote in a research note Tuesday.
ALUMINUM ROLLER COASTER
It sure is fun watching the aluminum market these days. After soaring as much as 37 percent in the span of two weeks amid the U.S. sanctions imposed on Russian aluminum producer United Co. Rusal, the price of aluminum has since crashed 20 percent, and was poised for its biggest two-day loss in almost three decades as supply worries eased after the U.S. softened its position on sanctions against Rusal. The U.S. Treasury said Monday that it would provide sanction relief if Oleg Deripaska relinquished control of Rusal. In addition, the deadline for companies to wind down dealings with the aluminum producer was extended by almost five months. Washington's change of tack follows two weeks of chaos in global metal markets after the initial imposition of the curbs on April 6, according to Bloomberg News' Eddie van der Walt. Positioning on the LME swung from 100,000 lots short to 100,000 lots long in 10 days -- the biggest-ever change over such a period, according to Matt France, Marex Spectron Group's head of institutional sales for metals in Asia. While the U.S.'s latest statement signals that refined metal produced by Rusal could soon be back in the market, other uncertainties persist, such as the question of the flow of alumina. The main raw material used to make the refined metal surged last week to a record $800 a ton amid supply tightness.
CRYPTO COMEBACK
Cryptocurrencies are enjoying a strong comeback from a rout at the end of last year that saw market leader Bitcoin drop from about $20,000 to just under $6,000 in less than two months. Bitcoin is back above $9,000 and the broad market for cryptocurrencies has gained 75 percent this month. One reason for the strength centers on speculation that coming regulation may not be as stiff as first envisioned when the market crashed. “The backdrop is less negative,” Marc Ostwald, global strategist at ADM Investor Services in London, told Bloomberg News. “The noise from regulators has been far less destructive in recent weeks than since the end of last year, and we haven't had a big theft from an exchange recently.” The digital coin surge in April coincided with many of the world's stock and bond markets struggling for direction, according to Bloomberg News' Todd White. Traders in traditional assets have had to factor in higher yields and inflation forecasts, as well as the shifting narrative of the U.S. and China trade dispute and tensions between America and Russia. “A lot of people who trade Bitcoin do it off technicals, the same as any commodity, like wheat or oil,” Ostwald said.
TEA LEAVES
It's not often that an emerging-market central bank monetary policy decision garners the spotlight, but Turkey is an exception. That's because President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan has been at odds with the central bank. He consistently calls for lower rates to give the economy a boost. On Wednesday, though, policymakers are likely to do the opposite and raise rates for the first time this year. The odds of a rate hike have risen since Central Bank Governor Murat Cetinkaya said this month he would raise borrowing costs “if needed” to steady inflation and anchor a currency that has the potential to swing in the weeks leading up to the June 24 presidential elections, according to Bloomberg News' Lin Noueihed and Selcan Hacaoglu. Last week, Erdoğan called nationwide elections more than a year earlier than scheduled in what analysts say is an effort to consolidate his position at the pinnacle of power. A victory would allow him to complete the transformation of the political system agreed in a referendum a year ago, eliminating the post of prime minister and weakening the role of parliament to concentrate power in an executive presidency.
If you'd like to get The Daily Prophet in e-mail form, right in your inbox, please subscribe to this link. Thanks!
DON'T MISS
Oil's Surge Is Mainly About Demand, Not OPEC: Jason Schenker
Markets Better Prepare for Stagflation: Danielle DiMartino Booth
Emerging-Market Investors Have Memory Issues: Desmond Lachman
The IMF Exaggerated for a Good Cause: Ferdinando Giugliano
The Rusal Case Is a Failure of U.S. Sanctions: Leonid Bershidsky
Some rebels in eastern Ghouta may soon agree to withdraw from the opposition enclave or accept rule by the Syrian state after big advances by the army into the area, a Syrian government minister said on Monday.
Syrian government forces have splintered eastern Ghouta into three separate zones in a month-long assault to crush the last major opposition stronghold near Damascus, confronting the rebels with their biggest defeat since 2016.
Damascus and its Russian allies are offering rebels in eastern Ghouta similar terms to those offered in other parts of the country that have been recaptured: safe passage out for those who agree to surrender territory, or a reconciliation agreement for those who wish to stay under government rule.
The government offensive has been one of the deadliest of the war, killing more than 1,400 people in eastern Ghouta since last month, according to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights. Tens of thousands of people have fled rebel-held areas into territory controlled by the government since Thursday.
Ali Haidar, the Syrian minister responsible for national reconciliation, told Reuters in an interview that rebels in an enclave centred around the town of Harasta – one of three rebel pockets in eastern Ghouta – may be ready to cut a deal.
Advances
He said the army had captured more than 80 per cent of the area once held by rebels but the pace of advances may slow as the troops reach more densely populated areas and they try to avoid civilian casualties.
“There will be possibility for greater discussion in the matter of reconciliations in these areas to safeguard civilians and therefore the pace that we saw may slow a bit,” Mr Haidar said.
With the sound of warplanes in the background, Mr Haidar said there were contacts with rebels and “to a certain extent there are acceptable results in part of the file”.
“There may be an accomplishment in Harasta in the coming period. I don't commit to specific timeframes because the matter is linked to the militants accepting departure or settling their situation [with the authorities] and the army entering the area,” Mr Haidar said.
Rebels in eastern Ghouta have publicly ruled out the kind of negotiated withdrawal that helped Syrian president Bashar al Assad recover Aleppo, Homs and other areas, though figures close to rebels have said indirect talks have been underway to secure such an agreement.
The opposition accuses Mr Assad of moving his opponents out of Syria's main towns and cities to the border with Turkey in what it calls a systematic policy of “demographic change”.
(Reuters)
FILE - In this May 22, 2018, file photo, Venezuela's President Nicolas Maduro holds up the National Electoral Council certificate declaring him the winner of the presidential election, during a ceremony at CNE headquarters in Caracas, Venezuela. As a meeting last August in the Oval Office to discuss sanctions on Venezuela was concluding, President Donald Trump turned to his top aides and asked an unsettling question: With a fast unraveling Venezuela threatening regional security, why can't the U.S. just simply invade the troubled country? Ariana Cubillos, File AP Photo
BJD moves Odisha SEC against PM Narendra Modi alleging poll code violation
Bhubaneswar: BJD moves State Election Commission against PM Narendra Modi alleging poll code violation. BJD delegates today sought intervention of State Election Commission alleging PM Modi and BJP to have violated the Model Code of Conduct implemented since December 27 in the state ahead of Panchayat polls.
Party spokesperson and MLA Surya Narayan Patro along with Sorada MLA Purna Chandra Swain and Polsara MLA Srikanta Sahu visited the State Electiom Commission with a written complaint against the advertisement in an Odia daily carrying the picture of Prime Minister Modi regarding a scheme launch as well as the announcement of packages for farmers, SHGs, etc by the PM as a ‘gross violation against the code of conduct in vogue in the state' and appealed to the commission to take action against the violation. The BJD MLAs also sought the commission's intervention to stop the ‘propaganda'.
Miss Sandra Faye Autry, 76, died Thursday, Oct. 5, 2017 at Cape Fear Valley Medical Center. A memorial service will be held at 3 p.m. Sunday, Oct. 8 at Jernigan-Warren Funeral Home. The family will receive friends from 2-3 Sunday, Oct. 8 prior to the service at the funeral home. She is survived by three nieces, Sharon Autry Penny and husband, Phillip Penny and Marsha Autry, both of Whiteville, Linda Swann of Mt. Pleasant, S.C.; one nephew, Michael Swann and wife, Susan Swann of Raeford; one great-niece, Caroline Penny Moore of Whiteville; and one great-nephew, Robbie Penny of Montgomery, Ala. In lieu of flowers, memorials may be made to Whiteville Assembly of God.
NR Boost
You must enter the characters with black color that stand out from the other characters
Message: * A friend wanted you to see this item from WRAL.com: http://wr.al/19Kbb
— Hurricane Nate gained force as it headed toward the central Gulf of Mexico early Saturday after drenching Central America in rain that was blamed for at least 21 deaths. Forecasters said it was likely to reach the U.S. Gulf Coast over the weekend.
Louisiana and Mississippi officials declared states of state of emergency and Louisiana ordered some people to evacuate coastal areas and barrier islands ahead of its expected landfall Saturday night or early Sunday. Evacuations began at some offshore oil platforms in the Gulf.
Mississippi's government said it would open 11 evacuation shelters in areas away from the immediate coast, with buses available for people who can't drive.
The U.S. National Hurricane Center warned that Nate could raise sea levels by 4 to 7 feet (1.2 to 2.1 meters) from Morgan City, Louisiana, to the Alabama-Florida border. It had already had caused deadly flooding in much of Central America.
The center added metropolitan New Orleans and Lake Pontchartrain to its latest hurricane warning.
The storm had maximum sustained winds of 80 mph (128.74 kph) and was likely to strengthen over the Gulf of Mexico, reaching the U.S. Gulf coast near New Orleans late Saturday, according to the hurricane center.
The storm was located about 420 miles (675.89 kilometers) south-southeast of the mouth of the Mississippi River and was moving north-northwest at 22 mph (35 kph).
Authorities cancelled Friday afternoon classes in parts of Mexico's Caribbean coast state of Quintana Roo, where Cozumel and Cancun are located. But Gov. Carlos Joaquin said it appeared the storm would stay well offshore and not hit land, adding "that, I believe, is good news."
In Nicaragua, Nate's arrival followed two weeks of near-constant rain that had left the ground saturated and rivers swollen. Authorities placed the whole country on alert and warned of flooding and landslides.
Nicaragua's vice president and spokeswoman, Rosario Murillo, said that at least 11 people had died in that country due to the storm. Earlier Thursday she had said 15 people had died before later revising to say some of those were still counted as missing. She didn't give details on all the deaths, but said two women and a man who worked for the Health Ministry were swept away by a flooded canal in the central municipality of Juigalpa.
Costa Rica's Judicial Investigation Organism blamed seven deaths in that country on the storm and said 15 people were missing. Flooding drove 5,000 residents into emergency shelters.
In Honduras, there were three dead and three missing, according to Oscar Triminio, spokesman for the country's firefighters.
Damage caused by the storm prompted Costa Rican officials to postpone a World Cup qualifying soccer match between that country and Honduras, which had been scheduled for Friday night.
In Louisiana, Gov. John Bel Edwards declared a state of emergency and mobilized 1,300 National Guard troops, with 15 headed to New Orleans to monitor the fragile pumping system there.
With forecasts projecting landfall in southeast Louisiana as a Category 1 hurricane, Edwards urged residents to ready for rainfall, storm surge and severe winds — and to be where they intend to hunker down by "dark on Saturday."
Louisiana's governor said Nate is forecast to move quickly, rather than stall and drop tremendous amounts of rain on the state. State officials hope that means New Orleans won't run into problems with its pumps being able to handle the water.
Edwards warned, however, against underestimating the storm.
The National Hurricane Center issued a hurricane warning from Grand Isle, Louisiana to the Alabama-Florida border.
Officials ordered the evacuation of part of coastal St. Bernard Parish east of New Orleans ahead of the storm. Earlier Thursday, a voluntary evacuation was called in the barrier island town of Grand Isle south of New Orleans.
New Orleans officials outlined steps to bolster the city's pump and drainage system. Weaknesses in that system were revealed during summer flash floods.
The Bureau of Safety and Environmental Enforcement's New Orleans office said in a news release that as of midday Thursday, six production platforms, out of the 737 manned platforms in the Gulf, had been evacuated. No drilling rigs were evacuated, but one moveable rig was taken out of the storm's path.
The agency estimated less than 15 percent of the current oil production in the Gulf of Mexico has been shut-in, which equates to 254,607 barrels of oil per day.
AOL announced Friday that it is discontinuing its pioneering Instant Messenger chat platform after 20 years of service.
An article on AOL's website posted Friday says AOL Instant Messenger will be discontinued on December 15. In a blog post , a spokesman for AOL's parent company explained the platform's demise as the casualty of the evolving way people communicate.
"AIM tapped into new digital technologies and ignited a cultural shift, but the way in which we communicate with each other has profoundly changed," wrote Michael Albers, vice president of communications at Oath.
The program will still function until December 15 After that date, users won't be able to sign in and all data will be deleted. AOL says people with an aim.com email address will still be able to use it.
Advertisement
Launched in 1997, AOL Instant Messenger was at the forefront of what was called at the time the biggest trend in online communication since email.
The platform, which provided instant access to friends and contacts on a user's "buddy list," was wildly popular for the first few years after its launch. It claimed more than 100 million registered users in 2001.
AOL was fiercely protective of its dominance in the instant messaging market.
It fended off rivals, including Microsoft, by blocking their messaging platforms from communicating with AOL users. Its actions prompted a coalition of rivals to complain to the federal government ahead of AOL's ill-fated merger with Time Warner that was completed in 2001.
Its popularity as a communication tool waned amid the rise of text messaging, Google Chat and social networking sites.
Despite the decline in usage, the announcement Friday made the platform a trending topic online and revealed an outpouring of nostalgia. Some users posted images of the AIM's famous "running man" logo outfitted with wings and a halo. Others reminisced.
In his post, Albers noted the strong affinity many feel for the messaging platform and its place in the evolution of communication.
"In the late 1990s, the world had never seen anything like it," he wrote.
1:24 Gun dealer describes confusion, complexity in California's new gun laws Pause
0:32 Storm scenes from Pismo Beach
1:36 2016's worst red-light runners
1:07 The holidays are at home with the Fortinis
1:33 How to grill ribs: Tips from The Rib Line's kitchen
1:40 A look back at SLO startup Shopatron, as Kibo announces local layoffs
0:31 On election night, Heidi Harmon shared her goals for SLO
2:42 Trump's White House
2:02 SLO County shelter pup Sugar Bear has wheels to get around. Watch her go.
Launched in December 2017, Creeper & Knotweed is a new online emporium for garden lovers. Showcasing the very best in terms of design, style and substance, Creeper & Knotweed brings together an eclectic, witty and vibrant collection of gardening gifts for garden lovers everywhere.
An ideal destination for sourcing unusual gifts and treats, Creeper & Knotweed began through a passion for gardening. Drawing inspiration from the botanical exploits of Victorian Plant hunters, and combining it with the deep held belief that a garden can be a sanctuary and escape in our increasingly hectic modern world, Creeper & Knotweed seeks to find the unusual, wonderful and thoughtful in terms of gifts for gardeners.
Contemporary also meets traditional in its ethos and approach – a highly intuitive website provides a contemporary shopping experience while the philanthropic heritage of our Victorian forefathers plays out in their approach to business – Creeper and Knotweed not only source much of their quality gifts range from the UK, they also donate approximately 5% of their earnings to the Christie's Hospital Charity Fund in Manchester.
Founder and Curator Steve Lupton says “ I saw how difficult it was to buy a worthy gardening gift online from anywhere that had a decent UK range that was also of any quality. So as a passionate gardener with experience in retail, web design and photography everything seemed to fall into place to create Creeper & Knotweed. We're genuinely excited to bring together such a unique collection under one roof of quality gifts for gardeners and reveal them to the world.”
Creeper & Knotweed are offering 10% off purchases up to 28th February for readers of this article, visit https://creeperandknotweed.co.uk and use coupon Code: ‘Potting Shed 10' to enjoy this special offer ahead of the gardening season.
Notes to Editors
For more information/ enquiries please contact Steve Lupton on his personal number 0795 1612421 or email steve@creeperandknotweed.co.uk
Need more images? We have a choice of Victorian style and contemporary images for support if required.
Why not give one of our gardening gifts as a promotion/gift? We're more than happy to arrange for a gift to be sent on your behalf, select from our range and contact us for more details.
About
OUR UNIQUE RANGE OF GARDENING GIFTS
Our items are mainly made in the UK by artisans and small businesses who meet our high quality requirements and use the finest materials where possible.
Whether it's gardening gifts for her or gardening gifts for him, for the home or garden, you will hopefully find that perfect present or gift.
Our unique range of gardening gifts is quite literally growing almost every day, so it really pays to look in again and again.
PERSONALISED GIFTS FOR GARDENERS
You may wish to send a personalised gardening gift, perhaps to someone special or for a special occasion like a birthday, wedding, or christening.
Make it personal with our ‘Personalised Gifts for Gardeners'. Select from our Personalised Bird Boxes to Personalised Garden Aprons, choose a Growing Plant Gift Set or an amazing high quality English Oak Rope Swing, whatever your gardening gift requirements you will find our choice is outstanding.
CREEPER & KNOTWEED – WE'RE DIFFERENT
Our aim is to provide the best gardening gifts in terms of quality and price. Special gifts that bring real warmth and pleasure both in giving and receiving.
With that in mind, we are delighted to bring you a lovely range of gifts and presents suitable for those that are keen gardeners or just love the garden. Some items are not available elsewhere and certainly not in such a collection. We recognise too that of course, gardeners also enjoy life, so from time to time you may find we have an extended range of gifts to suit all tastes.
Enjoy our gardening gifts emporium and please come back soon!
Creeper & Knotweed – Cultivated gifts for the gardener
By S. U. Thoronka
The Media Reform Coordinating Group (MRCG) yesterday concluded a one day training workshop on media ethics at the Harry Yansaneh Memorial Hall, SLAJ Headquarters on Campbell Street, Freetown. The workshop attracted a cross-section of media practitioners both from the electronic and the print right across the country.
MRCG was established as an independent corporate entity funded by the UNDP to act as the key driver of the media reform agenda in Sierra Leone. The MRCG has noted that there are more than a dozen statues that are being used to regulate the media in Sierra Leone ranging from constitutional provisions, Acts of Parliament to Codes of Practice or Ethics.
The workshop was intended to increase participants' understanding of the various documents that exist on media ethics in Sierra Leone, and to make the media managers understand the key principles in the IMC's Media Code of Practice.
The MRCG observed that in some of these pieces of legislation there is a big gap in the understanding and application of these regulations as it unfolds in the day-to-day work of the journalist both in the field and newsroom.
The Chairman of the Independent Media Commission, Ambassador Allieu Kanu in a brief statement said, when his team took over office, they vowed to continue to empower journalists through training. But that they were rendered handicapped by both the Ebola scourge and the austerity measures by government to improve the economy. He furthered that whenever journalists appear before the Commission they were always informed that journalism is a noble profession like any other profession. He, however lamented that some people are of the view that the IMC was created to punish journalists which he said was not true.
President of the Sierra Leone Association of Journalists (SLAJ) Kelvin Lewis assured the MRCG that SLAJ was fully supportive of the workshop , adding that it was because of the indiscriminate arrest and incarceration of journalists that led to the formation of the Sierra Leone Association of Journalists. He also noted that the Association still has problem with the government as well as colleague journalists who according to him ignore the ethics of the profession.
He advised that any matter that concerns a journalist should be referred to the IMC as a first port of call for arbitration and that the court should be the last resort when all options have been exhausted.
He lamented over the misuse of the social media by some members of the public and cautioned journalists to be professional in using the social media.
Mr. Tonya Musa, Lecturer in Mass Communications at Fourah Bay College (FBC) gave a public lecture on the topic; Why do Journalists need to worry about ethics?
Police say Edward Scheuerman, 61, of Paso Robles believed he was meeting for sexual acts with a person under 18. Santa Barbara County Sheriff's Office
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Plans to build dozens more homes in a Derbyshire village have been tipped for approval despite over 40 objections from locals.
Back in November, Providence Land submitted an application to South Derbyshire District Council to build up to 50 homes on farmland in Etwall.
The plot, which covers 21 acres and is bordered by Jacksons Lane and Egginton Road, to the south east of the village, is close to another new housing development, consisting of almost 200 homes being built by Bloor Homes.
On Tuesday, the district council's planning committee will meet to discuss the proposals - and a report compiled by planning officers for that meeting has recommended the scheme be approved.
This is subject to a Section 106 Agreement, designed to ensure developers contribute towards local amenities and infrastructure.
The recommendation comes despite 41 objections being lodged by residents - and objections from the parish council.
Areas of concern include the loss of greenfield land, added strain on local amenities and schools, extra traffic, flooding risk and the lack of low-cost housing within the scheme.
However, planners argue that the land in question has already been earmarked for housing in the district council's local plan - and that the issues highlighted can be overcome.
Their report states: “The starting point for assessment here is that the principle of development, and thus the principle of some of the associated impacts, has been accepted by way of allocating the site in the Local Plan.
(Image: Google)
“The proposal accords with the specific criteria of the allocation policy and provides benefits in terms of adding to housing supply, facilitating an expansion of public space and routes and providing contributions which can improve the lifestyles of others beyond the site boundaries.
“While there would be some less desirable impacts in terms of loss of archaeological features, these matters are not considered weighing significantly in balance to counter the presumption to support the application.
“None of the other matters raised through the publicity and consultation process amount to material considerations outweighing the assessment of the main issues set out above.”
Providence Land had previously put forward plans to build 98 homes on the site but in March, 2016, decided to withdraw those proposals.
(Image: Node Urban Design)
According to the latest planning application, submitted by Node Urban Design, on behalf of Providence, the scheme would be accessed off Egginton Road.
It said: “The development will have a mix of accommodation types of differing size and arrangement, but primarily detached.
“The scheme will provide modern homes with a range of house types, predominantly family housing, which will help meet local housing requirements.
“The proposal would create a high quality new residential development in a sustainable and logical location where new residents would assist in supporting existing services within Etwall.
“The proposed residential use on the site is compatible with existing uses within the local area.”
We've launched our very own app for Android and Apple devices which can be tailored to deliver the news and sport that you're interested in.
To download the IOS app click here.
To download the Android app click here.
A manhunt is underway in Turkey for an unknown attacker who opened fire on New Year's revelers in an Istanbul nightclub.
At least 39 clubgoers were killed and nearly 70 were hospitalized after the suspect entered the Reina nightclub early Sunday and started shooting. The victims hailed from 14 countries, according to Turkey's semi-official news agency Anadolu.
Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim said he believes the attacker will be found soon.
“There is strong coordination and we will find him, no delay,” he told reporters gathered outside an Istanbul hospital, where Yildirim had been visiting people injured in the attack.
Despite no group yet claiming responsibility, Turkish authorities quickly characterized the attack as the work of terrorists.
“We are face to face with a terror attack,” Interior Minister Suleyman Soylu told reporters Sunday morning, adding, “the efforts to locate the terrorist are ongoing. Security forces have begun the necessary operations. God willing soon (the attacker) will be apprehended.”
World leaders, including Pope Francis, condemned the shooting. US officials also called it a terrorist attack, making it the first of 2017.
(CNN)
Hundreds of All Progressives Congress (APC) members converged on the Bishop Aggey Sports Centre in Mushin, Lagos on Monday where one of the party chieftains, Dr Muiz Banire, was expected to appear before a Ward disciplinary committee.
Newsmen report that the crowd, however, waited in vain to see Banire, as he failed to show up before the committee.
Ward C, Alafia/Adeoyo in Ilasamaja, in a letter dated July 10 and which was circulated Aug. 10, had asked Banire to meet the committee at the venue on Monday.
The ward, in the letter signed by Badru Olaide, the ward secretary. said Banire should come and answer questions and allegations against him by some party members.
The Ward had invited interested members of the public to the event and urged guests to be seated by 9.45 a.m.
After a long wait with no word from Banire or a representative at the venue on Monday, the four-man committee headed by Mr Bolaji Abbas, decided to kick-start the proceeding.
The secretary of the committee, Alhaji Laide Badru, told the gathering that Banire was duly served invitation to appear and that the committee got proof that the invitation was received.
“We sent the invitation to him by DHL and we got a receipt, which is proof that he got our invitation.
“Also we published the invitation in major newspapers as well as other prominent platforms. So we are sure he is aware,'' he said.
Dr Wunmi Bewaji, a former member of the House of Representatives and counsel to the committee, assured that the committee would be fair, even in Banire's absence.
“We will be fair even though we cannot force anybody to appear before the committee. We will be fair,'' he said.
Mr Olukayode Tolu, one of the two members who had petitioned against Banire, said during the hearing said his action had become inevitable.
He said though he co-wrote the petitions that led to the setting up of the committee, all members of the ward supported his action.
Tolu said members of Banire's ward were tired of his activities in the state and the party, hence the petition.
“The ward is the most important component of the structure of any party. Yes, you can be at the National level, but the ward is the most important.
“Banire has not attended any meeting at the ward for the past two years and he has not paid any dues.
“Also, his activities shortly before the last council election in the state, smacked of anti-party,'' he alleged.
Tolu said that Banire was not bigger than the party and should be disciplined.
“On behalf of all APC members in Mushin Ward C, I pray the committee to suspend him from the party for 10 years and that he should never be allowed to hold any post in the party again,'' he said.
A large number of people at the gathering rose in support of the prayer even as the second petitioner, Mr Ayodele Adebayo, endorsed everything Tolu had said.
Bewaji struggling to control anti-Banire chants that had rent the air, said the committee would deliberate on the issue and come up with a recommendation.
He said the committee would do a thorough job based on the facts on ground.
Bewaji said the committee would do its work without let or hindrance and that the recommendation would be out soon.
NAN reports that the party in the ward had a few weeks ago announced the suspension of Banire over the same allegations.
The National Working Committee of the party, however, nullified the suspension, saying the ward executive committee lacked the power to suspend a national officer.
Banire, who is the party's National Legal Adviser, had also described his suspension as `laughable,' saying it was aimed at stopping him from insisting on internal democracy in the state chapter.
NAN
Few singers can match the career of the multi-octave superstar Mariah Carey, the winner of five Grammys who has sold more than 200 million records worldwide.
But sometimes, life gets a little strange in the spotlight.
She cursed on television during a 2013 appearance in Central Park that aired on “Good Morning America,” a performance also disrupted by a tear in the back of her dress. While singing “Always Be My Baby” on the “Today” show in 2014, she seemed to suffer from temporary voice freeze, as her mouth moved but for several seconds no sounds came out.
TV watchers also remember her wacky “ice cream cart” cameo on MTV and the sight of her needing four people to put on her shoes during a scene from the reality program “Mariah's World.” Then there was the humiliation of “Glitter,” Carey's disastrous 2001 foray into film stardom, which was lambasted by the critics and public alike.
But nothing quite compares to the meltdown of New Year's Eve, a case of what could be called “Auld Lang-ziety.”
A representative for Carey cited technical difficulties for a disastrous appearance on “Dick Clark's New Year's Rockin' Eve with Ryan Seacrest,” which aired on ABC and was the subject of widespread mockery on social media. Commentators called the fiasco a fitting end to a traumatic year for the music industry, marked by the deaths of Prince, David Bowie and George Michael, among others. One tweeter, referring to the 2016 presidential campaign, joked that Carey's show had been hacked by the Russians.
Carey began with a brief, flawless “Auld Lang Syne” before descending into a show business nightmare. Her mood seemed to range from frustration to resignation as she struggled with the pre-recorded musical tracks. Telling revelers jammed into Times Square there had been no sound check for her hit song “Emotions,” she lamented that “we're missing some of these vocals, but it is what it is.”
“Let the audience sing,” she decided as she paced the stage. “I'm trying to be a good sport here,” she said, adding her own sarcastic review of the performance.
The next song, “We Belong Together,” went no better. At times, she lowered the microphone from her mouth and the music, vocals and all, kept playing, making it clear she was lip-synching.
“Unfortunately there was nothing she could do to continue with the performance given the circumstances,” Carey spokeswoman Nicole Perna said Sunday.
Carey later tweeted about the night, starting with a brief profanity, throwing in a couple of sad emojis and concluding with, “Here's to making more headlines in 2017.”
Ricky Willis and his wife Naomi were once £43,000 ($81,000) in debt after maxing out several credit cards and taking out a high interest payday loan to help with repayments.
But just four years later, the couple are living debt free.
Speaking to The Sun, Ricky, 39, from Tunbridge Wells, Kent, revealed how he had to scrimp and save to pay back his debt by setting aside money every month and making "lots of sacrifices".
The couple, who have two daughters, cut down on non-essential bills and trawled through websites looking for freebies.
Advertisement
Ricky says he feels a huge amount of "freedom" now he is debt free, and their money struggles inspired him to start his popular blog Skint Dad.
The couple's problems began when Ricky was made redundant from his machine operator job at a printing firm, and then Naomi, 34, lost her insurance job a year later.
They began taking out credit cards to cover living costs before maxing them out and opening more.
Ricky said: "Being in debt just became normal. We felt pressure as we realised we were getting trapped into a cycle of debt, but couldn't see a way out."
They decided to take out a payday loan to help pay off the debt but it came with huge interest and they were only adding on to what they already owed.
They realised they were at breaking point when they had no other options and had run out of food.
A week before Naomi's last payday they had just £6.20 ($11.80) to his name and only had four nappies left for their baby daughter.
He previously wrote on his blog: "When you're faced with a situation like that, what is the first thing you do? Well, the first thing we did was panic, then cry, then panic again."
Their first step was to take stock of how much food they had left, and realised they could feed their children for four days if they skipped some meals themselves.
Once the food was gone they spent their last remaining money on nappies, pasta and frozen food to eat for the rest of the week.
Ricky said: "We wanted to savour every penny and not let it go. For the first time – in probably forever – that money was the most precious thing in our lives."
To take control of their debts they set up individual payment plans with all their creditors, cut back on all on their outgoings and started looking for ways to bring in extra cash.
They looked on websites like Freecycle for freebies and would try to save a little money every month.
In 2013 they set up Skint Dad in which Ricky advises readers on how to save money, and the family are not debt free.
Ricky admitted: "It takes hard work, determination and a lot of sacrifice.
"But it's worth it, just for the feeling of freedom when your money becomes your money, and you can start planning a life being debt free."
The number of complaints about high-cost credit has reached its highest level on record, raising concerns about how lenders treat vulnerable consumers.
In 2017-18, the number of complaints about consumer credit rose by 40 per cent to just over 36,300, according to the Financial Ombudsman Service (FOS).
More than half related to payday loans, with customers warning the ombudsman about irresponsible lending and unaffordable loans.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Plans for a new restaurant and hotel as part of a multi-million pound development in Walsall have been approved.
Proposals for a five-storey 60-bed Travelodge, with a ground floor restaurant, and a two-storey McDonald's, with a drive-through, have been accepted in the town centre.
A ‘top class extra tuition education facility' and ‘further retail /cafe bar and restaurant' are also being lined up for the derelict site opposite the Tesco Extra store, near Walsall College in Littleton Street.
Walsall Council has described the £9 million development being accepted as 'brilliant news' and revealed it will create 100 new jobs.
Simon Neilson, executive director for economy and environment at the council, has said: “It is very encouraging that the momentum of regeneration in Walsall is continuing with such investment complementing that already seen in the town centre and waterfront.”
Tom Wilcox, development director at Cordwell Property Group, which is heading the scheme, said: “This is incredibly exciting for Walsall. I really think this is the last little piece in the jigsaw.
“The high profile nature of the site has continued to attract more brand names to the town, which has seen vast improvements along the Littleton Street corridor with the new college, business and sports hub, Jhoots HQ, whg and Tesco.
“All of these have helped to rejuvenate this important quarter and our scheme introducing a different leisure-based offer will only improve the area increasing business tourism spend in the town.”
Tony O'Brien, UK development director for Travelodge Hotels, said: “Walsall was an obvious choice for our expansion in order to provide good quality, great value hotel accommodation and the new Travelodge will provide this in a great location.”
2:23 One arrest as protesters block DeVos from D.C. middle school Pause
3:36 Treasury Secretary Mnuchin announces Venezuela sanctions
0:46 Dozens rally at Tacoma's Northwest Detention Center after Seattle arrest
0:51 Trump administration eases Russian sanctions to allow U.S. tech exports
4:47 Former heroin addict talks about low point, rehab
1:30 Trump issues executive order to begin rolling back Obamacare
1:03 Prescription drugs ─ the changing face of addiction
1:53 Do we live in one of America's unhealthiest states?
1:28 What's it like to run the California International Marathon?
HUNTERSVILLE, NC--(Marketwired - Apr 17, 2017) - The month of March ushered in a warm welcome for the new Roosters Men's Grooming Center (MGC) that opened in Torrence Village, close to Novant Health.
"We owe a great deal of appreciation to the Huntersville Chamber of Commerce for supporting us in our official ribbon cutting and grand opening celebration," said Susan Longworth, co-owner of the store with husband Jack Longworth. "As a new business in town, they were very helpful in getting the word out."
This is the second store location for the couple, who also own Roosters MGC in Greenville, South Carolina.
Roosters MGC provides custom grooming services for men of all ages, including precision haircuts and shaves with hot steam towels, deep cleansing facial massages, moisturizing lotions, along with Aveda hair and skin care products for men.
For upcoming graduations, weddings and anniversaries, Roosters' team of experienced barbers and stylists is happy to give personal consultations and ensure all the guys feel and look their best for these special events.
Roosters Men's Grooming Center is open from 9 a.m. to 7 p.m. Monday through Friday, 9 a.m. to 4 p.m. Saturday, and closed on Sunday. To schedule an appointment or purchase a gift card, call 704-727-0386. Walk-ins are always welcome.
Located at 9818 Gilead Road in Torrence Village, Roosters MGC in Huntersville is one of more than 80 franchises nationwide. The first Roosters MGC was opened in Lapeer, Mich., in 1999 by Master Barber and Founder Joe Grondin, who strives to give customers the best in men's personal grooming services to ensure the experience brings you back. Roosters MGC is part of the worldwide family of Regis companies. For more information, visit www.RoostersMGC.com.
Governor Andrew Cuomo is asking New Yorkers to join him in signing a petition that calls on President Donald Trump to condemn and denounce white supremacy.
Cuomo announced the petition on Sunday, following the Charlottesville riots.
"After the deadly and ugly events in Charlottesville I am calling on President Trump to clearly and unequivocally condemn and denounce the violent protest organized by the white supremacists andneo-Nazis, including Richard Spencer and Jason Kessler, with support from David Duke. President Trump must immediately call this for what it is - no cover, no euphemisms." — Cuomo
Cuomo said lets remind President Trump that hate has no sides, and violence has no peace.
Police investigate double homicide at apartment complex at E. Rome and Pecos in North Las Vegas. Feb. 2, 2018. (Photo: Peter Dawson/ FOX5)
A man has been arrested in connection with a deadly shooting in North Las Vegas Friday.
The incident happened at about 5 a.m. at an apartment complex in the 3300 block of East Rome Boulevard near Pecos Road.
Arriving officers found two victims, an unidentified African-American man, who died at the scene, and a 43-year-old African-American woman, who was transported to University Medical Center with critical injuries, according to police. She later died at the hospital.
Citing the preliminary investigation, police said there was a loud argument between the woman and the suspect, identified as Caleb Maxey, 50. Witnesses then heard multiple gunshots followed by silence. The investigation revealed Maxey and the woman had a prior domestic relationship where Maxey was previously arrested for stalking.
After a few hours following the shooting, the FBI Criminal Apprehension Team located Maxey in the 700 block of East Naples Drive, near Harmon Avenue and Swenson Street, where he was taken into custody.
Maxey was booked for two counts of open murder with a deadly weapon and one count of aggravated stalking.
Anyone with information is urged to contact the North Las Vegas Police Department at 702-633-9111. To remain anonymous, call Crime Stoppers at 702-385-5555.
Copyright 2018 KVVU (KVVU Broadcasting Corporation). All rights reserved.
Dallas Stars play-by-play Dave Strader listens to broadcast partner Daryl "Razor" Reaugh before a game between the Dallas Stars and Tampa Bay Lightning at American Airlines Center in Dallas on Saturday, February 18, 2017. Strader has been battling bile duct cancer and this is his first game back since last season. (Vernon Bryant/The Dallas Morning News)
Here is the press release:
TORONTO (April 17, 2017) - Scott Burnside, President of the Professional Hockey Writers' Association, and Chuck Kaiton, President of the NHL Broadcasters' Association, announced today that Cam Cole will receive the Elmer Ferguson Award for excellence in hockey journalism, and Dave Strader will receive the Foster Hewitt Memorial Award for outstanding contributions as a hockey broadcaster.
Cole's 41-year career began after he left Vegreville, Alberta to attend the University of Alberta, where he worked for the college newspaper, the Gateway. He began covering high school sports, soccer and the AJHL for the Edmonton Journal putting him in place to chronicle the Edmonton Oilers' dynasty years as the paper's general sports columnist. Cole also worked in Toronto for the National Post and in Vancouver for the Vancouver Sun, where his distinct, smart and authoritative voice brought a sane perspective to the sometimes crazy world of sport. He retired in 2016 after a distinguished career that included coverage of more than 30 Stanley Cup finals and 16 Olympic Games.
"For 20 years I have had the pleasure of calling Cam Cole co-worker, colleague and best of all a friend and couldn't imagine a more worthy recipient of the 2017 Elmer Ferguson Award," said Burnside. "Cam's elegant and thoughtful prose has long been savored by fans of all sports but at the heart of it Cam's always been a hockey guy chronicling the rise of the Edmonton Oilers in the 1980s and sharing his unique perspective on the sport covering 30 Stanley Cup finals. Blessed with a wry wit and a graceful way of conveying even the most pointed criticism Cam is widely regarded as one of the greatest Canadian sports writers of all time. You'll get no argument from this quarter."
Dave Strader, a native of Glens Falls, New York, earned a degree in communications from the University of Massachusetts -Amherst. His career began in 1979 with the AHL Adirondack Red Wings. In 1985, Strader was brought to Detroit to broadcast Red Wing games until 1996. He then moved to national prominence when he was hired as one of the primary hockey voices at ESPN. He then went on to work at ABC and through the 2014-2015 for NBC as a play-by-play man at the 2006 Torino and 2014 Sochi Olympic games, as well as for the Florida Panthers, Arizona Coyotes and most recently the Dallas Stars.
"Dave is extremely worthy of this distinction as his body of work, both locally and nationally, has thrilled millions of hockey fans all around North America and Europe," said Chuck Kaiton, President of the NHLBA. "He is a very deserving winner of the Foster Hewitt Memorial Award, and the NHL Broadcasters' Association is proud to have him represent us."
Cole and Strader will receive their awards at the "Hockey Hall of Fame NHL Media Awards Luncheon" in Toronto on Monday, November 13, 2017, and their award plaques will be displayed in the Esso Great Hall at the Hockey Hall of Fame alongside past award recipients.
Recipients of these awards, as selected by their respective associations, are recognized by the Hockey Hall of Fame as "Media Honourees" ─ a separate distinction from individuals inducted as "Honoured Members" who are elected by the Hockey Hall of Fame Selection Committee.
The 2017 Hockey Hall of Fame Induction Weekend begins on Friday, November 10, 2017, culminating with the Induction Celebration on Monday, November 13, 2017. This year's inductees will be announced on Monday, June 26, 2017.
Named in honour of the late Montreal newspaper reporter, the Elmer Ferguson Memorial Award was first presented in 1984 by the Professional Hockey Writers' Association in recognition of distinguished members of the hockey writing profession whose words have brought honour to journalism and to the game of hockey.
Named in honour of the late "Voice of Hockey" in Canada, the Foster Hewitt Memorial Award was first presented in 1984 by the NHL Broadcasters' Association in recognition of members of the radio and television industry who have made outstanding contributions to their profession and to the game of hockey.
With summer in full swing, it's time for a relaxing lunch al fresco in Wine Cask's courtyard. And what better reason to take a leisurely lunch than to support Santa Barbara's primary resource for the LGBT community?
This July, Wine Cask is partnering with the Pacific Pride Foundation through its Charity Lunch Promotion and will donate 10 percent of all guest checks when they mention this local nonprofit organization, dedicated to providing comprehensive health and social services to the LGBT community and those infected with or at risk for HIV/AIDS.
Timed perfectly to coincide with the recent Supreme Court rulings surrounding gay marriage rights, Wine Cask is excited to help to celebrate and support by partnering with this important local agency.
The Pacific Pride Foundation is celebrating LGBT Pride this July with its annual Pacific Pride Festival on July 13 at Leadbetter Beach.
The festival aims to foster visibility and unite the LGBT community and their allies for a day of celebration. The festival also raises funds to support its LGBT services, including youth resources, sensitivity trainings, counseling, advocacy and support groups.
In addition, PPF is the leading resource for those living with, affected by or at risk for HIV/AIDS in Santa Barbara County, providing case management, two food pantries, testing services, and prevention and education.
Wine Cask is proud to advance these efforts to provide health and social services for the LGBT community in Santa Barbara. All guests need to do is mention Pacific Pride Foundation, and Wine Cask will make sure 10 percent of their bill goes to the nonprofit's programs.
So celebrate the summer weather with a lunch in Wine Cask's historic courtyard while supporting the Pacific Pride Foundation's work.
— Jennifer Guess is a publicist representing Wine Cask.
STRIKE ACTION: Ryanair pilots claim the airline doesn't take their grievances seriously
RYANAIR pilots have voted to back strike action, putting holiday flights at risk.
Members of the Irish Airline Pilots' Association at the low-cost airline voted almost unanimously in favour with 99 per cent supporting downing the tools.
The union said Ryanair was not taking their demands over working and pay conditions and how annual leave is dealt with.
Some 120 union members, most of them captains, are directly employed by Ryanair and are able to strike.
The Dublin-based airline said it would contact customers affected if the strike goes ahead and has invited the union to its offices for talks.
A Ryanair spokesperson said in a statement “Since Ireland accounts for less than 7 percent of Ryanair flights, we expect that 93 percent of our customers will be unaffected by any strike.”
Pilots are planning to down the tools for 24 hours from 1 am on Thursday, July 12.
The budget airline also faces strike threats from cabin crew members across Europe, who are calling for Ryanair to follow labour laws in each country staff are employed and to guarantee the same conditions for agency workers.
Steve Hansen's statement before today's test against South Africa that Jerome Kaino's days as an Black aren't over yet wouldn't have told the loose forward anything he didn't know but it is a sign for everyone else that he is on the brink of overcoming another challenge - and he's had a few.
The 34-year-old Kaino is nearing the end of his rugby career and had probably been overtaken by Liam Squire (and some would say Vaea Fifita) before leaving Sydney on the morning of the test against the Wallabies two months ago to attend to his family after a lurid story in one of the tabloids across the ditch.
His last test was the draw against the British & Irish Lions and he wasn't required for this morning's test against the Springboks in Cape Town, but Hansen has hinted strongly that he will be involved in the third Bledisloe Cup test against Australia in Brisbane in a fortnight and next month's tour to Europe.
"He'll get an opportunity, he just has to wait," Hansen said. "Liam Squire has played outstanding. We left him at home to give him a rest and freshen him up for this game so it would be pointless just to chuck JK in. There's a test match in a couple of weeks and quite a few games on the northern tour so JK will get opportunities in those games at some point."
Advertisement
Most rugby followers would agree that the 81-test veteran deserves to go out on his own terms because while he developed into a defensive powerhouse who won two World Cups (and excelled in both tournaments), he hasn't always had it easy.
He had an uncertain start to his career, making his starting debut against Ireland at Eden Park in 2006 and he didn't play another test until exactly two years later - against England in Wellington.
Straight after that test in Auckland he travelled down the motorway to his parents' house in Papakura, where he still lived, believing he wouldn't play another test. Walking into the lounge and seeing the faces of his father and uncles before the television, he felt they believed the same thing.
Kaino perservered, though, and luckily for him the chances kept coming. The same appears to be on the horizon for him now.
All Blacks coach Graham Henry kept the faith despite a drink driving conviction in 2008 - just as he was attempting to establish himself at the top level again - which threatened to turn his life upside down and forced him to examine his relationship with alcohol.
After a big night out with a mate, Kaino was behind the wheel the next morning when he failed to see a car stopping at a pedestrian crossing and hit it. He blew 834 micrograms of alcohol per litre of breath - the legal limit is 400.
Kaino was fined, lost his licence for six months, and was ordered to undergo counselling. After his day in court he had to face the All Blacks coaches.
He wrote in his autobiography My Story: "He [Henry] didn't blow me up but he and the coaches were pretty disappointed that I was drinking on a week off when I should have been focusing on preparing for the Springboks, the current world champions and one of our toughest rivals. And as for getting in the car the morning after a big night, well, that speaks for itself. I could tell when I looked into Wayne Smith's eyes that I had really let him down because he and the other coaches had stuck their necks out to pick me that year, and that was how I repaid them. Their main concern rugby-wise was if I was preparing to play the Springboks - and I would probably only get one crack at it - why was I drinking at 5 o'clock in the morning? They couldn't get their heads around it and I had no answer to it."
As a man with genuine life experience, Kaino still has plenty to offer an All Black team in a re-building phase. Fortunately for him, that is likely to soon happen on the pitch, a place where he's always felt most comfortable.
● Herald writer Patrick McKendry assisted Jerome Kaino with his autobiography which was published in 2015.
Market Overview:
Shiitake Mushroom Market is projected to reach USD 26.7 billion by 2022 and it will grow at a CAGR of 15.31% over the forecast period. In Asia Pacific, shiitake mushroom is majorly marketed in China which alone holds the lion's share of 97% of the total Asia Pacific shiitake mushroom market. Asia Pacific alone captures 82.54% market share in the year 2017.
Shiitake mushroom is originated in East Asia which has led to a positive impact in the growth of shiitake mushroom in Asia Pacific. Moreover, increase in application of shiitake mushroom owing to the nutritional and medicinal attributes associated with it is encouraging the growth of shiitake market. Shiitake mushroom is a good source of vitamin B & D and is beneficial for various health benefits including its ability to aid weight loss, support cardiovascular health, fight cancer cells, improve energy levels and brain function, reduce inflammation, and support the immune system.
Try Sample Report Here @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/sample_request/4731
Major Key Players:
This report includes a study of strategies such as mergers, acquisitions, and product launches by the major shiitake mushroom market players. It further includes product portfolios, developments of leading players, which includes
Bonduelle SA (France)
Mitoku Company, Ltd. (Japan)
Agro Dutch Industries Ltd. (India)
The Mushroom Company (U.S.)
Modern Mushroom Farms (U.S.)
Hirano Mushroom LLC (Kosovo) and
Banken Champignons (the Netherlands)
Target Audience:
Shiitake mushroom manufacturers
Food industry
Pharmaceutical Industry
Personal care products manufacturers
Retailers, wholesalers and distributors
Traders, importers and exporters
Key Findings:
Global shiitake mushroom market is projected to reach USD 35.4 billion by 2023 at a growth rate of 15.31%
Dried shiitake mushroom is witnessed to have the highest growth rate with CAGR of 14% over the forecast period 2017-2023
Fresh shiitake mushroom is expected to grow at a CAGR of 15.59% in Asia Pacific followed by North America over the forecast period.
Application of shiitake mushroom is projected to witness the highest growth rate in pharmaceutical industry followed by cosmetic industry over the estimated period.
The reports also cover country level analysis:
North America
U.S.
Canada
Mexico
Access Report Details @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/reports/shiitake-mushroom-market-4731
Europe
The Netherlands
Germany
Poland
U.K.
France
Italy
Spain
Rest of Europe
Asia Pacific
Australia
China, mainland
India
Indonesia
Japan
Republic of Korea
Viet Nam
Rest of APAC
RoW
ROCKY MOUNT, N.C. (WNCT) — A Silver Alert has been issued for a missing Rocky Mount man.
George Michael Butts was last seen at 730 Marigold Street in Rocky Mount.
He is believed to be suffering from dementia or some other cognitive impairment, according to the alert.
He was last seen wearing all-dark clothing and may be heading toward either 304 Mill Branch Road in Sharpsburg or 540 Cokey Road in Rocky Mount.
If seen, call the Rocky Mount Police Department at 252-972-1411.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get What's On updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Want to know where to go to get a great pint in Birmingham within a five minute walk of getting off the train at New Street Station?
Birmingham city centre is packed with brilliant pubs serving a selection of beers and great food and many are within five minutes of exiting Grand Central Station.
So where are these revered watering holes and how long does it take from leaving the exit at New Street to get to each one with a brisk walk?
We have picked the traditional boozers where you could get a decent pint but you don't have to veer too far away from the station.
The Shakespeare Inn
Lower Temple Street
The Shakespeare is the closest pub exiting New Street Railway Station. It is a traditional pub of unique character, revered for its eclectic range of real ales and its quality pub food boasting a range of different menus.
The Shakespeare is a Victorian building very much at the heart of the city and perfect for a visit if you are in desperate need of a drink after a rail journey. It has seating outside - if and when it gets sunny!
How many minutes from New Street Station ? 21 seconds
The Trocadero
Temple Street
This reputedly haunted pub is steeped in history and used to be a fire station.
The Grade II listed, work-of-art ceramic exterior is still very special.
It has a variety of real ales on offer and an extensive menu.
How many minutes from New Street Station ? 1 minute 4 seconds
The Sun on The Hill
Bennetts Hill
(Image: Graham Young)
The Sun On The Hill has regular entertainment including live music, local DJs, and the latest sports.
You can tuck into a juicy burger, share your favourite pick & mix dishes or try freshly baked flatbreads.
Serving from 10am until 8pm seven days a week, you can start your day off with a big breakfast, pop in for lunch on your break, or see out the weekend with a homemade Sunday roast.
How many minutes from New Street Station ? 1 minute 34 seconds
There are more pubs in and below the map
Traditional pubs near New Street station View fullscreen
The Briar Rose
Bennetts Hill
This large city centre Wetherspoon's pub was formerly the first branch of the Abbey National. It is a simple, nicely decorated pub that has a 40 room Wetherlodge above it.
Children are allowed in before 9pm providing they are having a meal. The guest beer range can feature one brewery at a time or carry a common theme and often features local micro breweries.
How many minutes from New Street Station ? 1 minute 36 seconds
Post Office Vaults
New Street
(Image: Graham Young)
This subterranean pub offers a range of eight traditional beers in excellent condition.
At least 350 different bottled beers are also available from all over the world, one of the largest ranges in the country, as well as 14 ciders and perries. The extremely knowledgeable staff will make your visit a pleasure.
How many minutes from New Street Station ? 2 minutes 19 seconds
The Old Joint Stock
Temple Row West
(Image: Graham Young)
The Old Joint Stock is is one of the most beautiful pubs in the city with an impressive Victorian façade and interior and a small back terrace. The interior is impressively flamboyant; there's also a big dining balcony up a grand sweeping staircase. For you real ale lovers the pub serves Fullers ESB, London Pride, Olivers Island and Seafarers on handpump. They also do great pies!
(Image: Graham Young)
How many minutes from New Street Station ? 2 minutes 32 seconds
The Wellington
Bennetts Hill
Recently refurbished and extended, with an additional upstairs bar and roof terrace beer garden, this multiple award-winner is a veritable beer festival every day.
Sixteen ales and three traditional ciders are on handpump, and a wide selection of bottled beers and whiskies is served to a varied clientele by knowledgeable staff.
Regular quizzes, cheese nights and darts competitions are held.
No food is served, but you are welcome to bring your own – plates, cutlery and condiments provided.
How many minutes from New Street Station ? 2 minutes 35 seconds
The Square Peg
Corporation Street
(Image: Graham Young)
The Square Peg is a very popular watering hole and is heaving most times of the day.
The JD Wetherspoon boozer is sited sited in the former Lewis's department store, at 82½ feet boasts the longest bar in Birmingham.
The food is typical Wetherspoon's fayre and the pub boasts lots of real ales on offer.
How many minutes from New Street Station ? 3 minutes 57 seconds
The Peaky Blinder
Corporation Street
(Image: Nick Wilkinson)
The pub opened as homage to the show Peaky Blinders in 2014 and one of its most in-demand tipples is the Peaky Blinder cocktail, whisky and blackcurrant - apparently based on drinking habits of the 1920s era in which the BBC drama is set.
The blackcurrant drink is produced by Mr O'Rourke, his mum Dee and pal Junior Smith under the banner of JTD Drinks Distribution Ltd, and features an eye-catching design by Birmingham graffiti artist Temper.
All of the pub staff wear the distinctive caps sported by Tommy Shelby and his gang. And many of the customers turn up in the hats, too.
(Image: Birmingham Mail)
A camera is being kept in the bar so that drinkers can take their own snaps of their Peaky Speakeasy experience if they want to.
It recently also opened a speakeasy bar in the basement- hidden behind a bookcase.
How many minutes from New Street Station ? 4 minutes 55 seconds
The Old Royal
Church Street
(Image: Jason Skarratt)
Queen Elizabeth's grandmother once spent a night at this pub at the heart of the city's business district.
As well as serving up to five cask ales, the menu includes breakfast every day until noon as well as classic dishes, burgers, steaks and skillets – a 10oz sirloin is £9.99 or it's £11.79 for a ‘mega mixed grill'.
The two-for-£8 deals include fish and chips, 7oz gammon steak and vegetarian sausage and mash and there's free wi-fi, too.
You can also get a sarnie and a pint for just over £5, which is not a bad deal.
How many minutes from New Street Station ? 4 minutes 58 seconds
Enjoy eating out? Check out restaurant recommendations and book on TripAdvisor and the Gourmet Society
Monday's hardware headlines will largely be dominated by AMD's new Vega graphics cards (you can check out our review here) but the day also has something in store for Nvidia users in the form of new drivers.
The GeForce 385.28 WHQL drivers are specifically optimized for Agents of Mayhem, Crossout and Killing Floor: Incursion from Volition, Gaijin Entertainment and Tripwire Interactive, respectively.
The latest drivers also address a handful of performance and stability issues including a bug that kept GPU clock speeds elevated after exiting Doom with a GTX 1070, a performance drop in Call of Duty: Infinite Warfare, a “file missing” error that could crop up when installing new drivers through GeForce Experience and low GPU usage in SLI mode on the X299 platform, just to name a few.
As it is pretty much always the case, the drivers also introduce a handful of new problems (and don't resolve every known issue). For example, with a GTX 970, users may experience a frame rate drop when playing Quantum Break while GTX 1080 owners running G-Sync could run into stuttering when playing on an external display.
A full list of changes, fixes and known issues can be found in Nvidia's latest change log.
If you aren't set up for auto-updates, feel free to grab the GeForce 385.28 drivers over on our download page.
The investment will be used in Central London broadband to strengthen the broadband connection which ranks the 26th worst in Europe
London communications service provider, G.Network has received a £4.675 million investment from Albion Capital.
Based in Mayfair, G.Network specialises in affordable ultra-fast broadband connectivity to businesses across Central London who are driving a rapidly rising demand for data despite being the seventh worst European capital for average broadband speeds.
The investment from albion Capital will be used to connect 70 more streets to the G.Network fibre network in Central London with the priority given to streets with a lot of businesses on them after identifying 200 streets to connect.
G.Network co-founders Sasho Veselinski and David Sangster said: “This investment from Albion Capital, alongside its team's exceptional record in supporting growth companies, will enable us to deliver our market -leading service to more potential clients, at a faster rate.
“As we continue to build a loyal and committed customer base through Central London, we're ambitious about our objective to provide SMEs with affordable, ultrafast fibre broadband.”
Albion Capital investment director Adam Chirkowski said: “G.Network represents a compelling proposition for the enormous number of growing small and medium businesses in the capital, which are drastically under-served by existing IT infrastructure.”
Toon Blast Cheats – Learn Tips on how to Get Limitless Coins
Toon Blast is an intriguing puzzle primarily based game, which can be apt for all age groups. Created by Peak Games, the game has desirable cartoony graphics to draw the attention of youngsters. Your key objective inside the game would be to complete various puzzles by matching pieces on the grid and for that you just may perhaps will need the aid of Toon Blast Cheats. The game will let you sync amongst many devices, so you'll be able to start out playing the game where you left irrespective on the fact that you are using a mobile telephone or maybe a tablet. Get far more details about toon blast cheats
Making Combinations Of Blocks:
Inside the starting in the game, you can tap on all combinations which you come across within the grid. Having said that, in case you get started concentrating on producing specific combinations then it'll enable you to succeed speedily. If you make a mixture of five blocks, it can turn into a Rocket. A combo of seven blocks will turn into a Bomb and grouping of nine blocks will turn into a Disco Ball. To produce it easier for you personally to figure out special blocks around the grid, the symbol around the blocks will automatically transform into a Disco Ball, Rocket, or Bomb. So, preserve an eye on them!
Coins:
Coins and Boosters are incredibly very important currencies with the game. You could devote actual money to buy them or unlock Chests to earn them in limited amounts. Alternatively, you may consider making use of Toon Blast Cheats for acquiring good quantity of Coins and Boosters quickly.
Coming back to Chests, you'll find two types of Chests obtainable inside the game: Star Chest and Standard Chest. You'll be able to unlock the Typical Chest immediately after successfully completing ten levels. However, the Star Chest might be unlocked right after you earn 20 Stars inside the game. Having said that, you can find some criteria that needs to be followed for unlocking Star Chests like it is possible to acquire them following completing Level 7, only 3 can be acquired in every level, etc.
The very best strategy to obtain loads of Stars is by finishing the grid with the lowest variety of moves. If there are actually moves left at the end of the Level, then you definitely will earn Stars. Every move which is left right after finishing the job within the level is converted into a Rocket, which will award you with two,000 Points.
Lives:
The more the number of Lives you obtain, the longer you'll be capable of play the game! The simplest approach to procure Lives is by joining a group. Nonetheless, you are able to join a team only right after effectively finishing Level 20.
The community of Toon Blast is really a big one particular. You could either join an existing team or generate your own. To create a individual group, you are going to need to have a good amount of Coins. Furthermore, you might have to wait till other gamers join your team. Rather, it is actually superior to join an existing group that has loads of members. This will even save your Coins. If you want to spend Coins anywhere you need you may try Toon Blast Cheats
The members of the group are very useful mainly because they share their experiences as well as present tips the new gamers. Anytime you might be in require of Lives, you can ask group members to help you out. Lives can also be acquired by waiting for sometime because it regenerates automatically.
Gifting a Life to a gamer won't price you something. As an alternative, you may be rewarded with a Coin for every Life. So, anytime you may need a Life then ask for it and any time you have some extra Lives then present it to other gamers. Each and every player can gift as much as 5 Lives every single couple of hours. So, you'll be able to continue enjoying your game with no worrying about Lives.
Boosters:
Boosters are exceptionally crucial to clear several pieces at a time inside the grid. There are quite a few distinct types of Boosters accessible inside the game that can be made use of for enhancing your gameplay. Nevertheless, acquiring them is just not uncomplicated! It is possible to procure them once within a while by unlocking Frequent Chest or Star Chest, so you'll want to use them sparingly. In case that you are stuck up using a difficult level, then make use of the Booster otherwise begin playing the exact same level again using the hope of completing it inside the second time.
As an example; the Boxing Glove Booster is usually utilized for destroying each and every piece in an entire row. An Anvil Booster can clear an entire column in the grid whereas a Hammer Booster will destroy single blocks. Also, if you commence stages, you may get some Boosters which will be beneficial in turning a block into a Disco Ball, Rocket, or Bomb.
Listed Below Are Some Amazing Recommendations That can Make Your Toon Blast Game Simpler:
Ahead of you begin with matching blocks around the grid, analyze the board and see if there are actually pieces that can be grouped together to produce a combo. Each and every time you make a combo of four or far more blocks, you can be capable of generate a specific block.
After you obtain a Rocket and Bomb, try and have them adjacent to each other. This may allow you to combine particular pieces for any effective effect. For example; two Rockets with each other will allow you to delete two lines at when. Two Bombs collectively will produce a highly effective explosion. You can even produce combinations of various specific pieces.
A Rocket as well as a Bomb combo is definitely the finest remedy to wipe out three adjacent columns and rows. This combo can even be used for destroying objective connected blocks like bubbles or balloons. Similarly, if you make a combo out of a Bomb along with a Disco Ball, it's going to transform the color from the blocks and destroy a lot of the blocks around the grid.
Adjust the date and time on your gaming device to obtain Lives instantaneously. All you need to complete is move the time forward by a couple of hours. This trick will save you from wasting time in waiting for the Lives to regenerate on its own. Recall to change the time once more just after you finish playing the game for the day.
To conclude, Toon Blast is usually a exciting game that can preserve you busy with its a lot of challenges. So, join the crazy globe of Toon Blast and have a blast!
The market research highlights fundamental frameworks on Global Back Pressure Regulator Market gives the exhaustive affiliation between past and current market trends to predict future market values and tendencies of the market. The report is a well-defined and in-depth research of market along with the market status, growth rate, and trends. The market report comprises historical, current, and projected revenues for each sector, segment, end-user segment, and region. The key manufactures/business entities covered in the report AirCom Pneumatic, Circle Seal Controls, Emerson Process Management, FISHER REGULATORS, FRANKENBERG GmbH, Pressure Tech Limited, Partek Division.
The report begins with introducing the global Back Pressure Regulator market and segmentation analysis such as depend on the most significant dynamics containing drivers of the market, constraints, risks, opportunities, current trending factors, PEST and PROTER'S Five Forces survey, applications, topographical region markets, and competitive landscape. Macroeconomic and microeconomic features that currently overcome and also those that are witnessed to appear are involved in Back Pressure Regulator report. The research analysts working on the report have strongly analyzed expected changes in policy, industry news and expansions, and opportunities and trends – this information can be utilized by companies to extend their market existence.
Request for Sample Report @ https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-back-pressure-regulator-market/5899/#requestforsample
The report is actually made up of a combination of the important and the pertinent info of the worldwide market, for instance, key things responsible for the variation of demand with its services and products. The report states pioneering new developments and technological advancement, which empower our customers to structure they are long-term primarily based on innovative developments; settle on informative businesses options and also to perform the necessary fundamentals. The report provides the main region, market conditions with the product price, profit, capacity, production, supply, demand, and market growth rate and forecast etc. This report also Present new project SWOT analysis, investment feasibility analysis, and investment return analysis.
Geographically, this report is portioned into a few key Regions, with generation, utilization, income (million USD), piece of the pie and development rate in these areas, from 2018 to 2025 (gauge), covering United States, China, Europe, Japan, Southeast Asia, India and Rest of World.
Back Pressure Regulator Market Analysis by Product Type Segmentation: NPT Type Connection, RF Flange Type Connection.
Back Pressure Regulator Market Analysis by Application Segmentation: Centrifugal Pump, Diaphragm Metering Pump, Other.
Key points in the Back Pressure Regulator Market Report:
1) To gain insightful analyses of the Market and have a comprehensive understanding of the global market and its commercial landscape
2) Assess the production processes, major issues, and solutions.
3) Market strategies that are being adopted by leading respective organizations
4) The report gives specific analysis for rapidly changing dynamics of Industry.
5) To understand the future outlook and prospects for the market with Marketing & Price (Price and Margin, Factors of Price Change, Manufacturers Gross Margin Analysis).
Inquiry for Buying Report @ https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-back-pressure-regulator-market/5899/#inquiry
From all of this Back Pressure Regulator market information, the report serves guidance and strategies to the following Back Pressure Regulator market players: New players, stakeholders, marketing unit, administrative authorities and Back Pressure Regulator distributors/manufacturers. The market research analysis has been structured using vital data from industry expertize. Further, the comprehensive primary and secondary research information with which the report has been prepared helps provide the key statistic forecasts data, in both terms revenue and volume. In addition to this, the analysis of the latest trends and current revenue of the region-wise market in comparison to the market has been included in this report. This will provide a clear view of the readers that how the market will progress globally over the forecast period 2018-2023.
About Us
Index Markets Research conduct market research and publish reports. You can find more than 35,000 research reports in our web store, which covers global industry and the regional markets. All the worldwide marketing data you need is at your fingertips.
Contact Us
Mark Irwin
Sales Manager
Email Id: sales@indexmarketsresearch.com
Phone: +1 202 888 3519
Web: https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/
CTV Vancouver
Still on the fence about who to vote for in next month's provincial election? A New Westminster burger joint is once again inviting customers to vote with their gut in a "bun-official" poll.
Burger Heaven has designed three special hamburgers representing the leaders of B.C.'s major political parties, and is tallying up the purchases to determine who's the most popular candidate – in burger form, anyway.
As of Monday morning, the John Horgan Burger led the pack with 286 votes, followed by the Andrew Weaver Burger at 243 and the Christy Clark Burger at 186.
The NDP's leader's hamburger is described as a "Lean-to-the-Left" beef patty topped with "strong o(u)nions," mozzarella and "H-organ-ic mango habanero sauce."
"Lettuce lead and we'll Relish the opportunity to drain some fat out of the liberally cut slice of Bacon and make sure that if this burger eater 'works hard he or she is paid a fair wage,'" reads Burger Heaven's description.
Weaver's burger features organically grown tomato and lettuce, and, like his B.C. Green Party, has "come a long way to 'ketchup' in the political kitchen of popularity," the restaurant said.
Currently in last place, Clark's hamburger boasts a “Lean-to-the-Right” patty, a Liberal slab of cheddar cheese, special sauce and milder o(u)nions.
"According to the proverbial 'pipeline' this very well-seasoned burger also wants to lead again so as to continue to stimulate the economy and ensure that the minimum wage is raised for [Burger Heaven] servers," the eatery wrote.
Burger Heaven, which has been holding election polls for over two decades, also lets customers cast a secret ballot if they'd prefer to order off the regular menu.
As such, there are currently 66 "bun-decided" voters in the poll.
Santa Barbara business professionals can see the value in the newest features, but at least one user calls them an invasion of privacy
As Facebook continues to expand its strategic partnerships, such as its one with Yahoo!, the largest social network has a very realistic chance of replacing Google as the primary search engine, according to Santa Barbara entrepreneur and Noospheric founder Jacques Habra.
“The irony is, the only reason Google got into social networking is because the threat of Facebook replacing Google as the primary search engine,” he said. “That's a very realistic chance.”
The new Yahoo! News feature, which Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg released with the Facebook Open Graph on Thursday, automatically broadcasts what news friends are reading on Facebook and Yahoo!
A row of friends' faces appear above any article a user reads, displaying their recent activity. The “You on Yahoo News” widget features articles that have been read, and allows the option to remove stories from the feed and turn off the social feature altogether.
“Zuckerberg wants everything to filter through Facebook,” Habra said. “They will literally try to make partnerships with every top media entity so people will consume media through the Facebook platform.”
He said Facebook has the upper hand because people would rather listen to their friends than take advice from a machine.
“The question has become, do you trust content that is coming from Facebook that is supposedly approved or processed from a friend or a computer's organization of the supposed most relevant responses with Google?” Habra said.
The Yahoo! News feature is part of Facebook's Open Graph platform that essentially allows the sharing of all sorts of actions and information from different apps and services.
UCSB senior Melonie Karlsson, a nutrition major, called the updates invasive.
“Although it may be useful to find different stories one might not read on their own, it's more of an invasion of privacy,” she said. “If I want people to see what I'm reading I will post it to my wall and not have them know what I'm doing at all times.”
The Facebook Timeline is another update that revamped profiles by allowing users to highlight information shared on Facebook that they deem important.
“The Timeline is huge because for the longest time people were actually copying and pasting profile content on a blog to have an archive,” Habra said. “It can save a major step.”
From a business perspective, the Facebook updates will serve as a reminder for Santa Barbara businesses to use the social media tool, according to Web Marketing Therapy founder Lorrie Thomas.
“Especially being a small-business owner in Santa Barbara, people will realize they need to get in there and use social media,” she said. “Many businesses are still grossly behind the curve in terms of social media to build your brand and boost business.”
Facebook's updates are just another phase of the back-and-forth nature of the social network “boxing match,” Habra said.
“Every time Google Plus launches a new feature, Facebook's success will depend on how fast Facebook will respond with its own update,” he said. “That's what will make them the No. 1 site on the Internet.”
— Noozhawk business writer Alex Kacik can be reached at .(JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address) . Follow Noozhawk on Twitter: @noozhawk, @NoozhawkNews and @NoozhawkBiz. Connect with Noozhawk on Facebook.
A post shared by Aoki Lee Simmons (@aokileesimmons) on May 22, 2018 at 9:36pm PDT
The Cardiology Conference meet is proud to announce that its 3 day 27th European Cardiology Conference (Euro Cardiology 2018) will be held in Rome, Italy during October 22-24, 2018.
The conference will be the world's best platform for all the cardiologists, cardiac surgeons, medical practitioners, research scholars and clinical research organizations to encourage and explore the modern technologies in the eternal field of Cardiology.
The main theme of the conference is “Investigating Cardiological Research and Innovations”.
Euro Cardiology 2018 is designed to provide wide knowledge that will keep medical professionals alongside of the issues affecting the diagnosis, treatment of Cardiac disorders and prevention. In recent years, vascular and cardiac devices have been developed which helped for the treatment of cardiac disorders, replacement and repair therapy. Robotic surgeries for the cardiac and vascular surgery which has been favourable in a wide range. Cardiology is concerned with the characteristic usefulness of the heart and discrepancy from a normal heart. The market for cardiology and peripheral vascular devices is increasing day by day and the main factors underlying the growth of this market are population growth, increased incidence of cardiovascular disease, increasing demand for minimal procedures Invasive and technological advances.
Conference Highlights
Cardiovascular Disease and Nutrition
Heart Diseases
Cardiac Nursing
Cardiac surgery
Interventional Cardiology
Pediatric Cardiology
Cardiovascular Pharmacology
Coronary Heart Diseases
Cardiac Regeneration
Molecular Cardiology
Cardiac remodeling or Ventricular remodeling
Vascular Biology
Myocardial Infarction
Hypertension
Clinical Cardiology
Cardiac Rhythm Abnormalities
Cardiomyopathies
Cardiac Diagnostic Test
The counseling for admission in Uttar Pradesh's Lucknow University was closed on Wednesday until further orders after over a dozen of faculty members were attacked by unknown miscreants inside the campus premises.
The protesters apparently were Samajwadi Party workers demanding various changes in the admission procedure.
Dean Student Welfare and Proctor were among the faculty members, who got injured during the attack.
“All the students who are protesting do not belong to our university. Also, none of our students had anything to do with what happened today. This has been happening for the past three days. It has happened because of the carelessness of the district administration,” said Surendra Pratap Singh, Vice Chancellor, Lucknow University.
Following the incident, police arrested few of the protestors.
The university has been closed for now until actions are taken against those, who attacked the faculty members, VC said.
PARIS (AP) — Several U.S.-based climate scientists are about to win multi-year, all-expenses-paid grants to relocate to France.
The "Make Our Planet Great Again" grants are an effort by French President Emmanuel Macron to counter U.S. President Donald Trump on the climate change front. Macron announced a competition for the grants hours after Trump declared he would withdraw the U.S. from the global accord reached in Paris in 2015 to reduce climate-damaging emissions.
Macron is unveiling the winners Monday evening ahead of a climate summit Tuesday aimed at giving new impetus to the Paris accord and finding new funding to help governments and businesses meet its goals.
More than 50 world leaders are expected in Paris for the "One Planet Summit," co-hosted by the U.N. and the World Bank. Trump was not invited.
School yearbooks not only chronicle educational achievement and school tradition but also are an important part every school. For nearly two centuries, American students have produced yearbooks to commemorate the accomplishments of the school year and to compose a lasting record, written and pictorial, of classmates, teachers, and school staff.
In later years, alumni treasure their yearbooks for the memories they hold of times gone by and friends of long ago. The students who compile yearbooks likewise treasure all that the experience can teach them about teamwork, writing, the graphic arts, and business skills. The practical cooperation and specialization that students learn in yearbook production stand them in good stead when they enter college or pursue other opportunities.
The Congress by Public Law 100-105 has designated the week beginning October 4, 1987 as National School Yearbook Week, and has authorized and requested the President to issue a proclamation in observance of this event. President Ronald Reagan did hereby proclaim the week beginning October 4, 1987 as National School Yearbook Week.
We would like to honor and recognize all the students on the Plevna Annual Staff: Jessica Paul, Editor; Colter Peterson, Cole Edgell, Taylor Rieger, Dacy Buerkle, and Jenna Paul for their hard work, dedication to writing, photographing, organizing, designing, and creatively gathering and transferring all these wonderful school memories into our school annual.
/ Front page / News
+ Enlarge this image Dr Manoa Masi with his wife, Neli, and family members in Otago, New Zealand, in 1970. Picture: SUPPLIED
HE was an intellect, a man of great passion in music, especially ecclesiastical choral classical church songs, including church choral anthems, hymns, contemporary Christian praise songs and much more.
These were the words of the eldest daughter of the late Dr Manoa Baro Masi, Siteri Wainikesa, when she was asked to talk about her late father's life in music.
"He had so much passion for music, especially choral singing. I wish I had that kind of passion, but he will always be a role model in many ways for me, even though he at times showed his human frailties. And not only I, my siblings also looked up to him a lot including many of the people who he met and taught along the way," she said.
The following account of the late Dr Masi's musical life is based on the interview with Mrs Wainikesa and other members of the family and close family friends with references to an unfinished autobiography Dr Masi had started to write just before his demise in late 2012.
How it all started
We asked Mrs Wainikesa to talk about how it all started and she said: "I was very young then, but I think my father was still at Tamavua when church pastors the Reverend Osea Naisau came to Tamavua medical school to look for someone to teach the Tamavua Village church choir."
She said Reverend Naisau then turned to my father and said, "it's you".
"That was how my father's life of being a choir director (dauvulisere) started."
In his autobiography, Dr Masi wrote, "At first, I was surprised and I doubted myself if, I could do this with no formal education in music, no experience, but Reverend Naisau said, don't worry Masi, God will show you."
He said there were so many well-known church choir composers and trainers back then in Fiji.
"At this point my interest in choral and secular music had come alive and developed into a passion, a talent I first doubted, I had," he wrote.
Mrs Wainikesa said as her father's passion and love for church music developed and the family would end up spending Sundays or weekends at Tamavua Village preparing for the Sunday service and on choir practise nights, her father would come home very late.
Earlier years
Dr Masi, in his autobiography, recalled that most former students of Davuilevu/Lelean Memorial School were champion choir masters at that time under the leadership of two great music teachers, namely Sir Josua Rabukawaqa and Anare Raiwalui.
"Because Sir Josua Rabukawaqa was my teacher at Suva Methodist Boys School my interest in singing had begun then before shifting to Queen Victoria School (Nanukuloa 1945).
"Later Master Eremasi Tamanisau, my schoolmate in Toorak Boys was posted to Ratu Kadavulevu School and there we met again and he taught me to read church music as well as secular music," he wrote.
Move to Labasa
Dr Masi wrote: "I was transferred to Labasa in 1962 and it was a whole lot of challenge for me. I had not thought of this earlier, but my passion and the support of my family kept me going while I worked there."
It was here that he again met the great music composer Sir Josua, Mrs Wainikesa recalled.
"Oh, his music composition and writing really developed working with Sir Josua," she said.
"I assisted Sir Josua Rabukawaqa with choir training while I lived in Labasa, I gained more familiarity in choral music composition and choir directing working beside him. And this we continued until 1965 when I was transferred back to Suva," Dr Masi wrote.
Champion Wainivula Choir
"After Labasa, we moved to Wainivula in 1965 where the Methodist catechist (Vakatawa) Apisai Baraki, approached me to form and train the choir at Wainivula, hence the birth of the champion Wainivula Church Choir," he said.
Dr Masi said it was here that he met Wainivula Church elder, Ratu Pita Toganivalu, whom he still declared as his best tenor ever.
"Ratu Pita then graciously donated the Tatawaqa Trophy, dedicated to his late uncle and singer Emosi Tatawaqa of Bau, for the winner of Class III (under 50 voices) in the Annual Methodist Church Conference singing competition."
The Wainivula Church Choir reigned as Class III champions for seven years in a row in the singing competition from 1969 to 1976 and then won it again in 1978 and 1979.
"It was at Wainivula that my father really developed his skills as a choirmaster and teacher and Wainivula was also the place where his fame as one of Fiji's best choirmasters and church choir directors began to spread Fiji-wide," Mrs Wainikesa said.
At Wainivula, he also came across retired army officer Major Metuisela Mua.
Major Mua said: "Masi was always a perfectionist when it came to choral singing and music; he always wanted the best out of the choirs he taught and trained.
"He was also very good at putting together extracts of musical pieces from the same composers to compose many of his classical pieces which he normally called, 'Lacadrau', because it was a variation of several pieces put together to form an anthem. I will always admire him for this," Major Mua said.
The retired Major Mua was also instrumental in writing the citation for Dr Masi which enabled him to be awarded the MBE medal in 1987 by Her Majesty Queen Elizabeth II.
Off to Otago
"In 1970, my father was fortunate to be offered a dental course at the Otago University Dental School and he decided to take all of us to New Zealand for his studies at his own expense," Mrs Wainikesa said.
"And it's here, against all odds, and with the help of God, I kept on going until I completed my dissertation and fulfilled the requirements for the Diploma in Dental Public Health from University of Otago," Dr Masi wrote.
He resumed his duties at CWMH in 1971 and in 1973 he was chosen as Fiji's delegate to the World Dental Conference at Opera House in Sydney to present a paper on his Dissertation at Otago University about Dental Health in the Pacific including Australia and New Zealand.
In June 1976, he started his private dental practice at Suva's Bayly Clinic.
Formed the famous Kadavu Choir
In 1979, he was appointed choir director of the famous Kadavu Choir because the Kadavu elders in Suva were worried about the behaviour of some of its youths and wanted to organise a monthly church meeting and the choir as the unit to lead them in the right direction.
"The members grew from a small group of just over 10 with the help of Radio Fiji personality the late Apakuki Coka and his wife Bulou Cawa, Major Mua and his wife Luisa, Osepati Tuicakau, Jovilisi Qasi, Semi Cakau, Meli Nayacalevu, Paula Tuivuya, Ratu Toga and wife DiLa, Conservator of Forests Konisi Yabaki and wife Timaima, Josevata Nabati and his wife and a few others including members of my family. The choir came fourth in its first year in the Methodist Church annual choir competition in 1979 and managed to achieve its first win in the Class I categorize in 1980 beating the champion Raiwaqa Church Choir.
"Within three years the choir organised some fundraising the three secondary schools in Kadavu, namely Richmond Methodist Church School, Kadavu Provincial School and Vunisea Government School and $3000 was shared to the three schools."
It was also at the Kadavu Choir that Dr Masi met former Police band member and the only musician who could at that time transcribe music from staff notation to tonic solfa, the well-known Etuate Kautoga.
Eddie, as he is normally called, on the insistence of Dr Masi, was instrumental in teaching members of the choir on music both in staff notation and tonic solfa.
"Manoa Baro Masi has got great musical ears and always gets what he wants from his choir members. And he was always proud to lead the Kadavu Choir," Eddie said.
He said he was lucky to have had the privilege of working with Dr Masi and always liked his choice of music.
"Only a few members could read and sing music in tonic solfa and staff notation thus we taught/introduced them to the code slowly every week.
"Also, on request we started to send small teams to churches in Suva, surrounding areas of Tailevu, Rewa and Naitasiri, including the southern end of Suva. In all Christmas occasions we would start singing carols commencing from Government House to the Colonial War Memorial Hospital apart from carol singing concerts at the Civic Centre Suva.
"During one of those years, the then retired Governor General and paramount chief of Tailevu Ratu Sir George Cakobau invited us to the chiefly island of Bau to sing Christmas carols."
Joined the RFMF
"In 1980 and 1981 some of my friends who were officers in the army and also members of the Kadavu Choir enticed me to join them in service in Lebanon with UNIFIL for one year, as Regimental Dental Officer with the rank of Captain.
"During my first Middle East tour a member of our contingent Private Raibi was hospitalised for four weeks in London for specialised treatment and I was ordered to accompany him," Dr Masi wrote.
He stayed with Ratu Josua Toganivalu's family during his time in London and while there he was fortunate to be able to attend the performance of the famous Wales Male Voice Choir of 1000 voices with Ratu Josua at the Royal Albert Hall.
Dr Masi wrote that while in London he was also visited by his brother-in-law SAS WOII Ilisoni Ligairi with cousin Kemueli Yabaki and nephew Sakeasi Tuni Masi.
He was called back to Lebanon before returning to Fiji and Captain Lilo took Pte Raibi to Fiji when he recovered.
Trip to the Holy City, Jerusalem
He said in 1984/1985 he was recalled to RFMF as Regiment Dental Officer, Multinational Force of Observers in Sinai.
"My dream of taking a choir to sing Christmas carols at the Holy City (Jerusalem) would finally materialise after our commander Lt. Col Sitiveni Rabuka approved our trip. I was accompanied on my initial negotiations trip to Jerusalem by our padre, Methodist Church minister Reverend Nemani Cakacaka.
"We returned to camp with good news and a thorough preparation of hymns, choir uniform and food rations was made for the Christmas trip to Jerusalem.
While more choir members wanted to join in the last minute, only 35 were accepted as a good and manageable number. The choir stayed at the hotel next to King David Royal Hotel in Jerusalem.
Mrs Wainikesa said her father was all that and much more.
"He always had a flair for being original and during his trip to the Middle East on his tour of duty he made it a point to visit all the historical biblical sites which he had included in the lyrics of his anthems. I think this helped him out a lot spiritually and this biblically historical sites were often sung about in his later compositions," she said.
Biodata
* Name: Manoa Baro Masi;
* Date of birth: April 28, 1931;
* Village: Tiliva, Nakasaleka, Kadavu;
* Married: Neli Matekoso Masi (née Ligairi);
* Children: five (with 23 grandchildren and 37 great-grandchildren); and
* Date of death: December 23, 2012;
Education:
Secondary
* 1945 — 1950 Queen Victoria School, Nanukuloa, Saivou, Ra and Matavatucou.
Tertiary, was headboy and dux of school
* 1954-1956 Studied Dentistry at Tamavua Medical Central School; and
* 1970-1971 Attended Otago University Dental School.
Employment
* 1950-1951 Colonial Secretariat, Fiji Public Service Commission;
* 1952-1953 Forest Guard at Colo-i-Suva and later at Nadarivatu;
* 1957-1958 Qualified as a dental officer at the CWMH, Suva posted around Viti Levu;
* 1976 Began private dental practice at Suva Bayly Clinic;
* 1980-1981 Joined RFMF for services with UNIFIL, Lebanon;
* 1984-1985 Recalled by RFMF to serve as Regimental Dental Officer;
* 1986-1995 Resumed services at Bayly Clinic; and
* 1996-1997 Recalled by Government to serve as dental officer at Valelevu Health Centre before retiring in 1999;
Board appointments
* Former Suva City Councillor;
* Former board member of Fiji Broadcasting Commission;
* Former executive committee member of Fiji Red Cross;
* Past chairman and member of Kadavu Provincial Council; and
* Former JP.
Awards
* 1987 Awarded the Member of the British Empire medal (MBE) for services to the community.
Oracle Corp. shares declined in the extended session Monday after the enterprise software company's quarterly earnings report and forecast did not show the cloud-software growth Wall Street expected.
Oracle ORCL, -0.61% shares fell 3.7% in immediate after-hours trading following release of the report, a gap that expanded to more than 6% after Oracle co-CEO Safra Catz provided the fourth-quarter forecast in a conference call. That forecast was short of expectations in total cloud sales, after the third-quarter numbers came up slightly short in cloud-software growth, fueling fears that Oracle's cloud transition is slowing down.
Don't miss: Cloud reality is here for Oracle
The software company reported a fiscal third-quarter net loss of $4.02 billion, or 98 cents a share, compared with a profit of $2.24 billion, or 53 cents a share, in the year-ago period. Excluding a $6.9 billion charge from the U.S. tax overhaul and other costs, adjusted earnings were 83 cents a share. Analysts surveyed by FactSet had estimated 72 cents a share on average.
Revenue rose to $9.77 billion from $9.21 billion in the year-ago period. Adjusted revenue came in at $9.776 billion, just shy of the Wall Street estimate of $9.781 billion.
Some of that weakness in revenue came from Oracle's Software-as-a-Service, or SaaS, business. Oracle reported a 12% increase in SaaS sales to $1.15 billion, but that fell short of the Wall Street estimate of $1.18 billion.
In a statement, Oracle Chief Executive Mark Hurd said the company's SaaS business is in it's early days and is “rapidly” approaching $5 billion annually.
“We expect to more than double the size of our SaaS business very quickly,” Hurd said.
Platform-as-a-service and Infrastructure-as-a-Service sales rose 4% to $415 million, while analysts were expecting $407 million. On the whole, cloud sales rose 16% to $1.57 billion, in-line with what analysts expected.
That was not the case for the fourth-quarter cloud forecast, however. Oracle projected growth in total cloud sales of 19% to 23% year-over-year, but analysts on average were projecting growth of more than 27%, according to FactSet.
New software license sales rose 14% to $1.39 billion, lower than the $1.42 billion consensus estimates from analysts. Meanwhile, software license updates and product support sales rose 52% to $5.03 billion versus the $4.97 billion Wall Street estimate.
Total on-premise software revenue rose 66% to $6.42 billion, compared with the Wall Street consensus of $6.39 billion.
Get Aston Villa FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
John Terry is weighing up his next move in football after leaving Aston Villa.
Offers to continue playing in the MLS and in China have already been received but Terry may focus on developing his coaching career instead.
A return to Chelsea in the future is likely and Blues hero Pat Nevin reckons he will comfortably make the transition into management.
“I've not seen a player in the past couple of decades where I've thought ‘there's perfect managerial material' more than John Terry,” Nevin said on 5 Live.
“No player, none at all. Not even close. Just by watching him.
“Not watching him on the tele, not watching him in games, but just watching him off the pitch and watching his reactions with other people within the group, within the squad.
“Where John Terry will end up, will he play again?
“Will he have another year? China or America, who knows?”
Terry is currently on holiday weighing up his options.
Leaving speech
“Today I part ways with Aston Villa Football Club.
“I'm very proud to have had the opportunity to play and captain this great and huge club.
“I have given my everything this year both on and off the pitch and I'm still hurting today that we never managed to get back to the Premier League, where this club 100% belongs.
The Tony Xia statement all Aston Villa fans must read
“I would like to thank Steve Bruce who was instrumental in me joining Villa.
“I have learnt so much from him as a manger this season that will stay with me forever.
“Also, I'd like to thank all the staff and players and our owner Dr Tony, who it was a real pleasure and honour to work with everyday.
“Finally, a special thank you to the Villa supporters who have supported us both home and away in their thousands, up and down the country and have been amazing to me on a personal level.
“Villa will always have a place in my heart and I will look back on my time here and think about how close we were to reaching our goal.
“But now going forward, I would like to wish the management, staff, players and supporters good luck for the future.@avfcofficial.”
In a statement this evening, the club thanked last season's skipper for his efforts after his one-year deal expired:
"We would like to place on record our most sincere thanks for the effort and professionalism he showed with us last season.
"John is a true leader and was everything and more that we hoped. Hugely popular and influential in the dressing room, he played a real captain's role in creating the incredible bond the players shared with our supporters, and vice-versa.
"We hope he looks back on his time with Villa fondly and we wish him the very best as his career moves forward."
German free agent linked as Aston Villa's bargain-hunting begins
Xia statement
Aston Viilla chairman Tony Xia has admitted that Aston Villa need to make widespread changes after failing to win promotion back to the Premier League.
The owner issued a statement this evening to explain that there will be a different approach next season as Villa embark on a third season in the Championship.
This is what he said in full:
"I know that all the Villa fans experienced a very frustrating and disappointing Play-Off Final last Saturday.
"After seeing many Villa supporters on Twitter hoping that I can publish a statement as soon as possible, I feel like it would be best for me to write the following words when I am relatively calm.
"I care as much about this club as anyone.
"Even though I am back in Beijing, I still can't recover from our game at Wembley.
"The emotion needs time to heal.
"However, I know that all our management staff, coaches, players and myself need to get back on our feet and prepare to fight again.
"Like everyone else, I'm delighted to see that under Steve's management this season, we demonstrated character and unity.
"We fought like a team.
"Indeed, the loss is a pity, but we know how much effort and hard work our coaching staff and players put in this season.
"I want to thank Steve from the bottom of my heart, particularly for his remarkable level of professional focus despite losing his parents this year.
"With that, I would like to say thank you to Steve and his coaching staff once again for leading the team forward wholeheartedly throughout the season.
"We are all aware that we will face severe FFP challenges next season.
"I am an Aston Villa fan. But I am also a businessman. Under the current circumstances, I think the club needs to rethink not only the past two years but also the past ten years.
"Villa needs to be a sustainable football club. People join. People leave.
"That is the cycle of football.
"But the football club always remains through it all.
"This is the ultimate reality that cannot be changed, but I can assure you that everyone behind the scenes is working tirelessly towards achieving our ultimate goal.
"We have been heavily investing for the past two seasons.
"However, the loss on Saturday means that we need to change a lot of things.
"No one wanted to see the club have to go through this, but I believe that only changes can help the club to progress towards the positive direction and this requires the joint efforts of everyone associated with this great football club.
"No matter what the changes will be, I sincerely hope that everyone can unite and overcome the challenges together.
"Our goal has not changed and as long as we believe, regardless of how tough the process will be, I am sure we will succeed in the end.
"Thank you very much once again for all your support.
Chairman Dr Tony Xia "
Black hole
Aston Villa will need to find around £40m-£45m from player sales and wage cuts to fall in line with Financial Fair Play, Birmingham Live understands.
A football finance expert has explained how Villa's failure to win promotion back to the Premier League this term has left them seriously counting the cost this summer.
The claret and blues may have to sell prized asset Jack Grealish to cover costs and there's no chance of turning any of the loan signings into permanent deals.
"The FFP black hole is between £40m and £45m," a source told us.
Aston Villa player suspended for making 'obscene gestures' on the pitch
"Villa have gambled with expensive players on big wages but there will need to be a reality check this summer."
Boss Steve Bruce admitted that cuts will need to be made.
When asked if players would be sold, Bruce replied:
"Yes.
"This season has been difficult, financially.
“We understand, or I have understood, about Financial Fair Play.
"But the discussions will need to be held above me to say what we have or haven't got."
The powers-that-be are in the process of holding those talks.
German free agent linked as Aston Villa's bargain-hunting begins
Saturday's defeat against Fulham in the play-off final is still very raw but the club are starting to moving forward.
These things take time, of course, and more will be revealed in the times ahead as Villa come to terms with another season in the Championship.
Elsewhere, a report was also published today by Swiss Ramble - a business & football blog- which highlighted some of the problems Villa are facing up to.
Meanwhile another expert says Aston Villa's predicament is ‘really severe' and has predicted sales this summer.
Villa were resigned to a third successive season of Championship football with defeat at Wembley.
Bruce's expensively-assembled squad is now expected to be broken up this summer as the club desperately attempt to stay within Financial Fair Play restrictions.
The club's most valuable asset, Grealish, is already being linked with a host of Premier League sides with Villa likely to sell at least one of their top players.
Kieran Maguire, a lecturer in football finance at the University of Liverpool, discussed Villa's problems at length with the BBC.
Cash cuts
“It's really severe for Villa because this is the second year they've had parachute payments. They got around £35million from the Premier League to cushion the blow of relegation.
“Those payments get cut back severely next year so they're going to have £20million less coming in. I think the problem for Villa is that the owner has gambled in the last couple of years on recruiting players on big wages.
Aston Villa shunned by midfielder as promotion failure sees club 'lose some appeal' - reports
Colossal wage bill
“The average wage at Villa is nearly £30,000 a week and it's simply not sustainable in the Championship.
“It's going to be a very big summer. They're going to have to sell the crown jewels, I suspect. The problem that they're going to have is that other clubs know they're in a financial pickle and they'll be trying to get them on the cheap.
“If you take a look at their first season in the Championship, they were losing around £800,000 a week, and that was on parachute payments of around £40million.
“Next season it's down to around about £15million so there's got to be severe cutbacks. I'd be very surprised if John Terry stays because he would have been on a decent wage.
“Scott Hogan has been disappointing and I've seen his contract, and that's eye-watering. Ross McCormack has been a disaster since day one.
“The problem is that no other clubs will go near these players. They might manage to get them out on loan and Villa will probably still have to pay 80 per cent of the wages just to get them away from the club.
Aston Villa transfer 'compulsory' regardless of division - says club chief
Decision time
"Then you have the owner, who's based in China – he's going to have to work out whether he continues to bankroll the club to the same extent.
“There are a lot of alarm bells going round and that's when the vultures start to crowd and pick off things on the cheap, and that will be the big shame for Villa because they do have some good players.
“If they want to play in the Premier League then fair play to them, but I think it's whether or not they'll be able to get a fair price for them which will be the big worry for Villa fans.”
Assessing the summer
Aston Villa's worst nightmare has become a reality and testing times lie ahead.
The books were balanced, to an extent, last summer by manager Steve Bruce as several players departed to boost the coffers.
Ex-England and Chelsea captain John Terry, Glenn Whelan, Ahmed Elmohamady and Chris Samba were all handed lucrative contracts with the funds raised and Bruce utilised his contacts book to snap up three players on loan.
With five players out of contract, five loanees to return to their parent clubs, six players set to return from loan spells away and lots more to be decided, this is the most important summer transfer window in Aston Villa's 144-year history.
Dr Tony Xia cut a glum figure as Sky Sports' cameras zoned in on him during the latter stages of Villa's play-off final defeat to Fulham.
It hasn't panned out the way the Chinese businessman planned after buying out Randy Lerner two years ago.
Xia and his trusted Villa Park colleagues face some big decisions this summer.
Who leads Villa?
The first big decision Xia, chief executive Keith Wyness and director of football Steve Round have to make centres around manager Steve Bruce.
By his own admission Bruce has failed to achieve what was asked of him this term.
The manager has previously hinted that he ‘won't be here next year' if promotion wasn't achieved.
Meanwhile, during a meeting with Villa supporters' groups, neither Wyness nor Round committed to keeping Bruce on as manager in the event of Wembley failure.
With four Championship promotions on his CV and an enviable queue of Premier League managers willing to do him favours, Bruce has all the skills Villa require.
“I will roll my sleeves up and get stuck into it again next season as long as the people above me see that I'm fit to do it,” Bruce said of his future in the immediate aftermath of Villa's Wembley woe. “I will carry on.
“I've been doing it for a long time and I'm in charge of a great club with a big history and tradition.”
With Bruce apparently intent on giving promotion another crack, the ball is firmly in the Villa hierarchy's court.
President of the Senate, Dr. Abubakar Bukola Saraki, has outlined the focus of the Senate upon resumption from recess to include passing other aspects of the Petroleum Industry Bill.
He said in a statement that both the Administrative and Fiscal Policy Bills for the Petroleum Industry as key parts of the priorities for the 8th Senate in the next 22 months.
Speaking on the issues that will take up the Senate's time over the next 22-months, Saraki stated that it will focus on Bills aimed at repositioning the national economy so as to enable it address the rising unemployment and strengthening Nigeria's democracy through legislative oversight on government establishments.
He added that other issues that would pre-occupy the upper legislative chamber are the need to entrench transparency in governance at all levels and creating universal health coverage law.
He said that the Senate will stop at nothing in strengthening the institution of the Senate by ensuring that people begin to understand the role of parliament in the governing of the nation.
“From Day One, this Senate had its own legislative agenda. You will see that some of the things we have been doing, are working our way through this agenda, in order to cross items off our list and deliver on our promised change.
“This has allowed us to treat more petitions than any other parliament in our nation's history, and pass more Bills at the mid-term mark.
“This is why, as we return in September, we will be finalizing on our infrastructure and social intervention pieces of legislation.
“These are laws that will not only make it easier for small and medium enterprises across the nation to do business.
“We will make laws that would create ample opportunities for all Nigerians to realize their potentials.
“Additionally, the Host Community component of the Petroleum Industry Bill (PIB) which looks at the ecological debt incurred against communities where petroleum exploration happens, and the community participation and security of these communities will also be on the front-burner of our affairs. This is something Nigerians can watch out for.
“Similarly, the Industry Administration component of the PIB, which seeks to open up the industry for investment and growth, as well as create the much-needed expansion of the industry by allowing new entrants into the operations of the industry is now at the committee stage at the Senate. We will work to quickly pass the bill,” Saraki said.
The President of the Senate emphasized that even though the Senate only had less than 22-months to complete its term, with several noteworthy achievements already recorded, it would not take its foot off the pedal.
He said that although a lot had been done, the senate would continue to do more because it would take some time to feel the positive effects.
“This is why we will continue to keep pushing and keep pressing for the people that we represent.
“So that one day, they will look back and say that “Yes, truly, the 8th Senate really worked hard for us,” he said.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Singer Sarah Harding has admitted to her fellow Celebrity Big Brother housemates that she has not spoken to her former Girls Aloud bandmate Cheryl "in a while".
Teaser clips released before the Channel 5 reality show airs on Friday night show her telling glamour model Jemma Lucy that the pair were once "like sisters".
"I haven't spoken to her in a while," she says of the Newcastle singer and former X Factor judge.
"I last saw her when we were doing the Xtra Factor."
Asked specifically if the two women had fallen out, she said: "We're so busy with our own stuff and... It's not for me to say, honestly.
"I don't like talking about the other girls. We were like sisters so of course it was never going to be plain sailing the whole time.
"Nothing's forever, we went through a lot together. Even if we had fallen out, I'm sure it wouldn't be a major deal in the future."
When the band split in 2013 - 11 years after forming through the ITV talent show Popstars: The Rivals - rumours spread that Cheryl and Harding's friendship had broken down.
Other housemates airing their views on colleagues both in and outside the Big Brother house include Made In Chelsea's Sam Thompson, who accuses nearly all of the women on the west London-based show of lacking "a backbone".
Meanwhile, he confesses he has a "massive crush" on US Real Housewife Brandi Glanville.
More drama will follow as the housemates are challenged with a booze-based game, but with a twist.
Viewers will see them split into two teams as they try to match shocking revelations, stuck on champagne bottles, to the right housemate.
Rafael Nadal will overtake Andy Murray to reclaim the world number one ranking next week after Roger Federer announced his withdrawal from the Western & Southern Open in Cincinnati with a back problem.
Only Federer could have prevented the Spaniard from returning to the summit for the first time since July 2014, with Murray guaranteed to be toppled as he continues his recuperation from a hip problem.
The Scot, who lost to Marin Cilic in the 2016 Cincinnati final, will lose 600 points, meaning Nadal would usurp him even if the 31-year-old followed his big-name rivals in withdrawing from the tournament.
Nadal is the only player in the world's top six still standing in the Cincinnati event, with Federer now joining Murray, Cilic, Novak Djokovic and Stan Wawrinka on the sidelines.
Apologising to Cincinnati fans in a statement, Federer said: “Unfortunately, I tweaked my back in Montreal and I need to rest this week.”
Nadal could have reclaimed the world number one spot by reaching the semi-finals in Montreal last week, but fell to Denis Shapovalov in the third round.
Image copyright South Beds News Agency Image caption Police were called to the house in Nightingale Court on the new development at Wixams, close to Bedford, after "concerns" were raised for the welfare of a baby by ambulance staff
The parents of a two-month-old girl have been charged with her murder.
Cherinea Denton, 33 and Kevin Eves, 36, from Nightingale Court, Wixams, near Bedford, have been charged with murder and causing or allowing the death or serious injury to a child.
Harper Denton-Eves was taken to hospital on 12 June but died shortly after.
Police said they were called when "concerns" were raised about the welfare of a baby by ambulance staff.
An investigation has been launched by Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire major crime unit.
The East of England Ambulance Service was called to the house and called the police at about 06:00.
Both have been remanded into custody.
Iran will be organizing a joint symposium on nanomedicine and biotechnology together with China at Sahand University of Technology in Tabriz.
The symposium is scheduled for April 16-19, 2018 at Sahand University of Technology in Tabriz. A number of top researchers from the Chinese Academy of Sciences will take part in the event, Mehr News Agency reported.
During the symposium, the prominent researchers at the Chinese Academy of Sciences will deliver lectures on a variety of topics, including applied nanoparticles for tumor imaging, advanced imaging of fluorescence in the body, hydrogels for wound or injury treatment, biotechnological application of nanoparticles, and accurate nanomedicine design for tumor control.
Apple concentrate consists of polyphenols, which helps in protecting the bones during menopause, offers relief from respiratory disorders like asthma and others, helps in preventing Alzheimer's disease, keeps cholesterol levels under control, reduces the risk of various cancers, keep diabetes under control, and helps in weight loss. Apple concentrate can be related to the cognitive decline of normal aging, pulmonary function, bone health, and gastrointestinal protection. Some of the polyphenols available in apples that help in fighting diseases are hydroxycinnamic acids, dihydrochalcones, flavan-3-ols, flavonols, and procyanidin B2.
The apple juice market will continue to witness sales due to the aforementioned health benefits, over the next eight years. However, during 2018-2026, the overall growth of the global apple juice market is estimated to be sluggish at a CAGR of 2%. By 2018 end, the revenue generated from apple juice sales worldwide, will possibly reach around US$ 7,163.8 Mn, which is further expected to cross a value of US$ 8,300 Mn by the end of 2026.
Request For Report Brochure For Latest Industry Insights @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=B&rep_id=44435
Consumer Choice Manages to Sustain Market Growth
Apple is one of the most widely cultivated tree fruits, and the third-most internationally traded fruit, following banana and grapes. Apples are commonly consumed not only because of their flavor but also because of the important nutrients that they contain, including high levels of antioxidants, vitamins, and dietary fiber. There has been significant growth in the consumption rate of apple flavored juices, sauces, as well as apple juice. The confluence of consumer perception for apple flavored product consumption helps to drive the demand for the product in the global market.
Shelf Life Plays a Decisive Role
The shelf life of apple juice concentrate ranges from 1-3 years, and depends on the type of concentrate. Also, finished products made from concentrates will have their own shelf life – six months to years, and this depends on the conditions in which the finished products are stored. Long shelf life not only helps in storing concentrates for longer periods but also eases transportation and use at a later stage. Apart from regular products made from apple concentrate, specialized products are also made for the military and astronauts. Juices made for the military generally have a shelf life of 4-8 years, which is three times the shelf life of juices available for civilians, which is further driving the market growth during the forecast period.
However, the availability of apple is the biggest challenge these days. Farmers are facing challenges in apple production because of changing climate and natural disasters. The production of apple depends on water availability, climatic conditions, and other factors. Limited availability of apples is creating hurdles in the expansion of business, although the demand for processed apple products is increasing day by day.
Apple is consumed in both, the raw and processed form. Till date, people prefer to consume apples in the raw form, which limits the supply of apples for the processing industries. According to USDA, the production of apples decreased globally by 2.6 million tons over the 2017/2018 season. The global production for the season was around 76 million tons. This loss was attributed to the bad harvest of apples in Europe owing to an early start to blooming in May, frost in April, and heat in July, which put pressure on the volumes and quality.
Market Taxonomy: By Type, By Nature, By End Use
By nature, the apple juice market is segmented into organic and conventional. The organic segment is likely to be the most attractive segment in the forecast period owing to the increasing consumer preference towards the consumption of organic products. On the basis of type, the apple juice market can be segmented into filtered and unfiltered. The filtered segment is estimated to account for a significant revenue share of 84.3% in 2018 and is expected to register significant growth rate during the forecast period.
By end-use, the apple juice market is segmented into commercial, household and others. The household segment is likely to be the most attractive segment in the forecast period. Furthermore, on the basis of distribution channel, the apple Juice market is segmented into direct and indirect. Indirect segment is further sub-segmented into store-based retailing and e-Retailers. Amongst these sub-segments, the store-based retailing is anticipated to occupy the largest market share of 88.8% in 2018. The e-Retails sub-segment is expected to register high growth rate in terms of value during the forecast period.
Obtain Report Details @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/pressrelease/apple-juice-market.htm
Analysis by Region: Europe & North America Remain Top Markets
Some of the major companies operating in the global apple juice market are Del Monte Food, Inc., The Coca- Cola Company, Tree Top Inc., Parle Agro Pvt Ltd, Britvic Plc, PepsiCo. Inc., The Kraft Heinz Company, Manzana Products Co., Solana Gold Organics, Eden Foods Inc., White House Company and others.
On the basis of region, the market in North America and Europe is expected to dominate over the forecast period followed by Asia Pacific. Asia Pacific is expected to become a prominent market by the end of the forecast period with a significant CAGR attributed to increase in product penetration and rising awareness through various promotional activities.
Port Authority Police Department officers Jack Collins, Anthony Manfredini, Drew Preston and Sean Gallagher were credited Monday with saving dozens of lives after the blast in a tunnel between the Port Authority/42nd Street subway station and the Times Square/42nd Street stop on Monday morning. Marc Santia reports. (Published 3 hours ago)
When the violent rumble of a crude explosive detonating sent hundreds of commuters running in a crowded tunnel near Manhattan's Port Authority Bus Terminal, four officers did what they were trained to do: They headed to the source of the sound.
Port Authority Police Department officers Jack Collins, Anthony Manfredini, Drew Preston and Sean Gallagher were credited with saving dozens of lives after the blast in a tunnel between the Port Authority/42nd Street subway station and the Times Square/42nd Street stop on Monday morning by jumping on the suspect in the attack, Akayed Ullah, as he reached for his cellphone.
"These police officers are among the most highly trained police officers in the nation, as are all Port Authority police officers,” said Paul Nunziato, the president of the PAPD's rank-and-file union. "I am so thankful there was no loss of life and I could not be prouder of our Port Authority police officers, their actions and dedication to their sworn duty."
Nunziato said that Manfredini first heard the commotion and made the call for help. Then, he rushed through waves of terrified straphangers and into the smoke left by the crude explosive's blast alongside Collins, Preston and Gallagher.
Collins pulled out his service weapon and drew down on the man. Nunziato said when they saw the wires peeking from under his ripped shirt as the man reached for his phone and jumped -- literally -- into action.
"Whether he was trying to other people that could be involved in terrorism or trying to detonate the device, they jumped right on him," Nunziato said.
Nunziato said their split-second decision could have left them dead -- but it was one that potentially stopped the attack from progressing further.
"All four of those officers, if the rest of that device detonated, they would have all been dead," he said. "Along with anyone else who was just trying to get to work."
The officers aren't the only ones who were credited with heroism in the face of what Mayor Bill de Blasio called an attempted act of terror.
MTA station cleaner Sean Monroe said he was just steps behind Ullah when the device went off. But rather than run for his life, he said he helped others get to safety.
"It was a very scary moment but MTA trained me they trained me to do stuff like that so I said, 'Let me help these people,'" he said.
Black Forest Firewood is offering legally sourced firewood to all of Sydney. Firewood comes in many types: soft or hard woods, quick to light or difficult to light, long lasting burn, fast burning, large flames or small flames.
What ever your requirement Blackforest Firewood can accomodate. Firewood is sold by the volume, and our own is sold by 2 cubic meter bins. Seasoned firewood is the best to work with, as it will light rapidly and consume longer than the non-prepared assortment. If you require fires that expend perfectly and profitably, you should simply use firewood that has been fittingly prepared, or dried. Using green, or wet, wood can realize smoking issues, notice issues, and revived progression of creosote, which can prompt a risky chimney fire.
Appropriately seasoned firewood will usually have darkened ends with noticeable breaks or parts and will be significantly lighter than green wood. You can in like manner thump two bits of the wood together, and if you hear a reasonable thumping sound, the wood is in all likelihood prepared. Firewood is generally sold by the volume, and our own is sold by the cubic cm. What you arrange in volume is conveyed as our bins have been guaranteed by the Firewood Association.
Firewood Delivery Sydney supplies sustainable and legally sourced firewood. Originally based in Prospect, our yard has recently moved to a rural setting at Badgerys Creek where we have continued our firewood supply to all of Sydney. Firewood correct moisture content should be less than 25%. Compliance with the National Code of Practise for Firewood Suppliers, we supply different Firewood types: Ironbark, Redgum, Box, Standard Eco-Hardwood and Kindling.
In addition to this, we offer wood cleaning service. Likewise, wood cleaning service success rate is 98-99%. Wood will be dropped as close as conceivable to you wanted spot, contingent upon access for truck. Stacking of the Firewood is the responsibily of the beneficiary. When we are on your property, proper care is taken. We have a choice of timber logs which can be purchased for milling, wood turning and furthermore for the unusual.
About the Company:
Originally based in Prospect, Black Forest Firewood has been providing top quality and legally sourced firewood for 35 years. Our other products include blocked timber, hollow logs, whole logs and party wood.
Contact details:
Address: Black Forest Firewood
80 Beresford Road
Greystanes,NSW,2145
Australia
Phone no: 0418 401 069
02 9631 5899
Illustration by Jim Cooke
First, there were snakes on a plane. Then, we had sharks in tornadoes. Now, there is a darker and more prevalent combination of pests and unlikely places they exist: cockroaches in your PS4.
Advertisement
I heard about PS4's roach problem at an independent console repair shop on the Lower East Side of Manhattan. XCubicle is a clean and well-kept business where locals drop off their broken consoles to get diagnosed and repaired. Its co-founder, Patrick Che, was listing the types of repair issues he encounters on a day-to-day basis: coins inside disc drives, 3DS mods gone wrong. That's when he pointed to the “roach bags,” black garbage bags heaped up in the corner of the room.
“You see those bags?” he asked. “Those are bags full of roaches. Those are all dead by now.” Che added that roach-infested PS4s are so common that XCubicle now charges a $25 “roach fee.” They get at least one each week. Other console repairmen interviewed say that at least half of the PS4s they receive are loaded with roaches.
Advertisement
In cities, anywhere dark and warm runs the risk of hosting the horrible Periplaneta Americana. Most consoles lie horizontally in dark or enclosed areas, like media centers, so they're pretty welcoming to the little critters. Roaches make their way into Xbox Ones sometimes, too. Console repairmen tend to get more PS4s in than Xbox Ones in part because there are more PS4s out there, but according to independent console repairmen interviewed, the PS4 also has the most to offer as a roach hotel.
The PS4's design accommodates roaches better than other consoles' because its ventilation grates are wider. Those vents are located at the bottom of the console, so roaches can get in with ease. Also, according to repair professionals, the PS4's insides gets hotter than the Xbox One's because of its internal power supply. Warm, in an enclosed space and close to the floor, PS4s are great roach nesting grounds.
Roach-infested PS4s are a big problem. Especially because Sony won't take them in for repairs (Sony did not provide comment). Instead, independent console repairmen have the pleasure of scrubbing the roach crap off your console's power supply. Matt Zieminski, who works for console repair suite IFixit, told me that most of the time, the consoles aren't sent in for roach cleaning—the users don't know they're infested. The PS4s just stop working and the owners don't know why. Turns out, the PS4's internal power supply fries roaches onto its components, which can stop the PS4 from turning on. When the bugs have made little homes in there, and have little roach kids, those roach kids and their feces can melt onto the hardware.
Advertisement
Sponsored
Zieminski knows a PS4 is infested because “Roaches leave traces,” he says. “Their poop color is distinct and has a certain smell to it. We kind of know right off the bat if there are poop stains on the vent of the fan—we assume it's bug-loaded.” To get it working again, console repairmen usually replace the power supply. Then, they'll take the console apart, sterilize it with an ultrasonic cleaner, and put it back together.
How do gamers prevent this disgusting and traumatic scenario? PS4s should be stored in the open, where they have enough airflow for breathing. They should also be stored higher up, so roaches have a hard time climbing to them. And, of course, you should keep your dang apartment clean.
The Santa Barbara Region Chamber of Commerce will produce a fundraising event for the family of Navy Master Chief Petty Officer Louis Langlais from 5 to 7 p.m. Tuesday, Oct. 4 at the State Street Farmers Market.
The Chamber of Commerce is working with the Santa Barbara Navy League, The Farmers Market, Davies and The Bank of Santa Barbara to raise money for the surviving wife and sons of the local Navy SEAL recently killed in Afghanistan.
Langlais, 44, leader of a Navy SEAL team, was one of 30 Americans who lost their lives when their helicopter was shot down in Afghanistan on Aug. 6. Langlais was a member of the SEALs' elite Team 6, the secretive unit that killed Osama bin Laden, the leader of al-Qaeda. Langlais was a graduate of Santa Barbara High School.
“Lou Langlais was a Navy SEAL, a precision parachute jumper and a rock climber who scaled cliffs, sometimes without a rope,” wrote Kenneth Weiss of the Los Angeles Times. “With a striking ability to suppress fear, he was known for leading his comrades into dangerous situations with a sense of calm, confidence and even fun.”
Over a 25-year career, Langlais rose to become a troop leader in the Navy SEALs' elite Team 6. It was to be his last tour in Afghanistan before settling down to become a SEAL trainer.
“He was a hero among the SEALs, the best that our country has,” said David Griffith, a rock-climbing instructor and close friend since the two were in middle school in Santa Barbara. Until a memorial Thursday, Griffith said, “I never realized how revered he was. He never bragged. The SEALs don't talk much.”
Langlais also was an attentive husband and doting father of two young boys, calling home while deployed in Afghanistan to check in about even the littlest things.
“Even though he was a bad ass in his job, he was tender and funny with the kids,” said Anya Langlais, his wife of a dozen years. “He's not what you'd imagine a Navy SEAL to be.”
“We all want to honor the SEALS and our fallen Santa Barbara hero,” said Steve Cushman, president of the Santa Barbara Region Chamber of Commerce. “We encourage everyone to come out to the Farmers Market on Oct. 4 and make a donation to the Lou Langlais Memorial Fund.”
— Steve Cushman is president of the Santa Barbara Region Chamber of Commerce.
LAUDERHILL, FLA. (WSVN) - A domestic dispute in front of a Babies R Us in Lauderhill quickly escalated and left one victim hospitalized, Tuesday.
According to police, a newlywed couple was arguing in their red Nissan Rogue around 3 p.m. at the shopping center on 7350 West Commercial Boulevard. Police say the man started to attack the female victim with a box cutter. The victim then reportedly got out of the car, the man chasing behind her.
“The investigation revealed that they were both married. They were in the vehicle right behind us, I believe, in this maroon Nissan vehicle,” said Lt. Mike Santiago. “Somehow, witnesses are stating that the male mentioned something about voodoo. At that time, he began cutting his wife, who was in the passenger seat, with what appears to be a box cutter.”
Police said a witness was able to use her shopping cart to stop the man from further attacking the victim.
“We were about to put the shopping in the trunk but we heard this screaming of that lady. I said to my wife, ‘Something is going on there,' so my wife went to look,” said witness Hector Garcia. “She saw the guy stabbing the lady. With what? I don't know. She said he had something not too big and pointy. He was hitting her on the head.”
Police arrived shortly after and the suspect was taken into custody without further incident. The victim was rushed to Broward Health North with multiple stab wounds. She is expected to survive but her injuries are serious.
Police said this is still an ongoing investigation and no word has been given on the charges the man may face.
Copyright 2018 Sunbeam Television Corp. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Arroyo Grande
Arroyo Grande resident and Mission Prep student Alexis Rosinsky recently won awards from three Hollywood film festivals for her acting and filmmaking.
At the Best Shorts Competition in November, she received an Award of Merit, Filmmaker 17 and Under, for “faery,” a story she both wrote and directed.
At the Hollywood International Moving Pictures Film Festival in December, she was named Best Actress in a Feature Film for “Lost Fare,” directed by Bruce Logan.
Never miss a local story. Sign up today for unlimited digital access to our website, apps, the digital newspaper and more. SUBSCRIBE NOW
And at the Hollywood Reel Independent Film Festival, she will be honored with the New Filmmaker Award for the short film “faery,” which will have its world premiere in Los Angeles this month.
San Luis Obispo County
Dignity Health's Weight Loss Surgery Institute of the Central Coast has received the 2018 Women's Choice Award as one of America's Best Hospitals for Bariatric Surgery.
This evidence-based designation is the only award that identifies the country's best health care institutions based on criteria that consider female patient satisfaction, clinical excellence and what women say they want from a hospital.
The program offers free seminars and patient education, physical and psychological assessments and support, post-operative visits, calls, lab tests and monitoring, nutritional and lifestyle modification counseling, customized fitness programs and access to the Health and Wellness Center, personal assistance with navigating insurance coverage and bilingual language assistance (English/Spanish).
Gain a global perspective on the US and go beyond with curated news and analysis from 600 journalists in 50+ countries covering politics, business, innovation, trends and more.
The 25-year-old son of South Africa's former President Jacob Zuma died from lupus‚ a family spokesperson has said.
Linda Makatini said in a statement that Vusi Nhlakanipho Zuma had died on Sunday after complications from the disease, which can cause chronic inflammation.
Systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE) affects many parts of the body, including the skin, joints and internal organs.
Lots of people can have the condition for a long time without knowing before they get a sudden flare-up.
The symptoms include extreme tiredness, rashes (especially on the face, wrists and hands) and joint pain and swelling.
Vusi Nhlakanipho was the youngest son of Mr Zuma and his late wife Kate Mantsho.
A source close to the former head of state told the BBC earlier this week that Mr Zuma was distraught over the passing of his son.
His funeral is expected take place on Saturday in Johannesburg.
According to medical websites‚ lupus is an auto-immune disease. Normally‚ the immune system protects the body from infection. With lupus‚ however‚ the immune system inappropriately attacks tissues in various parts of the body. This abnormal activity leads to tissue damage and illness. bbc
NEGLECTED: One of the dogs found on a farm in El Ejido, Almeria
GUARDIA CIVIL officers have arrested a man after 19 neglected dogs were found on a farm in El Ejido, Almeria.
Two of the dogs were found lifeless and were being devoured by the rest.
The remainder of the animals had a clear signs of starvation.
The surviving dogs have been transferred to an animal protection association in Almeria in a bid to save their lives.
In addition the Guardia Civil also recovered a stolen van from the property.
Get Birmingham City FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Gianfranco Zola accused his Birmingham City side of showing 'fragility' as a decent first half display was swept away by a dismal second half performance.
Blues were leading 1-0 at the break thanks to Lukas Jutkiewicz's eighth goal of the season.
However, they buckled in the second period when Scott Hogan equalised. An own goal from David Davis and a late stunner from Nico Yennaris left Blues with nothing.
And Zola admitted that 45 minutes had been the poorest of his four games in charge.
"The second half performance has been the most disappointing so far," the Birmingham manager conceded.
"We lost the ball too cheaply, we couldn't control the game and we allowed them to come back too strong in the game.
"Of course we made some mistakes in the first goal but that is a consequence that if you don't control the game, the tempo, the opposition will do that.
"That was the big problem.
"The disappointment for me is having control of the game is a big, big part of it and in the second half we just didn't do it enough.
"I thought the first half was excellent, probably in the last few minutes of the first half they came back a little bit stronger - but we still were there.
"We produced some good football, scored a very good goal and should have scored a second.
"But it is this fragility that we need to improve because a game is made by moments. If you are strong for one moment then after a bit you become weak, fragile then it is difficult and you allow the opposition to come back into the game.
"This is what we did today. This is what happened. We were in the driving seat then all of a sudden we started making mistakes."
The Corinthian spirit is clearly very much alive in Irish amateur golf after two accountants, a part-time post office worker and a dairy farmer battled their way in today's semi-finals of the Radisson Blu-sponsored West of Ireland Amateur Open Championship at County Sligo.
Rosses Point was at its picture-postcard best on a sun-splashed day and with only a mild north wind to trouble the players. The 16 survivors were whittled down to four men, who are bidding to make their own little bit of history today.
Sligo hopes are now pinned on Royal Dublin's Barry Anderson, a 26-year-old accountant who was a member of the home club until this year.
Eased the pressure
Born and bred in Rosses Point, Anderson can become the first “home” winner of the West since Cecil Ewing in 1950, and, after overcoming Co Sligo's David Brady by one hole in a fratricidal quarter-final, he believes that working full-time has eased the pressure and he can now go on to lift the trophy every Sligo man dreams of winning.
Now that I am no longer playing full-time golf, I have never been as a relaxed coming into the West
“I lost on the 18th to Rory McNamara in the quarters in 2010 and on the 19th to Paul Cutler when he won in 2011,” said Anderson, who was pegged back to all square after Brady's gutsy par on the 17th, only to see his opponent overshoot the 18th and fail to get up and down.
“Now that I am no longer playing full-time golf, I have never been as a relaxed coming into the West and don't get upset by the bad shots as I did before.
“Staying relaxed has worked so far and while it's only natural to think about winning, there are only four of us left now and someone had to win it. It might as well be me.”
Tough semi-final
Anderson faces a tough semi-final match against 21-year-old Newlands talent Jake Whelan, who showed his pedigree by reaching the semi-finals of the Irish Amateur Close at Ballyliffin last year.
A big hitter with a silent assassin's demeanour, the tall and willowy Dubliner beat Royal Dublin's Hugh Foley 2 and 1 in the morning before crushing the dream of Rosses Point native Gary McDermott 4 and 2 in the afternoon.
The Dubliner worked nights in the post office over the winter to fund his summer season, and his win in last year's youths' Order of Merit was a testament to his consistency.
In the top half of the draw, 20-year-old dairy farmer William Small birdied the 18th from two feet to beat Naas's Robert Brazill by one hole and set up a semi-final clash with Portmarnock's Jack Pierse.
Straight hitting style
A 26-year-old accountant with a straight hitting style and a silken putting touch, Pierse has the talent to follow in the footsteps of his uncle Arthur Pierse, a two-time West of Ireland winner, as he showed when winning the World Club Championship for Portmarnock alongside Geoff Lenehan last year.
Some of the guys who play full-time are under a lot of pressure to hit good shots all the time
Like Anderson, he is a part-time golfer whose relaxed attitude to the game eases the pressure on his shoulders; his relentless ball-striking and uncanny putting will be a handful for Small, who is playing in his first West of Ireland Championship.
“Some of the guys who play full-time are under a lot of pressure to hit good shots all the time, but if I hit a bad one it doesn't upset me too much because I am not out there every day whacking balls in the cold,” Pierse said with his trademark grin after making one birdie and one bogey in a 2 and 1 win over Dundalk's Caolan Rafferty in the afternoon.
“My uncle Arthur's name is on the trophy twice so it's a big name to live up to – but I will give it a go.”
Nip-and-tuck battle
As for Small, the flame-haired Ulsterman won a nip-and-tuck battle with Brazill with a clutch birdie at the 18th and now hopes to follow in the footsteps of Stuart Paul, who won the West playing out of Tandragee in 2002.
Happy to have an early start to play Pierse and not milk cows, he smiled and said: “My dad James is here with me so my uncle is looking after the cows this week. It would be class to win this. I'm playing well so let's just see where it goes.”
Third Round: R Brazill (Naas) bt R Abernethy (Dún Laoghaire) 2 holes; W Small (Tandragee) bt D Reddan Jnr (Nenagh) 5/4; C Rafferty (Dundalk) bt C Woodroofe (Dún Laoghaire) 2 holes; J Pierse (Portmarnock) bt S Healy (The Royal Dublin) 1 hole; J Whelan (Newlands) bt H Foley (The Royal Dublin) 2/1; G McDermott (Carton House) bt R Cannon (Balbriggan) 3/2; B Anderson (The Royal Dublin) bt J Hood (Galgorm Castle) 1 hole; D Brady (Co Sligo) bt E Murphy (Dundalk) 6/4.
Quarter-finals: Small bt Brazill 1 hole; Pierse bt Rafferty 2/1; Whelan bt McDermott 4/2; Anderson bt Brady 1 hole.
Semi-finals: (08:00) W Small (Tandragee) v J Pierse (Portmarnock); (08:15) J Whelan (Newlands) v B Anderson (The Royal Dublin). (13:30) Final.
1:01 Roberto Luongo has a new mask Pause
2:23 Florida Panthers lose Barkov, lose to Leafs
5:48 Dave Barry's 2016 Holiday Gift Guide
0:36 Dolphins' Matt Moore focused for playoffs
1:20 The United States of Powerball
57:11 Dave Barry and Carl Hiaasen talk politics, Florida and a presidential bid at the Miracle Theatre
1:28 The day Cassius Clay and The Beatles shared the ring
2:27 Dave Barry discovers something other than fish in the ocean off Rio
1:38 Dave Barry goes searching for protesters on the campaign trail
Conferenceseries Ltd invites you to the “13th International Conference on Tissue Engineering and Regenerative Medicine” which will be held during July 12-13, 2018 at Paris, France. This Conference mainly focuses on the theme “Exploring New Ideas in regenerative medicine to treat degenerative diseases”.
Your doctor will want to know what methods you've used before, and what you liked or disliked about them. Were you averaging three missed pills a month? Did one method make you feel nauseated or depressed? Did you have a lot of spotting with an IUD? This will help your doctor figure out what methods (and what hormones) might work best for your body.
Keep in mind that it might take some trial and error to find the right fit. For instance, all those different types of combined birth control pills contain different doses of estrogen and different kinds of progestin. And the way these two hormones work together in the body may differ from person to person.
Minkin says doctors typically like to start with a pill that contains a low dose of estrogen. Rarely, that can cause breakthrough bleeding or vaginal dryness in some people, in which case the doctor may suggest a pill with a little more estrogen. Similarly, some people are sensitive to different kinds of progestin (the other hormone found in hormonal birth control pills), which may result in mood changes. If that's the case, your doctor can suggest a pill with a different type of progestin.
Godrej Golf Link Villas in Greater Noida Apartments , a pre hits the bolster running duty in Sector 106 Gurgaon. It has designed world-class 2BHK, 3BHK, and 4BHK right furnished units adjoining Dwarka Expressway. Godrej Properties is a well-recognized developer which is experienced for its high-rise residential projects and trust.
Godrej Golf Link Villas in Greater Noida Flats is endowment luxurious facilities and amenities to cope more palatial and trivial society to the residents. The function features difficult to believe residential flats in en masse manner of sizes. Here, for the most part of your needs will be satisfied on the what it for the most part virtually of your needs and you will merit complete peace here. It is the excellent back forty for you and your family. Here, the pricing will be starting at Rs. 1.40 Cr. for 3BHK units. The business is located during Dwarka Expressway which is doubtless easy to access. Godrej Golf Link Residential Flats is an ultra-luxurious residential society by Godrej Properties and it will feature penthouses with modern specifications in Dwarka Expressway, Sector 106 Gurgaon.
The master bill of Godrej Reflections proposes discipline blend of point you need by all of modern features in all the well-designed apartments of
Godrej Golf Link Villas in Greater Noida Detail in advanced lifestyle in aside inch of its landmark. Trust is a well known of the hobby factors in trustworthy estate mom-and-pop store for plot seekers. When world-class action projects are implemented in the market erstwhile, Godrej Properties has gained full trust of the residents. This beautiful launch undertaking has been blown up by world-class architects to shake world-class residences by all of best-in-class heart materials and lavish blueprint.
In this business, such of the exceptional features is having impulsive lake in the proximity. You can vow the serene and enjoyable view by all evening coffee. It is positioned completely the snug as a bug in a rug surrounding by the whole of city's skyline. It has world-class apartments to give all one got you the acknowledgment of stunner home.
In this mega concrete jungle, there are a complete of everything who are inappropriate there eye to eye for action home. Being a gaping and at the cutting edge city of India, part of all around town builders are endowment thousands of projects based on hard data in rare areas around by commonly told of at variance specifications. After doing a lot of recognize, Godrej Properties has beat the living daylights out of forward by the whole of a world-class function voiced as
Godrej Golf Link Villas in Greater Noida Flats. It is a world-class property to what dwelling you bouncecel really win the true the way one sees it of your fix and a protection which cut uphold grant fastidious satisfaction to your mind.
We,SRK Residency PVT. LTD. are the authorized channel partner of Godrej Properties Call & Visit us for the best Deal for our Valuable Clients for Completing of getting your dream home. We are the fastest growing company in providing home solutions. We completely understand your home requirements. Better and valuing your time, we are keen to provide you door steps solutions for all your needs. SRK was formed with the only purpose of offering best-in-class real estate solutions to our valued buyers.
Kindly visit www.srkresidency.com
To get the complete Location and price detail of dream house in this project , Kindly
Contact us @ +91-9810047296, +91-9810009987, (UK)442035145468, (USA)+16466264218
We http://www.srkresidency.com deals in Apartments for completing your Dream Homes.
For best offer, Kindly Visit the website for getting apartments
http://godrejs-elements.com | http://godrejmeridien-gurgaon.com | http://godrejbellaryroad.srkresidency.com | www.srkresidency.com/godrej-golf-links-luxury-villas-in-greater-noida | http://www.srkresidency.com/godrej-origins-vikhroli-trees-godrej/
Godrej Elements Hinjawadi in Pune |
Godrej Meridien in Gurgaon |
Godrej Bellery Road in bangalore |
Godrej Golf Link Villas in Greater Noida | Godrej Origins Vikhroli in Mumbai
Booking Starts for best affordable home Now. Call us at +919810047296
Global home care packaging market has witnessed gradual growth in recent years, and is expected to witness steady growth in the forecast period. Home care market is growing considerably as the number of people opting for home care services rather than medical care in hospitals is increasing day by day. Home care services are cost effective and hence mostly preferred by patients. The global market for home care products is growing, significantly, due to increasing adoption of these packages in developed economies. However, it is expected to witness an increase in demand in developing countries in near future due to the growing awareness about home care services. Growing health awareness, improving standards of living, and increase in per capita income of people are some of the reasons driving the growth of home care industry. Currently, there are a number of players engaged in the business of home care product manufacturing. Wide range of product availability and variation in prices, also fuel the market growth. Packaging innovation, and technological developments for better results, are some other factors driving the market growth.
In the recent years, home care products market has witnessed a lot of growth due to the increasing per capita income of individuals in the developing countries, and their preference to lead a healthier lifestyle. Improving standards of living, also act as a key factor for the growth of the market. Demand for home care products has been on an upward trend, especially, as the consumers, with growing health awareness, tend to avoid expensive medical care costs. To keep up with this demand, home care packaging industry has ramped up their offerings to differentiate between multiple packaging solutions, conveying useful information, without compromising on the safety standards. The packaging market for home care products is set to record high growth during the forecast period.
Global home care packaging market has been segmented based on product, material, packaging type and region. Based on product the market is segmented as dishwashing, insecticides, laundry care, toiletries, polishes, air care and others. Among these, the toiletries products, is projected to dominate the home care packaging market through 2023. The dominant position of this segment can be attributed to the rising hygiene concern among all class of people, across the globe. Based on the material the market has been segmented as plastic, paper, metal and glass. Plastic dominated the market in 2016 and is projected to be the fastest-growing material type. The wide application of plastic across all major packaging type is creating a good market for plastic as a material for global home care packaging market. Based on the packaging market, the market is segmented as bottles, cans, cartons, jars, pouches and others. Bottles segment dominated the market in 2016 and is projected to be the fastest-growing packaging type, owing to the convenience in storage, transporting and flexibility to handle all kind of home care products.
The market is expected to have a huge number of new entrants over the forecast period, owing to continuous developments in packaging industry with growing consumer preferences for high hygiene. The market is also expected to have high expansion activities by multinationals and well-established companies. Merger and acquisition activities are expected to be seen over the forecast period.
The global home care packaging market is expected to grow at ~ 8.5% CAGR during the forecast period.
CATTLE judging may have wrapped up at the Ekka but sheep breeders still have a chance to show off their goods.
Inglewood stud owner Lyndon Frey said he was hoping to secure more champion titles for Silverdale Dorset Stud at his fifth Brisbane Exhibition.
"I've been gearing up now for months and our sheep are as good if not better than last year so we're expecting to do very well,” Mr Frey said.
"My big ram jingoes has won five championships since Ekka last year including Goondiwindi and Allora and we've got some great ewes.
"I'm taking 15 ewes and 14 rams which is my biggest consignment yet but I'll have 11 helpers with me for judging on Thursday and Friday.”
Gemsny.com is a name to reckon with in the jewelry industry for its huge collection of high quality, beautifully hand-crafted gemstone jewelry and other jewelry across the globe. This popular online jewelry store has a vast selection of pearl jewelry that includes pearl earrings, pearl studs and other mesmerizing pieces of jewelry. All of their loose rubies are sourced from the best locations and they are considered as unique and precious by both critics and customers. Recently, they had launched a dazzling collection of aesthetically designed pearl earrings which sold like mouth-watering cakes on the market. They have always created waves on the market with every new collection of gemstone jewelry and other jewelry.
This noted online jewelry store believes that pearl is forever and can be girl's best friend like diamonds. Pearl earrings can complement the beauty of a woman with its elegance and unending charm. Pearl stud earrings are the favorites of women of all ages. Pearl earrings are truly unique and wonderful gift for yourself or someone very special in your life. Designer pearl earrings can be a perfect choice for a wonderful business suit or evening attire. The right matching pearl earrings can be worn on casual occasions or the dressiest of occasions depending on the style and type of jewelry and your individual taste and fancy. Buying pearl earrings is not merely about finding the most expensive piece but it must match your dress and also your taste. You can buy classic pearl stud earrings that would lend elegance and charm to an ornate gown, while simple gowns may go very well with dangle pearl earrings.
Pearl earrings come in a wide range of colors, size, and price. The most traditional and popular pearls come in white and black but also in a wide array of various other colors such as pink, peach, golden etc. The best part is that women now have the luxury of multiple choices. Perfect peal earrings with matching pearl necklace are the perfect buy or as a gift for your loved ones and have always been the preferred choice for many women. If you want to buy pearl earrings, pearl studs and other fine pearl jewelry, you should visit this reputed online jewelry store. You can browse through their unique collection of pearl jewelry and pick your favorite piece. You can also get pearl earrings within your budget. Buy pearl stud earrings for your loved ones to celebrate important occasions.
TEHRAN, Iran (AP) — Iran's Foreign Ministry said Monday it will raise the case of a detained British-Iranian woman with the judiciary "out of humanitarian concerns" following a visit by Britain's foreign secretary.
Ministry spokesman Bahram Ghasemi said the final decision on whether to release Nazanin Zaghari-Ratcliffe, who is serving a five-year sentence for allegedly plotting to overthrow the government, rests with the judiciary.
Zaghari-Ratcliffe "is considered an Iranian national and should serve her prison conviction according to the judicial system of Iran," he added.
British Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson raised the case during a two-day visit to Iran that concluded Sunday. Zaghari-Ratcliffe, a charity worker, was detained in April 2016. Her family has denied the allegations against her.
Advertisement
She is among several dual nationals held in Iran, where the judiciary and security forces are dominated by anti-Western hard-liners. It's unclear whether Foreign Minister Mohammad Javad Zarif, a relative moderate, can secure her release.
Johnson recently complicated efforts to free her by saying incorrectly that she was training journalists when arrested. He has since apologized.
Britain and Iran have discussed the release of some 400 million pounds ($530 million) held by London, a payment Shah Mohammad Reza Pahlavi made for Chieftain tanks that were never delivered. The shah abandoned the throne in 1979 and the Islamic Revolution soon installed the clerically overseen system that endures today.
Authorities in London and Tehran deny the payment has any link to Zaghari-Ratcliffe.
However, the United States made a $400 million transfer to Iran in January 2016 when Iran freed Washington Post journalist Jason Rezaian and three other Iranian-Americans. That money too involved undelivered military equipment from the shah's era. Some U.S. politicians criticized the transfer, calling it a ransom payment.
When Ernesto Ruiz-Tiben began his work to eradicate guinea worm disease more than 30 years ago, he felt “it was going to be like dragging a dead elephant through a swamp by its tail.”
Guinea worm (dracunculiasis) is one of the most unpleasant of the world's neglected tropical diseases (NTDs). The waterborne parasite grows up to a metre in length inside the human body before emerging again slowly and painfully, usually through the feet, debilitating its victim. But in 1981, health workers exhilarated by the recent eradication of smallpox — the first time in history that a human disease had been eliminated — made guinea worm their next target. Back then, an estimated 3.5m Asians and Africans were infected every year by this “disease of the poor”, which, like other NTDs, hits the world's most deprived communities hardest.
Of the many poverty-related tropical illnesses that exist, the World Health Organisation has selected 18 as good targets to control, eliminate and in some cases, eradicate. These ancient diseases are notorious for their disabling and deforming symptoms — and some, whether leprosy or elephantiasis, seem to belong to bygone eras. Effective treatments exist for many, which explains why they have all but vanished in richer countries, where better funded health care systems and improved sanitation have slowed the spread.
Meanwhile, the focus and funding has turned to fighting the so-called “big three” killers: malaria, HIV/Aids and tuberculosis. The low profile of NTDs has been compounded by a lack of reliable data on when and where they occur — not to mention archaic or unpronounceable names that make them hard to popularise.
This magazine, written by FT correspondents and freelance journalists around the world, shows that the battle against NTDs is far from hopeless. The campaign to eradicate guinea worm offers important pointers to success. High-level political commitment is the first prerequisite, says David Agyemang, programme manager in Ghana for the UK-based charity Sightsavers.
Through his non-governmental organisation, former US President Jimmy Carter championed the cause with business and heads of state. He also kept up pressure and accountability by visiting affected countries, even brokering a ceasefire in Sudan in the 1990s to allow health workers access to those at risk.
Residents of Asubende in Ghana who have lost their sight because of onchocerciasis © Cristina Aldehuela
The Carter Center's work against guinea worm, headed by Ruiz-Tiben, has made good progress. A combination of health education, larvicides, water filters and dogged determination helped cut instances of the disease to just 25 cases in four countries in 2016.
“I cannot give a date when it will end, but we are doing everything we can to make it happen,” Ruiz-Tiben says.
Another element of the campaign's success, says Agyemang, who was previously in charge of the Ghanaian ministry's war on guinea worm, was that local communities were “in charge”. Villagers, for example, deployed guards next to water where the infection was transmitted, and people were fined for wading in. He has seen less evidence of both community involvement and political commitment with campaigns for the other NTDs, however.
A patient being treated for leprosy in hospital in West Bengal, India © Poulomi Basu
In 2012, in the London Declaration on Neglected Tropical Diseases, governments, donors and 13 pharmaceutical companies pledged to push for the control or elimination (meaning that they only infect tiny numbers of people each year) of a further nine NTDs. Much of the progress has been the result of so-called mass drug administration programmes, in which the entire population of an area is treated without first being tested for infection. Drug distribution has helped eliminate onchocerciasis (river blindness) from several countries in the Americas. Drug companies' support and government funding, combined with improved hygiene, is helping maintain a similar momentum against the bacterial disease trachoma, another source of unnecessary blindness.
Insecticide spraying and the widespread distribution of mosquito nets as part of malaria programmes has had the side effect of helping prevent mosquito-transmitted lymphatic filariasis (also known as elephantiasis). The World Health Organisation's target of global elimination of that disease is advancing well, though the 2020 deadline might still prove too ambitious.
On other NTDs, progress has been slower and elimination remains a more distant prospect. Not all diseases are as amenable to elimination with the toolbox of drugs, diagnostics and insecticides that is currently available. New combinations of drugs and innovative, faster-acting medicines with fewer side-effects are needed.
A patient being treated for leprosy in hospital in West Bengal, India © Poulomi Basu
Paradoxically, in many cases, progress can present its own obstacles. “Once you move towards elimination, communities forget the burden,” says Simon Best, Sightsavers' director of NTDs. “We have to remind the community to remain alert and report cases. That is something I have nightmares about: that the diseases could come back.”
Prof David Molyneux, NTDs lead at the Liverpool School of Tropical Medicine, says more co-operation between health officials and their counterparts in education, sanitation and water is needed to address the underlying causes of infection and transmission. Poor access in conflict zones, such as South Sudan or Syria, allows infection rates to rise and then spread as refugees flee. The high-profile epidemics of Ebola and Zika have introduced competing pressures on weak health systems, too, he says.
“It's great there is international attention,” says Bruno Gryseels, director of the Institute of Tropical Medicine in Antwerp, who warns that controlling disease is only part of broader development challenges.
“The world will not always fund control programmes. They need to be integrated into regular health services. It might be easier to tackle poverty.”
Communities have to remain alert. I have nightmares that the diseases could come back
Finally, there is nature's confounding power to adapt. If guinea worm is close to eradication, the last steps are proving extremely difficult. In Chad, the parasite — previously thought to require human hosts to live — has been identified in dogs and even frogs in the past few years. That has raised concerns that the disease will continue to spread undetected via animal populations.
“Sometimes you feel totally overwhelmed,” concedes Ruiz-Tiben. “But if you keep at it, you see the light. It's been a struggle, but we're very close now.”
Filling the gap: drug donations
A child receives onchocerciasis medication from a volunteer distributor in Ghana © Cristina Aldehuela
From its factory in South Africa last year, GlaxoSmithKline manufactured, transported and donated more than 1bn tablets of albendazole to governments across Africa for the treatment of lymphatic filariasis - also known as elephantiasis. In the global drive to expand from “control” towards “elimination” of a range of diseases, deliveries of drugs such as albendazole, in combination with Merck's ivermectin, are crucial.
The gift was mirrored by contributions of drugs from a dozen other pharmaceutical groups as drug industry chiefs fulfil pledges made at the London declaration five years ago to provide medicines now totalling more than 1.8bn treatments a year.
They have been supported by non-pharma partners such as DHL, the international logistics company, which has helped with shipments of the donated drugs.
This approach marks a big improvement on past methods of donating medicines during humanitarian crises.
Programmes need to be part of regular health services. It might be easier to tackle poverty
Typically treatments were given piecemeal by members of the public, rather than by the drug companies themselves and often the drugs were close to, or beyond, their expiry dates. Some were inappropriate for the intended use, or at least not the most urgently needed treatments.
By contrast, the donations by big pharma companies for NTDs have so far been more strategic, appropriate and controlled. Yet some scepticism remains, whether from those who say companies are acting in self-interest to boost their public image, to others who complain that the donations permit very substantial tax write-offs that offset much of the cost.
A more fundamental concern is the long-term commitment to such programmes. Bernard Pécoul, head of the Drugs for Neglected Diseases Initiative, a Geneva-based non-profit organisation that helps develop better drugs for the world's poor, is among those who would prefer to dispense with handouts. “Big donations are not sustainable and they kill the market,” he says, echoing a stance taken by Medécins Sans Frontières, the medical relief organisation, on both drugs and vaccines.
Yusuf Hamied, chairman of Cipla, the Indian generics company, says his efforts to provide the drug praziquantel, used to treat schistosomiasis (or bilharzia), at a low cost have been undercut by large donations from Merck of Germany. Rival suppliers from China charge less than his cost price, but only with the use of polluting manufacturing processes.
To supporters of existing practices, however, it is not clear whether even highly competitive, low-cost production of many of the drugs needed to treat NTDs would sustain, let alone expand on, the quantities that are currently being provided by donations. The market is not lucrative for manufacturers, and many governments in high-burden countries have shied away from providing additional funding, even for very low-priced medicines.
For now, the drug companies are at least adhering to their declaration commitments. There are calls for further donations, such as of Pfizer's drug azithromycin, to treat yaws, alongside its existing donations of the drug for trachoma, under which 500m doses have been given away since 1998. In the absence of significant additional public sector resources, donations are still filling an important gap for now.
ROCK SPRINGS — Joe Pritza, 90, of Rock Springs, Wyoming, passed away Sunday, March 11, 2018, at Mission at Castle Rock. Mr. Pritza died following a lengthy illness.
Joe was born August 7, 1927, in Rock Springs, Wyoming, to Peter Pritza and Milena (Wuicich) Pritza in a Union Pacific Railroad bunkhouse.
He started school in 1932 in Bitter Creek, Wyoming, where his family moved during the depression. He later went to school at Superior, Wyoming, bussing every day from Point of Rocks, Wyoming. He graduated from Rock Springs High School with the class of 1945, after his family moved to Blairtown, Wyoming.
He was drafted into the Army during the Korean Conflict with the first four draftees called. He served with 4th Inf. Div., 40th Tank Bn. in Germany with the Army of Occupation.
He was married in Miles City, Montana, and later divorced. They had no children.
In his lifetime he worked for UPRR, Safeway Stores, Montgomery Ward & Co., Sears (Anchorage, Alaska), H.M.R. C.C.E. & B (Culinary Union Fairbanks, Alaska). He retired from the Alaska Teamsters #959 in 1982.
His last years were spent in Rock Springs, Wyoming.
Survivors include his brother, Mike Pritza of Rock Springs, Wyoming, sister-in-law Juel Pritza of Omaha, Nebraska, and nephews, Dr. Randy Pritza and wife Judy and family of Omaha, Nebraska, and Dr. Ronald J. Pritza and wife Sarah and family of Omaha, Nebraska.
He was preceded in death by his parents, his brother Nick Pritza of Omaha, Nebraska, and uncle George Wuicich of Anchorage, Alaska.
Following cremation, there will be no services at his request.
Condolences may be left at www.vasefuneralhomes.com.
WASHINGTON (AP) — Transgender recruits will be allowed to enlist in the military beginning Jan. 1, the Pentagon said, as President Donald Trump's ordered ban suffered more legal setbacks.
The new policy divulged Monday reflects the difficult hurdles the federal government would have to cross to enforce Trump's demand earlier this year to bar transgender individuals from the military.
Three federal courts have ruled against the ban, including one Monday in Washington state.
In October, U.S. District Judge Colleen Kollar-Kotelly barred the Trump administration from proceeding with its plan to exclude transgender people from military service. Part of the effect of the ruling was that the military would be required to allow transgender people to enlist beginning Jan. 1.
Advertisement
The government had asked Kollar-Kotelly to put the Jan. 1 date on hold while it appealed her full ruling but she declined Monday, reaffirming the Jan. 1 start date. The Department of Justice is now asking a federal appeals court to intervene and put the Jan. 1 requirement on hold.
Potential transgender recruits will have to overcome a lengthy and strict set of physical, medical and mental conditions that could make it difficult for them to join the armed services.
Maj. David Eastburn, a Pentagon spokesman, said the enlistment of transgender recruits will begin next month and proceed amid legal battles. The Defense Department also is doing a review, which is expected to carry into 2018.
Eastburn told The Associated Press on Monday that the new guidelines mean the Pentagon can disqualify potential recruits with gender dysphoria, a history of medical treatments associated with gender transition and those who underwent reconstruction. But such recruits are allowed in if a medical provider certifies they've been clinically stable in the preferred sex for 18 months and are free of significant distress or impairment in social, occupational or other important areas.
Transgender individuals receiving hormone therapy must be stable on their medication for 18 months.
The requirements make it challenging for a transgender recruit to pass. But they mirror concerns President Barack Obama's administration laid out when the Pentagon initially lifted its ban on transgender service last year.
"Due to the complexity of this new medical standard, trained medical officers will perform a medical prescreen of transgender applicants for military service who otherwise meet all applicable applicant standards," Eastburn said.
Aaron Belkin, director of the California-based Palm Center, an independent institute that has conducted research on sexual minorities in the military, said the 18-month timeline is fair.
"It's a good standard because the Pentagon is treating gender dysphoria according to the same standards that are applied to all medical conditions," he said.
However, Elaine Donnelly, president for the Center For Military readiness, said Trump "has every right to review, revise, or repeal his predecessor's military transgender policies, which would detract from mission readiness and combat lethality." Court judges, she said, are not qualified to run the military.
The Pentagon move Monday signals the growing sense within the government that authorities are likely to lose the legal fight.
"The controversy will not be about whether you allow transgender enlistees, it's going to be on what terms," said Brad Carson, who was deeply involved in the last administration's decisions. "That's really where the controversy will lie."
Carson worried, however, that the Defense Department could opt to comply with a deadline on allowing transgender recruits, but "under such onerous terms that practically there will be none." Carson, who worked for Ash Carter as the acting undersecretary of defense for personnel, said requiring 18 months of stability in the preferred sex is a reasonable time.
"It doesn't have any basis in science," he said, noting that experts have suggested six months is enough. "But as a compromise among competing interests and perhaps to err on the side of caution, 18 months was what people came around to. And that's a reasonable position and defensible."
Sarah McBride, spokeswoman for Human Rights Campaign, praised the court's ruling, saying that it affirms "there is simply no legitimate reason to forbid willing and able transgender Americans from serving their country."
___
Associated Press Writer Jessica Gresko in Washington contributed to this report.
Who is in the running to replace Zola at Birmingh
Get Birmingham City FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The Birmingham Mail broke the news earlier this evening that Birmingham City's players would welcome the appointment of Paul Robinson as manager until the end of the season.
The 38-year-old is at 4/1 with some bookmakers, hugely respected among his peers and has taken steps on the coaching ladder in recent years.
However, his appointment is not a given with the Blues hierarchy known to be keen to develop a new style of football that Gianfranco Zola ultimately failed to deliver.
Robinson would probably be a temporary solution for the final three games of the Championship season before a new man came along to take charge ahead of next season.
Runners and riders
Steve Cotterill is the frontrunner at the moment with Ladbrokes offering 5/2 on him to become Blues' next boss. Cotterill was sacked by Bristol City last season after guiding them to promotion from League One in 2015.
Nigel Pearson is among the early favourites with the bookies (3/1). Pearson was sacked by Derby County earlier this season with the Rams hovering above the Championship dropzone.
His spell at Leicester City was more successful. Pearson led the Foxes into the Premier League before being sacked after guiding them to safety in their first year back in the top flight.
He has a wealth of knowledge of the Championship and would be able to draw upon his experiences fighting the drop in the Premier League with Leicester if Blues were to go down this route.
Oxford United manager Michael Appleton is at 8/1. The former Manchester United trainee knows the area having spent time with West Bromwich Albion, both as a player and a coach.
He has guided the U's to 10th in League One this season and also led them out at Wembley for the EFL Trophy final a short while back.
Former Middlesbrough manager Aitor Karanka can be found sitting alongside Appleton on the odds list. Karanka earned promotion from the Championship last season but was recently sacked with Boro on a poor run of form.
Karanka was linked with a move to join Jose Mourinho's coaching set-up at Manchester United but that has since been denied with Karanka keen to continue working as a no.1.
Alex Neil (8/1) is another manager with Championship pedigree to have been sacked recently. The former Norwich City chief has been out of work since being given his Carrow Road marching orders last month.
His teams tend to play an attacking, attractive style of football that would sit well with the Blues board, who are committed to becoming one of the easier on the eye Championship outfits.
Steve McClaren (10/1) is another known for playing attractive football - but another who was recently sacked for poor results. Derby County ditched him last month and replaced him with former Blues boss Gary Rowett.
McClaren has been doing some punditry work recently but is keen as ever to return to work and would probably see Blues as an interesting project, provided they remain in the Championship.
Next on the list are two men who were vying for the England job back in 2012. Roy Hodgson (12/1) beat Harry Redknapp (14/1) to this country's biggest job but stepped down after England were humiliated by Iceland at Euro 2016.
Redknapp has been out of management since leaving Queens Park Rangers in 2015, although he did have a brief spell coaching Jordan's national team.
Get Birmingham City FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Causing havoc
Robbie Savage has admitted that he was “an all-round nuisance” when he was trying to force through his move away from Birmingham City.
In his Mirror Sport column, where he talks about the situation concerning Riyad Mahrez, Leicester City and a failed transfer deadline day move to runaway leaders Manchester City, the former Welsh international explained why he sympathises with Mahrez, who is to be fined a couple of weeks wages for not turning up to training.
Savage offered his own experience as to why he understood Mahrez's frustrations, amid plenty of criticism from elsewhere, particularly in 2005 when he set his heart on a move to Blackburn Rovers.
Eventually, then Blues boss Steve Bruce had to give in and allow the midfielder to leave for Ewood Park, but not before he'd caused his manager unnecessary problems.
Steve Cotterill explains why he couldn't add to Birmingham City squad in January transfer window
“In my opinion, Mahrez is worth £75m — but if he wants to go, he's only worth as much as Leicester can get for him,” Savage wrote.
“There is talk of him being fined for failing to show up for training, but I know – from personal experience – how galling it can be when your heart lies elsewhere in football.
“When I was a player and I wanted to leave Birmingham for Blackburn, I caused havoc when I didn't get my way at first.
“I'm not proud of my behaviour – I was smashing balls away in training, knocking on doors, getting sent home and being an all-round nuisance – but I never downed tools.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Sheffield Wednesday vs Birmingham City: TV details, team news, predicted XIs, boss thoughts, betting odds
“Even when I was made to turn out for the reserves, I applied myself in a professional manner during games although it came to a point, away at Newcastle, where I was only at 95 per cent – and that was the end for me and Steve Bruce, and I got my way.
“And I have to admit: If I had been denied my move to Blackburn, I would never have forgiven Bruce.
“I had a month to make my move to Blackburn happen – but Mahrez only had few days. If City had registered their interest earlier in January, I suspect they would have struck a deal well inside the deadline.
“Even now, when Leicester look at the bigger picture, surely they will have to concede that Riyad Mahrez has been an unbelievably good player for them... but it's time to let him fulfil his potential.”
Selection dilemmas
Birmingham City go in search of their first away win against Sheffield Wednesday in 12 years this weekend.
Blues have not emerged victorious at Hillsborough since December 2006 when Stephen Clemence, Gary McSheffrey and Cameron Jerome were on target for the visitors.
The Owls have won four and drawn two at home to Blues since - including a 3-0 result in February last year.
Banking three points on Saturday could take Blues as many as four points above the drop zone, while Sheffield Wednesday sit four places above Steve Cotterill's side in 16th position.
Team news
Cotterill's policy of consistent team selection for league matches in recent weeks could be rocked with David Davis and Jacques Maghoma doubtful.
Both players starred in the 3-1 victory over Sunderland on Tuesday evening before they were brought off.
Maghoma pulled his groin while Davis hurt his thigh.
"One is 50/50 and nip and tuck and the other one probably won't play, so that's where we are with them," said Cotterill.
Isaac Vassell is the only long-term absentee.
GK/defence
Having a settled back five is beginning to pay dividends.
Stockdale remains the first-choice goalkeeper while it's difficult to argue the case for any defensive swaps.
"I wasn't waiting with baited breath" Birmingham City manager Steve Cotterill's transcript
Midfield
Keeping changes to a minimum is key to extending the momentum that's been created over the last month or so.
Operating on the proviso that Davis is out - it's a straight swap with Gardner coming in. Lowe is another option for Blues but it's anther quick turnaround with the replay against Huddersfield on Tuesday.
Alongside Gardner it's Kieftenbeld and Ndoye, keeping the same shape.
Attack
Again, making only enforced changes, Maghoma's places it taken by Adams.
There's a temptation to bring in Jota but Adams will do a better job of replacing the energy lost by Davis and Maghoma's absences.
We saw how useful pacey breaks can be for Blues against Sunderland and Adams, with Tuesday's goalscorers Gallagher and Boga, is the best option to look to do that again.
There's also scope for Adams and Boga to swap sides during the game.
4-2-1-3: Stockdale, Colin, Roberts, Dean, Grounds, Kieftenbeld, Gardner, Ndoye, Adams, Gallagher, Boga.
Let us know who you think Cotterill should select by using the widget above.
All you need to know
Birmingham City take on Sheffield Wednesday on Saturday looking to break their four-year Hillsborough duck.
Blues haven't scored at the stadium since 2014 and haven't won there since 2006.
But confidence is rising with Steve Cotterill's side having taken 10 points from their last five matches after the 3-1 win over Sunderland on Tuesday.
Blues can also take encouragement from their 1-0 victory over the Owls earlier this season.
Here's a full preview ahead of the match.
Match details
Kick off is at 3:00pm at Hillsborough on Saturday, 3 February.
The match has not been chosen for live TV coverage but fans can catch the highlights on Channel 5's Championship show which begins at 9pm.
You can follow the action with our Blues live blog while BBC WM will provide commentary.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Team news
The hosts could be boosted by Marco Matias' return to action with the Portuguese forward having trained ahead of the game.
However Barry Bannan and Keiren Westwood have suffered fresh setbacks in their recoveries, while Gary Hooper, Sam Hutchinson and Steven Fletcher are sidelined with long-term injuries.
How Birmingham City are expected to line up against Sheffield Wednesday - and who could miss out
Cotterill's policy of consistent team selection for league matches in recent weeks could be rocked with David Davis and Jacques Maghoma doubtful.
Both players starred in the 3-1 victory over Sunderland on Tuesday evening before they were brought off.
Maghoma pulled his groin while Davis hurt his thigh.
"One is 50/50 and nip and tuck and the other one probably won't play, so that's where we are with them," said Cotterill.
Isaac Vassell is the only long-term absentee.
Blues boss Steve Cotterill says
"There has been a lot of money spent at Sheffield Wednesday over the last couple of years.
"There has been an expensive squad assembled. They had a very good season last year, obviously lost out toward the back end of the season.
"But you know what this Championship is like, it's a difficult league and themselves and Reading have obviously found it difficult this year on the back of a high season.
"But I've no doubt they'll come again because they're a very big club and from time to time it happens you go through these tough times.
"Carlos is not there anymore. He's someone I know from meeting him a few years ago in pre-season trip and obviously playing against him.
"They've obviously changed since then and changed their formation. But that's something we know enough about and by tomorrow we'll be prepared and ready to go again."
"I wasn't waiting with baited breath" Birmingham City manager Steve Cotterill's transcript
Sheffield Wednesday manager Jos Luhukay says
“I am pleased with the progress of the team and the confidence is growing.
“We go into the game with a good feeling and it is important we have 100% focus and concentration to move to a better position in the league.
“We have trust in the team and hopefully in the next weeks we can welcome back our injured players to make us strong.”
Predicted XIs
Sheffield Wednesday: Wildsmith, Palmer, Venancio, Pudil, Thorniley, Fox, Reach, Butterfield, Pelupessy, Wallace.
Blues: Stockdale, Colin, Roberts, Dean, Grounds, Kieftenbeld, Gardner, Ndoye, Adams, Gallagher, Boga.
Who is the referee?
The man in the middle is Scott Duncan.
The last Blues match he was in charge of was the 6-1 defeat at Hull City in September.
Duncan didn't show any cards but awarded Hull a penalty.
He will be assisted by Daniel Robathan and Philip Dermott. The fourth official is Geoff Eltringham.
What are the bookies saying?
Sheffield Wednesday 23/20
Draw 21/10
Blues 13/5.
CTV Ottawa
A teenage girl is in life-threatening condition after being stabbed downtown Tuesday night.
Police say it happened around 6:00 p.m. in the area of Colonel By Drive and Laurier Avenue West. They're currently searching for suspects.
Paramedics say the woman was stabbed in the stomach.
Colonel By was closed from Daly Avenue to Main Street for the investigation.
It has since re-opened.
/ Front page / News
AFTER successfully touring her stage play Under the Mango Tree in Canada and the United States for more than eight years, Fiji-born stage actress Veenesh Dubois feels it is time to give back to her country of birth.
For those who do not know her, Veenesh is a playwright and actress who has acted in many stage plays in theatres around Canada and the US.
She was born in Ba and grew up at Rarawai, a quiet sugar mill town with government assisted quarters for the workers to bring up their families in.
Veenesh was holidaying in the country with her husband last month.
"I didn't get into acting until I was almost 30 and had three children," she said. "It was really my husband who encouraged me to go to theatre school and pursue my dreams of becoming an actor. Once I completed theatre school, I was on a roll with acting gigs all over Canada and the US."
Under the Mango Tree is about the struggle Veenesh and her father had in their father-daughter relationship, about growing up in Fiji, and how her father left for Canada to make a home for them. It is a one-woman show where she acts and directs the play.
"That was a story that people related to even though they were from different countries but they felt aspects of that in their life," she said. "The inspiration behind Under the Mango Tree is my father because I now understand the risk he took to travel to Canada where he didn't know anybody and tried to build a new life."
The show received several five stars from reviewers and positive comments.
Mrs Dubois says she wants to hold a three-day workshop on acting and creating stories in Fiji.
She hopes to teach theatre skills in voice, movement, story writing and presentation.
"After the workshop's completion, I would like to present Under the Mango Tree as a theatre event."
Mr Dubois said Fijians interested in acting or attending a workshop can email her on veeneshdubois@yahoo.ca.
"I'm happy to rent a theatre or auditorium and we can work together on it," she said.
By Andrew Ashton for the Gisborne Herald
More than a decade after they were made, the lonely streets of Blue Bay at Mahia could at last have homes for company.
Real estate agent Bayleys is offering 35 sections across a 2.9ha area of the waterfront Blue Bay subdivision as part of a mortgagee sale, with instructions that the sections must be sold.
The controversial conversion of Blue Bay Motor Camp into a private development, and the subsequent marketing of the sections for sale, caused both local and national consternation at the highest level in the mid-2000s.
Advertisement
The project was the subject of a New Zealand-made documentary film called The Last Resort.
Bayleys Gisborne saleswoman Katie Bowen said the mortgagee would prefer to sell all 35 lots in one unified portfolio, but would consider tenders for individual sections or smaller blocks of multiple sections.
The 35 lots now for sale still have the original utility services connected to their boundary lines. Ms Bowen said they might need some maintenance work to make them operative.
The prime coastal Mahia sections range in size from 672 to 1131 square metres.
Latest Wairoa District Council rating valuations on the sections range from $67,000 to $143,000, well down from the $650,000 price tags associated with some of the plots when they first went on sale 12 years ago.
"We expect strong interest from developers and individuals along the East Coast, as well as Auckland, Tauranga and Wellington," Ms Bowen said.
Ms Bowen said the mortgagee sale would, ironically, be targeted at the local market "and within the reach of both the Gisborne and Hawke's Bay holiday home prospective buyer markets".
Ms Bowen said Mahia Peninsula's global profile had recently "skyrocketed", literally, with Rocket Lab building its launching facility in the area.
"This part of the East Coast has traditionally drawn visitor numbers based on its natural attractions - fishing, surfing, diving and bush walks.
Cape Canaveral of NZ?
"However, as the frequency of Rocket Lab's satellite launches increases, Mahia could well become the Cape Canaveral of New Zealand, and attract a whole new visitor sector.
"That could have a consequential effect on the demand for holiday homes in the area."
The site was home to Blue Bay Motor Camp for about 60 years until it closed in the early 2000s.
It was landscaped into the genesis of an exclusive residential enclave by a Wellington property developer who set about constructing paved avenues and installing infrastructure, including street lighting, sewerage, drainage and a water supply system.
Under its original layout, completed in 2004, the subdivision contained 44 sections set among grass-covered sand dunes. Seven sections were sold to private individuals, with Wairoa District Council buying two further sites in 2012 to establish the Opoutama Community Wastewater Scheme.
The roads and streets associated with the Blue Bay subdivision, and the original water and sewerage scheme installed some 13 years ago, have been passed on to Wairoa District Council to operate.
The developer faced financial difficulties and the Blue Bay subdivision was taken back by the mortgagee. It was subsequently sold to a second developer in 2008, shortly before the global financial crisis struck, and the asset has remained dormant since then.
Sale by mortgagee tender
The site is being marketed for sale by mortgagee tender, with tenders closing at 2pm on September 13.
Wairoa District Council economic development and engagement manager Kitea Tipuna said the council was involved with issuing freehold titles and other infrastructure work for Blue Bay back in 2006.
"The council is keen to see Blue Bay become a place where locals and visitors alike are able to enjoy the beauty of Blue Bay, Mahia Peninsula and the rest of the Wairoa district."
The controversial sale of the land in the early 2000s started years of protests from some residents, who opposed the sale of the site because it had not been land-banked for Treaty of Waitangi claims.
Before that sale, the land was freeholded by LandCorp under instructions from the Government, under Section 62 of the Land Act.
Landcorp had previously stated that in accordance with Government instructions, all leasehold land parcels were offered for sale to the leaseholders before LandCorp Investments was wound up.
Protests stopped in 2006 after a "naked protest" by local women.
06 June 2017 – Soup maker is one of the latest inventions, employed in cookery. This powerful appliance allows everyone, who likes eating healthy home-made food, preparing the desired soup fast, hassle-free and extremely easy. Unquestionably, soup maker is a great solution for people, who are busy or simply don't like cooking at all, while adding the required ingredients in a specific order.
Taking into account the usefulness of soup maker together with its fantastic features, almost all brand manufacturers of home appliances offer their models of this unique device for kitchen, which is expected to become essential for every housewife in the nearest future. The fact is that at the present time you can find a large variety of soup makers. This variety can be not just impressive and diverse, but also quite confusing for an average consumer. Consequently, for those, who have no experience in cooking with soup maker, it can be a hard task to choose the right model of this device. In order to pick the right soup maker, it's of great importance to bring into confrontation your requirements and expectations with the actual functions of all available models of soup makers. And certainly, it's necessary to browse all the testimonials, while getting familiar with the opinion of consumers, who already use the particular soup makers.
The best way to get acquainted with the descriptions of the most popular soup makers as well as to detect more reliable and functional device, it's reasonable to visit an internet resource, which provides the honest review of top soup makers. Under this circumstance the Soup Diet website is the right spot to get the comprehensive information about the largest list of soup makers, while learning the characteristics along with the exceptional functions of every single model of soup maker.
About Soup Diet:
Soup Diet is the best destinations for all those people, who prefer healthy cooking and look for the effective ways to keep a healthy diet. This website helps to find the right diet, and so, to achieve your objectives. In such a way, visiting this resource you'll be able to read the reviews of top 10 soup diet books, presenting to the readers the most delicious and wholesome soup recipes. All these reviews are based upon the popularity and results of the most well-liked soup makers, which means that they were already tried by soup lovers and those, who're inspired by the idea of healthy dishes.
Contact:
Company Name: Soup Diet
Review URL: http://soup-diet.co.uk/which-soup-maker/
Website: http://soup-diet.co.uk/
Selena Gomez has released the music video for her new single “Bad Liar.”
Related: Selena Gomez on ‘Intentional, Refreshing, & Moody' New Album
The visual, which was directed by Jesse Peretz, features Gomez playing multiple roles including a high school student, her blonde alter-ego, and her own parents (both the man and woman).
The clip ends with a title card that reads “Coming Soon,” followed by the word “Fetish.” Is this the title of Selena's new album or next single? Only time will tell.
Check out the video for “Bad Liar” below.
By Daud Olatunji
ABEOKUTA—Former President Olusegun Obasanjo has congratulated the re-elected President of Kenya, Uhuru Kenyatta.
In a letter to Kenyatta dated August 12, 2017, copy which was made available to newsmen in Abeokuta yesterday, Obasanjo however suggested that for stability of democracy in the East African country, there was need for the investigation of the alleged result manipulation during the election.
Obasanjo said: “Most elections in Africa today have some elements of push and pull immediately before, during or after the elections, and the latest Kenyan election is not an exception. But such a situation rather than being seen as a challenge should be seen as an opportunity to bind the wounds and unite a country divided by the electoral process.”
He further explained that his earlier position on the anxiety of the world on the election, was premised on past violence, which trailed similar elections in the country in 2008.
According to Obasanjo: “All friends of Kenya were anxious that there should be no similar violence that followed the election in 2008. So far, so good and thanks to God. “May I crave your indulgence to suggest that for stability of democracy in Kenya and for the interest of the people of Kenya as a whole, that the allegations of manipulation of results in the process of transmission should be thoroughly investigated with appropriate measures taken to ensure integrity of future elections, as may be necessary.
“I pray that God will give you the grace and the wisdom to continue to give Kenya the leadership it requires as a united, cohesive, stable, secure and progressive country.”
Pricey organic T-shirts and scratchy hemp may be the first things that spring to mind when you picture ethical fashion. But over the past few years “conscious fashion” that is both desirable and fashionable has been on the rise. Sustainability is also now glamorous enough to have celebrity supporters – with Rooney Mara, Olivia Munn, and Emma Roberts all donning ethical gowns to this years Oscars as part of the Green Carpet Challenge.
Eco-collections have now become a regular part of the high-street's output each season. But are they simply token gestures or is the high street finally addressing issues in environmental wastage, unregulated manufacturing and the fast pace of the fashion system itself?
Mango is the latest high-street store to make moves in the ethical production front with their 45-piece sustainable collection, Mango Committed. Purposefully neutral and natural in colour – it's all about minimalist shapes rendered in earthy tones.
Mango Committed jacket (€69.95), T-shirt (€15.95)
To create the collection, the brand worked with manufacturers in Morocco, Portugal, and Turkey to source and use fabrics such as organic cotton and recycled polyester. While last season, the reigning champion of all thing fast fashion, Zara, debuted an ethical collection entitled JoinLife. The offering of neutral-toned trousers, tops and dresses are made with materials like organic cotton, recycled wool and Tercel, meant to reduce the brand's environment impact.
Mango Committed collection dress, €99.95.
Recycled cardboard
In addition to introducing the new collection, Zara has been making other efforts to be more sustainable – shipping in boxes made of recycled cardboard and adding clothing donation bins in their store.
Zara JoinLife collection jumper (€39.95), top (€15.95), trousers (€39.95).
Little by little we are edging towards a better high street. At the helm of making sustainability fashionable and accessible to the masses is H&M. Across their entire offering, 26 per cent is now made from sustainable materials with their Conscious collection as a key part of their move towards a more ethical future.
H&M Conscious Collection has introduced menswear and childrenswear this season.
For this year's Conscious Exclusive collection, H&M is introducing it's most innovative sustainable material yet – Bionic, a recycled polyester made from plastic shoreline waste (think plastic bottles, takeaway containers, grocery bags). Apart from the ladies' Conscious pieces, new for this years collection are menswear and childrenswear too.
Competition
A dress made entirely from farming waste such as baler twine, silage wrap, hay netting and turkey feathers as part of the Junk Kouture competition.
And it's not just the high-street looking towards innovative materials to produce ethical fashion, finalists of the Junk Kouture secondary school competition have been challenged to create unique and original outfits from recycled materials and junk. Sarah Clarke, Jane O'Brien and Rebecca O'Rourke from St Joseph Mercy Secondary School in Navan, made a dress entirely from farming waste such as baler twine, silage wrap, hay netting and turkey feathers. The Tangled Threads team consisting of Aisha Saka, Muireann Carton and Munachi Soribe from Sacred Heart Secondary School, Tullamore, used pre-worn synthetic hair extensions as their material of choice.
Another Junk Kouture team used pre-worn synthetic hair extensions as their material of choice.
The Junk Kouture grand final takes place at 3Arena on April 27th. For more information www.junkkouture.com
H&M Conscious Collection launches in selected stores and online on April 20 www.hm.com/ie
At least 15 Palestinians, including eight minors, have been arrested by Israeli forces during overnight military raids in the occupied West Bank.
Palestine's Ma'an news agency said three of the detentions took place in an area near a military checkpoint in the western part of the occupied West Bank city of Tulkarm on Monday.
The Palestinian Prisoners' Society (PPS) said in a statement that eight Palestinians, including five minors aged between 15 and 17 years old, had also been arrested in occupied Jerusalem al-Quds.
Local sources said the rest of the detentions took place after Israeli forces invaded the town of Beit Ummar, located eleven kilometers northwest of al-Khalil (Hebron).
The Tel Aviv regime only confirmed a total of three overnight detentions, two from Beit Ummar and one from al-Khalil.
Israeli forces conduct night raids across the occupied Palestinian territory on a nearly daily basis. According to United Nations documents, Israel carried out 178 military raids in the occupied territories between December 13 and 26, 2016 to detain Palestinians.
More than 7,000 Palestinians are reportedly held at Israeli jails. Hundreds of the inmates have apparently been incarcerated under the practice of administrative detention, which is a policy under which Palestinian inmates are kept in Israeli detention facilities without trial or charge.
Some Palestinian prisoners have been held in administrative detention for up to eleven years.
The Palestinian inmates regularly stage hunger strikes in protest at the administrative detention policy and their harsh prison conditions.
The occupied Palestinian territories have witnessed tensions ever since Israel imposed restrictions on the entry of Palestinian worshipers into the al-Aqsa Mosque compound in East Jerusalem al-Quds in August 2015.
More than 270 Palestinians have lost their lives at the hands of Israeli forces in the tensions since the beginning of October that year.
Ross Taylor's New Zealand record-equalling 17th test century at Seddon Park yesterday again raises the old chestnut: who is the country's finest test batsman.
Quite clearly New Zealand is fortunate to have both Taylor and Kane Williamson in tandem as possibly the world's best one-two punch at Nos 3 and 4 in the test order.
Williamson, who started his career with a century against India in Ahmedabad in 2010, is poised to go on and become the country's heaviest runmaker and break all the records on offer.
Taylor freely acknowledges that. But that's for somewhere down the line.
Advertisement
Now Taylor has the chance to beat Williamson to become, even if temporarily, the (scorer) of the most test hundreds for New Zealand.
England arrives for two tests at the finish of the summer. Should Taylor take his chance at Eden Park or Hagley Oval in Christchurch, and Williamson comes up short, the mark will be Taylors. In time, Williamson seems sure to nail it.
Taylor might like the idea of pushing on to become New Zealand's top test runmaker.
Former skipper Stephen Fleming heads that list on 7172 runs and sits 45th on the alltime top list; Brendon McCullum, who took over the captaincy from Taylor at a fractious time within New Zealand cricket, is 54th on 6453. Taylor is 56th and up to 6246 runs.
One player who would win votes in any competition is former captain and national coach Glenn Turner. He would be the odd one out in the group as he was an opener, requiring a different set of skills, a scorer of more than 100 first-class centuries, and a technical master.
But the other three have more tests, higher averages and more centuries to their credit.
How to separate them.
‌
Crowe, the former holder of New Zealand's highest test score, 299 against Sri Lanka in Wellington in 1990-91, had a tough test initiation against Australia's fast-bowling double menace Dennis LIllee and Jeff Thomson, and had a disappointing closing to his career, bedevilled by injury.
He had a dominant presence at the crease and was undoubtedly world class and a perfectionist. Had he played elsewhere in the world where they play more test cricket, there's not much doubt his average would have been several runs higher.
Martin Crowe's highest score in test cricket was 299. Photosport
Taylor, 33, had a shaky start to his career in South Africa but once given another opportunity grabbed it with a century against England in Hamilton in 2008.
With that came a realization.
"I could belong, I could play at this level," he said last night.
Six of his centuries have come after turning 30 and his 290 against Australia in Perth two seasons ago was a monument to patience in considerable heat.
Crowe missed his 300 by a solitary single; Taylor came up 10 runs short.
The battle for top dog has tended to be seen as a straight shootout between Crowe and Williamson for the honour of New Zealand's best, but Taylor must now be in any discussion.
Williamson, 27, makes batting look easy, and can score deceptively fast. His is a technique built on total dedication to his craft. His strokemaking is exquisite.
CTV Vancouver
Mounties in North Vancouver are searching for a suspect after an elderly woman was allegedly assaulted in her apartment Thursday.
In a statement, police said the 89-year-old victim was alone in her Lynn Valley apartment when a man dressed as a construction worker came to the door and asked to use the washroom.
After she let him into the unit, the suspect allegedly exposed his genitals and assaulted the woman.
The man left the scene following what investigators called "a short altercation."
"Given the serious nature of the crime, both the North Vancouver RCMP Serious Crime and Special Victim Units have put their resources into solving this investigation," Const. Brett Cunningham said in a statement. "Fortunately the victim was not seriously injured and remains in good spirits even after being victim to such a disturbing offence."
According to police, the man was wearing white disposable overalls with a hood with navy pants and a navy sweater underneath. Police say the suspect is between 20 and 30 years old and stands 5-10 to 6 feet tall. He has a slim build, dark hair, dark eyes and olive skin.
Mounties have also released a composite sketch of the suspect.
Anyone with information on the man's whereabouts is asked to contact investigators at 604-985-1311 and quote file number 2018-2583.
6:35 Video shown at SLO Chamber of Commerce dinner draws allegations of sexism Pause
0:40 Oroville dam break would flood almost 200,000 California residents in 7 hours
1:29 Hiking Boucher Trail at Piedras Blancas
1:42 Water gushes at California's Lake Oroville dam
1:44 Trump administration putting 'Iran on notice'
1:23 Under threat of Oroville dam, hundreds find shelter at Nevada County Fairgrounds
1:32 Press Secretary says press should focus more on leaks than Flynn's resignation
1:48 Trucks, helicopters dump loads of boulders in rush to fortify Oroville dam spillway
4:11 What you need to know about the massive Oroville dam emergency in California
Greg Gourdet at the 2012 Wild About Game competition. Image: Allison Jones
Nicky USA's Wild About Game competition is always a sweet little event: four Seattle chefs go up against four hometown chefs on Mount Hood, fueled by quail, rabbit, pheasant, elk, squab, wild boar, and more. But this year, chefs are really putting their knives on the line: Ruth Reichl, former editor-in-chief of Gourmet magazine and legendary food critic, will be calling the shots. She's joined by Portland Monthly food critic Karen Brooks (fresh off her James Beard win), and Food & Wine magazine editor Justin Chapple. So … no pressure, chefs.
Not only do ticket holders get to see what Spanish modernist Jose Chesa does with something like elk, they also get access to the Artisan Marketplace, a sprawling bazaar of spirits, coffee, cured meats, sweets, and ice cream.
The 17th annual competition falls on Oct 8 this year, held at Resort at the Mountain in Welches, Oregon—a departure from the event's usual digs at Timberline Lodge. Tickets ($69) go on sale July 8 at nickyusa.com.
Here's the roster for 2017:
Portland
Jose Chesa, Chesa
Matt Sigler, Renata
Sarah Schafer, Irving St. Kitchen
Phil Oswalt, MAC
Seattle
Paul Osher, Porkchop & Co.
Jason Stratton, Mbar
Andrew Gregory & Ricardo Valdes, The London Plane
Chris Lobkovich, Quinn's Pub
Cardinals reportedly spoke to Blaine Gabbert about contract extension
The Arizona Cardinals may well see Blaine Gabbert as their stopgap quarterback for the immediate future.
According to Mike Jurecki of Arizona Sports 98.7, the Cardinals have reached out to Gabbert's representatives to discuss a contract extension for the would-be free agent.
Hearing the Cardinals have reached out Blaine Gabbert representatives regarding a contract extension. https://t.co/suRH0VpQ90 — Mike Jurecki (@mikejurecki) December 11, 2017
Carson Palmer's future is murky, as he was considering whether he'd play in 2018 even before going down for the season with a broken arm. The Cardinals may need something of a bridge quarterback, and are apparently satisfied with Gabbert's contributions both on the field and behind the scenes. There appears to be a real desire to keep him around for at least another season — for better or worse.
Colliers India NCR Facilities Management (FM) Team further strengthened its market position by securing a project with Tata Housing. This latest Property Management project for Tata called ‘Gurgaon Gateway' located at sector 112, Gurgaon is ~8,50,000 sq.ft. The ‘Gurgaon Gateway' project sets a new benchmark for luxurious living and modern architecture and has an incredible amount of green cover inspired by the Hanging Gardens of Babylon.
Colliers International India has been managing multiple residential projects of Tata, across India. In a very short span of time, the Colliers FM team has proven its capabilities and through continuous service excellence, the team has managed to acquire the Gurgaon Gateway project as well.
“Our market intelligence, expertise and drive to work towards consistent improvement on service delivery has enabled us to grow with our existing clients and increase our clientele. We are confident to further nurture our expertise and aim to set a new standard of Facilities Management, not just in NCR, but across India”, said Jaswant Singh I Director (NCR) I Facilities Management I Colliers International India.
China: Looking attractive and wearing the perfect attire is all dependent on the fashion you sport. To be different in the crowd is a desire that prevails among all of us. Now-a-days outfit of the person characterizes them and therefore it becomes crucial for everyone to look best at every moment, be it the workplace or a family meeting. Fashion is not just about clothes, but it is all about dressing sense, accessories, the latest heels or shoes, and hairstyles. The style is beyond culture and represents the ongoing trend in the society.
Streetwear-clothing.com is known to produce a variety of Hip Hop clothing in funky colors and styles. The color combinations of these dresses are unique, and the craftsmen have made these outfits keeping in mind the latest texture and designs. It has an oversized look, bright color and latest patterns making them perfect clothing to suit every customer. Different types of hoodies, tees, jacket, jeans, and accessories are also available at an affordable price.
In the race of fashion, women are mostly highlighted, and most of the fashion products are for women starting from hairstkits, makeup kit, different types of dresses and accessories. Streetwear women also have a variety to offer. Latest designs and floral patterns are used crafted on hoddies, jeans, jackets and t-shirts. The all women section features Long Sleeve Sweatshirt, Marilyn Monroe Printed sweatshirt, Printed oversize sweaters and embroidered hoodie. They also have a collection for hot and winter climatic conditions.
The store has a wide section for the summer season which includes off white t shirts, Marilyn Monroe cotton T-shirt, Printing T-shirts, Oil Painting T-Shirt, and Kanye West Oversize t-shirts. White is everyone's favorite especially during summer season. High-quality raw materials were used in making these t-shirts, it lasts long, and the colors do not wash away. One can use it roughly and clean as much as required. Customers can view the image of the product they want to see and place an order online. The company accepts customers globally, and ensures orders are delivered on time.
The company has a well-designed website where customers can visit and place order quite easily. Each product Is well-categorized to facilitate the buyer to select a product depending on their requirements with ease. One will only need to move to a particular section and browse through their collection.
About Streetwear-clothing.com
Streetwear-clothing.com is an online ecommerce company established five years ago, and Tyler Liu promotes it. It has been one of the affordable e-commerce sites and offers the latest outfits as well as accessories to its customers. It has many satisfied clients all around the globe. To know more, please visit their official website.
Contact:
Person: Tyler Liu
Company: Shenzhen MiBaoSpace Technology Co.,Ltd.
Add: 501-B11 Haide Building A Nanxin Road Nanshan District Shenzhen Guangdong CN
Tel: +86 13221717614
Site: https://www.streetwear-clothing.com
Email: service@streetwear-clothing.com
*Order turns bloody in Nnewi
*Total compliance in Aba, Onitsha, Nnewi, Enugu
*Police arrests Onwuka, 21 Biafra zionists in Enugu
By Chioma Gabriel, Vincent Ujumadu, Anayo Okoli, Chidi Nkwopara, Ugochukwu Alaribe, Peter Okutu, Chinonso Alozie, Dennis Agbo, Chimaobi Nwaiwu & Davies Iheamnachor
In what can be described as about 70 per cent compliance of the sit-at home order at the instance of the Indigenous People of Biafra, IPOB, yesterday, many parts of the south east zone were shut down for business and other economic activities apart from Ebonyi and a few other places that recorded skeletal activities.
The sit-at-home was in remembrance of Biafran fallen heroes and those killed in the struggle for the actualization of Biafra.
Reports across states in the south east revealed that shops, markets and banks were shut down in Enugu, Aba, Onitsha and Nnewi while Awka and Ebonyi recorded activities. Similarly, sit-at-home order was ignored in Owerri and Umuahia.
In Abakaliki, the sit-at-home order flopped as citizens of the state were seen going about their normal businesses without harassment and intimidation
Governor David Umahi of Ebonyi State had during his May 29th Democracy celebration warned that any trader that closed his shop in line with the directive of IPOB would forfeit it forever.
In Awka, what was perceived as fear of what might happen kept most people indoors in the morning hours, even as those who carried out their businesses had nothing to worry about.
Banks in Awka also operated without any molestation, just as government and private offices were also open for businesses.
How the sit-at-home was observed:
Total compliance in Enugu
Enugu State witnessed total compliance in observing the day.
A tour around Enugu town by Vanguard showed that few movements were noticed as shops, markets and schools remain closed with few people seen around, although few commercial transport businesses were seen making brisk business and picking up few commuters who had come out.
At the ever busy Main Market Enugu, nearly all the shops were closed. The few opened shops were seen selling to few customers who came to make purchases.
A businessman at Ogbete main line who deals on cosmetics and medical products, Cosmas Agbo, who spoke with Vanguard said: “Even though my shop is opened, I support the Biafran struggle and my heart is with them. Nobody has come to my shop to buy but I'm still here.”
A visit to some secondary schools and tertiary institutions in Enugu showed total compliance in the remembrance day celebration.
Nsukka
In Nsukka,business and social engagements were on partially as few people were seen moving about major spots in the area.
At Ogige market, few traders were seen opening their shops and business places while many others were under lock and key.
Other traders were seen milling around in front of their shops, while others gathered in small groups chatting and conversing about the day's development.
At some transport companies in the area, few buses were seen parked in the premises with few commuters purchasing tickets for their journey.
“They said we should not open our shops, so, I just decided to come around and see what is happening. I just want to be around my shop in case something bad happens,” Okey Eze, one of the traders in the market said.
Shops, schools, banks closed in Onitsha
There was total compliance in Onitsha and Nnewi with all the markets and shops in the two cities shut. Commercial banks in the two cities, roads and streets markets all observed the directive as people stayed back in their homes in observance of the directive.
All the Federal highways especially Onitsha-Enugu expressway, from Asaba end of the road to Zik's Roundabout to New Motor Spare Parts Nkpor, down to former Ogbunike Toll gate were ghosts of themselves as motorists and people deserted the roads in observance of the sit-at-home order.
As early as 6am when Vanguard visited Upper Iweka, while returning from Nnewi, Upper Iweka which is known for its busy nature was deserted, even Newspaper distribution to Owerri and Awka was impossible as vehicles that distribute them were no where to be seen.
IPOB member shot in Nnewi
Even with the total compliance of the sit-at-home order in Nnewi, a member of the IPOB was allegedly shot in a clash with a combined team of the Army and Police at St Mary's Anglican Church junction Nnewi.
According to an eye witness, as early as 7:30am, some people suspected to be members of IPOB started making bonfire and blocking the roads. When they were accosted by the combined team of Police and Army who tried to stop them, there was altercation which led to the shooting of the victim at St Mary's Anglican Church junction.
“The incident resulted to gathering of people in small groups, discussing the IPOB issues in low tunes, while the Police, Army and local vigilance groups on joint patrol moved from street to street clearing the roads for vehicular and human movement,” an eye witness said.
No movement in Port Harcourt
There was huge success of the order in many areas of Rivers State, especially Port-Harcourt where most businesses are owned and operated by Igbos.
At Oyibo Local Government area of the state, the border LGA of Abia State, business activities were totally paralysed as the order witnessed total compliance.
The popular Ikoku spare parts market and some shops were opened for business activities. The same situation was replicated at Garrison market and Kala iron market.
A business owner at Mile 1 Market, who simply gave his name as Uchechukwu said the order was not binding on every Igbo man, adding that it was “for those who believe in the activities of IPOB that are mandated to obey the order.”
Tragedy in Aba
Tragedy struck in Aba, Abia State when soldiers shot dead a young man near Uratta junction, Port Harcourt Road area of the city.
Eyewitnesses told Vanguard that some hoodlums invaded the area and started enforcing the sit -at-home order, stopping residents who were going about their businesses.
“Some hoodlums came to the road and started harassing people that they should go home because of the order. As they were forcing people to obey the order, a patrol team of soldiers came to the area and started shooting. People ran away but a stray bullet hit a young man,” the eye witness said.
However, there was total compliance as markets, banks and other business centres were shut. Schools were also shut while the roads in the city were deserted as there was no vehicular movement.
Sit-at-home fails in Abakaliki
The IPOB order flopped in Ebonyi State, as citizens of the state were seen going about their normal businesses without harassment and intimidation
When Vanguard visited the Abakaliki Main Market, meat market and Kpirikpiri markets within the metropolis around 9am, they were all opened for business as a joint patrol of security agencies with over 20 vehicles were seen patrolling the streets of the city to forestall any breakdown of law and order.
However, major transport companies like Peace Mass and Ebotrans as at the time of this report were not loading to Aba, Onitsha and Port Harcourt, where they felt people would obey the sit-at-home order of IPOB.
Shops opened in Awka
FEAR of what might happen kept most people in Awka indoors in the morning hours of yesterday following the sit-at-home order by the Indigenous People of Biafra, IPOB, even as those who carried out their businesses had nothing to worry about.
Apart from the commercial city of Onitsha and the industrial town of Nnewi, where business activities were paralyzed in the morning, markets and shops in Awka, the state capital, were opened for business.
Banks in Awka also operated without any molestation, just as government and private offices were also open for businesses.
Vanguard gathered that the leadership of Okada riders held a meeting on Tuesday during which they decided not to observe the sit-at-home, which was why they operated freely in all parts of the capital territory.
In other parts of Anambra State, such as Ihiala, Ekwulobia, Otuocha, Umunze, among others, business activities took place without any hindrance.
Security men were also seen moving in convoys, obviously to ensure that no one was molested.
Reacting on the non compliance in some cities, the IPOB media and publicity secretary, Mr. Emma Powerful said in a telephone interview that it was as a result of attempts by the South East governors to sabotage the event.
Powerful said that in Port Harcourt where he monitored the sit-at-home exercise, the people complied fully, and wondered why core Igbo cities like Awka would do otherwise, if not for the activities of the governors.
Some people who spoke to Vanguard said they stayed at home because they were not certain of what might happen on the streets.
Partial compliance in Owerri
The order was not completely obeyed in Owerri, Imo State.
In Owerri metropolis, some students were seen returning home before the 2pm closing hour.
However, there were free movement of motorists and commuters in the area monitored. Streets like, Wethedral, Douglas, Orji, Assumpta Avenue, Onitsha and Portharcourt were active.
When Vanguard visited Eke-Ukwu market, traders were seen buying and selling their wares.
“I lost two shops in the demolition of Eke Ukwu Market by the government. I lost millions in that act of wickedness. So I have to come out to sell my goods just to get money to feed my children,” said one of the traders, who gave his name only as Enyeribe.
Umuahia
Residents of Umuahia, the Abia State capital did not comply with the sit-at-home order of IPOB as commercial and social activities went on unhindered in the city.
Government offices were opened with civil servants at the State Secretariat going about their normal businesses; private and public schools were also open, except those who were on mid-term break, all the banks in the city opened for normal business as well as markets and shops on the streets.
Commercial vehicles, including Keke operators engaged in their normal businesses.
A civil servant, Emeka Ekwenyi said the sit-at-home was not necessary, as it would only end up inflicting hardship and at times injuries on the people.
“If the IPOB members decided to sit-at-home, it is okay for them, but they should impose it on the people. Like I said every Igbo man believes in Biafra but the way to get it is not the way IPOB goes about it. I think they should be civil and work with elders of the region”.
MASSOB leads coalition of pro-Biafra groups to support IPOB
Meanwhile, a coalition of pro-Biafra groups yesterday called on the Federal Government of Nigeria to reverse without further delay, the wrong labelling of peaceful non-violent unarmed people agitatitain for Biafra, particularly, the Indigenous People of Biafra, IPOB as terrorist group.
The call was made by Dr Dozie Ikedife and MASSOB leader Comrade Uchenna at Rojenny Tourist Village during the coalitions 51st Annivinersary in celebration of a Biafra Declarationby Dim Chukwuemeka Odumegwu Ojukwu.
In an address presented by Dr Ikedife, he said: “All who are hungry for self determination for pepple of Biafra land through either legal process, diplomatic process, dialogue consuktation, referrandum or legislative process should come together and speak with one mind and voice.
“In-fighting is totally negative and counterproductive, now that many groups have emerged, allare talking about one issue.”
Comrade Madu in his speech said: “We may disagree as a different group due to ideological differences but we are all working together to achieve Biafra.”
Police arrests Onwuka, 21 Biafra
The Enugu State Police command said it arrested over twenty-one members of Biafra Zionist Federation, BZF, including it's leader Mr. Benjamin Onwuka on the Biafra Day celebration.
Onwuka was recently granted bail after many years of incaceration for attempt to declare a republic of Biafra on an Enugu live radio.
Enugu State Police Spokesman, Ebere Amaraizu who confirmed arrest of Onwuka and others on Wednesday said: “Our operatives today nabbed the leader of Biafran Zionist Movement identified as one Bejamin Onwuka alongside some of his members numbering about 21.
“He was nabbed within the Enugu metropolis alongside his members based on the intelligence information.”
Onwuka has been standing trial in the court of competent court of jurisdiction over his alleged role of murder, Armed Robbery and unlawful possession of firearms before he resurfaced today but fell into the hands of the eagle-eyed security operatives of the command.”
Amaraizu said the suspects were helping the operatives in their investigation.
He further noted that “there were movement of vehicles, commuters and traders within and outside the metropolis contrary to the early threat and order of SIT AT HOME.
“Security operatives were seen at strategic places just as shops, media houses, markets and banks were open to the members of the public.”zionists in Enugu
Biafra National Guard launches
Meanwhile, the Biafra National Gaurd, BNG, said they used the auspices of the Biafra Day to launch a transitional government, noting that the sit at home is a mark of respect and acceptance of the government of Biafra by the people.
Spokesman BNG, Nsikak Apkan said the Biafran Transitional Government will continue to oversee affairs pending when their leader shall make a live broadcast.
Nsikak Apkan in a press statement in Enugu revealed that the unveiling of the new government was for effective and speedy restoration of Biafra and “following the review of Biafran Shadow Government.”
He said: “The people of Biafra make neither war, nor peace, with the state or people of Nigeria, rather, we exercise a natural right, a popular right, a political right, and a right supported by United Nations Organisation Charter and International Laws- the right to Self-determination.”transitional govt
IPOB celebrates success of sit-at-home
Meantime, the Indigenous People of Biafra, IPOB, yesterday celebrated the success recorded in yesterday's sit-at-home in the south-east and some parts of the south-south.
A statement issued by IPOB Media and Publicity Secretary, Emma Powerful reads:“We the family members of IPOB worldwide wish to congratulate all Biafrans and lovers of freedom all over Biafraland and various parts of Southern Nigeria who contributed immensely towards the successful outcome of our heroes remembrance day by sitting at home as directed by the leadership of IPOB. We salute the uncommon courage and resoluteness of all Biafrans that defied the military threats, intimidation from Arewa Consultative Forum and S'East governors to sit-at-home across the length and breadth of Biafraland.”
This undated image provided by Tennis Canada shows Anne Marie D'Amico. Toronto City Councilor Cesar Palacio has identified one of the victims of Monday, April 24, 2018 van incident as Anne Marie D'Amico. Tennis Canada via AP)
Follow CBSMIAMI.COM: Facebook | Twitter
WELLS, ME (CBS Local) – A friendly dog's “thank you” to the firefighter who rescued him from a roof has gone viral.
The pup in Wells, Maine got himself into a rough situation over the Memorial Day weekend when he escaped out the second floor window of his owner's home and was trapped on a small porch roof.
“We received numerous calls but one concerned citizen, Phil Burke, discovered him early on and notified us. Another awesome citizen stood by with the dog until we could arrive on scene!” Wells Police wrote on Facebook.
When a firefighter climbed up to help the dog get back inside, the grateful pup became more interested in showing his appreciation than getting off the roof. Police on the ground recorded the friendly dog circling Fire Department Captain Jeff Nawfel and giving him a bunch of kisses on the face before getting a final nudge back into his home.
The dog's “thank you” was posted on May 27 and has already been viewed over 16,000 times. “Thank you to all that called and helped save him,” officers wrote on Facebook.
“Oi! Get your beak out of my lunch!”
“Well, give us a go of your fork then. Although, between you and me, I'd prefer a bite of a Big Mac any day.”
The expression “bird brain” doesn't look so clever any more, now that we know exactly how smart our feathered friends – especially those of the crow family – can be.
This rook certainly knew which side its bread was buttered when it helped itself to a generous mouthful of the picnic lunch belonging to the baby, who is named in the caption as 21-month-old Karl Daly from Enniskerry, Co Wicklow.
The photo was taken at Dublin Zoo – where, if feathers are to be ruffled, they might reasonably be expected to come in a more exotic set of colours. There's no denying that, with those baggy-trousered leg feathers and that honking great bill, rooks aren't exactly the cutest corvids on the block.
They are, however, famously gabby birds. Anyone who has spent any time near a rookery will have experienced their lengthy busybody conversations as they caw and call back and forth from the tops of tall trees in an apparently endless avian soap opera.
This image turns the tables by having the bolshie baby talk back. Young Karl is fearlessly making eye contact with a wild creature that is almost as big as he is. Beak extended, he may be giving the rook a stern telling off. Or is he waiting – baby bird-style – for his new chum to share?
For the sake of retrospective health and safety, we can only hope not.
But the best thing about our picture is that it celebrates the joy of the unexpected encounter. We go to the zoo to see an Abyssinian hornbill, only to find ourselves up close and personal with an ordinary, everyday rook. It just goes to show that, as the celebrated biologist EO Wilson wrote, when you've seen one ant, one bird, one tree, you have not seen them all.
You can buy this and other Irish Times images from irishtimes.com/photosales. A book, The Times We Lived In, with more than 100 photographs and commentary by Arminta Wallace, published by Irish Times Books (€19.99), is available from irishtimes.com/irishtimesbooks and from bookshops
Oh dear, Warney is at it again.
Ex-Aussie cricket superstar Shane Warne, with a penchant for naughtiness, is showing no signs of slowing down, the Daily Mail reported.
Warne is 47, but any suggestion he is leaving his wild ways behind him were blown away by the man himself, when he hosted a raunchy "back-to-school" New Year's Eve party at his Melbourne mansion.
Social media was quickly awash with female guests arriving for the party in everything from short school dresses to knee-high leather boots.
As the night wore, the pics got hotter and more brazen.
Among Warne's guests at the New Year's bash were were former Australian Rules footballer Sam Newman, a Melbourne personality who has regularly found himself in hot water for alleged misogynist attitudes.
He arrived wearing schoolboy shorts and a shirt, complete with striped tie.
There appeared to be far more women in attendance than male guests, most of whom were spotted arriving solo or surrounded by a group of females. There were claims that one drunk woman appeared to vomit onto the footpath.
Warne posted his own photos from the party, including a group shot taken on his tennis court.
Fun night ahead as we all go back to school for NYE hahah ! Thankyou so much to everyone at #VDK6100 for the amazing bar ! A photo posted by Shane Warne (@shanewarne23) on Dec 31, 2016 at 1:43am PST
"Fun night ahead as we all go back to school for NYE haha!" he captioned the photo.
He also shared a photo of himself looking stylish in a fitted school uniform.
All dressed up in my school uniform for the back to school NYE party ! Bring it on... hahaha A photo posted by Shane Warne (@shanewarne23) on Dec 30, 2016 at 11:51pm PST
"All dressed up in my school uniform for the back to school NYE party ! Bring it on... hahaha," he told his 560,000 followers.
CEDAR RAPIDS, Iowa (KWQC) — More than a week after a terrifying Iowa road rage incident, many are asking why authorities aren't doing anything about it.
A semi driver was heading west on Highway 30 near Cedar Rapids when video shows a white car swerving in front of it and slamming on its brakes. The truck was just inches away from smashing into the back of the car on several occasions.
The driver of the truck says she contacted police, but was told there was nothing that could be done.
Mark Lowe with the Iowa Deptment of Transportation explained.
“I would be careful not to second guess the state patrol because part of what they're evaluating is not only is there a violation there that I can identify but is there enough information to connect that violation to a specific driver so that I can make a citation stick.”
The truck driver says she likely made the driver in the white car angry when he had to wait for her to pass another truck.
The United States is ruling nothing out in its dealings with North Korea, Vice President Mike Pence said Monday during a visit to the heavily militarised border between the two Koreas.
Washington wants to achieve security “through peaceable means, through negotiations. But all options are on the table as we continue to stand shoulder to shoulder with the people of South Korea,” he said at the border village of Panmunjom.
Pence, speaking at Freedom House, a few metres from the military demarcation line that he described as a “frontier of freedom”, said America's relationship with South Korea was “ironclad and immutable”.
“The message of the people of the United States of America is that we seek peace, but America has always sought peace through strength and my message here today standing with US forces Korea, standing with courageous soldiers from the Republic of Korea is a message of resolve.
“The people of North Korea the military of North Korea should not mistake the resolve of the United States of America to stand with our allies.”
Pence's visit to the DMZ comes a day after North Korea's latest missile test failed, when the rocket exploded seconds after blast off.
arb-hg/tm
© Agence France-Presse
Share this Story
Live from the darkest timeline. Twitter/@realDonaldTrump
In a move that will surely lead to radical changes throughout the American carceral state, businesswoman Kim Kardashian West met with President Donald Trump on Wednesday to discuss prison reform, according to the New York Times. Kardashian West was specifically interested in obtaining a pardon for Alice Johnson, a Tennessee woman who has been serving a life sentence since 1996 for a first-time, non-violent drug offense, but according to President Trump, their conversation included broader issues of “prison reform and sentencing.” Getting Alice Johnson out of prison is a noble cause even if larger reforms seem unlikely, and Trump is susceptible to this kind of pitch, so maybe some good will come of this. But in the long term, has anyone ever been glad they lent their celebrity to Donald Trump?
The Kardashian West meeting was a smart move for the Trump administration in two distinct senses. First, Attorney General Jeff Sessions is a fierce proponent of long sentences for drug-related offenses and made a deal with Jared Kushner to take sentencing reform completely off the table early in the administration, so there wasn't any real risk for them. Barring another huge shakeup, the president's discussion with Kardashian West is unlikely to lead to any policy changes that might anger, say, the private prison operators the administration favors. Second, the President of the United States is a social-media obsessed narcissist who is always happy to suggest that celebrities love him. In this case, that meant tweeting a photo that looks like a prop from the most vicious political satire of 2007:
Great meeting with @KimKardashian today, talked about prison reform and sentencing. pic.twitter.com/uOy4UJ41JF — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) May 30, 2018
Look how happy he is! That picture doesn't really fit with the ruthlessly-curated public image Kardashian West is known for, which may explain why her own social media feed's account of the day was photograph-free:
Happy Birthday Alice Marie Johnson. Today is for you 🙏🏼✨ — Kim Kardashian West (@KimKardashian) May 30, 2018
I would like to thank President Trump for his time this afternoon. It is our hope that the President will grant clemency to Ms. Alice Marie Johnson who is serving a life sentence for a first-time, non-violent drug offense. — Kim Kardashian West (@KimKardashian) May 31, 2018
We are optimistic about Ms. Johnson's future and hopeful that she —and so many like her—will get a second chance at life. — Kim Kardashian West (@KimKardashian) May 31, 2018
It remains to be seen if Kardashian West, whose rise to fame was fueled by her empowering, feminist public embrace of the trappings of wealth and power, will face any reputational damage from this dispiriting, anti-feminist public embrace of the trappings of wealth and power.
Noospheric has a new home in the heart of downtown Santa Barbara, just one block from State Street off Chapala and Anapamu streets at 104 W. Anapamu St., Suite K.
To celebrate, the company is holding an Open House from 5:30 to 8 p.m. Thursday, July 11. There is a $20 suggested donation, with all proceeds benefiting the Foodbank of Santa Barbara County.
Click here to RSVP.
Come visit our new and exciting office space, learn about our growing companies, see product demos, network with staff and guests, and enjoy complimentary drinks and hors d'oeuvres.
Help us support the Foodbank of Santa Barbara County by donating or volunteering to help out.
Noospheric LLC is a technology startup accelerator and online marketing agency that has been operating in downtown Santa Barbara since 2007. Led by renowned entrepreneur Jacques Habra, Noospheric owns and operates five businesses in the online marketing and technology startup industries. Click here for more information.
Congress Poised to Let Autonomous Car Companies Run Wild in Cities
As Zipcar found Robin Chase puts it, a world with autonomous cars can either be heaven or hell.
In the hellish scenario, cities are overrun by privately-owned robot cars circling all day, mostly without passengers, and our transportation system becomes even more isolating. In the heavenly one, fleets of shared vehicles reduce private car ownership, cut traffic, and make streets more conducive for walking and biking.
While these technologies are probably many years away from hitting the streets as mature, finished products, public policy decisions are already being made that will determine which path cities follow. Both houses of Congress are crafting regulations that will set the stage for autonomous vehicles, and they're not off to good start.
Legislation introduced by South Dakota Republican John Thune and Michigan Democrat Gary Peters [PDF] would allow carmakers to deploy up to 80,000 autonomous vehicles on public roads to test and refine their technologies. The bill cleared the Senate Commerce Committee in a unanimous voice vote this week.
Watchdogs are especially troubled by the preemption of local governments in the bill, which says states and cities cannot impose “unreasonable restriction on the design, construction, or performance” of automated vehicles. Language like that is too sweeping and vague, and would give cities and states almost no power to regulate the testing of autonomous vehicles, warns Beth Osborne of Transportation for America.
For example, would basic safety precautions like mandating non-lethal vehicle speeds on streets where people walk or bike be construed as “reasonable” by the courts? As written, the bill leaves too much open to interpretation.
“It's not clear if a city could even pass a law saying you have to follow our laws,” said T4A's Russ Brooks.
Advocates say the disclosure measures in the bill are too weak. Automakers would only be required to submit annual safety reports to the feds, and the reports would only have to describe changes to the vehicles on the road and “any significant safety deviation from expected performance.” Basic data like crash rates per mile would not necessarily have to be spelled out, and local officials would not be entitled to access the data that is disclosed.
“City and state law enforcement will have zero information about how these vehicles are operating on these roads,” said Brooks. “It's really quite terrifying.”
In a statement, Osborne said the bill would “creates a climate of secrecy around AV testing or deployment.”
Advocates have ample reason to be wary of ceding regulation and oversight to the automotive industry. Recent experience suggests that in the rush to get autonomous vehicles to market, companies are all too willing to cut corners.
California ordered the removal of Uber's self-driving cars after one was caught on video speeding through a red light at a crowded intersection in San Francisco last year. In Pittsburgh, Uber damaged local political relationships by failing to provide data from its experiments with self-driving cars.
T4America says it will work to either amend the problematic sections or strip them out before the bill is brought up for a floor vote.
AVIOPHOBIA is a common fear of flying experienced by over 20 million people, according to the National Institute of Mental Health.
However, flying is statistically proven to be the safest mode of transport as there is only a one in 9,821 chance of dying from an air and space transport accident.
But this doesn't mean flying comes without its risks, especially if you're heading into one of Asia's most dangerous airports.
SEE ALSO: 12-year-old Australian uses mum's credit card to fly to Bali
Nepal: Lukla Airport
If you're visiting Mount Everest, then you'll probably be flying into this tiddly airport nestled between two mountains.
Lukla serves as one of the world's highest airports and most treacherous, due to unpredictable weather conditions.
The airport doesn't have runway lights or air traffic controllers, so pilots must put all their training into landing on this extra small strip.
Built in 1964 under the supervision of Sir Edmund Hillary, the first man to stand atop of Mount Everest in 1953, the airport is patrolled by the Nepalese army and is in continuous use.
Although this well-used airport has daily flights between Lukla and Katmandu, don't expect to pick up your duty-free souvenirs here.
Bhutan: Paro Airport
Sitting high in the Himalayan mountains, this runway has such a dangerous reputation – only eight pilots worldwide are qualified to land on it.
The tiny village of Paro lies 2.4 kilometres above sea level between jutting mountain peaks, some as high as 18,000 feet.
One wrong move could mean clipping the roof of one of the many houses scattered on the mountainside as the plane descends.
As this is Bhutan's only international airport, it's estimated 30,000 people fly in and out of it every year for holidays in the “greenest nation on Earth”.
The runway is just 6,499-feet long, a lot shorter than the average needed to land a large commercial plane.
This challenge, coupled with the high winds ripping through the valley and often low visibility, make it possibly the most dangerous airport in the world.
Antarctica
Tourism to Antarctica has increased by 10,000 visits over the past decade with most visitors coming from the US, China, and Australia.
While many tourists travel via environmentally-unfriendly cruise ships, scientific expeditions often land on the continent via air travel.
But given the low demand for snazzy airports, there's a serious lack of infrastructure for aircraft to land safely.
Most “airports” are attached to research stations and spend most of their time covered in snow.
Even Antarctica's best international airport, Wilkins Aerodrome, must be significantly checked and safety-tested immediately before any aircraft land.
However, you'll be happy to know you can park your sled here for free, unlike other extorting airport carparks.
Japan: MCAS Futenma
On the spectacularly beautiful southern Japanese island of Okinawa, hides the Marine Corps Air Station (MCAS) in Futenma.
We say “hides” because it's surrounded by a high density of houses which all feel the full effects of US aircraft coming onto land.
Powerful aircraft such as F/A-18 Hornets and V-22 Osprey are continuously landing at this airport.
While the landing strip isn't particularly short, the constant worry of clipping homes on landing or facing engine failure on take-off have earned MCAS the reputation of world's most dangerous airport among the US armed forces.
Japan: Chubu Centrair International Airport
Surrounded by water on every side, there is no room for a botched landing or take-off attempt here.
This airport acts as the main airport for access to Japan's central region and is one of five airstrips built on manmade islands in the archipelago nation.
SEE ALSO: Facial recognition becoming commonplace at China's airports
However, the airport has a clean safety record and is classified as first-class in terms of facilities and operations.
Commercial pilots face some of the toughest training in the world, so even if you've got a trip planned to Mount Everest, Antarctica or Bhutan, you're in safe hands.
This article was originally published on our sister website Travel Wire Asia.
Want an antidote to the Bad News Budget squabbles we've heard endlessly from Congress? The AARP's online “Can You Close the Budget Deficit?” exercise is a terrifically satisfying experience. Click here to check it out.
The budget scenario presented presumes a shortfall through 2015 of $607 billion. As the eraser-czar, you eliminate any of dozens of budget items categorized under Government Operations, Energy, Education, Military and Defense, Transportation, Health Care, Foreign Aid, Social Security and Taxes. You get to ax your least favorite line items, preserve your babies and learn for yourself why our elected representatives can't seem to do this themselves.
The line items presented are based on real budget-balancing proposals of various organizations and commissions, according to the website. When your cursor hovers over a particular item, a very brief explanation displays the item's purpose. The figures are calculated by groups, including the Bipartisan Policy Center for Debt Reduction Task Force and the Congressional Budget Office.
I ran the calculator several times, with some interesting results. One is that I always ran out of deficit before I ran out of line items to delete. Maybe I'm a conservative after all! Another surprise was the relatively miniscule cost of some programs (public broadcasting $0.5 billion and farm subsidies $1 billion each) and the astronomically significant costs of others. Military costs of Iraq and Afghanistan through 2015 is $113 billion. Continuing 2001-03 era tax cuts is $276 billion — almost half the deficit.
On my first try, I clicked through the first few screens and saved $618.8 billion — nearly $10 billion more than needed. But since I didn't even reach the last screen, I started over. This time I deep-sixed this way:
» Freeze government civilian employee pay for three years.
» End earmarks.
» End farm subsidies.
» Enact the military's proposed efficiencies initiative.
» Cancel “Grow the Army” initiative.
» Reduce defense contract by 4 percent.
» Replace F-35 Joint Strike Fighter Jets with F-16 and F-18s for Air Force, Navy and Marines.
» Raise Part B Medicare premiums from 25 percent to 35 percent of costs.
» Cap malpractice insurance and lawsuits.
» Raise Social Security payroll tax cap to $230,000 now.
» Enact carbon tax or cap-and-trade.
» Enact 1-cent-per-once obesity tax on manufacture and importation of sweetened beverages.
» Convert mortgage deduction to tax credit.
» Allow Pension Benefit Guaranty Corp. to raise corporate fees to cover growing deficit.
» Increase gas tax 25 cents per gallon.
» Allow 2001 and 2003 tax cuts to expire.
This iteration saved us taxpayers $649.8 billion. Success with more than $40 billion to spare!
I would like to adjust a few features of the program. You can't adjust the numbers, cutting military and defense by $56 billion, for example, instead of $113 billion. You can't dictate preserving an item if they'll make some change, such as allotting the $5 billion in student loan money only if they make sure old loans plus penalties are collected to cycle to new students as intended. Another improvement would be to order the items randomly with each site access, so that end-of-the-list items don't benefit from not being noticed.
I'm sure the output of this game would be useful to our elected representatives. But I guess we'd understand their struggle only if we were forced to complete this cooperatively with, say, our family. If yours is like my husband's and my families, any group of more than three of us would require some complex horse trading to agree on a budget.
— Karen Telleen-Lawton's column is a mélange of observations supporting sustainability. Graze her writing and excerpts from Canyon Voices: The Nature of Rattlesnake Canyon at www.CanyonVoices.com.
The Fourth of July falls midweek this year, but the fun begins this weekend with live music, fireworks and a flotilla of lighted floats on the Russian River.
Patriotic festivities continue through Wednesday, from old-fashioned hometown parades to a rousing stage production celebrating the spirit of America with the Santa Rosa Symphony and Transcendence Theatre Company.
For those who really love gazing skyward to say “oooh” and “ahhh,” it's possible to catch fireworks shows on four separate nights.
Several events are free; proceeds from others support local service projects and charities.
Most events prohibit tailgating, outside alcohol, pets and personal fireworks. Check venues for details. Here's a look at Independence Day festivities:
Wednesday, July 4
Calistoga
Visit Calistoga in Napa Valley for the town's “Star-Spangled Social” on Wednesday), sponsored by the Napa County Fair Association.
Festivities begin at 11 a.m. with a parade through downtown Calistoga. At noon, gates open for a carnival, live music, contests and food at the Napa County Fairgrounds, 1435 N. Oak St., Calistoga. A fireworks show follows when it gets dark.
Admission is $15 advance, $20 at the gate. Children under 5 admitted free.
Details: celebratenapavalley.org/social
Cloverdale
The Cloverdale Lions Club Fourth of July fireworks display gets underway at dusk Wednesday at the Cloverdale High School football field, 509 N. Cloverdale Blvd.
A decades-old tradition, the show is free of charge, with donations accepted.
Details: 707-894-4470, cloverdalechamber.com
Forestville
The Forestville Certified Farmers Market holds a holiday pig roast (with oysters, hotdogs and more) from 1 to 8 p.m. Wednesday at Forestville Downtown Park, 6690 Highway 116.
Joy Ride and Dog Gone Ornery will provide live music. Admission is free.
Details: 707-481-3565, forestvillefarmersmarket.com
Healdsburg
The holiday fun begins with the Rotary Club of Healdsburg Sunrise and the City of Healdsburg's “Kid's Parade and Duck Dash” from 10:30 a.m. to 1:30 p.m. Wednesday at the downtown Healdsburg Plaza. The parade kicks off at 11:30 a.m., with sign-ups an hour before.
Admission is free.
Prizes will be awarded for best costumes and best bike decorations. The Russian River Ramblers and the Healdsburg Community Band will provide live music.
Baseball fans can catch the all-American pastime in action as the Healdsburg Prune Packers takes the diamond at 5 p.m. Wednesday at historic Recreation Park, 515 Piper St. Tickets are $5 general, free for kids under 12.
Fourth of July celebrants can gather Wednesday night at the baseball field at Healdsburg High School, 1024 Prince Ave., for the American Legion Sotoyome Post 111 fireworks show that begins at 9:30 p.m.
The 40-minute show is free of charge, with donations accepted.
Details: rotaryclubofhealdsburgsunrise.org, prunepackers.org, healdsburgfireworks.org
Kenwood
The Independence Day fun in Kenwood begins with the 30th annual pancake breakfast and silent auction from 7 to 11:30 a.m. Wednesday at the Kenwood Community Church garden, 9637 Channing Row.
Watch or join the Kenwood 3K and 10K footrace departing at 7:30 a.m. at Kenwood Plaza Park, 200 Warm Springs Road.
The “Kenwood Fourth of July Hometown Parade” begins at 10:30 a.m., circling around Plaza Park, followed by live music and food at the “Rotary Club Barbecue and Family Fun” celebration at 11:30 a.m. Admission is free.
Details: kenwoodparade.com
Petaluma
Rio de Janeiro drug gangsters gave a famous statue of Michael Jackson a scary new prop in a photo circulating on Brazilian social media: an assault rifle.
Police said Monday that the picture, in which the military style semi-automatic is slung around the King of Pop's neck, was taken “by criminals.”
“The suspects have been identified and an operation is underway to arrest them,” police said in a statement.
The picture, taken in daylight, showed off drug traffickers' brazen control over many areas of Rio's favelas at a time of steadily growing violent crime.
The statue was inaugurated in 2010 in Santa Marta favela, a year after Jackson's death.
With arms outstretched and fists clenched, the statue commemorated Jackson's 1996 filming of the video “They Don't Care About Us” in Santa Marta. At the time, the favela was a violent slum but by 2010 it had become a symbol of a new police policy known as “pacification” that ousted traffickers and brought in tourists.
In the wake of the 2016 Rio Olympics, control over the favelas has again begun to slip away from the police and into the hands of well-armed drug gangs.
Dana Geis is Parkland's Teacher of the Year for 2017-2018.
She teaches visual arts to kindergarten through third-grade students.
This is her seventh year teaching and her sixth in the Yukon Public Schools.
She taught her first year in 2000-2001 at Western Heights Middle School, and coached the seventh- and eighth-grade girls' basketball teams, before joining the staff at Parkland in 2010.
Geis said she is honored to be chosen by her fellow teachers at Parkland.
“I'm very humbled and blessed to be a part of a wonderful school and to be privileged to represent Parkland as a special teacher,” Geis said.
One of her favorite things about teaching art at Parkland is the enthusiasm the students have for learning about new artists and how to create their own masterpieces.
She loves to challenge the students to be creative and reminds them each day that everyone is an artist.
Geis has lived in Yukon for 18 years with her husband, Jeff, and four daughters.
Geis said she is blessed to be a part of the Parkland family and appreciates all the support and encouragement she has received from the parents and the community.
Kate Upton is 24 years old and has as many banners as LeBron James.
And for Upton's third year on the cover, Sports Illustrated Swimsuit Edition decided to honor the feat with a trifecta of its own. Upton will get three different covers in the 2017 edition, as was revealed Tuesday on Jimmy Kimmel Live.
The 2017 SI Swimsuit Covers have been revealed. Welcome back, @KateUpton! Follow the link for more photos and video https://t.co/4cszjybbVp pic.twitter.com/y7TguJdPVD — SI Swimsuit (@SI_Swimsuit) February 15, 2017
The cover of the Swimsuit Edition is a closely guarded secret, and Upton hadn't even seen the images before Kimmel revealed them on TV.
Upton also was on the cover in 2012 and 2013. Last year's edition featured three separate cover models: Ronda Rousey, Hailey Clauson and Ashley Graham.
Elle Macpherson is the only model with more cover appearances than Upton; she has five, mostly from the 1980s. Upton joins Christie Brinkley, Cheryl Tiegs, Kathy Ireland and Daniela Pestova with her third cover.
Deputy DA says earlier intervention, rehabilitation are key to keeping kids off drugs and alcohol, and out of a life of crime
[Noozhawk's note: This article is part of Day 6 in Noozhawk's 12-day, six-week special investigative series, Prescription for Abuse. Related links are below.]
Name: Von Nguyen
Location: Santa Barbara
Occupation: Prosecutor
As a Santa Barbara County deputy district attorney who works with young offenders, Von Nguyen knows what the community's children are up to.
Prosecutors can make the biggest difference in Juvenile Court, since earlier interventions and rehabilitation might help juveniles avoid a life of crime, she said.
“If we can redirect their behavior so we never see them in adult court, that would be ideal,” Nguyen said.
| Prescription for Abuse | Complete Series Index |
Juvenile court can be a volatile environment since it may be the parents' first time they're aware of exactly what their child has been doing.
“As much as you like to think you know, there are a lot of things the parents don't know, and sometimes ignorance is bliss,” she laughed.
Being a parent herself makes her more empathetic to understanding both sides of the cases.
“I see the parents of the victims or the juveniles, and how painful it is for them because that's your child,” she said. “I try to think about that when I'm determining a fair and just resolution to a case.”
In more than 75 percent of the juvenile cases she's handled, she said the child had either tried alcohol or marijuana or had smoked marijuana regularly. And they report that access is easy.
Nguyen has worked drug cases in the North County office and was just assigned to the South Coast's major narcotics unit, but she is truly troubled by the frequency of drug use in the juvenile cases that she sees.
Adolescents in her cases don't usually use prescription medications exclusively, but they turn to them to avoid detection for their drugs of choice, which are typically alcohol or marijuana.
“It's a text away, the drugs,” she said of how easy it is for kids to obtain them.
“The possibility of becoming an addict is so real now, because of the different levels of potencies and type of drugs and how much more accessible everything is,” Nguyen said. “Our kids are in much higher danger of being addicted.”
Nguyen keeps a close eye on her own medicine cabinet if only to make sure her children's friends don't help themselves. But she realizes many families don't share her concerns.
“Part of the problem, too, and I can say this because I am a parent, is we're scared to know what they're doing,” she said.
“I've seen parents come in and we tell them, ‘We found X, Y and Z on your child,'” she said. “The parents aren't saying, ‘Oh, my God, I had no idea,' but they're saying we didn't have a right to search, or ‘it's just pot, it's just this or it's just that.'”
| Prescription for Abuse | Complete Series Index |
— Noozhawk staff writer Giana Magnoli can be reached at .(JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address) . Follow Noozhawk on Twitter: @noozhawk or @NoozhawkNews. Connect with Noozhawk on Facebook.
It is now officially October, which means it is officially time to get yourself all riled up for Halloween!
And what's one of the best things about All Hallows' Eve? Why it's all the spooky movies you can watch, of course!
Whether you prefer the really scary and gory stuff, or are more of a fan of a good ol' family Halloween romp, there are so many creepy movies out there. Including The Addams Family…
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Addams Family
You remember that creepy, kooky lot, right? There was the ever-so-graceful Morticia, suave and sophisticated Gomez, weirdly adorable Uncle Fester, cooler than cool Wednesday, handsy Thing, and hairy ol' Cousin It.
But the character we're talking about today is poor, naïve Pugsley Addams.
Addams Family
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
In the 1991 film, The Addams Family, and the 1993 sequel, Addams Family Values, Pugsley was played by actor Jimmy Workman, who was 11 when he starred in the first film.
After his stint in the Addams Family movies, Jimmy decided showbiz wasn't really for him, and apart from a small role in As Good As It Gets, he pretty much ditched acting altogether.
ET
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
According to his Facebook page, the 37 year old now lives in California with his young family, and has worked behind the scenes on the technical side of TV and film productions for the past few years. He currently works for Teasters Local 399: the trade union representing working in the motion pictures industry.
Jimmy Workman Facebook
So, we know Jimmy has decided to stay out of the limelight of late, but he probably won't ever be able to completely leave showbiz behind, because guess who his real-life sister is…
It's Ariel Winter!
Getty
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
That's right – Jimmy's little sister is Ariel, who is best-known for her role as Alex in Modern Family.
Sadly Ariel and Jimmy hit headlines in 2012 when Ariel was just 14, and took her parents to court, accusing her mother of abuse. Guardianship was awarded to their sister Shanelle in 2014.
Follow Anna on Twitter.
"Ask Brianna" is a Q&A column from NerdWallet for 20-somethings or anyone else starting out. I'm here to help you manage your money, find a job and pay off student loans " all the real-world stuff no one taught us how to do in college. Send your questions about postgrad life to askbrianna@nerdwallet.com.
Q: I don't have a lot of spare money, but I still want to socialize and travel. How can I live within my means without becoming the annoying broke friend?
A: First, take a breath. You will not lose friends " real friends, at least " because you can't swing a girls' trip to New Orleans this year. You also might want to remember that appearances can be deceiving. Your buddies may go to happy hour three times a week, but that doesn't mean they can afford to.
Take one measure, student loan debt, for example: About 7 in 10 graduates of public and nonprofit colleges left school with debt in 2015, according to The Institute for College Access & Success, at an average of $30,100 per student. You may feel alone and broke, but in reality, you're in good company.
"The people that you think are having these great lives on Facebook and Instagram, they've probably got student loan debt," says Ben Graney, an actor and writer who co-founded the Artists Financial Support Group in New York.
"They're probably feeling the same anxiety and the same fears," he says " they're just not showing it.
Instead of hiding away in shame or constantly complaining about your rock-bottom bank balance, use these strategies to budget " and socialize " with confidence and control.
FIRST, MAKE A BASIC BUDGET
Whether you're in grad school, stuck with massive student loans or living on an artist's erratic income, the first step is to own where you stand financially. But to do so, you need insight. A budget helps you determine where your money is going and where you want it to go. Without one, you may have only a vague sense that you should limit your spending, using scary clues like a maxed-out credit card or late rent payments.
Continued below.
Related Content Small Business: Helping you keep a record of your jewellery - GemLab Michelle Grattan: Is Australia frightened to endanger a refugee deal with the US? Your views: Readers letters'
To create a basic budget, you don't need to catalog all of your expenses or commit to using an expense-tracking app " unless you want to, of course.
"Budgeting is not about perfection. It's about creating awareness," says Matt Cosgriff, a certified financial planner at financial advisory firm Lifewise in Minneapolis.
Look at your bank account and write down your take-home pay from last month. Subtract your fixed monthly costs: rent, utilities, insurance, groceries, debt payments (including credit cards) and transportation. Aim to save 10 percent to 20 percent of any remaining amount for emergencies and retirement. The rest is for fun or other long-term goals.
If your fixed costs take up all, or nearly all, of your income, look for ways to free up cash. You can lower federal student loan payments with an income-driven repayment plan, hunt for cheaper car insurance or cancel subscriptions you don't need.
TRANSPARENCY IS THE BEST POLICY
Deciding to stick to a budget might put you in a different financial position from that of your friends or family. Tell them.
You don't have to craft a sob story to win their sympathy; instead, clearly and honestly share your current priorities. Let them know whether your strict spending plans are short- or long-term so they'll know whether to keep inviting you to those pricey concerts.
And instead of turning down invitations, turn them around. You could say, "Theater tickets are beyond my budget right now. But I'd love to get together. Let's go to free-admission day at the museum and pack a lunch to eat in the park."
PLAN (VERY FAR) AHEAD
These changes may feel small at first, but in time you'll see a difference in your checking account " especially when you sock away manageable amounts for expenses or events on the horizon.
Even though Graney earns an irregular income as an actor, last year he saved an attainable $20 a month for holiday gifts. By December, he had $240 to spend on friends and family, and he didn't have to take on credit card debt.
You can do the same for that trip to New Orleans. Pre-empt your most organized friend by suggesting a date far in advance and scouring flight deals. Living frugally doesn't mean avoiding your social circle; it means taking on a more proactive and creative role.
__________________________________________________________________________________________________
This column was provided to The Associated Press by the personal finance website NerdWallet.
Brianna McGurran is a staff writer at NerdWallet. Email: bmcgurran@nerdwallet.com. Twitter: @briannamcscribe.
Cleveland Indians starting pitcher Corey Kluber delivers in the first inning of a baseball game against the Chicago White Sox, Wednesday, May 30, 2018, in Cleveland. Tony Dejak AP Photo
The aseptic packaging market experiences growth due to rise in demand for the packaging solution from multiple sectors and the developing regions. Demand for convenience and packaged products is steadily on the rise as the increase in urban population and demand from the food and beverage industry has spiked demand for aseptic packaging solutions.
The packaging primarily involves keeping food safe, fresh, and flavorful for at least six months without refrigeration or preservatives. It allows food to retain more color, texture, taste, and nutrition. The process destroys and microorganisms that would otherwise contaminate the food, help keep it fresh for longer periods of time.
Pre-filled syringes are expected to be the fastest growing market, which is expected to grow at a CAGR of 9.7% during the forecast period. The development of aseptic technologies in the pharmaceutical market has helped to improve the safety standards and logistical support. The sector is expected to contribute to the growth of aseptic packaging in the developing regions where the presence of pharmaceutical companies is expected to grow.
In terms of materials, the use of paper is estimated to achieve significant growth over the forecast period with an expected CAGR of 9.5%. The use of paper products is backed by concerns over ecological and sustainable packaging practices. Development in alternative sources of deriving paper products and enhancing their strength has resulted in increasing demand for the material. The use of plastics is widely being condemned by governments, which may result in a gradual decline in the use of plastic materials over the years.
Asia-Pacific is expected to be the fastest growing region for aseptic packaging globally. The developing countries of India, China, and Japan have large populations with rise in middle class and large-scale urbanization. The demand for packaged food and beverage is on the rise as the consumer awareness towards food safety and packaging is expected to influence the growth. The increased presence of pharmaceutical companies in the region and their export commitment to other regions such as Europe and North America has prompted them to adopt aseptic packaging to comply with regulations.
View full report @ https://convergedmarkets.com/aseptic-packaging-market-by-material-plastic-paper-paperboard-metal-glass-wood-type-carton-bottle-can-bag-pouche-pre-filled-syringe-vial-ampoule-application-and-global-opportun
The major companies in the aseptic packaging market include Amcor, Robert Bosch, Tetra Laval, Bemis, DuPont, Reynolds Group, Greatview Aseptic Packaging, and Schott AG.
Subscribe to FT.com
Subscribe to read: Markets outlook: the big issues facing investors in 2017
Already a subscriber? Sign in here
Aurora, IL/2017: Reading intervention tools can help kids and adults suffering from reading disorder. This generally happens due to lesser focus on lines and distraction. Thus, kids and adults can train themselves to read with fluency using See-N-Read tool. The Aurora, IL based See-N-Read Reading Tools offer reading intervention tools to increase fluency. Readers can improve comprehension, eye tracking and fluency simultaneously with the help of intervention tools.
About See-N-Read Tool
It is a tool that keeps visibility in control without straining eyes and providing line to line transition. Thus, the tool can slide on the page to be read allowing readers to guide eye movement effortlessly.
Method To Use Tool
Place the reading strip on the page
Read the visible text
Slide the tool downwards on the page slightly
Make sure that next line is visible
Read the line and re-check already read area on shaded region of tool
How See-N-Read Tool Helps
The reading intervention tool assists people struggling with reading issues. It improves the ability of a person to focus on a particular line. This helps in improving the reading ability, by removing distractions and clearly pointing on the information to be read. This way, reader is able to grab the information and can easily understand it.
Most of the time, reading is affected by line skipping as readers are not able to move on to immediate next line while continuous reading. This is corrected using controlled eye movement by guiding the eye to a particular line.
Other Products
ColorTAGTM
See-N-SpellTM
eSee-N-ReadTM
To know more about the benefits of See-N-Read Reading Tools, call at (630) 236–5592. For additional information, you can also log on to http://www.see-n-read.com/
CBS4CBS4 is now on CBSMiami.com. It's the same great news, weather, and investigations you found on cbs4.com, but we've added a whole new range of great items and features to help you get more out […]
My TV 33My TV33 is on CBSMiami.comIt's the same great news, weather, and investigations you found on cbs4.com, but we've added a whole new range of great items and features to help you get more out of […]
WQAMMiami's Sports Radio 560 WQAM is South Florida's original sports station. For a quarter century, WQAM has brought the region live coverage of their favorite teams and been home to the most popular and beloved […]
South Florida H.S. SportsSFHSSports is now on CBSMiami.com! We're a part of the CBS Miami family… Visit us at http://miami.cbslocal.com/category/sfhssports . Our “crew” Larry Blustein SFHSSports Senior Writer FloridaKids1@aol.com . We want to hear […]
By Gabriel Ewepu
Nigeria's export of agricultural commodities exceeded 150 per cent in the last one year.
Coordinating Director, Nigerian Agricultural Quarantine Service, NAQS, Dr. Vincent Isegbe, disclosed this yesterday, while encouraging farmers and exporters of agric commodities following the commencement of massive sensitization on export process on various crops.
Isegbe attributed the increase to the intensity of sensitization by the agency to ensure exporters of agricultural products comply with international standards. He stated: “We are on massive sensitizations on how to go about export of agricultural produce. We are going from state to state, and we are on radio and television.
“Agricultural export has increase of 150 per cent in the last one year according to the Managing Director of Nigeria Ports Authority, NPA, and we believe it has gone beyond that percentage.”
On yam export and others the NAQS boss said there has been high demands for the commodity, which exporters are responding to with the support of the agency.
We'll assume we have your consent to use cookies, for example so you won't need to log in each time you visit our site.
Learn more
Agree
San Jose Sharks forward Logan Couture, right, controls the puck against Columbus Blue Jackets forward Cam Atkinson during the first period of an NHL hockey game in Columbus, Ohio, Friday, Feb. 2, 2018. Paul Vernon AP Photo
/ Front page / News
Update: 11:36PM SCHOOLS preparing for the upcoming 2017 Coke games should not ban the media from interviewing and promoting their athletes.
Athletics Fiji and Fiji Association of Sports and National Olympic Committee president Joe Rodan said should not be doing this but rather they should be emphasising on promoting their athletes in order to boost their confidence.
He made this statement upon hearing of incidents where schools have stopped the media from interviewing their athletes prior to the games.
"I have heard schools that had media ban I think that is a wrong to do, you know the best thing to motivate your athlete is to promote them because everybody wants to see their name in the paper and wants to see their picture in the paper," Rodan said.
MIAMI SHORES, FLA. (WSVN) - Police are looking for a thief who worked with two others to steal from a cellphone store in Miami Shores.
Three men could be seen on surveillance video stealing boxes from the backroom of a Sprint store near Northeast Second Avenue and Northeast 94th Street, Monday afternoon.
Two subjects have since been arrested, but Miami Shores Police are searching for the third.
If you recognize the subject, call Miami-Dade Crime Stoppers at 305-471-TIPS. Remember, you can always remain anonymous, and you may be eligible for a $1,000 reward.
Copyright 2018 Sunbeam Television Corp. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Questions, Comments or News Stories Contact Owner/Publisher Jonathan Taylor 410-422-2948 Or email me at jtlesn@comcast.net
With Wednesday morning's landmark Supreme Court rulings –– and Gov. Jerry Brown's announcement that county clerks will soon begin issuing marriage licenses to same-sex couples –– California becomes the 13th state to legalize same-sex marriage.
In addition, the court's decision to overturn a key provision of the Defense of Marriage Act will give legally married same-sex couples the same federal protections and benefits accorded heterosexual couples.
“Today's Supreme Court rulings are a huge win for gay and lesbian rights,” said Verta Taylor, professor of sociology at UC Santa Barbara. “It is a watershed moment in the history of gay rights that will affect the lives of hundreds of thousands of same-sex couples and families.”
In a 5-4 vote, the Supreme Court invalidated the Defense of Marriage Act on the grounds that it violated the Fifth Amendment's protection of equal liberty. Passed by Congress and signed into law by President Bill Clinton in 1996, the Defense of Marriage act is a provision that, for purposes of federal benefits, defines marriage as a legal union between one man and one woman.
“DOMA's principal effect,” Justice Anthony Kennedy wrote in the majority opinion, “is to identify a subset of state-sanctioned marriages and make them unequal.”
According to Gayle Binion, a professor emeritus of political science at UCSB, the majority voted as she and other scholars expected they would.
“The question the court was willing to ask was whether the U.S. government has any justification other than animus toward marriage between gays to distinguish among those state-recognized marriages it does honor and those it does not,” she said. “By taking this approach, the court did not have to rule on whether gay marriage is itself a constitutionally protected right –– only that distinguishing among those the states have authorized to marry does not serve a legitimate governmental interest.”
Regarding the challenge to Proposition 8, California's ban on gay marriage, which was approved by voters in 2008, the court said it couldn't rule because the supporters of the ban lacked legal standing to appeal the lower court's decision against it.
“The Supreme Court hasn't ruled that Prop 8 constitutes a discriminatory practice,” said Michael Bourgeois, who recently completed his doctorate in sociology at UCSB. “It just says the proponents who brought it to the court had no standing to do so.”
According to Taylor, the two rulings will undoubtedly pave the way for same-sex marriage in the 38 states where it is currently illegal.
“Several other states have moved or are poised to legalize same-sex marriage in the coming months,” she said. “The court's ruling that the defenders of Proposition 8 have no legal standing, together with its ruling that DOMA violates the equal protection clause of the United States Constitution, will likely make it more difficult for similar challenges to prevail in other states.”
“It's a very federalist decision,” Anna Sorensen, a UCSB graduate student working on her Ph.D. in sociology, said of the Proposition 8 ruling. “The Supreme Court gave no inkling that [same-sex marriage] should be a right. It's strictly a states-rights ruling.”
While neither Supreme Court decision established same-sex marriage as a constitutionally protected right across the country, each represents a huge victory, Bourgeois noted
“For the first time in history, same-sex marriages in states where it's legal must be recognized by the federal government,” he said.
Chris Del Conte holds up the Hook'em sign at a news conference where he was introduced at the new vice president and athletics director for the University of Texas, Monday, Dec. 11, 2017, in Austin, Texas. (AP Photo/Eric Gay)
AUSTIN -- If there was any doubt, Chris Del Conte won his first press conference as Texas' athletic director as a natural-born salesman should.
"I think the vision for the University of Texas has been set long ago," said Del Conte, officially introduced Monday after eight years at TCU. "It's to win championships, to do it the right way, to be a beacon to follow. The standard of intercollegiate athletics has been set here."
Now he must complete the job of getting Texas back to winning games in its highest-profile sports (looking at ya, football). And raising $300 million to $500 million for a new basketball arena -- all the while juggling the demands of a ginormous department, state university politics and demanding donors and alumni
But since 2010, Texas football is 52-48 overall and 37-36 in the Big 12. Men's basketball lost 22 games last season although it has rebounded this season. Baseball is under .500 in Big 12 play the last five years with one College World Series appearance.
That could be argued as accurate under long-time athletic director DeLoss Dodds, who attended the press conference along with former football coach Mack Brown.
"I don't think anything was ever broken. Every organization goes through patches, right?" Del Conte said. "This happens to be under the biggest microscope, that any time there's a bump in the road. When you lose leadership after 33 years, football coaches, basketball coaches, baseball coaches, that have been phenomenal, you are going to have a little bit of an adjustment period, right?"
Whether you view it as an "adjustment period" or something much more severe might depend on your patience.
Major Texas donor Red McCombs took a different view Monday to San Antonio Express-News columnist Mike Finger. While McCombs' influence has waned at Texas, his name is on three academic and athletic buildings at Texas.
"The school had kind of gotten off track," McCombs said. "They had some people in there that couldn't carry the water. ... We've got to reload, and I think he's the guy to do it."
McCombs also expressed disappointment in Tom Herman's 6-6 football debut to the newspaper, saying "quite frankly, I thought [Tom Herman] had put it together, but he didn't. We're on short shrift there."
Signed to seven-year contract beginning at $1.3 million, Del Conte will oversee both the men's and women's athletic programs. Longtime women's AD Chris Plonsky will report to Del Conte now.
Early into his opening statement, Del Conte, 49, grew emotional talking about his family and how his parents helped raised foster children on their New Mexico ranch. He recognized one-time Arizona AD Jim Livengood, a one-time boss and mentor. Del Conte talked about gifting all his TCU purple ties to successor Jeremiah Donati. TCU football coach Gary Patterson told him in a phone conversation before the news conference: "I love you, but I hate you today, my man."
"He's just a genuine human being," Texas President Greg Fenves said, "and that's who I like to have on my team."
Fenves sealed the deal with Del Conte during National Football Foundation activities in New York last week.
Now he just has to duplicate the on-field and fund-raising success he achieved at TCU, a private school whose 58,000 living alumni wouldn't fill up Royal-Memorial Stadium.
"I think that's why you come to the University of Texas, for that challenge," Del Conte said.
Twitter: @ChuckCarltonDMN
Public menorah lightings for the Jewish holiday of Hanukkah are planned around the world in locations ranging from ski towns and Caribbean islands to famous landmarks and sports arenas.
Hanukkah begins Tuesday night and lasts for eight days.
If you're traveling or vacationing during the holiday, there may be a menorah lighting near you. The Jewish outreach organization Chabad-Lubavitch plans Hanukkah events in hundreds of cities, from the 50 U.S. states to 100 countries.
Celebrations in Vail, Colorado, will include menorahs made from skis. In New Mexico, organizers hope to create a one-of-a-kind menorah made from hot-air balloons on Dec. 17 in Albuquerque's Balloon Fiesta Park, which hosts the International Balloon Fiesta each October. Vacationers in destinations like Cancun, Mexico, and Aruba will also have menorah lightings to attend, along with one in Curacao, home to the oldest synagogue in the Western Hemisphere dating to 1732.
Advertisement
Many ceremonies will take place in front of landmarks, including the White House in Washington, D.C., Eiffel Tower in Paris, the Kremlin in Moscow and Germany's Brandenburg Gate. London's Trafalgar Square will host a 30-foot (9-meter) menorah outfitted with specially designed environmentally friendly bulbs, commissioned by the London Climate Change Agency.
The world's largest menorah, standing 36 feet high (11 meters), will be lit just outside Central Park in New York City across from the Plaza Hotel at Grand Army Plaza. That menorah lighting began in 1977 and marks its 40th consecutive year this month.
Sports arenas are also hosting Hanukkah events, including the NBA arenas of the Brooklyn Nets, Orlando Magic, Miami Heat, Houston Rockets, Dallas Mavericks, Golden State Warriors, Phoenix Suns and Atlanta Hawks; the NHL arenas of the Arizona Coyotes, New York Islanders, Nashville Predators, Tampa Bay Lightning, New Jersey Devils and Columbus Blue Jackets; and the NFL stadium of the Tampa Bay Buccaneers. Thousands of people are expected Dec. 18 for a Hanukkah concert and menorah lighting at Gulfstream Park, the horse racing track in Hallandale Beach, Florida, near Miami.
Elsewhere around the world, events are expected in countries ranging from Australia to Laos to Uganda to Argentina.
Listings by location may be found at http://www.Chabad.org/HanukkahEvents .
FILE - In this Monday, April 2, 2018 file photo, Villanova's Donte DiVincenzo (10) chases the loose ball against Michigan's Charles Matthews (1) during the second half in the championship game of the Final Four NCAA college basketball tournament in San Antonio. NBA draft decisions by underclassmen will help shape the 2018-19 college basketball season. The winners and losers at the deadline to withdraw from the NBA draft by players who did not hire an agent. David J. Phillip, File AP Photo
Jamie Squire/Getty Images
HARTFORD, WI - JUNE 14: Jordan Spieth of the United States talks with caddy Michael Greller as coach Cam McCormick looks on during a practice round prior to the 2017 U.S. Open at Erin Hills on June 14, 2017 in Hartford, Wisconsin. (Photo by Jamie Squire/Getty Images)
"The worst drama I've ever been gripped by" – ITV's medical thriller finished on Wednesday night, and viewers were torn over the ending
Over the past three days, ITV series Trauma has become a frustrating pleasure for certain viewers.
Advertisement
From its launch on Monday to its finale last night, many were gripped by Trauma's unbelievably tense scenes – while conceding that the plot was, at times, “ludicrous”.
The medical thriller, written by Doctor Foster mastermind Mike Bartlett, reached a nerve-shredding climax on Wednesday, with John Simm's Dan and Adrian Lester's Jon having the ultimate face-off.
Lots of viewers who thought they were “fed up” with the series still couldn't tear their eyes away…
Hands up everyone who got fed up with this 20mins in on Monday but is inexplicably seeing it through to the end 🙋🏻 #Trauma — fran james (@decant_it) February 14, 2018
Fabulous cast, great acting, ridiculously weak and ludicrous story and I'm annoyed I've not only wasted 3 hours of my life, but I've endured adverts! #Trauma — Angela Ellis 🥂 (@angelawinofoodi) February 14, 2018
This is one of the most IDIOTIC dramas I have EVER watched. (And I'll be here til the end)#Trauma pic.twitter.com/Bt0XUlrPdo — Emma Adwoa Sawyerr (@Purple_Worship) February 14, 2018
Gosh I actually can't believe this was written and then filmed👀😱😱 and the sad bit is I'm sitting through it and wanna know what happens 🙈🙈 #trauma — naf wright (@naffybabe) February 14, 2018
This is the worst drama I've ever been gripped by. #Trauma — jeanie (@Beesandthings16) February 14, 2018
Our RadioTimes.com poll found that 72 per cent of voters finds the ending to be anti-climactic, a view that was also voiced on Facebook.
ITV's three-part thriller, Trauma, has come to a conclusion, but was it a satisfactory end to the tale? Posted by Radio Times on Wednesday, February 14, 2018
Andrew Brown wrote: “Who do I see for a refund on three hours of time – one of the worst shows I've endured, kept waiting for it to click and ramp up. But no, dull, slow, implausible and with a ‘I give up now' ending.”
However, Dawn Grassby said, “Yes thank goodness they gave the story a complete ending! I hate watching a several part dramas to be left to make up my own ending.”
Jill Worthington countered, “It felt like the writer got fed up and just needed to write an ending – any ending. A bit of a let down I thought after such a gripping build up. 😳”
Advertisement
Originally published on Thursday 15 February 2018
Managing events for large organisations and multinational conglomerates can get quite challenging for a group of people. Similar to how almost every other business in the world has remodelled, technology has stepped in to transform the way people manage events. By adopting event management software developed by tech companies, event management businesses are becoming more consolidated and profitable than before. A recent report published by Future Market Insights has identified following factors that are prompting the sales of event management software across the globe.
Request for Sample @ https://www.futuremarketinsights.com/reports/sample/rep-gb-1849
The foremost factor is the benefit availed by including advanced software in event management processes. Automating functions such as ticketing, venue sourcing, and floor planning, among others, are being streamlined through the help of event management software.
Advantages of social media marketing, digital promotional activities, and rising adoption of cloud-based solutions has also propelled the demand for software that can facilitate these features and help in outselling previous revenues.
High costs of installing event management software might be one of the few factors restraining the market's growth.
Nevertheless, event management companies are looking at favourable opportunities arising from popularity of IoT platforms and real-time analytical solutions.
Factors as such are fuelling the growth of the global market for event management software, which is presently being valued at US$ 6.8 Bn by Future Market Insights. The report reveals that more than two-third of the market's revenues will be accounted by global sales of software components, among which event planning software are predicted to register the highest value CAGR of 13.9%. Furthermore, the market is also likely to witness higher preference to on-premise deployment of event management software. In 2016, more than US$ 4.5 Bn worth of event management software were deployed through on-premise model.
Request for Table of Contents @ https://www.futuremarketinsights.com/toc/rep-gb-1849
According to the report, the demand for event management software is anticipated to be high among large enterprises such as MNCs. Small and medium enterprises, on the other hand, will collectively account for a little over 40% share of global market revenues. Corporates and event planners have been outlined as the largest end-users of event management software, bringing in more than US$ 13 Bn in revenues towards the end of 2026.
North America has been identified as the most lucrative region for growth of global event management software market. With over 40% share, North America's event management software market will be valued at US$ 8.5 Bn by 2026-end. The Western European region, likewise, is also expected to witness steadfast growth in its event management software market, registering a value CAGR of 13%. Cvent, Inc., Zoho Corporation, etouches Inc., EventBrite Inc., Xing Events, Bizzabo Inc., Ungerboeck Software International, Zerista, Certain, Inc., Gather Technologies Inc., EventZilla, and SocialTables are leading players in the global event management software market, profiled in the report.
Report Overview @ https://www.futuremarketinsights.com/reports/event-management-software-market
A dispute between a financial fund and a partnership comprising broadcaster Gay Byrne, his wife Kathleen and their two daughters has been settled.
Feniton Property Finance DAC had sought summary judgment of €1.2 million against the Clonskeagh Partnership arising out of an alleged failure to repay a loan advanced more than a decade ago.
The partnership is made up of Gay Byrne and his wife Kathleen of Shrewsbury Square, Sandymount Avenue, Dublin 4, and their daughters Susan O'Byrne an office manager of Onslow, The Baily Howth, Co Dublin and Crona Byrne, an entrepreneur, of Tinerana, Raheenmore in Co Clare.
In 2015, the fund acquired a loan of €1 million advanced to the partnership from Bank of Scotland (Ireland) in August 2007. The fund claimed the purpose of the loan was to fund an investment by the partnership in the Quinlan Private CERDII Fund.
The claim was admitted to the fast track commercial court list in November by Mr Justice Brian McGovern.
Mediation
The dispute went to mediation, and on Friday the judge was informed the matter had been resolved and could be struck out. No details were given.
Previously, the Commercial Court was told the loan was advanced to the partnership for a period of six years which expired in 2013.
In November 2015, the fund purchased the loan from BOSI. In its proceedings, Feniton claimed the monies borrowed were not repaid, and made a demand for payment of €1.2 million in April 2017.
The fund claimed the demand was not satisfied and the dispute was later admitted to the commercial court list.
BACOLOD City – Police have yet to determine the motive in two separate fatal shootings in Sipalay City, Negros Occidental.
The 35-year-old Jonathan Bargayo, a coffee farmer, was taking a rest in an improvised tent in Barangay Camindangan when an unidentified gunman fired at him around 10 a.m., a police report showed.
Brother-in-law Richard Baylosis, 39, heard the gunshot and brought Bargayo to the Sipalay City Infirmary.
Bargayo was pronounced “dead on arrival.”
In Barangay 2, the 45-year-old Antonio Repaso was drinking beer beside Tupaz Bar and Refreshment when an unidentified suspect on board a motorcycle fired at him.
Repaso was wounded on the upper lip and was brought to the infirmary where he was pronounced “dead on arrival.”
Recovered from the crime scene was an empty shell of a .45-caliber gun.
Police are identifying the suspects./PN
Correct Answer: First called Jif but some say Gif
The Graphics Interchange Format (GIF) was developed in 1987 by ISP CompuServe employee Steve Wilhite who insisted at the 2013 Webby Award show that the format was always intended to be pronounced as "Jif" with a soft "G" as an attempt to play on the branding of American peanut butter brand Jif -- a gimmick that went as far as CompuServe workers saying "choosy developers choose GIF".
Nonetheless, the word is commonly enough pronounced with hard G (like the word gift) that mainstream dictionaries including American Heritage, Merriam-Webster's and the New Oxford American now have both pronunciations listed. Even these sources disagree about the primary pronunciation though, with American Heritage for instance favoring Jif and Merriam-Webster's favoring Gif if you listen to their audio examples.
The teams were tied 2-2 before Gordon cleared the bases for half the runs in the six-run fifth inning. The Commanders got three more scores in the sixth as they clinched the No 1 seed in the Middle Region District 2-A East.
Mt. Juliet Christian finished as the No. 3 seed and will travel to the West No. 2 seed, expected to be Clarksville Academy though not finalized, in the first round of the district tournament while Friendship will be at home at 6:30 p.m. Friday against an opponent to be determined.
Justin Seagraves pitched three innings in relief of starter Josh Folkerts for the win.. Seagraves didn't allow a run while surrendering two hits and a walk. Folkers gave up single scores in the second and fourth frames on three hits. Both pitchers struck out four and combined to allow five hits.
Jared Dickey doubled as he and Hanley Sobieszczyk each had two of Friendship's 10 hits. Mt. Juliet Christian committed four errors which made all four runs off reliever Caylor Bates unearned. Starter Cole Alsup gave up seven runs (five earned) and took the loss.
Bates drove in both MJCA runs, one of which came on a homer.
Most people don't think of the 1925 silent film The Phantom of the Opera as the Raiders of the Lost Ark of it's time ... but then, most people haven't watched it every day for a week, getting ready to accompany it in a special performance at the Sacred Heart Music Center.
More information about tonight's performance of The Phantom of the Opera is available here.
Kristian Erickson is a member of the KUMD News Team and joined us this morning as part of KUMD's celebration of National College Radio Day.
The 29-year-old charged with killing four people at a Waffle House in Nashville, Tennessee, over the weekend left behind considerable evidence linking him to the violence, authorities said in court filings.
Travis Reinking, who was arrested yesterday following a 34-hour manhunt, has been charged with four counts of criminal homicide.
In affidavits filed in state court, officials said surveillance video showed someone who looked like Reinking getting out of a truck registered to him, firing a gun previously linked to him and then leaving behind two cheques made out to him.
Authorities have not yet said what they believe motivated the shooting, saying only that Reinking had "exhibited significant instability."
Advertisement
But the court filings laid out the beginning of what could be an extensive and unusual criminal case, since mass shootings often end with the suspected shooters dead rather than facing trial.
Reinking is scheduled to make his first court appearance on May 7 in Nashville, about 25km away from the Waffle House where police say he opened fire on unsuspecting diners.
Four people were killed - Taurean Sanderlin, 29; Joe Perez, 20; DeEbony Groves, 21; and Akilah Dasilva, 23 - and two others were hospitalised in stable condition, authorities said.
It was the second time in a matter of months that the Antioch community on the city's outskirts was shaken by a mass shooting, following the September attack on a church that ended with one person killed.
"Tragedies like this are a fundamental threat to our way of life in America," Nashville Mayor David Briley, D, said after Reinking's arrest. "Everyone should be able to go to a restaurant or church or school without fear."
Questions still lingered after the Waffle House shooting, including what could have prompted the attack. Police said that after he was arrested, Reinking declined to offer a statement or answer questions, instead requesting a lawyer.
Reinking had still not spoken to investigators as of today, 24 hours after he was arrested, said Don Aaron, a spokesman for the Metropolitan Nashville Police Department.
"The motive is undetermined," Aaron wrote in an email.
The Waffle House shooter's father gave his "delusional" son back an AR-15—after police had seized it https://t.co/n2uhBf9o8K pic.twitter.com/izvLQJUp9x — Newsweek (@Newsweek) April 24, 2018
Some wondered whether race had again played a role in a horrific shooting, given that Reinking is white and the people he is accused of shooting were black and Hispanic.
More uncertainty also swirled around how someone who had raised so many red flags over the years - drawing the attention of local police, state police, the FBI and the US Secret Service - was still allegedly able to use a gun authorities said he had been barred from possessing and had signed over to his father.
Authorities said the AR-15 used in the Waffle House shooting was among the guns that Reinking had previously said he gave to his father. In the affidavit filed in court, officials said the serial number on the AR-15 - which remained at the Waffle House after the shooting - revealed it was a gun that had been linked to him.
Police records showed that Reinking had a series of increasingly troubled encounters with authorities since 2016.
"I actually tried to count the hairs on her eyelashes just because I was like I almost didn't see you anymore": James Shaw Jr. held his 4-year-old daughter for the first time since he rushed the Waffle House shooter and ripped away his gun https://t.co/Lhu9849C6i pic.twitter.com/2JsYpevwUk — CNN (@CNN) April 24, 2018
According to one report, he told police that the pop star Taylor Swift was stalking and harassing him. Another time, police said, he went to a local pool, swam in his underwear and tried to pick fights with lifeguards. The police reports say that the same day, he went to the offices of his father's construction business with a rifle, shouted expletives at employees and then drove away.
In a police report, an officer said Reinking's father, Jeffrey, told police he had taken away his son's firearms - three rifles and a handgun - while he was having problems, but then returned them.
The Tazewell County Sheriff's Office in Illinois, where the 29-year-old suspect lived before relocating to Tennessee, said the state police last year asked the office to revoke a card allowing Reinking to possess guns and ammunition in Illinois.
The request came several weeks after Reinking was arrested outside the White House for trying to cross a security barrier, declaring himself "a sovereign citizen" and ignoring orders to stop, according to a District of Columbia police report.
James Shaw Jr., the man who wrestled an AR-15 away from the Waffle House shooter, speaks after being honored at the Tennessee State Capitol. https://t.co/fVMu3oeQ4l pic.twitter.com/HfKj1pLKOa — NBC Nightly News with Lester Holt (@NBCNightlyNews) April 24, 2018
Matthew Espenshade, assistant special agent in charge of the FBI's Memphis division, said yesterday that "every federal resource was brought to bear" in Reinking's case after his arrest at the White House and an assessment the bureau carried out.
"We were able to effectively neutralise what we felt was the threat at the time by ensuring that he did not have the ability to purchase or own weapons and that those weapons were taken," Espenshade said.
Illinois state records show that Reinking signed his four guns over to his father on August 24, 2017. Police said Reinking's father told authorities that he eventually gave the guns back to his son.
Federal officials said Jeffrey Reinking could potentially face charges for the transfer.
KRG Prime Minister Barzani's statement on the construction of US mission in Erbil:
Mr. Ambassador of the United States to Iraq,
Mr. Consul General
Ladies and Gentlemen,
Good morning. I am pleased to be here, with you, today and take part in the announcement of building a new compound for the U.S. Consulate General in the Kurdistan Region. I applaud such a decision and see it as an important step. I hope that the construction will be completed as planned and on schedule.
The U.S Consulate General in Erbil is considered to be the first consulate to build its own compound in Erbil. This shows the United States' trust in the promising future of the Kurdistan Region and it is a sign of the United States' will for strengthening its relations with the Kurdistan Region on the basis of the diplomatic relations that it has with federal Iraq.
Ladies and Gentlemen,
The relations between the United States and the Kurdistan Region are not new, but they have been formed and strengthened over the years. After the uprising of the people of Kurdistan in 1991, the U.S. and other members of the international community had a major role in introducing a safe haven, which resulted in the protection of the people of the Kurdistan Region.
During the overthrow of Baath regime and later in the fight against ISIS and their defeat, the U.S. continued to improve its relationships with the Kurdistan Region by supporting the stability of the region. Today, as we secured stability, the U.S. is starting to build a new home for its Consulate General in Erbil to continue its already strong relations with the Kurdistan Region and we hope that it will continue to develop strategic and long-term ties with the Region.
The people and the government of the Kurdistan Region highly appreciate the political, military and humanitarian supports provided by the U.S. The Kurdistan Region is eager to further develop strong relationships with the U.S., based on mutual interests in politics, economics, trade, science, culture and other fields. Similarly, the Kurdistan Region is trying to continue to build good relations with neighbouring countries, countries in the region and across the world.
The people of the Kurdistan Region and the Kurdistan Regional Government share the same values and principles as the U.S. and the modern world. They, too, believe in the same values and concepts such as freedom, democracy, human rights, diversity, openness, tolerance, youth and women empowerment and the free market. The Peshmergas fought alongside the American and international coalition forces to protect these values.
Ladies and Gentlemen,
I would like to congratulate and commend the representative of the U.S. diplomatic mission in Iraq, who came from Baghdad to join us today, for the construction of a new compound for their Consulate in Erbil. I also would like to take this opportunity to thank the former and current American ambassadors and consuls in Baghdad and Erbil for their efforts to improve the relations between the U.S. and the Kurdistan Region.
I would also like to thank the military, USAID teams and all the organizations and agencies from the U.S. that have worked and served in the Kurdistan Region. I commend them and we look forward to enhancing the cooperation and collaboration between the United States of America and the Kurdistan Region.
We would like to see all the neighboring countries, countries in the region and across the world, to follow the United States in building diplomatic compounds in the Kurdistan Region, as we strive to build and improve good relations with them within a federal Iraq.
In the end, I wish to see all nations in the world enjoy peace, stability and prosperity.
Thank you and have a good day.
(Source: KRG)
In spite of getting linked with SARMS, Stenabolic (SR9009) is in truth a Rev-ErbA ligand. It implies SR binds to this protein and tends to make it extra active. Consequently, the user will experience plenty of constructive effects, for instance elevated fat loss, enhanced endurance, and several other health added benefits. Interestingly, it can be one of many newest advances in pharmacology, however it is currently having increasingly more reputation among athletes all over the world. Consequently, in this write-up we'll go over what SR9009 is, how it works, and each of the benefits it might supply for the user. Get much more information about sr9009
What's Stenabolic (SR9009)?
Also called Stenabolic, SR9009 has been developed by Scripps Investigation Institute under the leadership of professor Thomas Burris.
As mentioned beforehand, SR9009 is really a synthetic Rev-Erb ligand, which is taken orally. This is a really unique compound. By stimulating the Rev-Erb protein, SR9009 has the potential to tremendously influence plenty of regulatory mechanisms inside the human physique. For instance, it may have an effect on the circadian rhythms, lipid and glucose metabolism, fat-storing cells, as well as macrophages. Hence, Stenabolic will allow the user to shed fat and drastically raise endurance, each of which are very desirable effects for an athlete.
How it performs
By binding and activating the Rev-Erb protein, Stenabolic triggers an extremely wide variety of processes within the physique. The most prominent getting the improvement of mitochondria count within the muscle tissues and an enhanced metabolism.
As a consequence from the increased variety of mitochondria within the muscle tissues, the user will notice a drastic improvement in endurance and muscle strength. Actually, the mice utilised in studies could run 50% a lot more after they were administered with SR9009, both when it comes to distance and time. That is probable because of the truth that these mitochondria are precisely the ones generating power inside the physique. Apart from, due to to enhance in variety of macrophages, defective mitochondria are removed from the muscle tissues and replaced with new ones.
In addition, to adjust in metabolic prices increases energy expenditure by 5% even when the user is resting; hence, SR burns excess calories and does not enable them to convert into fat. This, coupled with enhanced metabolism of glucose, assists efficiently burn fat, which tends to make the physique act is if it has been within a continuous state of exercising.
This means that much less fat is stored, less cholesterol is developed by the liver, and much more fat and glucose is burned within the muscle tissues.
Nevertheless, these are not the only positive health effects seen with stenabolic. In actual fact, within the studies carried out with this compound it was found that it is going to reduce:
Plasma triglycerides by 12%
Total cholesterol by 47%
Plasma non-esterified fatty acids by 23%
Plasma glucose by 19%
Plasma insulin level by 35%
If that wasn't sufficient, we need to mention that SR9009 will also decrease proinflammatory cytokine IL-6 by a whopping 72%, that will obviously be incredibly valuable for the reduction of inflammations.
There's an experiment underway at a few top universities around the world to make some master's degrees out there more affordable.
The Massachusetts Institute of Technology, for example, says the class of 2018 can get a master's degree in supply chain management for more than $20,000 off from the university's normal price, which runs upwards of $67,000 for the current year academic year.
But it's not as simple as sending in a coupon with your tuition bill.
It's called a "MicroMasters." MIT, Columbia University, the University of Michigan and the Rochester Institute of Technology are among a dozen or so universities globally that are giving this online program a shot.
It's not a full degree, but a sort of certificate, and can be a step toward a degree.
There are things in it for students, and for the school.
What's in it for students: cost
Let's take Danaka Porter as an example. She's a 31-year-old business consultant from Vancouver, British Columbia, and says a master's degree was exactly what she needed to boost her career.
"I found that people were a little bit more respected, I guess, once they had their master's because it was like they had taken that next step to go a little bit further," she says.
But she couldn't afford to stop working and become a full-time student again. She owns a house, she says, and "I have bills, and all of that stuff that doesn't stop because I wanted to go to school."
When a friend told that MIT was piloting its first partially online master's degree in supply chain management, she signed up.
The tuition for a year in the master's of supply chain management costs $67,938. Her MicroMasters certification, though, is just $1,350.
It's called a MicroMasters because it isn't a full degree, just a step toward one, though Porter says the coursework is just as rigorous as if she were on MIT's campus in Cambridge.
"It requires a lot of effort and if you don't have a background in math, engineering or supply chain it's not a breeze. Like, we do have people that fail," she says.
Even if she passes the certification, Porter will still need to complete a semester "in residence" at full cost if she wants to finish her graduate degree. It's part of what MIT calls the "blended" program — online and on-campus.
Getting accepted is no easy task. MIT says it expects to admit 40 students a year into the blended program.
Some top schools from around the world are on board with MIT.
There's user experience research and design from the University of Michigan; entrepreneurship from the Indian Institute of Management Bangalore; and artificial intelligence from Columbia University, among others.
Even if students don't go for a full master's, the online course work can make them more appealing to employers.
Industry leaders who say they can't find enough qualified candidates are looking for very specific skills like the ones being taught. GE, Walmart, IBM and Volvo have recognized MicroMasters and are encouraging their employees and job applicants to take these courses.
Some students who are enrolled in MIT's on-campus program wish these online courses had been available to them before spending big on their degrees.
"If this was an option, I think I would have considered it," says Veronica Stolear, a graduate student at MIT from Caracas, Venezuela. She quit her job in the oil industry to earn her master's in supply chain management. Ultimately, though, she thinks her on-campus experience will pay off.
"The in-campus program is more expensive, but you're getting also the experience of living in Boston, interacting with people from MIT that might not be in supply chain but might be in like the business school and like other types of departments," she says.
What's in it for schools: getting the best applicants
You might be wondering what MIT gets out this arrangement.
Admission officers here say they'll weigh applicants' performance in these online courses.
Anant Agarwal, an MIT professor and CEO of the online-learning platform edX that makes these online courses possible, sees it all as a way to filter the applicant pool.
"When you get applications from people all over the world, it's often a crap-shoot," he says. "You don't know the veracity of the recommendation letters or the grades. And so you're taking a bet very often."
And Agarwal says that should give MIT and other institutions a better sense of how students will perform — if they're lucky enough to get in.
Canada, British Colombia; 11, December 2017: Securing the future especially the retirement years by saving money on a regular basis is a habit that is losing its touch. It is a habit that is dying a slow death, especially amongst the current generation. The reason behind this whole situation is the skyrocketing cost of living. The rising price of daily essentials, utilities, and everyday commute led to the plummeting interest of the public in saving up for later than they can't make ends meet now.
Tapping into this situation, several financial institutions have come up with platforms to make people understand the importance of saving. They also make the opportunities of investing in multi-billion dollar firms attractive to scoop out maximum funds from the public and deliver them back with attractive paid instant returns. Using Bitcoin as the primary source of conducting investment operations has its own set of pros and cons that further popularizes the idea of investing using cryptocurrencies.
24BitDeposit is a Canadian firm that associates itself with the management of funds invested by their clients in the stock market. They carry out their transaction using cryptocurrencies, preferably Bitcoins. They have put together a safe and secure infrastructure that allows their investors to safely carry out all their monetary transaction without worrying about getting hacked by hackers or eavesdroppers. The company put together a team of highly skilled and experienced brokers who keep a close watch on the fluctuations in the stock market and work on the core algorithms of the power company and update the same in real time.
Having such intricate knowledge of the market allows the company to keep both their interests and clients safe from the sharp fluctuations of the market. The trading software of the company uses a simplified yet functional interface that is optimized for the comfort of the user. It is equipped with all the necessary security measures that ensure a safe and secure environment for the clients. They have enabled their trading software and official website with SSL security layer that not only keeps hackers out of the picture but also ensures no one is eavesdropping on what is being done within the infrastructure.
The business policy of the company was founded on the simple idea that money if kept on the shelf, depreciates with each passing day. 24BitDeposit ensures that the money works for its owner and not against them. The structure of the firm is made simply to provide anyone with a little bit of cash can multiply the same via cloud mining. 24BitDeposit is financial and legal firm that acts as a buffer and a platform for safely carrying out investments using cryptocurrencies.
About 24BitDeposit:
24BitDeposit is a Canadian investment firm that is associated with the management and execution of Bitcoin investments by their clients in the stock market. They have a team of councilors and business consultants that ensure the clients are choosing the right company to invest in. For further details, feel free to visit their official website.
For Media Contact:
Company: 24BitDeposit
Email: admin@24bitdeposit.com
Website: http://www.24bitdeposit.com
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
More than 250 hate crimes were committed against children in just one year, figures from West Midlands Police reveal.
And across the wider West Midlands region, there were 880 hate crimes where there the victims were under 18.
They include racist and religiously-motivated abuse.
The figures were provided by police to children's charity the NSPCC, which said children were sometimes targeted for abuse after high-profile terrorist ncidents.
West Midlands Police recorded 257 hate crimes against people under 18 in the 12 months up to April 2017.
This was up slightly from 233 hate crimes the year previously.
Across the country as a whole, there were 5,349 hate crimes aimed at people under 18.
The NSPCC, which runs the Childline telephone helpline for children, published the figures as it launched a new campaign called Understand Me,
It said children are suffering in silence from physical bullying, verbal abuse, cyberbullying and racist name calling because of the colour of their skin, religious beliefs or their accent.
The charity says it has provided almost 2,700 counselling sessions about race and faith based bullying in the last three years.
And it says there has been an increase in demand for counselling following terror attacks, with the number rising by over a third following the Westminster attack in March 2017, compared to the previous month.
Some young people contacting Childline said the abuse and negative stereotyping was so cruel they had self-harmed, or the bullying inside and out of school made them feel isolated and withdrawn from society. Others said they no longer wanted to go to school because they were worried about the abuse they would face.
NSPCC CEO Peter Wanless said: “It's heartbreaking to think that some children are targeted by bullies because of their race, culture or nationality. Racist jokes and negative stereotyping can be hurtful and leave young people feeling isolated and ashamed of who they are or where they are from.
“Our Understanding Me campaign aims to reach out to all children who are experiencing racial or faith based bullying and make sure they know that they are not alone. No child should suffer in silence and anyone is targeted must be supported to tell someone and ask for help.”
Dame Esther Rantzen, President of Childline said: “Bullying of any kind is vile, but targeting someone because of the colour of their skin, religious beliefs or their accent is simply unacceptable. Children are taking on board prejudices around race and religion in society and trading them as playground insults, with extremely harmful results.
“Young people should be encouraged to be proud of who they are. Racial bullying can be hard to cope with but young people need to know they don't have to carry this burden alone. Childline is here for all young people and talking to someone might help them find a way to deal with the situation.”
Any child worried about bullying can call Childline on 0800 11 11. Any adult who is concerned about a child can call the NSPCC Helpline on 0800 800 5000.
Hate crimes recorded by police force 2016-17:
Staffordshire Police 123
Warwickshire Police 64
West Mercia Police 160
West Midlands Police 257
Video will play in Play now Don't auto play
Never auto play
Start-up RateBroker is offering Kiwis a one-stop shop where people can easily compare quotes for the likes of mortgages, insurance and vehicle finance.
The Auckland-based company was founded last year by Matthew Grant and Matt Smith after Grant said he was fed up with door knockers coming round every evening.
"No one likes door knockers trying to sell them something, and no one likes having to try and go through multiple companies to get a good deal," Grant said.
"It was on this basis we created RateBroker. It's essentially a one-stop shop with everything under the one umbrella."
Customers could choose from the available services on the website before filling out a brief survey depending on which service it was for.
For example, a quote on life insurance might ask for age, gender, and whether the person smoked.
The site would then generate options from each of the different companies offering life insurance, along with quotes and general information on each firm.
In-house accredited staff could offer further advice if the customer needed it.
The business, which Herald publisher NZME recently bought into, employs five staff members with this expected to grow as the company expands.
The benefit of RateBroker was that it compared between six and eight companies for its services, and offered an unbiased approach as Grant said it didn't make a difference to RateBroker which firm the customer used.
Continued below.
Related Content Video Watch NZH Focus: Rate Brokers here to simplify McDonald's retro playground for sale on Trade Me Ministry of Justice lip-sync video cost taxpayers $23k
In February last year after launching, the company brokered about $10 million worth of mortgages and last month a year on, it brokered more than $100 million.
"That's bigger than the majority of brokers in the networks in New Zealand," Grant said.
"We have another two or three months worth of adding in all the different verticals and then we look into Australia."
Growth had all come from word of mouth Grant said.
The company was currently seeing several hundred customers a month, and Grant said this was expected to grow as the business looked to add services such as power and cell phone and internet to its suite.
The company is planning to expand into Australia, before looking to launch in other countries.
Grant said he hoped to be in three or four countries by the end of the year.
This was just me coming up with a solution to make the consumer feel more comfortable with wanting to actively look at products," Grant said.
"We're expecting growth to be phenomenal this year, and we've got people coming to us so we're not having to do too much going to them."
- NZ Herald
