(CNN) — The former student who gunned down 17 people at Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School in Parkland, Florida, recorded his plans on three cellphone videos, saying in one that he would try to kill at least 20 people.
According to newly released transcripts of the videos obtained from a source close to the investigation, Nikolas Cruz details how he will carry out the shooting.
“I'm gonna go take Uber in the afternoon before 2:40 (p.m.). From there I'll go into — onto school campus, walk up the stairs, unload my bags and get my AR and shoot people down at the man — what is it? — the main courtyard, wait, and people will die,” he says.
Investigators discovered the videos on Cruz's cellphone, which was taken into evidence after the shooting. The videos are listed on the prosecution's discovery list. Authorities didn't say when the videos were recorded.
In another video, Cruz says, “Today is the day. The day it all begin. The day of my massacre shall begin. All the kids in school will run and fear and hide. From the wrath of my power they will know who I am.”
“Hello, my name is Nick and I'm going to be the next school shooter of 2018,” says Cruz at the start of another video. “My goal is at least 20 people with an AR-15 and a couple tracer rounds.”
“It's going to be a big event. And when you see me on the news, you'll all know who I am,” he said before laughing.
He ends that video saying, “You're all going to die. Pew, pew-pew, pew, pew, pew, pew, pew. Ah yeah. Can't wait.”
On February 14, Cruz used an AR-15-style rifle to kill 17 people and wound 17 others. He confessed to the crimes, police said, but has not been convicted.
The-CNN-Wire™ & © 2018 Cable News Network, Inc., a Time Warner Company. All rights reserved.
DUNCAN - Duncan City Council members approved moving forward with investigation of any possible spillway degradation at the Clear Creek Lake Dam on Tuesday evening.
Kimberly Meeks, city manager, recommended moving forward with the city's contract with Freese and Nichols, Inc. to provide engineering services for the analysis of Clear Creek Lake Dam for $113,120.
"As you will recall, council entered into an agreement with Freese and Nichols, Inc. on June 24, 2016, to provide inspection services regarding the condition of the dam," Meeks said. "The services under that original contract have been completed to include a presentation of findings on Dec. 13, 2016."
The engineers recommended moving forward with investigation that will target the highest item on the risk spreadsheet which is spillway degradation, according to Meeks.
"Analysis of the existing spillway with regard to capacity and integrity will be completed, as well as up to three rehabilitation/replacement alternatives," Meeks said.
Council members also approved a payment request in the amount of $108,380 to Miller Construction for work done at the Lake Humphreys water pump station. Meeks said Miller Construction has completed all work except for System Controls and Data Acquisition, which are ongoing.
Vice Mayor Rickie Mayes asked when the water pump station would be back up and running. Public Works Director Alex Henry said it would be online and in operation today.
In other measures, the governing body approved amending a declaration creating the Duncan Enhancement Trust Authority from five members to eleven members and establishing three year terms for board members. This board will serve as administration, management and expenditure of public and private funds exclusively for projects that will beautify and aesthetically enhance the appearance of the City of Duncan.
SALT LAKE CITY (AP) — Mitt Romney is running for re-election to Marriott International's board of directors, but his campaign said Monday that he'll resign from that post if elected in November to the U.S. Senate, which bars senators from serving as an officer or board member of any publicly-held company.
The Utah Senate candidate and former Republican presidential candidate is one of 14 members of Marriott's board running for another year-long term, according to the hotel chain's filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission on Friday.
The board members will be up for re-election at the corporation's annual stockholder meeting on May 4.
The Republican, who is well-known and popular in Utah, is expected to win the race to replace retiring Sen. Orrin Hatch.
Advertisement
Romney's spokeswoman MJ Henshaw said Monday that Romney would comply with U.S. Senate rules and resign from the Marriott board if elected in November.
Marriott spokeswoman Connie Kim declined to comment.
Romney, who has longstanding ties to the Marriott family, has served on Marriott's board off-and-on since 1993.
He resigned from the board in 2002 to campaign for Massachusetts governor. He later rejoined the board in 2009 but left again in 2011 to start his campaign for U.S. president.
Romney, whose full name is Willard Mitt Romney, was named after Marriott founder J.W. Marriott, a close friend of Romney's father. Marriott's full name was John Willard Marriott.
If Romney stayed on the board, the now 71-year-old would run up next year against the company's mandatory retirement for board members at age 72.
The company's SEC filings show Romney was paid $247,299 in 2016 in cash, stocks and other compensation.
The filings were first reported by Bloomberg on Friday.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A woman has said Steven Seagal sexually assaulted her at a supposed casting session at a Beverly Hills room when she was a 17-year-old model and aspiring actress.
Faviola Dadis was emotional but composed as she spoke at a news conference in Los Angeles, becoming the latest of several women to accuse the action star of sexual misconduct.
Ms Dadis said Seagal reached under her bikini top, grabbed her nipples and then grabbed her genitals soon after the 2002 audition began. She said she promptly ended the audition and left deeply shaken.
"I have suffered from depression, anxiety and post-traumatic stress, have found it difficult to form trusting relationships with men," she said through tears as she read from a written statement.
She recently filed a report with police, and Los Angeles prosecutors said her case is under review.
Ms Dadis, now a 33-year-old doctoral candidate in clinical neuroscience, said she had recently moved to the US from the Netherlands when a music producer introduced her to Seagal.
After several phone calls and text messages, he invited her to a hotel room in Beverly Hills for the late-night casting session for a film he planned to make about Genghis Khan, Ms Dadis said.
She took a family friend because her mother was suspicious, but the person stayed in the lobby and she ended up in a room with only Seagal and his personal security guard.
Seagal had told her to wear a bikini or bra and panties under her clothes, and had her walk around the room in the bikini before saying he wanted to test their chemistry together and started touching her, Ms Dadis said.
"Steven sat there calmly as if nothing had happened while I was noticeably upset and terrified by the experience," she said. "I left feeling horrified and totally violated."
She said she told friends after about a month, but did not go to authorities at the time because she feared being blacklisted in the entertainment industry. She said Seagal later called her, but she never accepted the calls.
Ms Dadis said she was inspired by the recent wave of reports of sexual misconduct by men in the entertainment industry, and was spurred to come forward especially by actress Portia de Rossi saying Seagal once unzipped his trousers during an audition with her.
Ms Dadis spoke at the news conference alongside her lawyer, Lisa Bloom, and another woman, Regina Simons, who said Seagal sexually assaulted her in 1995 when she was 18, allegations she previously made on NBC in January.
Actress Jenny McCarthy has also said Seagal sexually harassed her at an audition in 1995.
Seagal said on his Facebook page that he had never met Simons and her story was fabricated, and he has denied the allegations from the other actresses.
Ms Bloom said there are no immediate plans for lawsuits.
A lawyer for Seagal said later that the actor adamantly denies the allegations made by Ms Dadis and Ms Simons.
Anthony Falangetti said the accounts of both women are "completely fictitious and totally made up".
He added that the allegations are a disservice to women who are victimised because of real predators in the film industry.
ABC News(WASHINGTON) — Sarah Sanders is known for her ability to face tough questions from the White House press corps, but when a student journalist questioned her at Wednesday's briefing about gun safety, she became visibly emotional.
“We recently had a lockdown drill,” the boy said from the back of the briefing room. “One thing that affects my and other students' mental health is the worry about the fact that we or our friends could get shot at school.
“Specifically can you tell me what the administration has done and will do about these senseless tragedies?” he asked.
Sanders, who has three young children, started to reply, but choked up during her response.
“I think that as a kid and certainly as a parent, there is nothing that could be more terrifying for a kid to go to school and not feel safe so I'm sorry that you feel that way,” Sanders said.
“This administration takes it seriously and the school safety commission that the president convened is meeting this week again — an official meeting — to discuss the best ways forward and how we can do every single thing within our power to protect kids in our schools and to make them feel safe and to make their parents feel good about dropping them off,” she said.
The young visitor was Benje Choucroun, a 13 year old who was at the White House on behalf of Time For Kids, the publication tweeted.
The briefing comes in the wake of a string of school shootings, including in Santa Fe, Texas and Parkland, Florida.
Copyright © 2018, ABC Radio. All rights reserved.
Bridgeport City Council held two first readings of ordnance's Monday regarding purchasing of property within city limits.
Firsts, council read and approved the authorization of purchasing five and a half acres of property near the North Central West Virginia Benedum Airport Authority on Route 131. Secondly, council also approved a first reading to purchase property on Worthington Drive near the Bridgeport City Pool.
“The city has always looked at opportunities to purchase property adjacent to or within the city limits because we know we're a growing community, and we need to be planning long term for the expansion of its populations and its needs,” said Bridgeport City Manager, Kim Haws.
All council members were in agreement with the need for the purchases of property, and a second reading of the ordnance will be read at Bridgeport's next council meeting.
Counter-terrorism police are working with officers in Wiltshire, England who have declared a major incident after a couple were left in a critical condition having being exposed to a mystery substance.
The pair, in their 40s, were found unconscious in a property in Muggleton Road, Amesbury, Wiltshire, on Saturday.
It is around 13 kilometres from where former Russian spy Sergei Skripal and his daughter Yulia were poisoned with a nerve agent in March, but it is not thought that the individuals are linked in any way to Russia or to the Skripals.
A police officer stands in front of Amesbury Baptist Church which has been cordoned off. Photograph: Henry Nicholls/Reuters.
Police officers stand in front of a housing development on Muggleton Road, Amesbury, which has been cordoned off. Photograph: Henry Nicholls/Reuters.
Wiltshire Police initially thought that the couple had taken contaminated crack cocaine or heroin, but then decided to carry out further tests and on Wednesday declared a major incident.
It is understood that tests are being carried out on the substance at the Government chemical weapons research laboratory at Porton Down.
The Metropolitan Police, who lead the national counter-terrorism network, said in a statement: “Given the recent events in Salisbury, officers from the counter-terrorism network are working jointly with colleagues from Wiltshire Police regarding the incident in Amesbury.
“As Wiltshire Police have stated, they are keeping an open mind as to the circumstances surrounding the incident and will update the public as soon and as regularly as possible.”
The man and woman from Amesbury are in a critical condition in Salisbury District Hospital.
Family fun day
It is believed that one of the last places they were seen in public was a family fun day at Amesbury Baptist Centre on Saturday afternoon.
The church is one of a number of locations in Amesbury and Salisbury which has been cordoned off by police.
Church secretary Roy Collins said: “Last weekend we held a community fundraiser and we understand this may well be the last event this couple went to in public.
“We are all quite puzzled and shocked — naturally the connection with Salisbury and recent events there mean is a heightened public interest.
“We are praying for the couple. One of our members knows them and clearly there are concerns for them and any others in the community.
“They are not church members or regulars.”
Mr Collins said around 200 people attended the event, including many families and children, but “nobody else has suffered any ill-effects”.
Public Health England (PHE) said it did not believe there to be a “significant health risk” to the wider public, although its advice was being reviewed.
The address where the couple were found is on a new housing development on the southern edge of the town, which lies close to Stonehenge.
Neighbours living near the scene were keen to find out more about what had happened to the couple.
‘We saw everything'
College student Chloe Edwards described seeing police cars, fire engines and people in “green suits” on Saturday night.
“We saw everything,” said the 17-year-old, who lives near the cordoned-off flat.
“We were just eating our dinner and all these emergency vehicles turned up.
“They were putting on these green suits and we thought it was the gas as our electricity was turned off as well.”
She said the vehicles arrived at about 7pm and she and her family were told to stay inside their home until about 10pm.
“We wanted to know what happened and, with the Russian attack happening not long ago, and we just assumed the worst,” she said.
“I am not sure how long they were in there but we couldn't get out of the house for two-and-a-half hours.”
A support unit from Dorset and Wiltshire Fire and Rescue Service went to the scene on Saturday, but the Swindon crew tweeted on Sunday that the incident “wasn't serious and our decontamination shower wasn't required”.
Justin Doughty, who lives opposite the police cordon, said residents wanted more information about what was happening.
“We don't know, to be honest now, because is it linked to Salisbury or is it drug-related?” he said.
“None of us is being told anything by the police and it would be nice to know something.^
“We would have thought the police would have been more forthcoming and keep us in the loop.”
Salisbury District Hospital is “open as usual” and officials advised people to attend routine appointments unless they are contacted to do otherwise.
Mr Skripal (67) and his 33-year-old daughter were left in a critical condition after they were found slumped on a bench in Salisbury city centre on March 4th.
They spent weeks in Salisbury District Hospital, where they underwent treatment for suspected exposure to the Russian-created nerve agent Novichok.
The British Government has accused Russia of being behind the attack on Mr Skripal, who settled in the UK after a spy swap.
PA
The contract between Santa Barbara County and UC Cooperative Extension, which includes support for the county's 4-H program, might be severed when budgetary decisions are made Friday by the Board of Supervisors.
The 4-H Youth Development Program has existed for nearly 100 years. Its 250 adult volunteers teach young people life skills in the areas of science, healthy living, citizenship, community service, public speaking and leadership.
The county sets aside $153,000 for the Cooperative Extension each year, which help to make the 4-H program possible.
“The 4-H Youth Development Program has been a legacy within programs of Santa Barbara County since the mid-1920s, providing educational and leadership opportunities for generations of Santa Barbara's young people,” Mary Thieleke Jackson, 4-H management board director, wrote in an email to Noozhawk.
It offers programs such as the 4-H military partnership, which brings activities to military bases and children of military families, and 4-H after-school programs.
The board is expected to make its budget decisions on Friday, after a week of presentations from every county department.
Also in danger of budget cuts are departments such as Alcohol, Drug and Mental Health Services, Public Health and Community Services.
During the board's hearing on Monday, children and supporters of the 4-H came together and expressed their concern about the potential elimination of the program.
Second District Supervisor Janet Wolf told Noozhawk that after listening to the young people before her and the rest of the board, she thought the $153,000 would be “a small investment for the future of our kids.”
“If I was a betting person, I guess I would be pretty confident,” Wolf said when asked about the likelihood of the program's survival. “But I never know until the day of the hearing.”
A national study by Tufts University on 4-H positive youth development in 2009 established that “when compared to other youth, 4-Hers are 25 percent more likely to contribute to their families, themselves and their communities, more likely to see themselves going to college (and) 41 percent less likely to engage in risk/problem behavior.”
The 4-H program is open to everyone, regardless of social economic background, race or gender. It brings adults and youth from throughout the county together to work on programs, events and activities to benefit the young people of Santa Barbara.
“With so much support expressed at the budget hearing on Monday, staff and volunteers are remaining hopeful,” 4-H program representative Sherry Mills said. “UC Cooperative Extension is looking to service the people of the county for years to come.”
The supervisors are scheduled to meet at 9 a.m. Friday on the fourth floor of the County Administration Building, 105 E. Anapamu St. in Santa Barbara.
— Noozhawk intern Linda Sturesson can be reached at .(JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address) . Follow Noozhawk on Twitter: @noozhawk, @NoozhawkNews and @NoozhawkBiz. Connect with Noozhawk on Facebook.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Aston Villa FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Love at first sight
Tony Xia considered buying West Bromwich Albion before he was swayed by the size of Aston Villa, the Birmingham Mail can reveal.
The Chinese businessman arranged to meet ex-Albion owner Jeremy Peace when he was looking to invest in a football club last year.
Xia was interested in taking over at The Hawthorns but as soon as he set eyes on Villa his heart was sold.
Tony no phoney
Randy Lerner had one final wish when he parted ways with Aston Villa after ten years in charge.
It was to find an engaged and enthused buyer who would continue the legacy he left in the Midlands.
The ex-owner can sit tight over in New York knowing that he sold to the right man.
So says Gregg Evans
Back on track
Jonathan Kodjia is back training less than six weeks after having an operation on his broken ankle.
Last season's 19-goal top scorer went under the knife in Belgium on May 4 after breaking his ankle during the 1-0 defeat to Blackburn Rovers in April and manager Steve Bruce feared he could be out for up to six months.
But Kodjia appears to be making steady progress and has been fighting his way to fitness with his personal trainer.
Hot water
Former Villa youngster Harry Forrester has been banished from Rangers training and told to look for a new club, say reports.
Forrester, 26, only joined Rangers permanently last summer but has fallen foul of new boss Pedro Caixinha's strict rules.
It is claimed Forrester was told to pack his bag moments after a summer workout with the club's new-look squad had been completed on Sunday, and Caixinha has told him to stay away from Rangers' training complex for the next two weeks.
Gone but will they be forgotTEN?
Ten players have been released from Aston Villa as part of the summer clear-out.
But what do we know about them and will the decision come back to haunt Villa in the future?
Gregg Evans answers that question.
Terry all gold
Gregg Evans argues the case for John Terry
"For me it's a no-brainer.
"If he's available and the money is there - get him in.
"I mean, what other centre-half will ever arrive at Aston Villa with a better CV than John Terry?"
Old gold
However, Steve Wollaston disagrees.
"Do not sign John Terry.
"That would be my advice to anyone in the corridors of power at Aston Villa.
"He just can't be what Aston Villa need."
Click here to read the rest.
Toronto police say they will resume digging at a property where accused serial killer Bruce McArthur worked as a landscaper.
Police have already found the remains of at least seven men buried in planters at the property in midtown Toronto.
McArthur, 66, has been charged with eight counts of first degree murder for the deaths of men with ties to the city's gay village.
Investigators say they began excavating the home's backyard in January, but nothing was found.
Kiwi administrator Raelene Castle has been announced as the new chief executive for Rugby Australia, taking over from Bill Pulver.
The former Netball New Zealand and Canterbury Bulldogs chief executive was officially announced as Pulver's successor at a press conference in Sydney on Tuesday afternoon.
Rugby Australia Chairman Cameron Clyne said Castle was the standout applicant from a list of over 200 candidates which included sporting and business leaders from across the globe.
"Raelene is an extremely impressive executive who covered every base as far as what the Board was looking for in a chief executive officer to lead our game into an important new chapter.
Advertisement
"She offers an incredible wealth of experience in sports administration and business, with an outstanding track record in commercial, marketing and communications roles.
"Through her most recent roles as CEO of the Bulldogs and Netball New Zealand, Raelene has led sporting organisations at both a national and club level, giving her an in-depth understanding of what it takes to run a national sporting body as well as the unique challenges for clubs and the importance of building strong relationships and a unity of purpose within a sporting code.
"Raelene impressed the board with her vision for Rugby and her clear understanding of what needs to be done to strengthen and unite the code at all levels. In talking to Raelene, and those who have worked with her over her successful sports administration career, it is clear that she fosters environments of collaboration and high performance, always leading by example.
"Raelene will bring a fresh set of eyes to the challenges and opportunities at Rugby Australia, bringing to us her learnings from other codes."
Castle said: "I am honoured to be joining Rugby Australiaandbringing to it my commercial and sports management and marketing experience.
"Having followed Rugby closely for over 30 years and having worked in the New Zealand and Australian sporting environments for the past 10 years, there is no doubt Australian rugby has a clear international and domestic offering for both male and female athletes that can be further developed and strengthened.
"I am especially looking forward to getting out into the Rugby communities across Australia and meeting the diverse range of people that make the game tick."
Did you know that dogs are the perfect reading companions? They create a relaxed, comfortable and safe environment for sharing books. For almost a year, Mikey Gallavan has been bringing Sophie Ann, a trained therapy dog, to libraries in Grand County so children can read to her.
Sophie becomes excited and animated when Mikey dresses her in a special therapy dog vest, knowing that it is time to go to the library, curl up, and listen to a child read. She enters the library eagerly, walking around greeting patrons while nearing her corner of the children's area. Soon children and parents will come, lining up to take their turn to stroke Sophie's golden coat, look into her big brown eyes, and begin to read aloud. It does not matter to Sophie how well the child can read—if they hesitate when they come to certain words or if they stammer. She is never judgmental, does not criticize, and has a way of making each child feel comfortable reading aloud and encouraged.
Jeanette McQuade, branch manager of the Fraser Valley Library, says, "It's so wonderful to see the children's faces light up when they first meet Sophie, and also heartwarming to see Sophie's wagging tail as she understands that this is her job." You can bring your child to read with Sophie at the Fraser Valley Library on the first Wednesday of the month from 3:30 to 5 p.m. Nov. 1 is the next "work day" for Sophie, so mark your calendar, help your little one select a good book to share with Sophie, and come to the library to meet Sophie. All ages are welcome, and children do not have to be reading ready to visit. Please arrive to the library early to select a book, and have fun reading to your new four-legged friend.
DERA ISMAIL KHAN, Pakistan (AP) — Pakistani intelligence officials say a suspected U.S. drone strike killed a militant commander and his associate near the Afghan border.
Two intelligence officials say the drone targeted the commander, Qari Abdullah Dawar, as he was walking with his associate near their mountain hideout in the Tor Tangai area of North Waziristan on Wednesday.
North Waziristan has long been a sanctuary for Pakistani Taliban and other militant groups. Pakistan's military says it has eradicated most militant safe havens in operations there.
They say the slain militants were from the Gul Bahadur group, which has carried out attacks inside Afghanistan. The officials spoke on condition of anonymity because they were not authorized to speak to the media.
Advertisement
Pakistani Taliban leader Mullah Fazlullah was killed in a drone strike in Afghanistan last month.
The young daughter of a woman who died when she was knocked down by a stolen car wept uncontrollably as she stood over her mother's coffin yesterday.
The funeral of mother-of-two Lisa Gow, who was killed when she was hit by a stolen vehicle on the Ballysillan Road last Thursday morning, took place yesterday afternoon in St Andrew's Church on Forthriver Road in the north of the city.
Press Eye - Belfast - Northern Ireland - 24th April 2018''Funeral of Lisa Gow at St Andrew's Church in the Glencairn, west Belfast. The mother-of-two was knocked down and killed by a stolen car which was being pursued by the police, last Thursday in north Belfast. ''Family and friends follow her coffin as it leaves the church after the funeral service. ''Picture by Jonathan Porter/PressEye
The church was packed beyond capacity as mourners – told to dress brightly – remembered a “bubbly” individual who devoted her life to her children.
Her sister Kellyann fought back the tears as she read a tribute to Lisa along with her other sister Rebecca.
“Her number one priority was her two absolutely beautiful kids,” she said, adding her children were “the centre of her world”.
She said: “She made sure Olivia and Riley wanted for nothing and we as a family will make sure that carries on.”
To Lisa she said: “Fly high our angel until we meet again.”
Rev Colin Duncan, who led the service, told the News Letter: “Lisa had a very bubbly personality, she was a very lively girl, energetic. She was well loved by her family and she loved her family.
“Everyone that has spoken to me has told me how great a mum she was.
“One of the things that struck me was how this has impacted across such a wide area and so many different types of people, particularly young mothers The family have been overwhelming with the support and messages of condolence they have received.
“They're very grateful for that.”
DUP councillor Dale Pankhurst who attended the funeral said it was a “sad day”, but added: “The turnout emphasises the community solidarity that is behind the family.”
Lisa is survived by her mother and father Agnes and Peter, children Olivia and Riley and sisters Kellyann and Rebecca. After her funeral in north Belfast she was taken to Roselawn Crematorium for another short service.
Lisa had left her children to school shortly after the incident in which she was killed.
The driver of the stolen car who is charged with causing her death by dangerous driving – Martin Nelson – accepted his role in the mother-of-two's death.
His defence solicitor Pearse MacDermott confirmed in court last Friday that: “During interview Mr Nelson made full admissions and accepted his role in the incident, and during interviews he expressed remorse and sorrow to the victim's family.”
The sale of Solid Energy's remaining operating coalmines terminates the Crown's 114-year involvement in the coal industry.
The sale has been greeted positively by the company, with its press release noting that participating creditors "should see a return of approximately 60 cents in the dollar compared to the estimated 20 cents that creditors would have received if the company had gone into liquidation in September 2015".
This is an incredibly positive spin on the woeful performance of the company over the past five years. Its disclosure has also been inadequate; taxpayers are entitled to far more information on the company's asset sale process, particularly the price it received for its mines.
Coal was first mined in New Zealand in the 1830s at Shag Point in Otago, with the first recorded coalmine at Saddle Hill near Dunedin.
Advertisement
Numerous mines were opened in the second half of the 19th century in the Waikato, Buller, West Coast, Otago and Southland. More than 130 mines operated in the Greymouth area after Thomas Brunner discovered coal there in 1848.
National output increased dramatically in the late 1800s, from just 165,000 tonnes in 1878 to 1.1 million tonnes in 1900.
The Crown entered the coal sector in 1901 with the establishment of State Coal Mines. The new government department opened its first mine at Seddonville in the Buller region in 1903, but most mines remained in private ownership through the early 20th century.
Total production peaked in 1945 at 2.9m tonnes, but after the war production stabilised and profitability declined. Many mines closed while others were acquired by State Coal Mines, mainly to ensure a cheap supply of coal and preserve mining skills in traditional mining areas.
By 1950, State Coal Mines was New Zealand's largest coal producer but many of its operations were uneconomic.
In 1986, when total national output was 2.5m tonnes, the Crown entity reported a trading loss of $76 million and had interest-bearing debt of $600m.
An industry study, financed by Coal Research, estimated that it cost $160,000 a year to keep each State Coal miner employed.
In 1987, State Coal Mines was corporatised and became Coal Corporation of New Zealand Limited. The new company's main aim was to operate as a commercial business, whereas State Coal Mines had central energy planning, regional development and employment objectives.
In 1997, when Coal Corporation was renamed Solid Energy New Zealand, it was 100 per cent Crown owned and produced two-thirds of New Zealand's coal from 10 mines.
Solid Energy underwent a massive transformation after Don Elder was appointed chief executive in May 2000. Elder was born in Christchurch and educated at Christ's College before attending Oxford University on a Rhodes scholarship.
The miner achieved a huge increase in output under Elder's stewardship. This was a major contributor to the surge in national coal production from 2.1m tonnes in 2000 to an all-time high of 4.3m tonnes five years later.
But Elder had a bigger vision for Solid Energy: he believed the company should play a major role in New Zealand's total energy development, not just coal.
The company's 2009 annual report noted that the New Zealand economy "depends on energy to survive and thrive" and "Solid Energy is committed to making these energy resources available to support New Zealand's increased economic prosperity and standard of living".
As part of this total energy strategy, Solid Energy invested in biodiesel, coal seam gas, lignite gasification, a briquette plant, wood pellets and renewable energy. Most of these investments were financed through borrowed funds.
Former Solid Energy boss Don Elder. Photo / Mark Mitchell Former Solid Energy boss Don Elder. Photo / Mark Mitchell
The energy company hit the proverbial brick wall in its June 2013 year when coal prices slumped and revenue plunged from $978.4m the previous year to $631.1m. The company reported a net loss after tax of $335.4m, which included impairment charges of $215.3m.
These impairments included writedowns in the value of the Stockton, Spring Creek and Huntly East mines as well as the company's briquette plant, coal seam gas operations, biodiesel, lignite and other assets.
Interest-bearing debt had soared from just $15m in June 2007 to $399m, operating leases from $5m to $93m, while total equity had plunged from $342m to only $92m over the same six-year period.
Meanwhile, the number of employees paid $100,000 or more soared from 130 in 2006-07 to 472 in 2011-12 and 554 the following year, including redundancy payments.
The coalminer was in serious trouble and in October 2012 creditors agreed to a debt rescheduling compromise.
The next three years can be summarised as follows:
• The company's coal production slumped from 3.9m tonnes to 3.3m tonnes in its June 2014 year, revenue declined from $631.1m to $449.2m and it reported a loss of $181.9m after an impairment charge of $110.6m. Asset sales of $39m included non-core land, the briquette plant and wood pellet business.
• In 2014-15 coal production declined from 3.3m tonnes to 2.8m tonnes, revenue from $449.2m to $369.8m and the company recorded a net loss of $176.7m, including a further $256.6m of impairments. Solid Energy went into voluntary administration on September 17, 2015 because of potential problems in meeting its debt repayments when they became due.
• Coal production slumped again in the June 2016 year, from 2.8m to 2m tonnes, and revenue declined to $230.6m. The coal miner reported a net profit of $94.7m but this included a positive contribution of $250.1m from the write-down of its participant debt from $385.6m to $135.5m.
In October 2016, Solid Energy announced the following mine sales:
• The New Vale and Ohai coal mines in Southland would be sold to Greenbriar, a private Dunedin-based company.
• Agreement had been reached to sell the West Coast Strongman and Liverpool mines to Birchfield family interests.
• BT Resources, a 35/65 joint venture between the Motueka-based Talley family and ASX-listed Bathurst Resources, would purchase the Stockton export coal operation and the two Waikato mines, Rotowaro and Maramarua.
No sales figures were given, a characteristic that is consistent with Solid Energy's poor disclosure regarding its assets sales and balance sheet restructurings. As well, the last interim report on its website is for the six months ended December 2013.
The Greenbriar and Birchfield agreements were settled in April and the Reddale Mine, Burkes Creek washery and related Reefton assets were sold to Christchurch-based Moore Mining in August. Once again, no sale price was given.
Finally, the Talley/Bathurst Resources sale was finalised on August 31, ending the Crown's involvement in operating mines that started in 1903 at Seddonville.
Solid Energy is now on track to complete its remaining administrative activities by December, prior to the company going into solvent liquidation by March 2018.
Solid Energy's demise is a sad reflection of the Crown's governance of commercial businesses. The company has been impacted by the decline in coal prices, but probably would have survived if it hadn't adopted a debt-fuelled expansion strategy under Elder's stewardship.
Taxpayers will effectively receive nothing for their 114-year investment in the coalmining sector.
By contrast, the Talley/Bathurst Resources joint venture has revealed that it paid $38.4m for the Stockton, Rotowaro and Maramarua mines, with an additional contingent payment of up to $50m over the next four years.
An ASX release indicated that these mines are forecast to achieve operating earnings of $65m-$82m in the current financial year.
These figures clearly indicate that Solid Energy can be added to the list of Crown asset sales - a list that includes Bank of New Zealand and Telecom - where purchasers have received a far better deal than taxpayers.
• Brian Gaynor is an executive director of Milford Asset Management which holds Solid Energy bonds on behalf of clients.
Comic company Millarworld has been bought by entertainment giants Netflix.
Comic book writer Mark Millar, 47, from Coatbridge, Scotland, whose works Kick-Ass and Wanted have been made into hit films, set up the firm in the early 2000s having previously worked at Marvel.
In a statement on his website, he wrote: "Warner Bros bought DC Comics in 1968. Disney bought Marvel in 2009. Today Netflix purchased Millarworld and I'm still blinking. This is only the third time in history a comic-book company purchase on this scale has ever happened.
"I started Millarworld as a creator-owned comic-book company nearly 15 years ago, after talking some artist pals into being their own bosses. We'd all had success at DC and Marvel, but this was a chance to control the characters created and reap the rewards from any future movies, TV or merchandise that ever came from those characters and books.
"Over the years, Millarworld has amassed twenty different franchises working with the world's greatest artists, and now Millarworld has been bought by the hottest, most exciting entertainment company on the planet. To say this is the best thing that ever happened in our professional lives would be an understatement."
Netflix said it will stream films, series and children's shows based on Millarworld characters, and the comics brand will continue to create and publish new stories and character franchises under the Netflix label.
The terms of the acquisition, Netflix's first, were not disclosed.
Netflix chief content officer Ted Sarandos said: "As creator and re-inventor of some of the most memorable stories and characters in recent history, ranging from Marvel's The Avengers to Millarworld's Kick-Ass, Kingsman, Wanted and Reborn franchises, Mark is as close as you can get to a modern day Stan Lee.
"We can't wait to harness the creative power of Millarworld to Netflix and start a new era in global storytelling."
/ Front page / News
OVER the weekend, Beachcomber heard that a friend was at a family gathering when he saw a young nephew walking up to have his food served.
Upon getting his food, he overheard the woman serving the food offering dalo to the small boy.
Much to the woman's surprise and amusement, the small boy replied with a straight face, "I'm sorry nanna I don't eat tavioka (cassava)."
He pointed to the cassava saying he wanted that instead.
The friend and the woman burst out laughing.
Make informed decisions.
Become an FT subscriber.
Keep abreast of significant corporate, financial and political developments around the world. Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting, expert commentary and analysis you can trust.
RAYMONDVILLE, Texas (AP) — Officials in a remote South Texas county have approved a contract to open a privately run, 1,000-bed immigration lockup on the site of a tent city prison that was destroyed during a 2015 riot.
The Valley Morning Star of Harlingen reports that Willacy County commissioners on Monday agreed to the U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement detention center outside Raymondville, about 50 miles (80 kilometers) from the U.S.-Mexico border city of Brownsville.
County Judge Aurelio Guerra says the new lockup will boost the local economy.
The prison that housed 3,000 inmates in tent-like domes closed after the 2015 uprising. A county lawsuit blamed the riot on "abysmal mismanagement" by Utah-based Management & Training Corp.
Advertisement
Management & Training, which bought the site last year, will operate the new immigrant facility.
___
Information from: Valley Morning Star, http://www.valleystar.com
National leader of the Progressives Congress ( APC ) Bola Ahmed Tinubu has reacted to the launch of the Coalition for Nigeria championed by former President Olusegun Obasanjo. Tinubu stated that it was too early to respond to movement as every Ni...
It feels like I'm slowing, falling into a state of hibernation. It's what happens in Australia during the winter months when all sporting events of interest feel like they're happening on the other side of the world. Right now most of what matters tend to take place while I'm sleeping, being nine hours ahead, or nine hours behind, depending on where you're coming from.
One of the things I like to record and then watch later without knowing the results is the Diamond League athletic events. You can quickly fly through each race – or fast forward – even though sometimes it's nice to sit back and listen to the full commentary.
I had been following the Giro d'Italia too, only it's not easy to find time to sit through a few hours of a stage after it has all ended. Especially when you know already that Sam Bennett has won yet another stage. So the highlights are sufficed to give a general idea of what's going on.
It also took the friendly lead-up game between the Republic of Ireland and France this week to remind me that the World Cup in football is taking place in Russia, starting in just two weeks' time. Australia have qualified for the fourth successive time, although you mightn't realise that unless you went looking for it.
I expected there would be a bit more build-up and interest generated already. But it's not so obvious at all, particularly when I am accustomed to the build-up and excitement whenever the Republic of Ireland have qualified in previous years. Maybe that will change if Australia start winning some matches. It won't be easy.
First game
It's interesting too that the first game for Australia will be against France, and it is set to take place at exactly the same time that the Ireland rugby team take on Australia in Melbourne in the upcoming Australia tour.
That should certainly test the ratings, and give a good idea where “soccer” – as they firmly call it here – and rugby lie in the wake of the dominant Australian Rules Football, which gets blanket media coverage throughout the winter.
I like to follow the Melbourne club Richmond Tigers even if just picking up team alerts on my phone wherever I am in the world – team sheets, quarterly updates throughout the game.
Maybe now that France have shown some form beating Ireland comfortably 2-0, and with the Australians now gathered in Turkey for their pre-tournament training camp, there will be some momentum building towards the opening games in Russia in two weeks' time.
It's a daunting enough task for Australia playing France, one of the higher ranked teams, so early in the tournament. Then their second pool game is against Denmark, the team that defeated Ireland in the play-off games last year. Either way, it should bring some interest to this side of the world, closely followed by the arrival of the Irish rugby team in Melbourne.
This is also looking a little daunting for Australia. With the Australians trying to regain some form, and confidence, and Ireland regrouping again after their most successful season, it's going to be a tense time over the three games.
All three games are set to be sell-outs – Brisbane, Melbourne and then Sydney. I suspect there will be more support for Ireland in the stadiums. There are so many Irish people living in Australia now, and we all know how well the Irish like to support their own. Especially while away from home. For those of us living in Melbourne, the match will be one of the highlights this winter.
Lashing rain
I've already been to a couple of Ireland versus Australia games. I was in the wind and lashing rain at the old Lansdowne Road stadium in 2006 when Ireland had one of those rare wins over the Wallabies. I was at the World Cup game in Eden Park, New Zealand, in 2011 – again Ireland took the win. At the time it was a shock defeat for Australia, who still went a step more than Ireland to get to the semi-finals only to be defeated by eventual winners New Zealand. There is history between the teams.
Ireland are now second in the rugby world rankings, and it is something new for Australia to face Ireland as underdogs. Australia are not the powerhouse they have been in the past.
Down through the years I've crossed paths with the Irish rugby team, and the energy and atmosphere is always something to look forward to. Just before the last World Cup in England, I was invited along with a few more former Irish sports stars to join the Irish team for dinner ahead of their game against Italy. We sat at different tables for each course, and got to chat and share stories in a very casual setting.
Alongside me were Barry McGuigan, Niall Quinn, AP McCoy and Henry Shefflin. After the dinner we were each presented with a signed jersey. It was a fitness test to see who would be brave enough to squeeze into the figure-hugging jerseys.
Safe place
Up until recently this jersey was packed away in a safe place. Then I thought maybe I should do something with it. I'm often asked for something signed, though rarely hear back about what happened at the auction or where the jersey ended up.
I work closely with the Emer Casey Run in Melbourne, linked to the original run in Youghal, Co Cork, each year, all linked to the Emer Casey Foundation. Each year we raise funds for ovarian cancer research, and one of the fundraisers is an auction at the Melbourne Rose of Tralee Ball.
I reckoned the Irish jersey might raise a few dollars. We framed it, and put it up for auction on the night, and I was pleasantly surprised the next day when I got a message to say the jersey sold for $10,000 (€6,400). This really got the ball rolling for our run this year.
I sent a message to Joe Schmidt to let him know how grateful we were for this added bonus to our funds – and wished the Irish team good luck.
Maybe, like me, they hear no more once a jersey is donated.
Increasing consumer awareness about health and fitness, rising tech-savvy population, technological advancements and growing e-commerce industry to drive India smart band market through 2023
According to TechSci Research report, “India Smart Band Market By Product Type, By Category, Competition Forecast & Opportunities, 2013 – 2023”, smart band market in India is forecast to grow at an astounding CAGR of 41% during 2018 – 2023. Growth in the market is expected to be driven by new technological advancements, rapidly increasing number of health-conscious people in the country and presence of a robust distribution channel. Smart bands enable users to perform functions such as using email, receiving WhatsApp notifications, monitoring heartbeats, etc., which is boosting their adoption across varied consumer segments. Owing to aforementioned factors, number of people adopting smart bands in India is anticipated to grow at a robust pace over the coming years.
Browse 48 Figures spread through 92 Pages and an in-depth TOC on
“India Smart Band Market” https://www.techsciresearch.com/report/india-smart-band-market/3042.html
On the basis of product type, India smart band market has been segmented into two categories, namely fitness band and smartwatch. Of these categories, fitness bands are gaining popularity as they enable the users to easily track their health. Moreover, this segment of smart bands is expected to emerge as the fastest growing segment during the forecast period, backed by the availability of several low-cost products, rising disposable income and growing number of health-conscious people in the country. South India dominates the country's smart band market, on account of presence of huge tech-savvy and fitness conscious population in the region. However, over the coming years, eastern region is anticipated to register the fastest growth rate in the country's smart band market, on the back of rapid urbanization.
Download Sample Report @ https://www.techsciresearch.com/sample-report.aspx?cid=3042
Customers can also request for 10% free customization on this report.
According to a consumer survey conducted by TechSci, it was found that majority of the respondents prefer purchasing smart bands in the price range of USD15-30 per piece. “India smart band market is expected to witness strong growth over the coming years, as the IoT ecosystem is growing at a rapid pace. In addition to rising sales of low-cost smart bands, the anticipated launch of more smart home appliances and introduction of 5G technology, along with LTE feature in smartwatches such as Apple, is likely to push the smart band market in India over the course of next five years.”, said Mr. Karan Chechi, Research Director with TechSci Research, research based global management consulting firm.
“India Smart Band Market By Product Type, By Category, Competition Forecast & Opportunities, 2013 – 2023” has evaluated the future growth potential of India smart band market and provides statistics and information on market structure, size and trends. The report is intended to provide cutting-edge market intelligence and help decision makers take sound investment decisions. Besides, the report also identifies and analyzes the emerging trends along with essential drivers, challenges and opportunities present in India smart band market.
Browse Related Reports
Global Smart Bed Market By Mode (Manual, Semi-automatic etc.), By Equipment Type (Sensors, Automation & Control, etc.), By End Use Sector (Healthcare, Residential, etc.), By Region, Competition Forecast and Opportunities, 2012-2022
https://www.techsciresearch.com/report/global-smart-bed-market-by-mode-manual-semi-automatic-etc-by-equipment-type-sensors-automation-control-etc-by-end-use-sector-healthcare-residential-etc-by-region-competition-forecast-and-opportunities/1047.html
Global Smartwatch Market By Type (Classic, Standalone and Extension), By Application (Personal Assistance, Wellness, Medical/Health, etc.), By Operating System (Watch OS, Android, Tizen, RTOS, etc.), Competition Forecast and Opportunities, 2012-2021
https://www.techsciresearch.com/report/global-smartwatch-market-by-type-classic-standalone-and-extension-by-application-personal-assistance-wellness-medical-health-etc-by-operating-system-watch-os-android-tizen-rtos-etc-competition-forecast-and-opportunities/826.html
India Internet of Things Market By Component (Hardware, Software Platform and Services), By Communication Technology (Short-Range, Cellular, Satellite and Others), Competition Forecast and Opportunities, 2012-2022
https://www.techsciresearch.com/report/india-internet-of-things-market-by-component-hardware-software-platform-and-services-by-communication-technology-short-range-cellular-satellite-and-others-competition-forecast-and-opportunities/937.html
Contact
Mr. Ken Mathews
708 Third Avenue,
Manhattan, NY,
New York – 10017
Tel: +1-646-360-1656
Email: sales@techsciresearch.com
Ajman, United Arab Emirates, August 2017; — In a move that would support and reinforce the UAE's consistent endeavor to enhance FDI flows into the country, Ajman Free Zone (AFZ) today announced that it has started offering corporate re-domiciliation services to global offshore and onshore companies in its premises.
In a statement, AFZ said its re-domiciliation facility comes at a time when there is an increasing trend among corporate entities to move their base to more investor and tax-friendly destinations and the UAE offers an ideal option to relocate to with its business-friendly environment.
“Corporate re-domiciliation facility is a strategic step to enhance foreign investments into the country and we believe AFZ with its cutting-edge investment facilitation services offers the right platform for corporate entities across the world to move in while keeping their assets and legal identity intact for reasons of operational, regulatory and stakeholder transparency,” said Mr. Mahmood Al Hashemi, Director General, AFZ.
He said AFZ has already started receiving keen interest from companies currently domiciled in global offshore locations as well as from onshore corporate entities in the local and regional markets scouting for a comparatively flexible and conducive business environment.
“The AFZ corporate re-domiciliation services complement the overall vision of the UAE to attract increased inward FDI flows to boost the economy. By widening our investment canvas across the globe as well as to regional and local onshore markets, the thrust is to accelerate the free zone's growth and pro-active vision,” Mr. Mahmoud said.
The target markets for AFZ in corporate re-domiciliation services is across all offshore global locations such as the Caribbean, British Virgin Islands (BVC), Seychelles, Switzerland, US Virgin Islands, Netherlands Antilles, the Philippines, Brunei, Macao, Mauritius etc.. to name a few. In the region, AFZ will also target regional companies wishing to re-locate to the UAE from markets such as Lebanon and Bahrain.
“The new service is an integral part of AFZ's strategy to woo foreign investments and coupled with our accelerated drive to set up more hub offices in global locations, our mission is to attract more overseas investments into the UAE which will in turn support national economic growth” said Mr. Faisal Al Nuaimi, AFZ Deputy Director General.
“While the new services are largely meant for global offshore companies, it is not limited to those geographies alone and companies that have an onshore and offshore base in the local market can also avail the AFZ advantage,” he said, adding that the pioneering investment-friendly steps taken by the free zone will add to the attraction for global corporate entities wanting to re-domicile to the UAE.
Explaining the corporate re-domiciliation steps to register with AFZ, Mr. Rishi Somaiya, Sales Director, AF said transparency and good conduct by companies wishing to relocate to the free zone was an imperative.
“Companies need to produce a good standing certificate from authorities at the outgoing jurisdiction. A board resolution by the existing company which intends to re-domicile is also necessary,” he said, adding that those companies with no up-to-date accounts and having an ongoing legal process in the existing jurisdiction may not be able to relocate.
About Ajman Free Zone
Ajman Free Zone (AFZ) was established in 1988, leading to massive industrial development in Ajman by attracting a great number of companies to benefit from the investment privileges, thereby strengthening industry and economy in the UAE. AFZ provides competitive privileges and facilities allowing companies to get a considerable return on their investment. AFZ continues to develop its infrastructure, spending millions of Dirhams along its free zone area of more than one million square meters. The strategic location advantages of AFZ include reach to international airports within 25 minutes. AFZ is located opposite Ajman Port. The free zone offers 100% ownership, easy transfer of capital and profits, exemption from personal income tax, exemption from import and export duties, competitive prices on facility usage and competitive prices for power/electricity. The advantage also includes competitive prices on leasing, easy access to low-cost labour and well developed infrastructure. It also offers one-stop counter service for effecting transactions and fast and easy procedures and in most cases issues the license within 24 hours.
Ends
Minnesota Wild's Daniel Winnik (26) moves the puck next to Dallas Stars' Stephen Johns (28) during the second period of an NHL hockey game Wednesday, Dec. 27, 2017, in St. Paul, Minn. (AP Photo/Hannah Foslien)
WILD at STARS
7 p.m. today (FSSW-Plus/1310AM The Ticket-96.7FM)
Storyline
This is a good ol' fashioned rivalry game with a ton of meaning. The Stars moved from Minnesota in 1993, they are celebrating that team on Retro Night, and they are playing the Wild, who sit one point behind in the standings. Lose this one in regulation, and the Wild surge ahead of you into fourth place in the Central Division. This should be fun.
Key match-up
Charlie Coyle vs. Alexander Radulov
Coyle had two assists in a 4-2 Minnesota win over Dallas Dec. 27 and has scored goals in consecutive games for the Wild. Radulov has been the engine that has driven the Stars this season and has 16 points (6 goals, 10 assists) in his past 10 games.
Key Number
17
That's the number of consecutive home games started by goaltender Ben Bishop. Kari Lehtonen has started just twice at home this season, the last of which when he allowed three goals on 12 shots and was pulled against Edmonton Nov. 18. But with Bishop sidelined by a facial injury, Lehtonen will get the start in net. He is coming off a 4-1 win at Arizona Thursday in which he made 17 saves.
Notable
Dallas beat Arizona, 4-1, on Tuesday and is 29-19-4 (62 points), 17-8-1 at home.
Minnesota beat Vegas at home Friday, 5-2. The Wild are 28-18-5 (61 points), 10-14-1 on the road.
Kari Lehtonen is expected to start in net for Dallas. He is 8-5-1 with a 2.31 GAA and .915 save percentage. Lehtonen is 10-10-3 in his career against Minnesota with a 2.82 GAA and .897 save percentage.
Devan Dubnyk could potentially start the second of back-to-back games or Minnesota. He is 20-10-3 with a 2.63 GAA and .917 save percentage. Alex Stalock could get the start as a backup. He is 8-8-2 with a 2.66 GAA and .917 save percentage.
Marc Methot is out for Dallas. He has been battling a knee injury all season and has yet to return to practice. Martin Hanzal also is out with a lower body injury. They skated in the morning.
Antoine Roussel is returning after missing two games with a sinus infection.
Dallas is 8-8-0 against the Central Division. Minnesota is 7-10-0 against the Central.
Minnesota beat Dallas 4-2 Dec. 27 in St. Paul. The Wild are 6-1-1 in their last eight games.
Dan Hamhuis has 18 points (5 goals, 13 assists) and is plus-19 in 49 games against Minnesota.
Tyler Seguin has 23 points (8 goals, 15 assists) and is plus-1 in 21 games against Minnesota.
He said it
"We had about seven periods like that in a row where we've just been on our heels the whole time. Too much thinking. Too much processing. Let's just go. Let's get going; let's get back playing fast north and that's what we did...Once we got after people, we really started to control the game. It was good to see."
-Stars coach Ken Hitchcock on how the team bounced back in the second period and that helped lead to a 4-1 win in Arizona Thursday.
"You're going to be saying the same thing on Monday when we play the Rangers. You want to play well, whatever happens, you're going to move on quickly because you've got another game that's just as important. We've got 30 of these games that are going to be like this until the end of the year."
-Stars coach Ken Hitchcock on how the Stars will be fighting for a playoff spot until the end of the season.
"He allows us to spread our minutes out more. He's very good at killing penalties. He gets the other teams' attention by his work ethic and his determination...I'm going to have to be flexible on the left side of the ice depending on what matchups I get. If we've got to trade out positions, we'll do that early in the game."
-Stars coach Ken Hitchcock on the return of Antoine Roussel after missing two games with a sinus infection.
"We were pretty happy with that. They're a good team, and we knew we had to bring our 'A' game. We did that pretty much from start to finish. We know when we get the momentum right from the start and the crowd gets into it, we feed off of that too. It gets us going right away. [We have to] make sure we carry that into [the game against Dallas]. We're capable of it. We just have to prove it."
Wild forward Charlie Coyle on a 5-2 win Friday against Vegas
Stars projected lineup
Jamie Benn-Tyler Seguin-Alexander Radulov
Mattias Janmark-Jason Spezza-Devin Shore
Antoine Roussel-Radek Faksa-Tyler Pitlick
Remi Elie-Jason Dickinson-Brett Ritchie
Esa Lindell-John Klingberg
Dan Hamhuis-Greg Pateryn
Stephen Johns-Julius Honka
Kari Lehtonen
Landon Bow
Scratched: Dillon Heatherington, Gemel Smith
Injured: Marc Methot, Martin Hanzal, Ben Bishop.
By Scott T. Sterling
U2 have revealed a heart-wrenching new short film to coincide with the band's latest single, “You're the Best Thing About Me.”
Related: U2 Send Love Letter to NYC in ‘You're the Best Thing About Me' Video
The documentary about love and separation features a newlywed military couple, high school sweethearts, a Syrian refugee family in Greece and a young couple from Mexico City. The film follows each couple for the final 24 hours they are together before one partner has to leave.
“It's a love song,” explained director Tatia Pilieva of the film. “What's interesting is not the bringing people together; it's the separation.”
Pilieva first came to prominence for her 2014 film First Kiss, where she invited 20 strangers to kiss for the first time on camera. After generating millions of views, it went on to win a Gold Lion at Cannes.
“The key for me is that when these people are saying goodbye, they are still very much in love,” she said of her U2 film. “I didn't want to film a bunch of breakups. I didn't want to put that into the world. I wanted to put out something positive. Yes, it's positively heartbreaking, but there's love all over it.”
Lompoc police arrested a third suspect on Tuesday in a December shooting that resulted in the lengthy hospitalization of a teen victim.
The 15-year-old male victim was shot Dec. 11, 2012, in an alley on the 400 block of North L and M streets, and detectives have been investigating the case since.
Authorities believe the shooting was gang-related and two men — Alejandro Bermudez, 20, and Jaime Cervantes, 22, both of Lompoc, were arrested in April by detectives.
Both men were charged with attempted murder, criminal conspiracy and participation in a criminal street gang.
On Tuesday, Lompoc police arrested 20-year-old Joseph Perez, also of Lompoc, on charges of attempted murder, aggravated mayhem and a gang enhancement in connection to this case. Perez was already in custody at the Santa Barbara County Jail on unrelated charges. He was also charged with being a felon in possession of a firearm and personal use of a firearm as an enhancement, police said.
— Noozhawk staff writer Giana Magnoli can be reached at .(JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address) . Follow Noozhawk on Twitter: @noozhawk, @NoozhawkNews and @NoozhawkBiz. Connect with Noozhawk on Facebook.
The Labour Party say they won't try to gain a seat on Desborough Town Council because they don't want to be associated with the current administration.
UKIP's Kevin Sills resigned after facing heavy criticism on social media meaning, if enough people requested one, there would be a by-election.
But Labour, who have contested every by-election in Desborough for more than 40 years, decided not to call for one.
They say that, on this occasion, they have no desire to be part of, or associated with, the current administration which received an overwhelming vote of no confidence in a recent parish poll.
Mike Payne, chairman of Desborough Labour Party, said: “Labour has a proud record in Desborough and in two years' time we hope to gain support from local people to form a new and effective Desborough Town Council.”
The party say they are currently focused on the Northants County Council elections to be held on May 4 and on winning the Desborough division for Labour.
They added that they are planning to vigorously contest the Desborough Town Council elections in 2019.
Beebeecraft offers a large selection of high quality jewelry findings online. The company is based in the US and supplies tools, crafts, string materials and beads and findings for jewelry making from popular brands such as Beadthoven, PandaHall Elite, Sunnyclue and Benecreat. Each piece is carefully selected to provide customers with only the best jewelry making findings.
It's impossible to make a beautiful piece of jewelry without the right jewelry findings. Catches and clasps allow people to wear and remove their jewelry without damaging the item or hurting themselves. Without catches and clasps, people would not be able to wear delicate chain jewelry as it would not fit over their head or hand. Beebeecraft's selection of high quality jewelry findings ensures that jewelry makers will find what they need to create a lovely piece of jewelry.
Jewelry findings ensure that earrings, bracelets and other jewelry pieces are hygienic and comfortable to wear. For instance, jump rings can be used to attach a pendant to a bracelet or necklace. Other jewelry findings such as brooch pins and badge pins are important as well. Various kinds of settings on which gems or pictures may be set are also another kind of jewelry finding. Aside from improving the finished jewelry's aesthetic appeal, the type of setting also plays a practical role. Beebeecraft offers wires on which to thread beads. The wires are strong and pliable, so it is easy to manipulate. Beebeecraft has wires that are made of silver, nickel and gold and can be adorned with charms or beads to make stylish jewelry pieces. They also have crimp beads in different colors.
Findings are an important part of the jewelry making process. Without these items, a piece of jewelry would look unrecognizable. Findings can be functional or used for decorative purposes. Beebeecraft's jewelry findings are available in a wide range of designs, style, sizes and colors. Even amateur jewelry makers will be able to find what they need and create their masterpiece. Beebeecraft updates its selection of beads findings jewelry making, so interested individuals will definitely find what they need. Whether it is a bead spacer, clasp or pin, Beebeecraft definitely offers something for everyone. Beebeecraft keeps the prices of its jewelry findings affordable, so jewelry makers don't need to worry about breaking the bank. The product will be delivered to their doorstep.
For more information, feel free to visit https://www.beebeecraft.com/c1-jewelry-findings-2-1.html or call +1-800-805-6958.
Media Contact:
Company: Wuhan Senxin Science and Technology Ltd
Contact: Beebeecraft
Address: Room 911, Huiyuan block A, WH University Knowledge Park No.1 road, Jiangxia, Wuhan, Hubei Province, China
Tele: +1-800-805-6958
E-mail: service@beebeecraft.com
Website: https://www.beebeecraft.com/
Index Markets Research provides statistical analysis on Global Trimethylacetic Acid (CAS 75-98-9) Market provides a basic overview of the industry including its definition, applications and manufacturing technology. The report covers business strategists like major drivers, dynamics, share, segmentation, revenue forecasts, effective growth for the key players and facilitate better decision-making. The report offers the estimations of size of the market and analysis of the trend based on the pipeline of the Trimethylacetic Acid (CAS 75-98-9) market. The Key Players mentioned in the report are Alkali Metals, BG Chemicals, Kedia Organic Chemcials, Morre-Tec Industries, Parish Chemical, Vav Life Sciences, Vav Life Sciences, Corbion, Justdial, Dalian Best Chemical, Anhui Xingyu, Hebei Fude Chemical, Shanghai Trustin Chemical. This report provides a competitive scenario, with a purpose of enlightening new entrants about the possibilities in this Trimethylacetic Acid (CAS 75-98-9) Market.
Get a Sample Copy @ https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-trimethylacetic-acid-cas-75-98-9-market/10345/#requestforsample
The report offers a crucial opinion relating to the global Trimethylacetic Acid (CAS 75-98-9) market by discussing of its segmentation Commercial, Government, Personal. The sectors have been reviewed in terms of present as well as future trends. The analysis of geographical segmentation incorporates the estimated and present requirements from these regions. The study also offers the need associated to the different end-use sectors and separate goods in all of the geographical sectors of the market. The report also analyses the Trimethylacetic Acid (CAS 75-98-9) market in terms of volume [k MT] and revenue [Million USD].
The Trimethylacetic Acid (CAS 75-98-9) Market report gives detailed overview of terms and terminologies, applications, and classifications that are used in the context of market. It provides insights into the manufacturing cost structure and calculated as an aggregate of raw material costs, equipment costs, labor costs, and other costs. In terms of a technical consideration, the report discusses the production capacity of major manufacturers of Trimethylacetic Acid (CAS 75-98-9). This is estimated on circumstances such as the number of production plants, R&D status, raw material sources, and technology used by these manufacturers in 2018.
This report is segmented into several key Regions such as North America, China, Europe, Southeast Asia, Japan & India, with production, consumption, revenue (million USD), and market share and growth rate of Trimethylacetic Acid (CAS 75-98-9) in these regions, from 2012 to 2022 (forecast).
On the basis of Product Type, this report displays the production, revenue, price, market share and growth rate of each type, primarily split into : Cosmetic Grade, Industrial Grade, Pharmaceutical Grade.
On the basis on the end users/applications, Market report focuses on the status and outlook for major applications/end users, sales volume, market share and growth rate for each application, including : Agricultural Agent, Dyestuff, Medicine, Cosmetics, Others.
Key Highlights Of The Trimethylacetic Acid (CAS 75-98-9) Market Report:
1) A complete framework analysis, including an assessment of the parent market.
2) The study of emerging market segments and the existing market segments will help the readers in planning the business strategies.
3) Market Dynamics(Industry News, Development Challenges & Opportunities).
4) A Clear understanding of the market supported growth, constraints, opportunities, practicableness study.
5) Historical, present, and prospective size of the market from the perspective of both value and volume.
6) Market shares and strategies of leading players.
7) Recommendations to companies to substantiate their foothold in the market.
Inquiry for Buying Report @ https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-trimethylacetic-acid-cas-75-98-9-market/10345/#inquiry
In the end, the report includes Trimethylacetic Acid (CAS 75-98-9) new project SWOT analysis, investment practicalness analysis, investment come analysis, and Development Trend Analysis. The key rising opportunities of the fastest growing international Trimethylacetic Acid (CAS 75-98-9) market segments are coated throughout this report. This report additionally presents product specification, producing method, and products cost structure. Production is separated by regions, technology and applications. The Trimethylacetic Acid (CAS 75-98-9) industry data source, appendix, research findings and the conclusion.
About Us
Index Markets Research conduct market research and publish reports. You can find more than 35,000 research reports in our web store, which covers global industry and the regional markets. All the worldwide marketing data you need is at your fingertips.
Contact Us
Mark Irwin
Sales Manager
Email Id : sales@indexmarketsresearch.com
Phone: +1 202 888 3519
Web: https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/
The programme showed the fallout after the latest dramatic recoupling.
Love Island suffered a drop of nearly one million viewers after Tuesday night's episode was delayed due to the World Cup game between England and Colombia.
The ITV2 dating programme, which usually airs at 9pm every night, was broadcast in the later slot of 10pm due to the football match going into extra time on ITV.
Love Island had first been billed to air at 9.30pm on Tuesday, but was pushed back by a further 30 minutes so it would not clash with the sporting event on the other channel.
And you thought the wait for Jack and Dani's reunion was long! We'll now be on after the football at 10pm on @itv2. ⚽📺 #LoveIsland — Love Island (@LoveIsland) July 3, 2018
The episode drew an average of 2.5 million viewers with an audience share of 13.2%, according to overnight ratings.
It peaked at 3.1 million viewers.
The previous night's episode of Love Island became ITV2's most-watched programme ever, pulling in an average of 3.4 million viewers in the overnight ratings, which take into account those watching on catch-up channel ITV2+1.
Shortly after 9pm, the official Love Island Twitter account told fans the programme had been pushed back into a later slot.
The announcement made a reference to contestants Jack Fincham and Dani Dyer's reunion in the previous edition of the programme, after they were separated in different villas.
The tweet read: “And you thought the wait for Jack and Dani's reunion was long!
“We'll now be on after football at 22.00pm on ITV2.”
Many of the show's viewers took to social media to voice their disappointment.
One reacted: “No! Too late for early morning workers! Anyone interested in Love Island wont be watching football.”
Another complained that the show's fans in the rest of the UK had not been considered.
They wrote: “Very discriminatory towards us Scottish, Welsh and Irish viewers.”
The episode saw Jack and Dani declare their love for each other, while Dani went for a chat with her boyfriend's former flame, Ellie Jones.
Georgia Steel also told her former partner, Josh Denzel, that she does not believe he is happy with his new girl, Kazimir Crossley, in a tense conversation following their reunion.
© Press Association 2018
Bothell, United States – 28 November 2017 – Budget Blinds Serving Bothell is the right company to hire in case there's the need of high quality shades and blinds, shutters and shades, drapes and lots of other things to cover your home windows, if you live in Bothell, Washington. These experienced professionals provide a great diversity of options, while choosing together with their clients the most appropriate option in order to attain the desired results.
It's obvious that when it comes to our homes we try to provide them with everything, which is intended to make our abodes more comfortable, beautiful and secure. There're many different options to do this, while there're lots of aspects that should be taken into account to create a healthy environment in our homes. In such a way, being serious about reliable heating system, powerful home appliances, wonderful interiors, cozy furniture and a plethora of other things, designed to make our homes as smart as comfy, all the modern homeowners strive to improve their home, keeping up with the times. And certainly one of these important things, which are essential for any modern home are window blinds and shades, which provide us with the needed protection from the sunlight as well as people's eyes.
Just like any customized service, installation of roller blinds, roller shades or window drapes requires professional skills and knowledge. Besides aesthetic and functional part of any sort of shades and blinds for windows, there's always a technical part, which implies a competent approach on the part of technician, who knows what he can offer to his customers to deliver a durable construction as well as budget window blinds.
The professional team of Budget Blinds Serving Bothell perfectly comprehends what they can offer to every of their clients, while considering the specifics of their windows along with their homes. The most important reasons you can opt for Budget Blinds Serving Bothell are that they make their job fast and qualitative, while making for you the low cost blinds, and so, allowing you to save your money.
About Budget Blinds Serving Bothell:
Budget Blinds, operating in Bothell and surrounding area, is a reputable company, which offers high quality custom window covering services, while providing their clients with the great variety in styles of blinds, shades, shutters, draperies, and thus, allowing them choosing the most appropriate option, corresponding to their needs and expectations. Budget Blinds delivers just the best value for money, proposing the diverse solution of cheap blinds for windows for customers with restrained budget.
Contact:
Company Name: Budget Blinds Serving Bothell
Address: 22833 Bothell Everett Hwy, Ste 102, Bothell, WA 98021
Phone: (425) 409-2154
Review URL: https://www.yelp.com/biz/budget-blinds-serving-bothell-bothell?osq=Budget+Blinds
Website: http://www.budgetblinds.com/Bothell
ALBUQUERQUE, N.M. (AP) " Typewriter enthusiasts gather at an Albuquerque restaurant to experiment with vintage Smith Coronas. Fans in Boston kneel in a city square and type stories about their lives during a pro-immigration demonstration. A new documentary on typewriters featuring Tom Hanks and musician John Mayer is set for release this summer.
In the age of smartphones, social media and cyber hacking fears, vintage typewriters that once gathered dust in attics and basements are attracting a new generation of fans across the U.S.
From public "type-ins" at bars to street poets selling personalized, typewritten poems on the spot, typewriters have emerged as popular items with aficionados hunting for them in thrift stores, online auction sites and antique shops. Some buys antique Underwoods to add to a growing collection. Others search for a midcentury Royal Quiet De Luxe " like a model author Ernest Hemingway used " to work on that simmering novel.
The rescued machines often need servicing, and fans are forced to seek out the few remaining typewriter repair shops.
Advertisement
"I haven't seen business like this in years," said John Lewis, a typewriter repairman who has operated out of his Albuquerque shop for four decades. "There's definitely a new interest, and it's keeping me very busy."
Renewed interest began around 10 years ago when small pockets of typewriter enthusiasts came together online, said Richard Polt, a Xavier University philosophy professor and author of "The Typewriter Revolution: A Typist's Companion for the 21st Century." Since then, the base of fans has dramatically grown, and various public events have been organized around the typewriter.
"It's beyond the phase where this is just a fad," Polt said.
It's almost impossible to gauge recent typewriter sales. Almost all of the original manufacturers are out of business or have been bought out and become different companies. The Moonachie, New Jersey-based Swintec appears to be one of the world's last typewriter makers, selling translucent electronic machines largely to jails and prisons.
But operators of thrift stores and estate sales say typewriters are some of the quickest items to go.
"That's part of the fun: the hunt," said Joe Van Cleave, an Albuquerque resident who owns more than a dozen typewriters and runs a popular YouTube channel on restoring the machines. "Sometimes, like a little luck, you might find something from the 1920s in great condition."
Doug Nichol, director of the upcoming documentary California Typewriter, said the interest stems from "digital burnout" and people wanting a connection to the past. That interest seems to transcend age, he said.
"Kids who grew up knowing only mobile phones and the computer are excited to see a letter typed with your own hand," said Nichol, who owns 85 typewriters. "It's a one-on-one interaction that doesn't get interrupted by Twitter alerts."
In his film, set for release in August, Nichol interviews Hanks, who said he uses a typewriter almost every day to send memos and letters.
"I hate getting email thank-yous from folks," Hanks says in the film. "Now, if they take 70 seconds to type me out something on a piece of paper and send to me, well, I'll keep that forever. I'll just delete that email."
Hank owns about 270 typewriters but often gives them away to people who show an interest. "No one is ever going to make the great typewriter ever, ever, ever again," he said.
One way the typewriter craze is growing is through organized "type-ins" " meet-ups in public places where typewriter fans try different vintage machines. Such events have been held in Phoenix, Philadelphia, Seattle, Los Angeles and Cincinnati.
During a recent type-in at Albuquerque soul food restaurant Nexus Brewery, around three dozen fans took turns clicking the keys of an Italian-made 1964 Olivetti Lettera 32 and a 1947 Royal KMM, among others.
Rich Boucher, a slam poet, spent most of his time on a 1960s-era Hermes 3000 crafting poetry and pausing while trying to figure out when to return the carriage for a next line.
"I haven't used a typewriter in forever," Boucher said. "This is a real refreshing way to spend a summer afternoon."
After finishing his work, Boucher grabbed his phone and sent a Facebook status update about the experience. He then started looking online for a Hermes 3000.
"That's the typewriter I want," he said. "I'm going to find one."
___
Follow Russell Contreras on Twitter at http://twitter.com/russcontreras
Manchester United manager Jose Mourinho points at the club badge as he leaves the pitch after his side's English Premier League win over Chelsea at Old Trafford in Manchester, northwest England, on April 16, 2017. Oli SCARFF/AFP
As Manchester United manager Jose Mourinho sauntered down the Old Trafford touchline ostentatiously pointing at the club crest on his gilet, the message was clear: I'm still the man.
Mourinho has had a challenging first season at the United helm, with nine home draws in the league summing up his difficulties, but Sunday's 2-0 win over leader Chelsea was a tactical masterclass, AFP reported.
In fielding an unorthodox 3-5-2 system and charging two players with man-marking jobs, Mourinho showed his famed tactical acumen has not deserted him – and blew the Premier League title race wide open.
"United produced a brilliant attacking display as well as a convincing defensive one that was tactically aware of the different threats Chelsea posed," said former Tottenham Hotspur midfielder Jermaine Jenas, now a BBC pundit.
"Mourinho has masterminded plenty of wins in big games down the years, but he usually does it with a defensive approach and by setting up with a team that, first and foremost, is very difficult to break down.
"On Sunday, he flipped that model on its head. United played with two up front and with wing-backs who were high up the pitch. They were on the front foot and went at Chelsea from the start."
The belligerent Ander Herrera was the emblem of United's victory, marking Chelsea's key man Eden Hazard out of the game and claiming a goal and an assist at the other end.
On the other flank, Matteo Darmian successfully stymied Pedro, leaving Chelsea striker Diego Costa with not even scraps to feed on.
Marcus Rashford, meanwhile, seized a rare chance to shine at center-forward by netting United's seventh-minute opener and tormenting Chelsea's back three with his penetrative running.
Mourinho explained how he had shut Chelsea down with relish and claimed his side would not have lost at Stamford Bridge in the FA Cup last month had Herrera's dismissal there not disrupted his plans.
Not a template
"I was convinced even before the cup (game) that controlling the two players that play behind Diego (Costa) and controlling the fullbacks would create lots of problems and I repeat the same," Mourinho said.
"They are phenomenal in counterattack. When they had the ball, we were compact and when they tried to play counterattack, we were always in control of these two link positions."
Rashford's display suggested he deserves to be given more chances through the center, where United's top scorer Zlatan Ibrahimovic – rested on Sunday – has started almost every game this season.
"I think (Mourinho) has learnt something," former Liverpool captain Graeme Souness said on Sky Sports.
"Rashford has made it difficult for him to leave him out."
As well as restricting Chelsea's lead over Tottenham to four points, United's win took it to within four points of the Champions League places with a game in hand on fourth-place Manchester City.
It was only United's second win this season over one of the other teams in the top six, following November's 1-0 success against an off-color spur.
But as the fruit of a carefully customized game plan designed to nullify the specific threats of a particular opponent, it did not represent a blueprint for future success.
"(Mourinho) got his tactics spot on and enjoyed a bit of luck, but I don't see that as a template," Souness said.
"Man United have to dominate the ball here. They have to be on the front foot and get everyone in the stadium on the edge of their seat, like they have done for the best part of 20 years.
"I don't think they could go and play like that every week against lesser teams who will sit in and not try and open up against them."
For now, at least, Mourinho has got his mojo back.
Vaimoana Tapaleao is the New Zealand Herald's Pacific Affairs and People reporter.
Video will play in Play now Don't auto play
Never auto play
Ted Gordon was heading to Gore when he got a phone call to say the man who raped and killed his daughter 23 years ago had died in a crash.
"This is the best Christmas present I could ever have," the 70-year-old told the Herald.
"I never want anyone to die, but ... it was a very vicious murder."
Jason Dwayne Lilly was convicted of raping and killing Gordon's 23-year-old daughter, Linda, in December 1993.
Last week the 46-year-old was killed when his motorcycle collided with two cars on State Highway 1 near Pukerau.
Gordon said hearing of Lilly's death was as if a heavy weight had finally been lifted off of him after all these years.
Lilly's own daughter, Samantha Sloane, said despite losing her father, she understood what this meant for the Gordon family.
"As hard as it is for me, that was one of my very first thoughts and one of the first things I said to my mother: 'I actually feel a sense of relief for the family, because I know they'll be relieved'."
The 26-year-old was three years old when her father committed the crime that would take away another little girl's mother, something she felt particularly guilty about, she said.
"I told my Dad that what he'd done is absolutely disgusting and it's unforgivable. My heart's always broke for [Linda's] daughter because I got my Dad still and she didn't know what happened to her mother and that's really sad.
"I want to thank them because they were so good to my mother back then. Even though I didn't do anything wrong, I am really sorry for their loss and I actually do feel a sense of relief for them because I know if that were me, I would feel the same.
Continued below.
Related Content Video Watch: Murdered woman's father speaks out after killer dies in road crash Watch NZH Local Focus: How to make a cricket bat Cartoon: Govt: Housing enquiry? Ask council
"I want to let them know that he did hate himself for what he'd done and he'd changed a lot."
Lilly was sentenced to life imprisonment with 15 years' minimum non-parole and released from and recalled to prison twice before being released for a third time in November 2015.
He is one of 19 people who have died on New Zealand's roads during the holiday road toll, which finishes at 6am tomorrow.
It is the highest toll since the 2011/2012 period when 19 people also died.
At the time of her death, Linda Gordon had a 2-year-old daughter, Laura. Gordon and his wife raised Laura, who now has two children of her own.
Gordon phoned his granddaughter about the news shortly after receiving the call.
"She's always been terrified he's going to turn up on her doorstep. And I must admit, I was sort of thinking one day he'd turn up on ours.
"It all comes back to you all the time. I must admit, it's the biggest relief I've ever had.
"Christmas has always been thinking of Linda because it was Christmas Eve day before we could get her back for her funeral."
Linda Gordon's death had taken a huge toll on his wife, who died of cancer several years ago.
"She tried to put the whole thing out of her mind. She wouldn't discuss it, wouldn't talk about it and refused to accept the fact that Linda had actually got killed."
Gordon said he did feel for Lilly's mother.
"It's got nothing to do with her. We've got nothing against her."
Lilly had been living in Christchurch at the time of his death and had a girlfriend. He had reunited with his siblings about two years ago.
Family had posted on social media before his death about how they were happy to be reunited with him.
Gordon said he often thought of families who went through what his family had gone through over the years whenever similar crimes happened.
He would be visiting his daughter's grave again very soon, he said.
"I have photographs of her on the wall right in front of me and now justice has been done. I'm sure she's smiling back."
- NZ Herald
On 3 News at 7 - thousands of passengers are set to be disrupted as Ryanair cancels more flights
Priyanka Chopra's mother, Madhu Chopra responded to the notice for illegal construction that was issued to the actor by the Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation (BMC), saying they are cooperating with the officials, the spokesperson said.
Her statement comes a day after the BMC pulled up the “Quantico” actor for allegedly carrying out illegal constructions at her spa and salon in suburban Oshiwara.
“We have received the notice from the BMC. We are coordinating with the officials and have already taken the required appropriate measures,” a spokesperson for Chopra said in a statement.
On Tuesday, a civic official said the BMC had received complaints of alleged irregularities in construction of Charishma Beauty Spa and Salon, owned by the actor.
If Chopra fails to comply with the notice, the BMC will demolish the illegal alterations, he said.
By Chimaobi Nwaiwu & Nwabueze Okonkwo
Nnewi—Ozubulu youths under the aegis of Ozubulu Youths Association, OYA, yesterday, protested the reopening of St Philip's Catholic Church, Amakwa Ozubulu, Anambra State barely a week after gunmen attacked worshippers, alleging what it called attack on their people without provocation and police inability to bring the perpetrators to book.
This is even as a human rights group, International Society for Civil Liberties and the Rule of Law, Intersociety, yesterday, said it has investigated last Sunday's killing of a policeman and a motorcyclist at Oguta Road in Onitsha, near the Assemblies of God Church and discovered that the attack was not targeted at the church worshippers.
The youths, who marched from Ozubulu motor park opposite Ekwusigo Local Government headquarters in Ozubulu, to Ozubulu Police station, and to the palace of the traditional ruler of the community, Obi Fidelis Nnamdi Oruche said they have had enough of attacks on innocent people of the community.
Addressing newsmen shortly after the peaceful protest, President of OYA, Mr Emeka Anakwe, a Port Harcourt-based Clearing and Forwarding Agent, said it was worrisome that a church, where over 13 people were killed by gun-men, would be reopened for service one week after the attack, when investigation into the matter has not been concluded, contrary to the earlier promise by the Nnewi Diocese. .
Anakwe who condemned the attack on the innocent worshippers, said “the youths of Ozubulu are concerned about the attack because the entire people of Ozubulu are now living in fear. We cannot sleep comfortably any more because of fear of recurrence.
“We have in the past, seen a situation where a security man was caught with fresh human head and was arrested but when we did not see him being prosecuted, we started asking questions, but we were told that the matter is in the court.
“We are not happy that when incidents like this happen, it is swept under the carpet. We are peaceful people, we are not into crime. In the past, people from Nnewi, Nnobi, Oraifite and other neighbouring towns came here to drink and relax because of the peaceful atmosphere. Our town has always played host to people from other communities in the state because of its peaceful nature, but today that situation is being eroded with these nasty stories of killings here.
“Some of these things are happening because the elders of this town have neglected the youths for so long, and we will no longer accept such disposition from the elders of the community as we are prepared to play active role in the issues that affect the community and our people. We must take our destiny in our hands.
Worshippers not target of Onitsha killings
—Rights group
Intersociety insisted yesterday that the shooting leading to the death of a policeman and an Okada rider along the Oguta Road and its adjoining Tasia Road in Onitsha, on Sunday had nothing to do with the Assemblies of God Church, as was the case with St. Philip's Catholic Church.
In a statement issued by its leader, Comrade Emeka Umeagbalasi, Intersociety noted that the Sunday killings were carried out by a three-man armed gang operating on a high speed motorcycle.
The statement added that the armed gang had accosted and opened fire on an armed policeman stationed in front of the gate of the Assemblies of God Church, located on Oguta Road, killing him instantly after snatching his rifle.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Aston Villa FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Aston Villa's historic youth team of 2002 emphatically defeated Wayne Rooney's Everton over two legs to claim the FA Youth Cup.
Several of that team went on to play for Villa's first team, but none managed to become permanent claret and blue stars.
From a taxi boss to a Royal Marine, this team have gone in a variety of directions.
Wayne Henderson
The Irish goalkeeper retired from football in 2011 due to a spinal injury and now works as an agent. He is the husband of 2010 Apprentice contestant Liz Locke.
Andrew Wells
We couldn't track down the Andrew Wells who played at right-back for Villa's youth team, but there is someone who goes by that name in the hit TV series Buffy the Vampire Slayer…
Peter Whittingham
Set-piece expert Whittingham has enjoyed a very good career since leaving Villa, namely with Cardiff City, where he has a long stint, and then Blackburn Rovers.
James O'Connor
The defender has played for a long list of clubs. His longest spell was at Doncaster Rovers. He has also turned out for Port Vale, Bournemouth, Derby, Bristol City, Walsall and Kidderminster Harriers.
Liam Ridgewell
Ridgewell met President Barack Obama after leading Portland Timbers to the 2015 MLS title. After leaving Villa he played for local rivals Birmingham City and West Bromwich Albion.
Steven Foley-Sheridan
The Irishman's career never really got going. He made a handful of appearances for Bournemouth before retiring in 2008.
Peter Hynes
Another Irishman, he made a career in his homeland. Hynes spent time with Derry City, Limerick, Drogheda United and Longford Town, whom he left in 2014.
Steven Davis
Arguably the most successful of any of Villa's youngsters from the class of 2002, the Northern Ireland international midfielder became a Premier League stalwart with Southampton after moving to Fulham for first team football.
Colin Marshall
The midfielder was something of a journeyman in his native Scotland before living the dream playing for Amicale in Vanuatu, a Pacific Island nation located in the South Pacific Ocean.
Luke Moore
One half of Villa's once-prodigious sibling strikeforce, Luke plied his trade in the Premier League for a number of years with Villa, West Brom and Swansea.
Following a brief spell in Turkey, Luke landed in MLS with Chivas before heading to Canada with Toronto.
Stefan Moore
After leaving Villa, the striker had spells with Queens Park Rangers and Walsall before playing non league football with clubs including Kidderminster Harriers, Brackley Town, Corby Town and Leamington.
Moore hasn't been involved in the full time game since 2008.
He has worked in various industries and even created his own taxi firm and worked as a driver before selling it.
Read the report
Subs
Ryan Amoo
Amoo played for Northampton Town and Lincoln City and then started working alongside Villa legend Lee Hendrie coaching youngsters between the ages of 16 and 19.
Michael Husbands
The midfielder dropped out of the professional game in 2008 before signing for local non-league side Redditch United in 2012.
Husbands accepted a call-up to the St Lucia national team in 2012 and joined the Royal Marines.
He has spent time coaching the West Brom fans team, Boing FC.
SAVANNAH, Ga. (AP) — Every few years, my cousin Molly Carpenter and I plan a trip together to somewhere we've never been. Our priorities: sightseeing, shopping, good food and wine. This year, Savannah checked all those boxes for us.
Savannah is on Georgia's Atlantic coast, just south of the South Carolina state line. Hilton Head, South Carolina, is less than an hour away, and Tybee Island, Georgia, is a half-hour drive.
Molly and I were focused on Savannah's historic district, though, and we needed to have a conversation about our feet. The district is only 2 square miles (5 square km), but hours of walking would surely take a toll on our north-of-age-60 legs. Could we get by without renting a car?
As it turned out, a car would have been superfluous. We discovered the free shuttle called "the dot," which makes 12 stops on its purple line around the historic district, 9 a.m. to 7 p.m. A shuttle stop was just a few blocks from our rented two-bedroom cottage on the eastern edge of the historic district. After hours, an Uber was minutes away. In fact, after spending more than $30 (with tip) on a taxi ride from the airport, we took an Uber back for less than $18.
Advertisement
Our first full day in Savannah, we got our bearings with the Famous & Secret East Side Food Tour, a three-hour walking tour that combined history lessons with stops for a tasty bite at six off-the-beaten-path restaurants. Highlights included pulled pork at Wall's BBQ, blueberry sausage at Smith Brothers Butcher Shop and pimento cheese croissants at Our Daily Bread Cafe.
Unlike some Southern cities ravaged by the Civil War, Savannah retains abundant antebellum charm. Historical sites are numerous, including Fort Jackson, the oldest standing brick fortification in Georgia. Savannah's Green-Meldrim House, a National Historic Landmark, was used by Gen. William Tecumseh Sherman as the Union Army's headquarters in December 1864, when Sherman famously sent President Abraham Lincoln a telegram offering up the city as a Christmas gift.
In the historic district, 22 squares offer monuments to famous locals. It was actually quite pleasant walking through the shady squares every few blocks. We could take a break and sit on a bench by a fountain beneath the live oak trees dripping with Spanish moss.
The Savannah College of Art and Design's influence can be felt beyond the campus, from the SCAD Museum of Art and the ShopSCAD store to the whimsical murals of former student Allyson Burke at the Mellow Mushroom pizza restaurant.
We didn't partake in a tour inspired by the 1994 best-seller "Midnight in the Garden of Good and Evil." But the book by John Berendt, about a local murder, and the movie that followed, helped put Savannah on the tourism map and has drawn untold numbers of visitors for more than two decades.
The Savannah River borders the north side of the historic district, dividing Georgia from South Carolina. Riverboats cruise up and down the river, past Old Fort Jackson, where cannon fire greets cruisers, and the Port of Savannah, a major U.S. seaport. One of the best views of the river is from the restaurant Rocks on the Roof, atop the Bohemian Hotel. Another is from the Top Deck bar on the roof of the Cotton Sail hotel.
Savannah's seafood is fresh and delicious. We dined on she-crab soup, shrimp and grits, huge sea scallops. We had lunch at The Olde Pink House, an institution in an 18th-century mansion. We also were impressed by Cha Bella, a farm-to-table restaurant on the northeastern fringe of the historic district.
We found some shopping gems, too. The Village Craftsmen, a co-op of local artisans, is on the west end of River Street, away from the kitschy tourist shops. City Market comprises four blocks of former warehouses with galleries, shopping and al fresco dining. And we were crazy for the Liquid Sands Glass Gallery, which custom-made a pair of earrings for Molly.
I tormented my husband daily by texting photos of the fabulous food we ate. Next time, I might have to take him with me.
___
If You Go...
VISIT SAVANNAH: Tourism information, https://www.visitsavannah.com/
FAMOUS & SECRET EAST SIDE FOOD TOUR: $57, https://savannahtasteexperience.com/famous-secret-east-side-food-tour/
VILLAGE CRAFTSMEN: http://www.villagecraftsmensavannah.com/
SCAD MUSEUM OF ART: https://www.scadmoa.org/
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Train commuters face delays this morning after a key line was closed.
All services between Lichfield Trent Valley and Birmingham New Street have been cancelled until further notice after the overhead lines were damaged at Sutton Coldfield.
The damage appeared on Sunday and despite work going on through the night, the line remains closed and there is no indication when the line will reopen.
Passengers are being shuttled on to buses.
Ticket acceptance has been arranged on the following National Express West Midlands bus routes:
Cross City North bus route numbers: 14, 65, 67, X3, X4, X5 & X14.Road transport has also been arranged to run between Sutton Coldfield and Lichfield Trent Valley, this is being operated by Amans Travel, Aston Manor, Emminence Coaches and Mighty Travels.
Also, due to problems with overhead wires between Perry Barr and Walsall, services will be subject to alterations, cancellations and delays. Customers should use National Express West Midlands bus routes 4, 4H, 4M, 7, 11A/C, 16, 45, 51, X51, 301 & 302.
The Community Redevelopment Agency (CRA) Board held a two-hour workshop on Thursday, April 13, at Apopka City Hall to review a preliminary draft of the city's revised downtown redevelopment plan.
After including comments and revisions from the board and the public into the document, the City Council would eventually adopt the finalized plan at a tentative May date.
The redevelopment plan includes programs for residential, commercial and other properties located in the CRA District including Station Street, Sixth Street and the Fifth Street parking lot. The draft also outlines streetscape plans on some of the major roadways such as Michael Gladden Boulevard.
The CRA is comprised of the City Council, an Orange County Board of County Commissioners representative and other individuals appointed by the local government. The agency oversees the activities and programs given within the CRA District.
The Apopka CRA adopted its first redevelopment plan in June 1993. Under state law, local governments can identify CRA Districts if that region has needs such as more affordable housing, improved infrastructure and buildings, and increased roadways and parking space.
The city tried to update the redevelopment plan in 2006, but City Council didn't adopt the changes. Therefore the document has retained its original version for nearly 25 years.
During the workshop's first hour, city attorney Cliff Shepard gave the CRA Board a procedural review on redevelopment including benefits of it and what state statute says about it.
John Jones, project manager with S&ME, Inc. (LittleJohn), presented the preliminary draft of the updated community redevelopment plan. He covered the CRA's existing conditions, market observation, recommendations, the conceptual master plan for the CRA district, and more.
Over a dozen downtown businesses and the city of Apopka co-own the Fifth Street parking lot. The city cannot move forward with the parking lot's renovation unless the city fully owns the property.
“We never did finish off that parking lot on Fifth Street, but it is an integral part of our downtown,” said City Community Development Director Jim Hitt. “… That is actually very close to what's considered a form-based code, where you bring the commercial buildings up to the front and the parking behind. That's exactly what we have, but unless the CRA actually owns it, we cannot invest into that.”
Hitt said the document gives the city plenty of flexibility, and that if a project is not outlined in the plan, the city can't do it.
“This plan is simple, but it's detailed enough, and it's a fairly easy read in terms of what we can do in guidance for the next few years,” Hitt said about the current preliminary plan. “Whether we update it after five years, we may. We may even have to do it in three to four years depending on what we accomplish in the next few years.”
FOWLERVILLE, Mich. (AP) — A Michigan police officer has been charged after his personal gun accidentally fired into the floor of a high school gymnasium as he watched a wrestling tournament in which his son was a competitor.
WHMI-FM reports that 40-year-old Mark Boudreau is charged with misdemeanor careless discharge of a firearm.
The shot was fired May 5 at Fowlerville High School, about 65 miles (105 kilometers) northwest of Detroit.
Boudreau, of the Flint Police Department, will be arraigned June 7.
Advertisement
Defense attorney Frank Manley on Wednesday called the shooting "unfortunate," and Boudreau "an outstanding veteran command officer."
The Flint Journal reports that Flint police said in a statement the department "cannot comment on any potential criminal allegations until" it receives "all of the facts at the conclusion of the proceedings."
Noisy indie popsters Century City are headlining The Lamplighter in Northampton on December 15.
Century City released their debut EP One earlier this year. It featured the tracks Cherry Red, The Others and Project X.
The band comprise singer and guitarist Nikolas Gray, drummer Tommy Francis, bassist Dan Battison and guitarist Oli Knight. Century City are currently recording their second EP.
Support is by Manchester's Puppet Rebellion and Pieces (ex Army Of Lights). Puppet Rebellion features former Northampton native Craig Gibson. The band released their debut album Chemical Friends last month. Chemical Friends features the recent single Slave and follows two EPs and a series of singles. All three will be joined by the Glam Racket DJs. Music from 8pm. Admission is free.
fb.com/centurycityband
Monday's WWE RAW, featuring a big 10-woman main event, drew 3.104 million viewers. This is down 14% from last week's 3.622 million viewers for the 2018 Superstar Shakeup episode. This week's show featured an appearance by WWE Universal Champion Brock Lesnar and the final hype for Friday's Greatest Royal Rumble event.
For this week's show, the first hour drew 3.283 million viewers (last week's hour 1 - 3.634 million), the second hour drew 3.210 million viewers (last week's hour 2 - 3.754 million) and the final hour drew 2.819 million viewers (last week's hour 3 - 3.479 million).
RAW was #4 for the night in viewership this week, behind two airings of the NBA Playoffs and Hannity. RAW was #3 in the 18-49 demographic this week, behind the NBA.
The NBA topped the night with more than 7 million viewers across both games.
Below is our 2018 RAW Viewership Tracker:
January 1st Episode: 2.865 million viewers
January 8th Episode: 2.766 million viewers
January 15th Episode: 3.250 million viewers
January 22nd Episode: 4.530 million viewers (RAW 25)
January 29th Episode: 3.395 million viewers (Post-Royal Rumble episode)
February 5th Episode: 3.055 million viewers
February 12th Episode: 3.105 million viewers
February 19th Episode: 3.282 million viewers
February 26th Episode: 3.180 million viewers (post-Elimination Chamber episode)
March 5th Episode: 3.099 million viewers
March 12th Episode: 3.352 million viewers
March 19th Episode: 3.327 million viewers
March 26th Episode: 3.366 million viewers
April 2nd Episode: 3.357 million viewers
April 9th Episode: 3.921 million viewers (post-WrestleMania 34 episode)
April 16th Episode: 3.622 million viewers (Superstar Shakeup episode)
April 23rd Episode: 3.104 million viewers
April 30th Episode:
2017 Total: 156.971 million viewers
2017 Average: 3.018 million viewers per episode
Source: ShowBuzz Daily
Index Markets Research provides statistical analysis on Global Treated Distillate Aromatic Extracts (TDAE) Market provides a basic overview of the industry including its definition, applications and manufacturing technology. The report covers business strategists like major drivers, dynamics, share, segmentation, revenue forecasts, effective growth for the key players and facilitate better decision-making. The report offers the estimations of size of the market and analysis of the trend based on the pipeline of the Treated Distillate Aromatic Extracts (TDAE) market. The Key Players mentioned in the report are Lanxess (Germany), Royal Dutch Shell plc (the Netherlands), Total S.A. (France), Eni S.p.A. (Italy), Gazpromneft Lubricants (Russia), ATDM (Iran), ATDM (Iran), Halliburton (U.S.), Nynas (Sweden), CPC Coproration (China). This report provides a competitive scenario, with a purpose of enlightening new entrants about the possibilities in this Treated Distillate Aromatic Extracts (TDAE) Market.
Get a Sample Copy @ https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-treated-distillate-aromatic-extracts-tdae-market/10366/#requestforsample
The report offers a crucial opinion relating to the global Treated Distillate Aromatic Extracts (TDAE) market by discussing of its segmentation Commercial, Government, Personal. The sectors have been reviewed in terms of present as well as future trends. The analysis of geographical segmentation incorporates the estimated and present requirements from these regions. The study also offers the need associated to the different end-use sectors and separate goods in all of the geographical sectors of the market. The report also analyses the Treated Distillate Aromatic Extracts (TDAE) market in terms of volume [k MT] and revenue [Million USD].
The Treated Distillate Aromatic Extracts (TDAE) Market report gives detailed overview of terms and terminologies, applications, and classifications that are used in the context of market. It provides insights into the manufacturing cost structure and calculated as an aggregate of raw material costs, equipment costs, labor costs, and other costs. In terms of a technical consideration, the report discusses the production capacity of major manufacturers of Treated Distillate Aromatic Extracts (TDAE). This is estimated on circumstances such as the number of production plants, R&D status, raw material sources, and technology used by these manufacturers in 2018.
This report is segmented into several key Regions such as North America, China, Europe, Southeast Asia, Japan & India, with production, consumption, revenue (million USD), and market share and growth rate of Treated Distillate Aromatic Extracts (TDAE) in these regions, from 2012 to 2022 (forecast).
On the basis of Product Type, this report displays the production, revenue, price, market share and growth rate of each type, primarily split into : Low Purity, Middle Purity, High Purity.
On the basis on the end users/applications, Market report focuses on the status and outlook for major applications/end users, sales volume, market share and growth rate for each application, including : Tires & Tubes, Belting & Hoses, Battery Containers, Extruded Products, Others.
Key Highlights Of The Treated Distillate Aromatic Extracts (TDAE) Market Report:
1) A complete framework analysis, including an assessment of the parent market.
2) The study of emerging market segments and the existing market segments will help the readers in planning the business strategies.
3) Market Dynamics(Industry News, Development Challenges & Opportunities).
4) A Clear understanding of the market supported growth, constraints, opportunities, practicableness study.
5) Historical, present, and prospective size of the market from the perspective of both value and volume.
6) Market shares and strategies of leading players.
7) Recommendations to companies to substantiate their foothold in the market.
Inquiry for Buying Report @ https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-treated-distillate-aromatic-extracts-tdae-market/10366/#inquiry
In the end, the report includes Treated Distillate Aromatic Extracts (TDAE) new project SWOT analysis, investment practicalness analysis, investment come analysis, and Development Trend Analysis. The key rising opportunities of the fastest growing international Treated Distillate Aromatic Extracts (TDAE) market segments are coated throughout this report. This report additionally presents product specification, producing method, and products cost structure. Production is separated by regions, technology and applications. The Treated Distillate Aromatic Extracts (TDAE) industry data source, appendix, research findings and the conclusion.
About Us
Index Markets Research conduct market research and publish reports. You can find more than 35,000 research reports in our web store, which covers global industry and the regional markets. All the worldwide marketing data you need is at your fingertips.
Contact Us
Mark Irwin
Sales Manager
Email Id : sales@indexmarketsresearch.com
Phone: +1 202 888 3519
Web: https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/
BEIJING (AP) — Premier Li Keqiang said Tuesday that China doesn't want to see a "trade war" with the United States and hopes to reach a negotiated settlement of disputes.
Speaking at a nationally televised news conference, Li said rash action would hurt all sides. He made no mention of a possible Chinese response to any increase in U.S. import controls.
Beijing faces mounting pressure from the government of U.S. President Donald Trump over complaints it hampers access to its markets, pressures foreign companies to hand over technology and is flooding foreign markets with unfairly low-priced steel and other goods.
That has prompted concern possible U.S. import controls might set off a cycle of retaliation by Beijing and other governments.
Advertisement
"No one will emerge a winner from a trade war," said Li. He said that would be contrary to trade rules based on negotiation and dialogue and would damage a mutually beneficial U.S.-Chinese trading relationship.
"What we hope is for us to act rationally rather than being led by emotions," he said. "We don't want to see a trade war."
Chinese trade officials said earlier that Beijing was ready to respond, though they gave no details. Business groups have suggested they could target U.S. exports of jetliners, soybeans and other goods for which China is a major market.
Asked whether Beijing might use its large holdings of U.S. government debt as leverage in a dispute, the premier said China's investments are based on market principles and "China will remain a responsible long-term investor."
Also Tuesday, Li promised China "will open even wider" to imports and investment and will fully open manufacturing industries to foreign competitors.
Beijing plans to eliminate import tariffs on drugs and slash duties on consumer goods, said Li. He said the country will "fully open the manufacturing sector," with better protection for intellectual property.
Chinese leaders are moving to make their slowing, state-dominated economy more productive. They have promised to open more industries to private and foreign competition, but business groups complain they are moving too slowly.
"If there is one thing that will be different from the past, that will be that China will open even wider," said Li.
Beijing plans to "further bring down overall tariffs," with "zero tariffs for drugs, especially much-needed anti-cancer drugs," the premier said.
"We will also fully open the manufacturing sector," said Li. "There will be no mandatory requirement for technology transfers and intellectual property rights will be better protected."
Beijing faces complaints it violates its market-opening commitments by requiring automakers and other foreign companies to hand over technology to potential Chinese competitors. Washington is investigating whether Beijing is acting improperly, a probe American officials have suggested might lead to trade penalties.
WASHINGTON (AP) — As Alabama votes to fill the seat vacated by Attorney General Jeff Sessions, the choice between Republican Roy Moore and Democrat Doug Jones has taken on outsized significance. Moore has faced allegations of sexual misconduct with teenagers, dividing the GOP and giving Democrats hope of picking up a seat in a reliably red state. Here is what to look for in Tuesday night's results:
WHAT IS THE TRUMP DRAW?
Alabama has once already proven the bounds of President Donald Trump's political influence. He endorsed Moore's GOP rival, Sen. Luther Strange, in the September primary, campaigning for him in Alabama hours before he was trounced by the state's conservative voters. Now Trump has wagered a greater sum on Moore's candidacy. The president resisted calls from his party's senior leadership to abandon Moore after the sexual misconduct allegations surfaced. He directed the Republican National Committee to re-enter the race on Moore's behalf, repeatedly attacked Jones, and recorded last-minute robo-calls on the Republican's behalf. A GOP defeat in the deep-red state would speak to the limits of Trump's ability to sway and motivate Republican voters.
WILL DEMOCRATIC TURNOUT EFFORTS PAY OFF?
Advertisement
In recent days, Democrats have pulled out the stops for Jones, including recorded calls from former President Barack Obama and visits from high-profile surrogates. They're trying to boost turnout among those most likely to be aggravated by Moore's controversial past, including black voters, and make inroads with suburban women_who proved to be pivotal to Democratic victories last month. Strong turnout and Democratic gains on both those fronts could point to trouble for Moore, and for the GOP going into next year.
WILL DEMOCRATS END THEIR SPECIAL ELECTION BAD LUCK?
Despite a ripe political climate, high-profile coverage, and huge injections of cash, Democrats are winless in five contests for vacant Republican congressional seats this year. All have been held in reliably Republican strongholds, but the defeats have still taken their toll on a party in a struggle for its identity. Wins in Virginia, New Jersey, and Maine in the November off-year election have provided some sorely-needed optimism for the 2018 midterms, and a Senate seat pick-up in Alabama would add pep to the party's step.
HOW WILL IT AFFECT RETIREMENTS?
Sensing a difficult midterm election looming, 16 Republican members of the House and two in the Senate have already announced they will not run again next year. The retirement gap_only six Democrats in the House and one in the Senate have said they won't run_can be an early indicator of what's to come in a midterm election. (A more even split of retirements exists for lawmakers retiring from Congress to seek other office.) Republican leaders are anticipating more retirements on their side from lawmakers in competitive seats where members are facing challenging and expensive contests. A Democratic victory statewide in Alabama could foretell a dire year ahead for Republicans, which could send more Republicans to announce their departures on their own terms.
WAS MOORE WORTH IT?
The Republican Party's decision to maintain support for Roy Moore stands to be a defining choice for years to come. The party chose to embrace a one-time pariah for reasons of political expediency, and then doubled-down in the face of troubling allegations of sexual assault and harassment. For the president, it's a matter of practicality_a loss would narrow the GOP's thin majority in the Senate even further at a time when his agenda faces critical tests. But other Republicans worry it's a short-term ploy that has sacrificed their moral authority and that may come back to haunt them in the coming year. Republican lawmakers have spent the past months struggling to answer questions about Moore and his long history of divisive comments, and should he win, his presence will loom large in the Capitol and on the campaign trail. If Moore keeps the Senate seat in Republican hands, it may justify the backlash for some GOP officials. If he loses, the GOP has stuck by a candidate despite accusations of sexual impropriety, and who has alienated vast swaths of the electorate, with nothing to show for it.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Amir Khan's wife Faryal Makhdoom has given birth to a baby girl.
Bolton boxer Amir - who has family ties to Birmingham - announced the adorable news on his Instagram.
The 2004 Olympics athlete also revealed her name to his followers at the same time.
He captioned the sweet picture: "With my new born ALAYNA KHAN. Welcome to the world. Weighing 8lbs 3oz."
It comes after a turbulent year for the couple.
In February, Makhdoom spoke out over her very public fall-out with her husband.
Piers Morgan questioned Faryal and Bolton boxer Amir over their public spat.
The Twitter row saw Amir sensationally claim Anthony Joshua had slept with Faryal, something both strenuously denied.
But Faryal said her and Amir have put it all behind them - telling Piers: "I have forgiven him.
"We have both made mistakes.
"I made the situation worse, getting him angry while he was away.
"We've been together for four years married and been together for six years and never had a public row like this."
When asked whether we saw the real Amir in the jungle, during his stint on I'm A Celebrity, Faryal confirmed: "He is."
Amir, meanwhile, said: "I went into the jungle so people could see the real me.
"I almost went through a divorce and a lot happened but I wanted people to see how much of a family man I am."
Faryal added: "He has come home a changed man."
The'm A Celebrity contestant and his pregnant wife were on Loose Women last week to discuss their problems, reports the Daily Mirror.
"What went wrong was a lack of communication," he admitted.
"The way it went public wasn't nice. I think anger sometimes takes over. We want to make sure all that's put behind us."
He added: "I was going through that hand injury I had, not being in the boxing ring, being away from my family, going through a lot of stuff in my life - when I was away from the boxing ring I lost that focus, that structure.
(Image: REX/Shutterstock)
"Not being in the gym, not training, having a lot of downtime, you have a lot of energy in your body and sometimes it's mental as well."
Faryal, who is now six months pregnant with the couple's second child, pointed out that their long-distance relationship didn't help either.
"I was in England, he was in Dubai - he thought he was a bit cool in Dubai, judging by his tweets," she quipped.
Amir confessed that he'd had something of an existential crisis and didn't know who to turn to.
"My family were very supportive, my parents, they kind of helped me when I said I didn't know what to do. I did come to a stage where I didn't know what to do with my life, I was breaking my marriage, I wasn't boxing, I had a hand injury.
(Image: Getty)
"I didn't know where to go or what to do. Being a Muslim I started praying and that's one of the things that put me on the right path."
He said the'm A Celebrity chance come along just at the right time to save him, and he credited the programme with helping his marriage recover.
"It was a detox for me, just to get away from everything," he added.
Maryland just failed women for the ninth time. Del. Kathleen Dumais has been working on this bill for nearly ten years. She wasn't allowed to vote on the committee.
It's appalling that it's 2017 and Maryland still grants rapists parental rights.
It's appalling how the state's archaic laws force the survivor to share custody of their child with the very person responsible for their ordeal.
It's appalling how only male lawmakers got to have a say on an issue that concerns women and has lifelong consequences for them.
It's appalling how lawmakers still need to asses that a rapist should be able to legally involve himself in the life of his victim and her child's.
It's appalling but it's still happening.
A Maryland legislative panel, comprising of five male lawmakers, has decided to keep in place an archaic law that allows rapists visitation rights.
And this wasn't the first time Maryland neglected the plight of rape survivors.
For nearly 10 years, Delegate Kathleen Dumais has been trying to pass the bill to get rid of the preposterous law.
However, she wasn't even allowed to be a part of the panel that made the decision on her bill. In fact, not a single woman was included in the panel.
“The Maryland delegate has attempted to pass eight previous versions of the bill, all of which failed in the General Assembly,” The Daily Beast reports. “During the 2017 legislative session, the bill seemed closer to law than ever before, with versions passing both the House and the Senate, before a technicality sunk it for the ninth time.”
The decision to keep the law has prompted intense backlash:
REALITY ? In US- 7 states including Maryland can still force a woman to share parental custody with her rapist- https://t.co/2BrYDdf4vZ — Patricia Arquette (@PattyArquette) April 17, 2017
MD is one of 7 states ensuring shared custody with rapist. Men ensuring it'll stay that way. Truly unconscionable. https://t.co/lJDYMc1v4O — Miranda Yaver (@mirandayaver) April 17, 2017
WTH. Known rapists are allowed to be around children of their victim & have custody? That's sick. Maryland women need to march in protest! https://t.co/Y058noWKhp — Jan (@SwanWhisperr) April 17, 2017
同意 AGREE
如果您繼續閱讀，視同您同意我們隱私條款。This website uses cookies to improve user experience. By clicking agree you consent to all cookies in accordance with our Cookie Policy..
The upcoming Students' Union general election at the University of Calgary is about more than just hallways plastered with posters and grown men running around in Minions costumes. The election will present the opportunity for student politicians to bring up and debate “the issues.”
These issues include everything from federal advocacy to free pizza days. This year, one of these issues is something you may not have heard about in a while — MacHall.
Though it may feel like old news, the SU is still locked in a lawsuit with university administration over majority ownership of the MacEwan Student Centre — more commonly known as MacHall. Since the SU lost their injunction application and, subsequently, control over operation of the building in October, everyone seems to have forgotten about the lawsuit.
But with the election, candidates — whether it's in the scope of their position or not — will likely bring up MacHall. Or at least they should, because the SU has relied on the profits from operating MacHall for years. Our SU is one of the wealthiest in the country, and revenue from MacHall is central to this success.
But don't assume a student politician to will be able to “fight for MacHall” because the fight for MacHall is basically over.
U of C students need to start preparing for a post-MacHall world and the SU election is the perfect place to start. The biggest issue of this SU election isn't going to be saving MacHall — it's the lack of MacHall.
The current SU executive inherited the lawsuit. The next executive we elect in March will inherit either a case settled out of court or a lawsuit that — based the injunction ruling — has grim prospects.
Reading the injunction ruling from October, it's evident the SU's case has holes. While it's important to note that the injunction is separate from the larger lawsuit, many of the SU's arguments are the same for both. Justice Kim D. Dixon, in her injunction ruling, noted that “the SU's arguments about the harm it could suffer are based on a misunderstanding of the Governors' intentions on expiry of the [previous agreement].”
Coupled with former SU president Levi Nilson's sworn affidavit, which Dixon ruled “not substantiated by the evidence presented,” the injunction was a blow to any SU optimism.
Prospects weren't always this grim. The initial push from the SU last fall had momentum. In November 2015, it felt like the SU was ready for war and the student body was rallying around them. But they lost that momentum as soon as they entered closed-door mediation last January and any remaining bits of passion were lost with the injunction ruling.
The injunction ruling claims that losing operation of MacHall won't cause “irreparable harm” to the SU. But it does create a new reality.
The SU has lost hundreds of thousands of dollars from a “MacHall Defence Fund” and $1.9 million in annual revenue from operating the building that they won't get back. This year's candidates need to understand that reality.
The SU must accept that they've made mistakes with this lawsuit and move on. The people we elect to the SU this year must have a realistic perspective on the future of MacHall and the fact that majority ownership of the building — barring a major legal development — is now a distant pipedream. To believe anything else is naïve.
This probably sounds repetitive. Every year, student journalists and SU hacks remind you of the importance of voting in the SU election and bemoan the dying art of caring about student politics. We remind you that student politicians have a lot of control over important things, make big decisions and represent you directly.
But whether you believe it or not, your student politicians do have a lot of influence over your U of C experience. Whoever is elected this year will have the opportunity to start shaping what a post-MacHall world will look like.
I'm not going to tell you what the right approach to that world is. But demand that your SU executive candidates plan for something. It's time to start living life after MacHall.
Melanie Woods, Gauntlet Editorial Board
Comments
Builds to support company's growing national footprint and enhance customer satisfaction
RANDOLPH, MA--(Marketwired - Apr 17, 2017) - RoadOne IntermodaLogistics, a leading single source intermodal, distribution, and logistics service company, announces today the addition of two new regional business development directors and a regional vice president of operations in the Midwest. Their broad experience and business backgrounds will bolster the company's growing national expansion. The new RoadOne team members include:
Sarah Bond takes on the role of Area Sales Director, Southeast Region, responsible for business development for the Southeast territory. Prior to joining RoadOne, Sarah held various positions at a leading global ocean carrier. This experience provided a wealth of intermodal transportation and logistics knowledge. Her most recent role at the global carrier was account executive for the Southeast region where she handled many of the region's key accounts and generated some of the highest revenue in North America. Sarah brings high energy and expertise to her new role to deliver value-added solutions to RoadOne customers.
Chuck Henderson, RoadOne, Area Sales Director, West Region, is responsible for business development for the 13 Western U.S. states. Chuck offers a strong background in domestic and international freight forwarding and over 10 years of end-to-end supply chain experience. His strong supply chain expertise enables him to deliver comprehensive solutions involving domestic trucking, warehousing, as well as international ocean and air transportation. His experience spans a wide-range of vertical industries. Chuck's goal is to help companies identify areas of improvement within their supply chain, specifically in logistics.
With a broad and deep intermodal background, Michael Coleman comes to RoadOne IntermodaLogistics as Vice President Operations, Midwest region. Mike has responsibility for the Midwest Region including: Illinois, Iowa, Indiana, Ohio, Michigan, and Missouri. He has 30+ years of intermodal operations management experience. Previously, he worked for a container shipping line managing Midwest and North American operations. His experience includes equipment, CY (container yard) operations, M & R (maintenance and repair), trucking and rail, and has many strong relationships with many of his counterparts at Class 1 railroads, trucking and inland transportation companies in the shipping sector.
"Sarah, Chuck and Mike come to RoadOne with a wealth of knowledge and experience that will enhance the superior intermodal and logistics services we offer our customers. With a customer first DNA, RoadOne is committed to constantly growing and building to provide the highest level of service and support for our customers. This includes industry-leading technology which enables 24/7 visibility and exceptional efficiency and data accuracy," said Ken Kellaway, CEO of RoadOne IntermodaLogistics.
RoadOne operates in over 40 locations with over 1200 port drivers serving key intermodal locations across North America. The company's business philosophy is based on the tenets of reliability, tenacity, safety, integrity and loyalty.
About RoadOne IntermodaLogistics
RoadOne delivers a comprehensive single source logistics solution to customers by providing the highest quality, reliable port and rail container drayage, terminal operations, dedicated truckload solutions, transloading, warehousing and distribution solutions nationwide. RoadOne operates in over 40 locations with over 1,200 drayage tractors throughout key intermodal locations across North America.
RoadOne is committed to serving the changing logistics and transportation service needs of customers throughout North America. This vision of consistently offering diversified service offerings means that RoadOne will grow and innovate to help customers meet not only their business requirements but also increase the satisfaction of their customers.
US IntermodaLogistics and American IntermodaLogistics are part of Quality Logistics Services, a RoadOne IntermodaLogistics sister company. These Agent intermodal trucking firms are run by local entrepreneurs and are backed by the same leadership, ownership and umbrella of Safety, Sales, Systems, and Financial support as RoadOne.
For more information, visit: www.roadone.com
SANTA CLARA – The San Francisco 49ers have officially fired General Manager Trent Baalke, and NaVorro Bowman said he's sad to see him leave.
Bowman was drafted in the 2010 draft by the 49ers, when Trent Baalke was the Director of Player Personnel.
“Me and Trent have had a great relationship throughout the seven years I've been in the league,” said Bowman. “He's cared about me as a person and not just as a football player, so it's deeper than this.”
NaVorro Bowman's season ended in early October when he tore his ACL against the Dallas Cowboys during their Week 4 matchup. The veteran linebacker said it was tough for him to watch the 49ers from the sideline.
Take a listen:
NaVorro Bowman said 2016 was 'tough for me to watch,' and explained why he's sad to see Trent Baalke leave the 49ers pic.twitter.com/d3dshkxE9l — KNBR (@KNBR) January 2, 2017
For more coverage of the 49ers, including the firings of both Trent Baalke and Chip Kelly, head to our 49ers home.
Ireland's trade surplus fell by 9 per cent to €4.7 billion in February after recording a record-high €5.74 billion a month earlier as imports jumped 16 per cent, new figures show.
Preliminary data from the Central Statistics Office (CSO) indicates exports rose 3 per cent during February to €10.6 billion, as imports jumped by €800 million to €5.8 billion.
The surge in imports knocked €452 million off the trade surplus compared to January.
The latest figures show the value of exports rose 15 per cent versus February 2016 to €9.74 billion. In addition, the value of exports for the first two months of 2017 was up €1.98 billion or 12 per cent versus the same period a year earlier.
Exports of medical and pharmaceutical products continued to lead the way, rising by 827 million or 37 per ent to €3.04 billion in February. Exports of electrical machinery, apparatus and appliances was up 28 per cent to €731 million.
Exports to Britain rose 19 per cent over the year to February to €12.1 billion due primarily to exports of chemical and related product, which increased 58 per cent to €433 million.
The Brexit-related crash in sterling wiped nearly half a billion off the value of Irish goods exports to Britain last year, figures published last month showed. Exports to Britain fell by €496 million or by 4 per cent to €13.3 billion in 2016.
The EU accounted for 50 per cent of all exports from Ireland in February to €4.85 billion.
The US was the main non-EU destination, accounting for €2.94 billion or 30 per cent of all exports during the month.
The value of imports increased by €105 million or 2 per cent over the year to €5.47 billion. The value of goods imported for the first two months of 2017 was up 3 per cent to €10.6 billion versus the same period last year.
Petroleum imports increased €56 million or 25 per cent on an annual basis.
The value of imports for February 2017 excluding aircraft was €4.7 billion, down €82 million compared to February 2016.
Imports from Britain fell 4 per cent to €1.22 billion during the month. The EU accounted for 63 per cent of all imports with the US and China, the main non-EU sources of imports.
This week, Michigan mom Rebecca Bredow was sentenced to seven days in jail for failing to vaccinate her 9-year-old son, but her real crime was ignoring a consent order to do so.
Vaccinations have been a hot topic for years now, and even with little evidence they are harmful to children , many parents are choosing to not vaccinate their kids. And for the most part, that's OK, legally speaking. But there are a few exceptions to that rule, and one of them is when a judge orders you to vaccinate your child.
Shots Fired
Figuring out child care decisions after a divorce can be complicated enough. According Bredow, she and her ex-husband, James Horne agreed to suspend immunizations when their son was 2 years old, and he hasn't received a vaccination since. Despite her claims that Horne is only using the vaccination issue as leverage in their custody battle, Bredow's attorney signed a November court order for vaccination, a move Judge Karen McDonald interpreted as Bredow's consent to vaccinations.
"I understand you love your children. But what I don't think you understand is that your son has two parents, and dad gets a say," McDonald told Bredow during a court hearing this week. "It's clear to me that you don't care about orders even if you agree to them, which you did." McDonald found Bredow guilty of contempt and sentenced her to seven days, handing over temporary custody of the child to Horne.
Vax Law
While vaccinations aren't, for the most part, legally mandatory, many schools will require vaccines for attendance and some states will require vaccines for attendance at any public school. Even so, a majority of states still provide exemptions for vaccinations on religious grounds, and many, including Michigan, also provide exemptions for and personal reasons.
There may be civil liability for not vaccinating your children, and possibly even criminal liability for not seeking the proper medical care for your children. Vaccinations and the law is still a bit of a gray area, so consult an attorney about your rights and responsibilities as a parent.
Related Resources:
Amazon's Choice is a feature that aids people save time plus effort while in search of common, daily items. Initially intended for Alexa-allowed devices similar the Amazon Echo as well as the Echo dot, this feature has now concreted its way toward the web site and the Amazon app.
The Amazon's Choice badge is a credit given to choice products that meet a definite criterion. The standards are a closely protected secret; though, judging from products that received the badge – extremely valued products plus well-priced ones by Prime Delivery are the ones typically selected. Amazon's Choice is a badge that is presented to definite sellers. Amazon's Choice is merely used on products that are accessible for sale over Amazon Echo. Via Alexa and the Echo AI, Amazon Key clienteles have been capable to reorder stuffs that they have bought in the previous. Nowadays, they are moreover able toward purchase new ones with Amazon Echo as well as Echo Dot devices. Over voice command, Alexa could search over Amazon's Choice for Prime-entitled products and create suggestions toward Prime members.
There is Amazon's Choice Sphygmomanometer Christmas Offer.
Sphygmomanometer forms a portion of the standard blood pressure checking assembly. The sphygmomanometer is involved with a tubing toward a cuff that is located on the arm, above the elbow, at the similar level as patient's heart. The cuff is then exaggerated to upsurge the pressure on the arm plus restrict the flow of blood over the arteries.
Once totally inflated, the pressure is then gradually released so as to the blood flow returns to usual and the pressure could be measured as the blood is pushed over the body and while it goes back toward the heart. The sphygmomanometer is the knob like otherwise digital device that displays the reading of systolic plus diastolic pressure. A stethoscope might also be added toward the assembly so as to the distinctive sound of blood rustling back into the arteries plus veins could be heard.
The different kinds of sphygmomanometer
There are two kinds of sphygmomanometer, manual plus automatic; though, these terms have further to do through the cuffs involved to the sphygmomanometer than the device itself. A manual sphygmomanometer is fundamentally a blood pressure checking device where the blood pressure cuff have to be bloated with the aid of a rubber bulb. Instead, in the instinctive sphygmomanometer the cuffs are battery power-driven and are swollen automatically.
Though, the sphygmomanometer dial furthermore derives in two form; the digital version wherever the BP readings could be seen on a digital screen plus the dial like round meter which has needles pointing toward numerals imitating your blood pressure analyses. The dial sphygmomanometer has to be adjusted once a year to confirm the precision of the readings
There is moreover a third kind of sphygmomanometer, which is usually used by health care professionals because of its accuracy, the mercurial kind manometer, which does not have toward be recalibrated. The units used for the dimension of blood pressure in this device are millimeter of mercury.
http://e-papyrus.com/amazons-choice-sphygmomanometer-christmas-offer
US president Donald Trump's remarks condemning violence at a white nationalist rally were meant to include the Ku Klux Klan and neo-Nazi groups, the White House said on Sunday, a day after he was criticised for not explicitly denouncing white supremacists.
US authorities opened an investigation into the deadly violence in Virginia, which put renewed pressure on the Trump administration to take an unequivocal stand against right-wing extremists occupying a loyal segment of the Republican president's political base.
A 32-year-old woman was killed and 19 people were injured, five critically, on Saturday when a man drove a car into a crowd of people protesting the white nationalist rally in the Southern college town of Charlottesville. Another 15 people were injured in street brawls between white nationalists and counter-demonstrators who fought each other with fists, rocks and pepper spray.
Two Virginia state police officers died in the crash of their helicopter after assisting in efforts to quell the unrest, which mayor Mike Signer said was met by the presence of nearly 1,000 law enforcement officers.
Former US army enlistee James Alex Fields jnr (20), a white Ohio man described by a former high school teacher as having been “infatuated” with Nazi ideology as a teenager, was due to be appeared in court on murder and other charges stemming from the deadly car crash.
The federal “hate crime” investigation of the incident “is not limited to the driver,” a US justice department official told Reuters. “We will investigate whether others may have been involved in planning the attack.”
Democrats and Republicans criticised Mr Trump for waiting too long to address the violence - his first major crisis on the domestic front that he has faced as president - and for failing when he did speak out to explicitly condemn white-supremacist marchers who ignited the melee.
Mr Trump on Saturday initially denounced what he called “this egregious display of hatred, bigotry and violence on many sides.”
On Sunday, however, the White House said: “The president said very strongly in his statement yesterday that he condemns all forms of violence, bigotry, and hatred, and of course that includes white supremacists, KKK, neo-Nazi, and all extremist groups. He called for national unity and bringing all Americans together.”
The statement was emailed to reporters covering Mr Trump at his golf resort in New Jersey and attributed to an unidentified “White House spokesperson.”
Solidarity
Memorial vigils and other events showing solidarity with Charlottesville's victims were planned across the country on Sunday to “honour all those under attack by congregating against hate,” a loose coalition of civil society groups said in postings on social media.
Virginia police have not yet provided a motive for the man accused of ramming his car into the crowd. But US prosecutors and the Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) have opened a civil rights investigation, FBI and justice department officials said.
Derek Weimer, a history teacher at Mr Fields' high school, told Cincinnati television station WCPO-TV that he remembered Fields harbouring “some very radical views on race” as a student and was “very infatuated with the Nazis, with Adolf Hitler.”
“I developed a good rapport with him and I used that rapport to constantly try to steer him away from those beliefs,” Mr Weimer said, adding that he recalled Mr Fields being “gung-ho” about joining the army when he graduated.
The army confirmed Mr Fields reported for basic military training in August 2015 but was “released from active duty due to a failure to meet training standards in December of 2015.” The army statement did not explain in what way he failed to measure up.
Mr Fields is being held on suspicion of second-degree murder, three counts of malicious wounding and a single count of leaving the scene of a fatal accident, authorities said.
‘White supremacists'
On Sunday before the White House statement, US senator Cory Gardner of Colorado, who chairs the Republican Party's Senate election effort, urged the president to condemn “white supremacists” and to use that term. He was one of several Republican senators who squarely criticised Mr Trump on Twitter on Saturday.
“Calling out people for their acts of evil - let's do it today - white nationalist, white supremacist,” Mr Gardner said on CNN's State of the Union programme on Sunday. “We will not stand for their hate.”
Protesters outside the White House demonstrate against the violence that took place at a white nationalist rally in Charlottesville, Virginia. Photograph: Michael Reynolds/EPA
Sunday's White House statement elaborating on Mr Trump's initial comment on the Charlottesville clashes was followed hours later by even tougher rhetoric against white nationalists from vice-president Mike Pence, on a visit to Colombia.
“We have no tolerance for hate and violence from white supremacists, neo Nazis or the KKK,” Mr Pence said. “These dangerous fringe groups have no place in American public life and in the American debate, and we condemn them in the strongest possible terms.”
Mr Signer, a Democrat, blamed Mr Trump for helping foment an atmosphere conducive to violence, starting with rhetoric as a candidate for president in 2016.
“Look at the campaign he ran, Signer said on CNN's State of the Nation.”
“There are two words that need to be said over and over again - domestic terrorism and white supremacy. That is exactly what we saw on display this weekend.”
Jason Kessler, an organizer of Saturday's “Unite the Right” rally, which was staged to protest the planned removal of a statue of Confederate army commander Gen Robert E Lee from a park, said supporters of the event would not back down. The rally stemmed from a long debate over various public memorials and symbols honouring the pro-slavery confederacy of the US Civil War, considered an affront by African-Americans.
Mr Kessler attempted to hold a press conference outside city hall in Charlottesville on Sunday but was quickly shouted down by counter-protesters.
Reuters
SE Missouri State To Offer Program at Satellites
CAPE GIRARDEAU (AP) - Southeast Missouri State plans to begin offering an associate degree program at its satellite campuses, starting next fall.
The university says the Associate's Plus degree is a two-year degree with an option for students to go on to earn a bachelor's degree.
The Southeast Missourian reports university president Kenneth Dobbins told the newspaper's editorial board last week that students may start signing up for the program Tuesday.
The program is being offered in cooperation with Missouri State University-West Plains. Southeast already offers associate degree courses at its campuses in Kennett, Malden and Sikeston, but not an associate degree. Students will earn an associate degree with 62 credit hours.
Dobbins says the university wants to eliminate students earning hours and credits that later can't be applied toward a bachelor's degree.
The actress and talk show host says she doesn't have the energy to run for president.
Oprah Winfrey said she has cut back on the amount of news she watches because it makes you “depressed if you watch the news all the time”.
The actress and TV host, 64, also ruled out running for the office of American president, saying she didn't feel qualified “to take on the responsibilities of what that means, which is to run the world”.
Left to right, Ava DuVernay, Storm Reid, Oprah Winfrey, Mindy Kaling and Reese Witherspoon attending the A Wrinkle In Time European Premiere held at BFI IMAX in Waterloo, London (Ian West/PA)
She added that she also didn't “have the amount of energy” required to take on the mammoth job, following calls from her fans around the world for her to take up the presidential mantle after her inspiring speech at the Golden Globes earlier this year.
She told Radio Times: “I used to watch the news on my treadmill, but it became too much for me so I've started to avoid it. You can end up making yourself depressed if you watch the news all the time. Now I watch enough to stay informed, but that's it.”
Winfrey's latest film, Disney's A Wrinkle In Time, sees her star on the big screen alongside Reese Witherspoon and Mindy Kaling as the trio play three celestial guides.
Ruling out a presidential run, she told the magazine: “I don't feel that I am qualified to take on the responsibilities of what that means, which is to run the world. Nor do I feel like I have the amount of energy that it would take to do it. I don't feel like that is my calling.”
This week's cover of the Radio Times.
She also described her life as “simple” when asked if she leads an extravagant lifestyle.
She said: “I live a relatively simple life. I love to stay in with my five dogs. I'll take them for a walk in the woods and let them find dead birds, then come home, bathe them and make a meal.
“My idea of a good time involves an English muffin and some tea. That's all I need. Hanging out on big boats with friends is also enjoyable, but it's not something I do very often.”
Read the full story in this week's issue of Radio Times magazine.
© Press Association 2018
Labour MP Chris Hipkins says he didn't know his question to officials about citizenship was in any way linked to questions about Australia's Barnaby Joyce's eligibility for parliament there.
But had he known he might have given it a second thought.
Deputy Prime Minister Joyce's position in Australia's federal parliament is under scrutiny after he revealed the New Zealand High Commission had contacted him last week with the "shocking" information that he could be a New Zealander.
Joyce's father was born in New Zealand and it has been confirmed that he is a citizen by descent. That would rule him ineligible to serve in Australia's Parliament.
Advertisement
Labour leader Jacinda Ardern said today that Hipkins shouldn't have been prioritising questions about citizenship.
"We've had a discussion about [it] and as I said to her, had I known this was where it was going to land up I wouldn't have got involved," Hipkins said.
"I had no intention of getting involved in Australian domestic politics."
Hipkins, who has a keen interest in the rights of Kiwis living in Australia, said he asked the citizenship question out of personal interest.
A spokesman for Internal Affairs Minister Peter Dunne says Australian media had also lodged specific questions about Joyce at or about the same time as Hipkins' general question.
The requests had led to Joyce being informed, he said.
Joyce is the fifth Australian MP to have their citizenship questioned since last month, after senators Scott Ludlam, Larissa Waters, Matthew Canavan and Malcolm Roberts.
- NZN
The market research highlights fundamental frameworks on Global Biogas Power Plants Market gives the exhaustive affiliation between past and current market trends to predict future market values and tendencies of the market. The report is a well-defined and in-depth research of market along with the market status, growth rate, and trends. The market report comprises historical, current, and projected revenues for each sector, segment, end-user segment, and region. The key manufactures/business entities covered in the report Wartsila, Air Liquide, EnviTec Biogas AG, Scandinavian Biogas, Swedish Biogas International, Ameresco, Inc, Agrinz Technologies GmbH, PlanET Biogas Global GmbH, SP Renewable Energy Sources Pvt. Ltd, Beijing Sanyi Green Energy Development, Quadrogen, IES BIOGAS, Biofuel USA Corporation, CH4 Biogas, Borgias Sweden AB.
The report begins with introducing the global Biogas Power Plants market and segmentation analysis such as depend on the most significant dynamics containing drivers of the market, constraints, risks, opportunities, current trending factors, PEST and PROTER'S Five Forces survey, applications, topographical region markets, and competitive landscape. Macroeconomic and microeconomic features that currently overcome and also those that are witnessed to appear are involved in Biogas Power Plants report. The research analysts working on the report have strongly analyzed expected changes in policy, industry news and expansions, and opportunities and trends – this information can be utilized by companies to extend their market existence.
Request for Sample Report @ https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-biogas-power-plants-market/5885/#requestforsample
The report is actually made up of a combination of the important and the pertinent info of the worldwide market, for instance, key things responsible for the variation of demand with its services and products. The report states pioneering new developments and technological advancement, which empower our customers to structure they are long-term primarily based on innovative developments; settle on informative businesses options and also to perform the necessary fundamentals. The report provides the main region, market conditions with the product price, profit, capacity, production, supply, demand, and market growth rate and forecast etc. This report also Present new project SWOT analysis, investment feasibility analysis, and investment return analysis.
Geographically, this report is portioned into a few key Regions, with generation, utilization, income (million USD), piece of the pie and development rate in these areas, from 2018 to 2025 (gauge), covering United States, China, Europe, Japan, Southeast Asia, India and Rest of World.
Biogas Power Plants Market Analysis by Product Type Segmentation: Generation of Electricity from Livestock Farms, Generation of Electricity from Industry Wastewater, Generation of Electricity from Municipal Sewage.
Biogas Power Plants Market Analysis by Application Segmentation: Household Electricity, Commercial Electricity, Others.
Key points in the Biogas Power Plants Market Report:
1) To gain insightful analyses of the Market and have a comprehensive understanding of the global market and its commercial landscape
2) Assess the production processes, major issues, and solutions.
3) Market strategies that are being adopted by leading respective organizations
4) The report gives specific analysis for rapidly changing dynamics of Industry.
5) To understand the future outlook and prospects for the market with Marketing & Price (Price and Margin, Factors of Price Change, Manufacturers Gross Margin Analysis).
Inquiry for Buying Report @ https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-biogas-power-plants-market/5885/#inquiry
From all of this Biogas Power Plants market information, the report serves guidance and strategies to the following Biogas Power Plants market players: New players, stakeholders, marketing unit, administrative authorities and Biogas Power Plants distributors/manufacturers. The market research analysis has been structured using vital data from industry expertize. Further, the comprehensive primary and secondary research information with which the report has been prepared helps provide the key statistic forecasts data, in both terms revenue and volume. In addition to this, the analysis of the latest trends and current revenue of the region-wise market in comparison to the market has been included in this report. This will provide a clear view of the readers that how the market will progress globally over the forecast period 2018-2023.
About Us
Index Markets Research conduct market research and publish reports. You can find more than 35,000 research reports in our web store, which covers global industry and the regional markets. All the worldwide marketing data you need is at your fingertips.
Contact Us
Mark Irwin
Sales Manager
Email Id: sales@indexmarketsresearch.com
Phone: +1 202 888 3519
Web: https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/
Increasing pool of diabetic patients witnessed across the globe has prompted leading manufacturers of medical devices towards development of ground-breaking products. Smart insulin pens are among such devices that have revolutionised the global market for diabetic injection pens. A recent study published by Future Market Insights projects that the global smart insulin pens market, which is currently valued at US$ 0.86 Mn, will expand vigorously at 17.9% CAGR through the end of 2027. During this ten-year forecast period, the global demand for smart insulin pens is estimated to surge rapidly as medical device manufacturers will be actively adopting advanced technologies that deliver cutting-edge devices.
Report overview@ https://www.futuremarketinsights.com/reports/smart-insulin-pens-market
While the parent market – global diabetic injection pens market – is presently worth US$ 4.9 Bn, contribution of revenues arising from global sales of smart insulin pens will remain minimal. Nevertheless, the global smart insulin pens market will bring in more than US$ 4 Mn revenues by the end of 2027. The report, titled “Smart Insulin Pens Market: Global Industry Analysis and Opportunity Assessment, 2017-2027,” also reveals that Europe will emerge as a dominant region for growth of global smart insulin pens market. Sales of smart insulin pens across European countries are anticipated to bring in over US$ 2.4 Mn by end of 2027. Meanwhile, awareness regarding smart insulin pens is expected to rise robustly across the US and Canada. North America's smart insulin pens market is, thus, estimated to register revenue growth at a staggering 26.7% CAGR. Through 2027, sales of smart insulin pens across Asia-Pacific region are also projected to gain traction, bringing in a little over US$ 1.2 Mn in revenues.
The report further reveals that a majority of smart insulin pens sold across the world will be purchased for treatment of type II diabetes. The demand for smart insulin pens among type I diabetics is expected to remain considerably lower, procuring global revenues of just over US$ 700,000.
Request to sample report@ https://www.futuremarketinsights.com/reports/sample/rep-gb-1827
Summary of Table of Content
1. Executive Summary
2. Market Introduction
3. Global Smart Insulin Pens Market Analysis Scenario
4. Market Dynamics
5. Global Smart Insulin Pens Market Analysis and Forecasts, By Indication
6. Global Smart Insulin Pens Market Analysis and Forecasts, By Connectivity
7. Global Smart Insulin Pens Market Analysis and Forecasts, By Distribution Channel
8. Global Smart Insulin Pens Market Analysis and Forecasts, By Region
9. North America Smart Insulin Pens Market Analysis and Forecast
10. Europe Smart Insulin Pens Market Analysis and Forecast
11. Asia Pacific Smart Insulin Pens Market Analysis and Forecast
12. Rest of The World Smart Insulin Pens Market Analysis and Forecast
13. Competition Landscape
14. Assumptions and Acronyms Used
15. Research Methodology
Request to Browse Full Table of Content, figure and Tables@ https://www.futuremarketinsights.com/toc/rep-gb-1827
CONTACT:
Future Market Insights
616 Corporate Way, Suite 2-9018,
Valley Cottage, NY 10989,
United States
T: +1-347-918-3531
F: +1-845-579-5705
Email: sales@futuremarketinsights.com
Website: www.futuremarketinsights.com
- Xavier Woods' "UpUpDownDown" YouTube channel posted this WWE 2K18 video of Brock Lesnar with Paul Heyman vs. Andre the Giant with Bobby "The Brain" Heenan.
- Aiden English turns 30 years old today while Rhyno turns 42 and former WWE star Kaitlyn turns 31.
- A new episode of WWE Story Time will premiere on the WWE Network after Monday's RAW goes off the air. Below is the synopsis:
"Disagreements and discrepancies bring WWE Superstars closer together, farther apart, and even change sports entertainment history!"
Follow Marc Middleton on Twitter at @this_is_marc. Got a news tip or correction? Send it to us by clicking here.
Egypt has rejected Stoke City's request to delay the arrival of winger Ramadan Sobhi for their 2017 Africa Cup of Nations squad.
Sobhi, a winger, will miss the Potters encounter against Watford and report for camping which starts on January the 1st,.
While Egypt has rejected Stoke's request they have permitted Hull City to use Ahmed Elmohamady for their Monday match against West Brom.
Egypt will face Tunisia in a pre-tournament friendly on January 8 in Cairo.
The Pharaohs are in Group D at the Afcon alongside Ghana, Mali and Uganda.
The post Egypt reject Stoke's request to delay Sobhi's arrival appeared first on COMPLETE ENTERTAINMENT.
This example of FIAT's first cheap small car for world markets was modified by Tilling Stevens of Maidstone and fitted with one of their petrol electric transmissions. These modifications were carried out by their chief electrical engineer H.K.Whitehorn. The car was presented to the Museum in 1935. The Museum staff were responsible for sectioning the coachwork and the mechanical components to give visitors a better idea of how it all worked.” FIAT built some 90,000 509's including sports versions, taxis and light commercials. Tilling Stevens of Maidstone specialised in the building of petrol electric buses and commercial vehicles. During the 1920's and 30's these were also popular with travelling showman as well. I have no idea who the FIAT electric was built for, It could have been a prototype, perhaps some reads know. Sectioning exhibits was at one time popular with museums, but I suspect now many enthusiasts wished they had not! The Science Museum store at Wroughton used to have one or two open days a year. It is such a shame that there is basically no public access now as the exhibits in store are wonderful.
Words and photos: Michael Ware
Follow CBSMIAMI.COM: Facebook | Twitter
OCALA (CBSMiami/AP) — An accident with a firearm can happen at any time no matter how responsible a person is being.
A Florida man told sheriff's deputies he accidentally discharged a pistol while he was teaching gun safety to three young people.
The incident occurred Monday afternoon at Eglise Baptiste Philadelphie church near Ocala.
According to a Marion County Sheriff's report, the man said he was showing three girls “the difference between a real firearm and a BB gun.” He was using his Sig Sauer 9 mm when his “finger snagged the trigger.” He told deputies he doesn't recall pulling the trigger.
The Star Banner reports the deputy collected the 9mm projectile and shell case and contacted the girls' parents.
No arrest was made and no one was injured.
(© Copyright 2018 CBS Broadcasting Inc. All Rights Reserved. The Associated Press contributed to this report.)
A stair in the mother and baby home in Castlepollard, Co Westmeath, led to a window to which young mothers used to run in order to watch their babies being taken away for the last time.
The window didn't give a very good view and usually all they could do was listen to the car driving off as the child was being brought by its adoptive parents to the United States.
The mother at the window was at the centre of a triangle of forces. These were Irish society and its prejudices; the need of the church to see children brought up as Catholics; and the State's practice of stepping back from interference with the church.
One woman I spoke to when I covered this issue for The Irish Times in the 1990s tried to conceal her pregnancy but failed because of intense pain. The doctor was called and told her mother her daughter was pregnant. Her mother started shouting at her. The doctor said: ‘It's not much use shouting at her, the damage is done. We will have to get her to Castlepollard.'
“A priest came to see me, he said a few words and prayed. He was very cold. He didn't know how to cope with it. I felt fear. An ambulance came to bring me to Castlepollard. My mother didn't come with me.
“When I arrived at Castlepollard I was approached by a nun who said: ‘Your name is Vera while you are here.'”
Censoring of letters
Changing the identities of the young women in the mother and baby homes was part of the system of concealment. So was the censoring of letters on the way in and out. And hardly anybody had a telephone anyway.
I mention this in some detail to show that young women at the time had no choice in any real sense about being brought to these homes and about their children being taken away.
And don't underestimate the strength of the prejudice behind this. I recall my mother around 1970 talking about an “unmarried mother” who on returning to work was shunned by her female colleagues.
We were living in a society 56 years ago when the accent was on concealment.”
Concealing the birth by having the child adopted or fostered was where the nuns came in. From the point of view of the church and in particular of Archbishop John Charles McQuaid, the imperative was that babies should be adopted and raised by Catholic families. He did not want to see Catholic babies going to Protestant families in Ireland, North or South.
John Charles McQuaid
The adoption law meant children could only be adopted abroad after they were a year old. For this reason, mothers had to raise their children in the mother and baby home until a year had passed and then an adoption to a Catholic family in the United States could take place.
I needn't dwell on the cruelty of this system.
The parting
The parting was particularly cruel. “The night before he went, his clothes were left out and you were told to be up at 6.30 to bathe him and get him ready for going to America,” the mother quoted above said. “I didn't sleep that night.
“I remember getting up and going in to bath him and dress him. I remember the little beige coat and the little bit of velvet on the collar, brown shoes and beige socks.
“I carried him over to the door. The nun said to me, ‘kiss him goodbye now', and she just whipped him away.
“I ran up to a window to try to see him, I was almost getting out the window. But I couldn't see. All I could hear was the engine of the car. I kept listening until I couldn't hear it any longer.”
I should add that many adoptions were by families in Ireland but the system of concealment was the same, even extending, as we now know, to falsifying birth registrations in some cases.
The State's policy of staying out of what it saw as the affairs of the church didn't stop it from helping out the church. According to Mike Milotte's book Banished Babies, the Adoption Act was heavily influenced by McQuaid to allow for the adoptions to the United States.
Dr Tom Woulfe, Irish Adoption Board registrar. File photograph: Pat Langan/The Irish Times
There was also a view that adoptions, once they happened, should be forgotten about. Tom Woulfe, the first registrar of the Adoption Board and who continued in that job from 1953 to 1979, told me in 1997: “I believed for years that it was best that the shop should be closed and the key thrown away but I was wrong. It's not as simple as that.
“We were living in a society 56 years ago when the accent was on concealment.”
‘Eternity in hell'
He quoted an instance of a parent who wrote to him saying she was now married with five teenage children and that she dreaded the idea of the adoption being found out about by anybody. “I would prefer to spend my eternity in hell rather than that my husband and family should know about this.”
Following his retirement Mr Woulfe became chairman of St Patrick's Guild.
If religious orders and congregations were responding to the prejudices of society, what do we have to complain about?
I think we can complain about the harshness, often amounting to cruelty, with which mothers were treated. We can complain that their treatment was dictated by the needs of the Catholic church and not by their needs or those of their children. And we can complain about the blocking by adoption societies of attempts by mothers and adopted children to get in touch with each other and also about the State's policy of standing back from all of this.
In 1997, in response to queries from this newspaper, St Patrick's Guild admitted that some of its files contained misleading information.
Blocked at every turn
This information made it practically impossible for people to find each other following an adoption. One birth mother whom I had contacted through Barnardos desperately wanted to make contact with her son but was blocked at every turn. I heard later that when she eventually got the information she needed, she found that her son had died a few years previously in the US.
It is difficult now to believe that all of this was going on during the era of the Hucklebuck, the show bands, Joe Dolan and the Drifters, the Beatles, the Rolling Stones, flower power and the hippies.
Change was stirring, though. Máiréad Ní Ghráda's play An Triail about a single mother who kills herself and her child in despair was hugely influential in the 1960s.
Liberal voices such as that of Fr Fergal O'Connor began to call for a better deal for these women and their children, a call for which Gay Byrne gave him a platform on The Late Late Show.
Cherish
Cherish, founded in 1972 by a group of single mothers led by Maura O'Dea Richards with the support of Mary Robinson, also played a huge role in changing attitudes. One of its founders, Colette O'Neill, suggested the name Cherish as a reference to the 1916 proclamation's pledge to cherish all the children of the nation equally. (Cherish is now called One Family.)
In the end it was changes in society that began to sweep away this whole horrible system of concealment and of pain.
But many of the people who were swept away in that wave are with us and are reading and hearing these stories today and many of them are in pain today.
That girl is still at that window.
Padraig O'Morain writes the That's Men column for The Irish Times health supplement and teaches mindfulness.
He will attempt to scale the Earth's highest mountain next year with Victoria Pendleton.
Ben Fogle has said society today avoids risk and “mollycoddles” children, as he prepares to attempt to climb Mount Everest.
The adventurer will start the climb in April 2018 alongside Olympic cyclist Victoria Pendleton.
The pair will take on the Earth's highest mountain for the British Red Cross, and hope to highlight the environmental challenges mountains face.
Fogle told the Press Association: “I am a firm believer that we have, as a society, almost made risk an extinct word.
Perfect conditions for climbing today, can't wait to see the pictures @jongriffithphotography #sunshine #clear #notabreathofwind A post shared by Victoria Pendleton (@victorilou) on Dec 7, 2017 at 6:38am PST
“We are terrified of it, we shy away from it. We tend to mollycoddle our children.”
Fogle said he is aware of the dangers of Everest, which has seen many fatalities, but added that it's important not to “shy away” from adventure.
Fogle and Pendleton have teamed up to tackle the climb (Jonathan Griffith/PA)
He said: “I am a father, I have two children, and I think part of those parental responsibilities are to inspire your children and to share with them opportunities and experiences.”
He said as a new parent he “shied away” from adventure, but added: “I think, as the children grow up, you want to be an inspiring influence on their life.”
The broadcaster said that, while climbing Everest would be the pinnacle of his career, he has achieved so much already that getting to the top is not the be-all and end-all.
Pendleton told the Press Association: “I believe in fate and what will be. I feel like it's something that I want to do, I want to attempt.
“Whether it happens or not I don't know, whether we get there and weather conditions aren't suitable.
“We are not going to be ego-driven and get summit-crazy about getting up there but we both want to give it our best shot.”
Fogle said it was his “lifelong dream” to climb the mountain, but added: “It's not the summit that I am doing this for, it's not for the glory, it's for the journey.”
The pair have undergone extensive training to prepare for the climb (Jonathan Griffith/PA)
As well as being an Olympic cyclist, Pendleton has competed as a jockey, and appeared on Strictly Come Dancing.
She said climbing Everest appealed to her as she likes focusing on long-term goals.
The pair happened to be sitting next to each other at a function when they met and realised that climbing the mountain was something they would both love to do, she added.
The project has been “made possible” by HRH Princess Haya Bint Al Hussein, in memory of her late father, King Hussein of Jordan, Fogle said.
© Press Association 2017
A grand jury in Manhattan has indicted Harvey Weinstein in a rape case.
The movie producer was indicted on charges of rape in the first and third degrees and criminal sexual act in the first degree, the Manhattan District Attorney's Office says.
The investigation remains active and ongoing, District Attorney Cyrus Vance said.
Earlier it was reported that the former movie mogul won't testify before the New York grand jury.
Advertisement
A statement from a spokesman said Weinstein's lawyers decided there was not enough time to prepare him to testify.
Weinstein faces rape and criminal sex act charges involving two women.
Other women have accused him of sexual misconduct.
The 66-year-old former film producer has denied all allegations of nonconsensual sex.
- AP
More to come
Yet again, Tiffany Ann Beverlin has shown that the only thing standing between you and success after divorce is a positive attitude.
This unlikely Author, went from unemployable single mother of 3 to CEO of a multi-million-dollar divorce company, and now she is sharing that story with you in her book “My Dreams Recycled”. Launch February 17th 2017.
https://www.amazon.com/Dreams-Recycled-Tiffany-Ann-Beverlin/dp/0998268623/
Based on the inspirational true story of how one woman, turned the adversity known as divorce into a successful business helping other divorcees.
Tiffany was much like any other divorcee after her divorce. Being a female entrepreneur or women in business was the last thing she ever thought she was capable of. However, through an inconceivable turn of events, a few tears, many mistakes and a fortuitous dream, she found her divorce “happier ever after”, may not be what she expected. Creating a place for divorcees, Dreamsrecycled.com full of hope and divorce support, became her passion and in turn one of the most inspirational divorce stories ever shared. She also is a contributing blogger for Huffington Post, Thrive Global, SheSavvy and Onmogul.
This book will remind both men and women going through any kind of adversity, that with a dream, and a positive mindset you can really turn lemons into lemonade after any set back.
Reviews-
Tiffany is a true inspiration. Her story about rebuilding her life and reclaiming her power is moving, empowering and inspiring!
This is a must-read for anyone who has had their foundation in life break around them and need inspiration to rebuild. Tiffany's raw, vulnerable and authentic share of her story is appreciated! I seriously was so addicted to this book and could not put it down once I started it. Belinda G Ontario
My Dreams Recycled is a real page-turner – it's a raw, brave, and inspiring read for anyone who has been through a divorce or found themselves dating again after years of being “off the market.” Tiffany shares her experience and innermost feelings through the divorce that so many of us can relate to, but not nearly enough people talk about. So much of this reality is swept under the rug and simply not talked about in society, but it was so refreshing reading Tiffany's honest account of what divorce is really like and what it means on all fronts. I found myself laughing, crying, and saying, “you go, girl!” This is a must-read. Highly recommended. Krista W.
Contact:
Tiffany Beverlin
Phone: 407 353 4845
Address: 8044 Oakland place, Orlando, FL 32819
Email: Tiffany@dreamsrecycled.com
william@heptagonconcepts.com
Index Markets Research provides statistical analysis on Global Leak Detection Dyes Market provides a basic overview of the industry including its definition, applications and manufacturing technology. The report covers business strategists like major drivers, dynamics, share, segmentation, revenue forecasts, effective growth for the key players and facilitate better decision-making. The report offers the estimations of size of the market and analysis of the trend based on the pipeline of the Leak Detection Dyes market. The Key Players mentioned in the report are W W GraingerInc, Chromatech Incorporated, Highside Chemicals, Tracer Products, Abbey Color, Spectroline, Spectroline. This report provides a competitive scenario, with a purpose of enlightening new entrants about the possibilities in this Leak Detection Dyes Market.
Get a Sample Copy @ https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-leak-detection-dyes-market/10370/#requestforsample
The report offers a crucial opinion relating to the global Leak Detection Dyes market by discussing of its segmentation Commercial, Government, Personal. The sectors have been reviewed in terms of present as well as future trends. The analysis of geographical segmentation incorporates the estimated and present requirements from these regions. The study also offers the need associated to the different end-use sectors and separate goods in all of the geographical sectors of the market. The report also analyses the Leak Detection Dyes market in terms of volume [k MT] and revenue [Million USD].
The Leak Detection Dyes Market report gives detailed overview of terms and terminologies, applications, and classifications that are used in the context of market. It provides insights into the manufacturing cost structure and calculated as an aggregate of raw material costs, equipment costs, labor costs, and other costs. In terms of a technical consideration, the report discusses the production capacity of major manufacturers of Leak Detection Dyes. This is estimated on circumstances such as the number of production plants, R&D status, raw material sources, and technology used by these manufacturers in 2018.
This report is segmented into several key Regions such as North America, China, Europe, Southeast Asia, Japan & India, with production, consumption, revenue (million USD), and market share and growth rate of Leak Detection Dyes in these regions, from 2012 to 2022 (forecast).
On the basis of Product Type, this report displays the production, revenue, price, market share and growth rate of each type, primarily split into : Oil Soluble Leak Detection Dyes, Water-Soluble Leak Detection Dyes.
On the basis on the end users/applications, Market report focuses on the status and outlook for major applications/end users, sales volume, market share and growth rate for each application, including : Automotive Industry, HVAC Industry, Others.
Key Highlights Of The Leak Detection Dyes Market Report:
1) A complete framework analysis, including an assessment of the parent market.
2) The study of emerging market segments and the existing market segments will help the readers in planning the business strategies.
3) Market Dynamics(Industry News, Development Challenges & Opportunities).
4) A Clear understanding of the market supported growth, constraints, opportunities, practicableness study.
5) Historical, present, and prospective size of the market from the perspective of both value and volume.
6) Market shares and strategies of leading players.
7) Recommendations to companies to substantiate their foothold in the market.
Inquiry for Buying Report @ https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-leak-detection-dyes-market/10370/#inquiry
In the end, the report includes Leak Detection Dyes new project SWOT analysis, investment practicalness analysis, investment come analysis, and Development Trend Analysis. The key rising opportunities of the fastest growing international Leak Detection Dyes market segments are coated throughout this report. This report additionally presents product specification, producing method, and products cost structure. Production is separated by regions, technology and applications. The Leak Detection Dyes industry data source, appendix, research findings and the conclusion.
About Us
Index Markets Research conduct market research and publish reports. You can find more than 35,000 research reports in our web store, which covers global industry and the regional markets. All the worldwide marketing data you need is at your fingertips.
Contact Us
Mark Irwin
Sales Manager
Email Id : sales@indexmarketsresearch.com
Phone: +1 202 888 3519
Web: https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/
Troubled Sinead O'Connor has revealed she is back in hospital 24 hours after posting a rambling video hailing it "the most beautiful week of my life".
The Irish singer, 50, posted two very different videos over the weekend as she continues to share her emotional journey with her legions of Facebook followers.
On Saturday, Sinead shared an upbeat video message where she described her troubling week as the "most beautiful" of her life - second only to the births of her children.
But within hours she posted another clip to her Facebook page where she admits she is "totally destroyed now again" and that is going to have to go back to hospital.
Advertisement
Irish singer and songwriter Sinead O'Connor. Photo / Getty Irish singer and songwriter Sinead O'Connor. Photo / Getty
It comes a week after the Nothing Compares 2 U singer revealed in the 12-minute clip she was "all by myself", living in a Travelodge and fighting to stay alive every day.
Her first post shows her reacting the response she had from her initial video and praising staff at the hotel after she revealed their address.
She also touches on how she had a kidney stone and slammed President Donald Trump, as well as telling fans to "Let Justin [Bieber] be Justin".
But the next day she appeared tired and emotional as she heartbreakingly referred to herself as a "crazy b***h", adding: "It's so awful to be so crazy. A painful thing."
She says: "OK I'm totally destroyed now again, I'm going to have to go back to the hospital, nightmare."
Sinead followed it up with a separate Facebook status update, which read: "Gotta go back to hospital. For fear will swallow all the stupid meds they've sent me home with. Such is life."
Sinead was admitted to a hospital in New Jersey last week after her worrying admission but appears to have been discharged shortly afterwards.
O'Connor's rant sparked fear among her loyal fans - but a friend of the Grammy winner responded on her Facebook page to let them know she was fine.
The message said: "Hi everybody, I am posting at Sinead's request, to let everyone who loves her know she is safe, and she is not suicidal.
"She is surrounded by love and receiving the best of care.
"She asked for this to be posted knowing you are concerned for her. I won't respond to any questions, so please understand. I hope this comforts those of you were concerned."
Singer Sinead O'Connor performs on stage July 20, 2012. Photo / Getty Singer Sinead O'Connor performs on stage July 20, 2012. Photo / Getty
Earlier it was revealed Sinead is being sued by her former lover and manager in a £450,000 court battle.
A Dublin court dealing with procedural matters in the case last month heard the singer is suffering from ill health.
Former U2 record boss Fachtna O'Ceallaigh, 69, and his firm TAL management filed an action in Ireland alleging breach of contract and defamation.
He is seeking upwards of 500,000 euros in damages, a court heard.
O'Ceallaigh, who also managed the Boomtown Rats, met Sinead when she was 17 in the late 1980s and steered her to global stardom.
He claims she terminated their management contract without warning in 2012 and is suing for damages.
He has also alleges she defamed him in an open letter published on Sinead's website and a fan site.
The singer denies she ever had a contract with her long-time manager or his company, and also denies defamation.
A pre-trial application last month related in part to the singer's failure to comply with a disclosure order made by the court. The judge gave her lawyers more time to file papers.
Sinead has spoken previously about how she was diagnosed with bipolar disorder more than a decade ago.
She has also struggled with depression and post-traumatic stress for years.
The star sparked a police search in May last year when she failed to return from a bike ride in suburban Chicago, before being found by officers later that day at a hotel.
Where to get help:
• Lifeline: 0800 543 354 (available 24/7)
• Suicide Crisis Helpline: 0508 828 865 (0508 TAUTOKO) (available 24/7)
• Youth services: (06) 3555 906
• Youthline: 0800 376 633
• Kidsline: 0800 543 754 (available 24/7)
• Whatsup: 0800 942 8787 (1pm to 11pm)
• The Word
• Depression helpline: 0800 111 757 (available 24/7)
• Rainbow Youth: (09) 376 4155
• CASPER Suicide Prevention
If it is an emergency and you feel like you or someone else is at risk, call 111.
Efficient communication is a must in order to keep your customers and your business partners happy. You need a functional telephone system in order to communicate with your business partners and clients and this is why you should pay utmost attention when choosing suitable business phone systems. Selecting the wrong system, one that does not function the way you need it to will lead to financial and operational repercussions and this is not something you want. The same goes for computer support toledo.
It is recommended to look ahead and do some planning before you decide to opt for one phone system or another. You should establish some simple aspects from the very beginning in order to avoid unpleasant surprises down the road. For example, do you know how many of your staff members will need to use the phone? Will they be using the phone simultaneously? Do you plan to hire additional staff in the near future? When you choose your phone system you should consider your long term needs. Moving on, we should not forget about the available features of the systems. Which features are essential to you? Will you have a receptionist or will you use auto-attendant to reach people? How about conference calling and call forwarding? How about voice mail?
It might be a good idea to make a list with the features you consider essential and to use this list when you compare the available systems and the costs involved. Will your company operate in a single location or in multiple locations? If you have multiple locations you might need an expensive piece of hardware in each location. Moving on, you will have to select the telecommunications technology such as Private Branch Exchange (PBX systems) or VOIP. Pbx systems are expensive and difficult to program, while VOIP systems are easier to use and they can be installed across many locations. Specialists in this field will help you compare these two systems and decide which one works better for you. Next, before you decide for a certain system it is recommended to test it. Is the system you are interested in easy to use and to program? Can you program new features? Does it require ongoing service costs? Business phone systems have numerous features and they are available in all sorts of different configurations. It is your responsibility to select one that caters to your specific communication needs.
Many business owners invest a great deal of money in their computer systems and their office technology but unfortunately they ignore the importance of having computer support toledo. What do you do when your computer breaks down and your employees can no longer perform their tasks? Does this affect your productivity? If the answer is yes why do you hesitate when it comes to paying for professional computer support? This can save you from lots of unnecessary stress and many unpleasant surprises?
Furthermore, it is useful to know that computer support services are reasonably priced and you have the possibility to choose a package that caters to your needs. This means that you only pay for what you need. It is definitely worth it to pay for a suitable support package, one that gives you peace of mind and that enables you to focus on other things that require your attention. We should mention that computer technicians provide a variety of services such as developing and troubleshooting program software, building, repairing or structuring the hardware of a computer, troubleshooting various devices, installing software, performing and supervising upgrades and maintenance, deploying networks and providing customer support and service. To summarize, having ongoing computer support is a necessity especially if you cannot afford to lose customers and money because of computer related problems. The good news is that these services are accessible and you have the possibility to choose a custom package and to pay only for what you need.
We provide the finest business phone systems that are designed to last for a long time and offer you the best value for your money. We also offer our customers professional computer support toledo that enables them to solve their computer problems in a fast and efficient manner. We are at your disposal for more information about our services and we are happy to help you select a package that you are happy with in the long run. If you need more information you should not hesitate to contact us for we are happy to assist you.
NORMAN (WNCT) – Former East Carolina head football coach Ruffin McNeill is joining Lincoln Riley at Oklahoma. McNeill spent this past season at Virginia under Bronco Mendenhall after being fired by East Carolina.
“Personally, I have a great history with him from our time together at Texas Tech and East Carolina,” Riley said in an OU statement. “We're getting an extremely high-quality person and coach. Our team and fans will love the personality and energy he'll bring to our program.”
Coach Ruff gave Lincoln his first big break as an assistant coach when he named him as offensive coordinator at the age of 26 at East Carolina. Riley spent five seasons with McNeill at ECU.
By Radio.com Staff
A Green Day demo tape—so rare the band reportedly doesn't even recall it—has surfaced with three songs recorded between 1992-1993, after their 1991 album, Kerplunk! Reportedly recorded on a boom box, the hissy analog tape features acoustic versions of “J.A.R”, “Having A Blast”, and “Don't Wanna Fall In Love.” According to YouTube user who posted the audio (lifted from a bit torrent site) was forgotten so long ago that the band isn't aware of the tape's existence.
Related: Green Day to Help Distribute The Story of East Bay Punk
While J.A.R., made its way to the Billboard Hot 100 via the 1995 Angus soundtrack, and “Having A Blast” could be found on their massively successful album Dookie, “Don't Wanna Fall In Love” was relegated at the time to the B-side of a “Geek Stink Breath” 7″ single. It was later released on the Shenanigans compilation album.
Listen to the three recordings below.
Many of the age spots and moles can be unattractive and annoying, encouraging individuals to desire removal and blemish treatment.Mole and age spots removal services are available in Langley, Canada.
Give yourself a boost of confidence and a healthy glow with services designed to improve your skin conditions. You can depend on the professional and expert team at White Rock Laser Clinic for effective skin care treatments in the most comfortable environment.
Having worked with hundreds of clients, we continue to appreciate the response and believe in the utmost care and respect for each and every client. As a valued client at White Rock Laser Clinic, you will benefit from our non-surgical procedures, providing optimal results for your specific skin care needs.
All our non-surgical procedures are performed by high qualified and experienced dermatologists, you can be confident that each procedure is executed by trained professionals. We ensure safety and high quality results for all treatments.
As one of the best provider of skincare solutions in Langley, Canada, White Rock Laser Clinic offers effective laser skin care treatments to help skin stay healthy and maintain a youthful radiance.
Talk to one of our representative to determine what's right for you and get a customized treatment plan.
For 34 years, a metaphorical space has existed in the New York Yacht Club's trophy cabinet.
That dates to when the John Bertrand-skippered Australia II defeated the Dennis Conner-helmed Liberty to whisk the America's Cup out of the United States for the first time in 132 years.
Conner led the seventh and deciding race off Newport, Rhode Island, but failed to cover Bertrand on the penultimate leg. He paid for his error with the Auld Mug.
The NYYC's commodore Philip Lotz told Radio Sport's Mark Watson they want it back, after confirming their first challenge since 2002-03 this week.
Advertisement
"It [the America's Cup] has been part of the club's history. Everybody's aware of it. It is always a topic of conversation.
"We're confident and looking forward to it. It's a chance to showcase some of the better US sailors, both in Olympic and non-Olympic events.
"Before it was not something we could participate in and we had no way of planning anything. If Oracle kept winning they'd represent the United States, and we wouldn't have an opportunity."
In a nod to tradition, the 36th America's Cup will be contested in 75-foot monohulls.
As a result, the NYYC challenge will be led by John Fauth and Doug DeVos, who are considered racing experts in that format.
Terry Hutchinson, who has sailed for four Americas Cup syndicates including Emirates Team New Zealand in 2007, is also expected to join. He has dealt closely with both Fauth and DeVos, and is a NYYC member.
Lotz would not be drawn on who might be approached from overseas, but was happy with what they had generated locally.
"We've been lucky enough to be approached by a great team of sailors who want to represent the club and challenge for the Cup.
"Both [Fauth and DeVos] have led strong programmes and have teamed together to create a challenge to represent New York.
"They're out there putting a team together and they're out to win, so they want high quality people."
Lotz said the NYYC's relationship with the Royal New Zealand Yacht Squadron - who Emirates Team New Zealand represent - was "friendly".
"I wasn't involved in previous challenges, but members have said it was a close relationship. I spent a day at the finals with Emirates Team New Zealand in Bermuda and I was warmly welcomed.
"Everybody was in awe of what was accomplished there. Whether you love or hate catamarans, there was respect for what was happening, the technology involved and what it took to put that together."
Watson asked if space had been kept free for the Auld Mug's return.
"We don't want to get ahead of the programme," Lotz said. "But I'm sure if we won the Cup back, we'd find some."
Nu Couche (Sur Le Cote Gauche) is said by Sotheby's to be the greatest painting from the artist's series of once-controversial nudes.
A Modigliani nude has a 150 million dollar (£107 million) price tag – the highest estimate ever placed on a work of art at auction.
Nu Couche (Sur Le Cote Gauche) is said by Sotheby's to be the greatest painting from Modigliani's series of once-controversial nudes.
Completed in 1917, it was also the largest painting of his career.
The record for a work actually sold at auction still stands with Leonardo da Vinci's Salvator Mundi, which went under the hammer for 450 million US dollars (then £341 million) in 2017.
But the Modigliani painting breaks the 140 million dollars record for an estimate, previously held by Picasso's Les Femmes d'Alger (Version ‘O'), from 2015.
Simon Shaw, co-head worldwide of Sotheby's impressionist and modern art department, said: “This painting reimagines the nude for the modern era.
“Modigliani depicted his models as confident and self-possessed in their sexuality.
“Nu Couche is an incredibly sensual image, with the sitter's gaze meeting the viewer's head-on in truly mesmerising fashion.
“While situating itself within a classical canon of nude painting, the work is radically innovative in style.”
He said of Modigliani's paintings: “Together these pictures signal a watershed in perhaps the greatest tradition in art – there is the nude before Modigliani, and there is the nude after Modigliani.”
The painting featured at Tate Modern's recent show on the Italian-born artist, who “scandalised” society with his paintings depicting body hair.
It will lead Sotheby's Evening Sale of Impressionist and Modern Art in New York on May 14.
© Press Association 2018
COLUMBIA - The city of Columbia and Clean Energy hosted a grand opening Tuesday morning for mid-Missouri's first compressed natural gas (CNG) fueling station.
It will supply CNG, not only to government and private fleets, but also CNG vehicles owned by the general public.
"Compressed natural gas all comes from domestic sources," said Peter Grace, Clean Energy vice president of sales and finance. "It is much cleaner than diesel and gasoline, and the fuel is less expensive."
The new station will service some heavy city equipment, including waste removal vehicles, and Grace said they will not be as loud, which is an added bonus.
"I think you will find that the refuse trucks and busses run more quietly than their diesel counterparts," Grace said.
Columbia Public Works Fleet Manager Eric Evans said two major trucking companies plan to use the new station.
"It's bringing money to the city of Columbia," Evans said. "It's bringing economic development."
There are currently two CNG dispensers available for city use, and one dispenser for the public. However, city officials said that another pump could be added for the public if demand for compressed natural gas increases.
Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin will depart for China to negotiate over U.S. trade disputes within days, President Donald Trump said.
“We have a very good chance of making a deal,” Trump said in a meeting with French President Emmanuel Macron. If the two sides can't reach agreement, he said, proposed U.S. tariffs on billions of dollars in Chinese goods will take effect as planned.
The trip to China will be Mnuchin's first as Treasury secretary. While he's met with Chinese counterparts in Washington and during G-20 meetings in Europe, Mnuchin hasn't traveled to meet them on their home turf. His last three predecessors visited China within the first months of their tenures as Treasury secretary.
The Treasury Department said Saturday that Mnuchin would travel to China but didn't say when he would go.
The Trump administration has proposed tariffs on more than 1,300 Chinese products in response to complaints about China's acquisition of U.S. intellectual property. The Chinese government in turn proposed its own tariffs on U.S. goods, targeting agriculture and other exports from rural and Midwest areas important to Trump's election.
But the administration has indicated it's willing to negotiate with China and avert a trade war, a prospect that's rattled financial markets. If the two sides can't reach a deal, the U.S. tariffs would take effect after a May 15 public hearing.
— With assistance by Mark Niquette
A young Australian teenager who was left for dead because of an "inoperable" brain tumour has defied doctor's predictions, surviving an operation only one surgeon was brave enough to perform.
Ciara Nelson, 18, is recovering at her Melbourne home after a lifesaving operation by Sydney neurosurgeon Charles Teo, who reportedly said it was the "most difficult surgery" he had ever performed.
Ciara's mother, Colleen Nelson, claimed Teo removed 100 per cent of the deadly tumour in a "gamble" that saw her daughter undergo five-hour keyhole surgery.
On behalf of Ciara Nelson, myself and all our family we would like to express our gratitude to everyone for their help,... Posted by Colleen Nelson on Wednesday, 7 March 2018
It's much-needed good news for the family, after Ciara realised she was living with a deadly cancer, which was only discovered because she hit her head during a netball game in 2016, news.com.au reported.
Advertisement
Ciara was diagnosed with a high-grade glioma, which doctors reportedly said couldn't be removed because of the risks of brain damage, stroke or death.
"I think we are very fortunate to have him in this country, that's for sure, because no one else would touch her," Nelson told Nine News.
"No one would touch her with a 10-foot pole and we are just lucky that he took a gamble and was able to do it."
Despite the relief that surgery went well, Ciara still has a four-week to make sure the tumour was completely removed.
"She is getting stronger every day. She is still very tired and it is going to take a while. There is a little bit of disturbance to her vision, but we are hoping that it's only temporary," Nelson said.
Nelson, a mother-of-three, first thought Ciara suffered a concussion when she started vomiting after a fall during a netball game in May, 2016.
But in a horrific discovery, Ciara had a lesion on her brain and her GP referred her to Monash Medical Centre in Victoria.
A follow-up MRI found Ciara's tumour was high grade.
"They admitted her so quickly. By the afternoon, the neurosurgeon told us she had a glioma in her brain," Nelson said.
A year of medical appointments, scans and disappointments followed as doctors said surgery was too risky for Ciara.
As an MP it is sometimes difficult, but then sometimes we can use this role for the best outcomes ever. 30k in 30 Days... Posted by Brad Battin MP on Wednesday, 14 March 2018
Knowing the ordeal ahead of them, Nelson set up a Go Fund Me page to raise money for the cause, which since December 2016 has garnered more than $130,000.
Any money raised that is not used for Ciara's treatment will be donated to support other families who have children with brain tumours.
WITH the July school holidays officially in full swing in Queensland, Marvel has released the sequel to Ant-Man.
Evangeline Lilly suits up alongside Paul Rudd this time around as The Wasp as her character Hope van Dyne searches for her long-lost mother.
Also out this week is the canine comedy Show Dogs, which has courted controversy, and a period drama about the events which inspired British author Mary Shelley to write Frankenstein.
Here are this week's highlights of the big screen and why you should see them:
Ant-Man and The Wasp (PG)
Ant Man and the Wasp trailer: Ant-Man sequel is a screwball comedy with state-of-the-art visuals.
As Scott Lang balances being both a superhero and a father, Hope van Dyne and Dr. Hank Pym present an urgent new mission that finds the Ant-Man fighting alongside The Wasp to uncover secrets from their past.
Why you should see it: Paul Rudd still has all the charm and sarcasm as Scott Lang/Ant-Man as the first film. Evangeline Lilly is a more than capable sidekick, but it feels like she could have been a bit more complex. Read the review.
Mary Shelley (PG)
Mary Wollstonecraft Godwin's family is horrified when she elopes with poet Percy Shelley, accompanied by her half-sister Claire. While staying in the home of Lord Byron at Lake Geneva, the guests are challenged to write a ghost story, which leads Mary to conceive her classic novel Frankenstein.
Why you should see it: Elle Fanning puts in a powerful performance as the tradition-bucking author. Queensland screenwriter Emma Jensen has penned a beautiful and intimate script, but the film could do with some faster pacing. Read the interview with Jensen.
Show Dogs (PG)
Max, a macho, solitary Rottweiler police dog is ordered to go undercover as a primped show dog in a prestigious dog show, along with his human partner, to avert a disaster from happening.
Why you should see it: This cliched comedy will entertain the little ones with its canine hijinks but that's about it.
Continuing
Sicario: Day of the Soldado (MA 15+)
Sicario: Day of the Soldado trailer: Josh Brolin stars in this action sequel.
The drug war on the US-Mexico border has escalated as the cartels have begun trafficking terrorists across the US border. To fight the war, federal agent Matt Graver re-teams with the mercurial Alejandro.
Why you should see it: This sequel leaves the men to get down and dirty. While it may lack some of the twists of its predecessor, it's bloody and thrilling viewing. Read the review.
Adrift (M)
Adrift trailer: Adrift, starring Shailene Woodley, takes you as close to the eye of a cyclone as you want to get.
A young woman sails into the eye of a hurricane to save the man she loves.
Why you should see it: This film is an awe-inspiring mix of survival drama and romance featuring an impressive performance by Shailene Woodley. Read the review.
Hotel Transylvania 3: Monster Vacation (PG)
Mavis surprises Dracula with a family voyage on a luxury Monster Cruise and the rest of Drac's Pack cannot resist going along. But once they leave port, romance arises when Dracula meets the mysterious ship Captain, Ericka. Now it's Mavis' turn to play the overprotective parent.
Why you should see it: Expect more of the same family-friendly monster humour as Adam Sandler and the gang reunite for a third outing, this time playing on cruising clichés. Read the interview with Fran Drescher.
Jurassic World: Fallen Kingdom (M)
Jurassic World Fallen Kingdom trailer: Chris Pratt again stars in one of the most anticipated movies of 2018.
When the island's dormant volcano begins roaring to life, Owen and Claire mount a campaign to rescue the remaining dinosaurs from this extinction-level event.
Why you should see it: There is so much action packed into this sequel to the franchise reboot, Jurassic World, that you'll certainly get your money's worth of sharp teeth and claws, chase scenes and dino-on-dino showdowns. The plot's a bit far-fetched though, so make sure to bring your imagination. Read the review.
Brothers' Nest (MA 15+)
Brothers Nest: Long awaited follow-up film from the director of Kenny.
Two brothers arrive at the family home intent on murdering their stepfather Roger. Terry and Jeff's motive is simple: killing their step-dad will render their dying Mother's plan to change her will in his favour redundant.
Why you should see it: Clayton Jacobson directs and stars alongside his brother Shane in this dark comedy about family loyalties and deep-seated sibling rivalries. It's a welcomed reunion of the duo, 12 years after the success of Kenny. Read the review.
Incredibles 2 (PG)
Incredibles 2 trailer: Holly Hunter returns as Elastigirl in Pixar sequel.
Bob Parr (Mr Incredible) is left to care for Jack-Jack while Helen (Elastigirl) is out saving the world.
Why you should see it: It's been 14 long years since The Incredibles made their debut, and won two Oscars, but the wait has been worth it with returning director Brad Bird hitting all the right marks in this sequel. Read the review.
Upgrade (MA 15+)
Upgrade trailer: Aussie made sci-fi thriller.
When Grey, a self-identified technophobe, has his world turned upside down, his only hope for revenge is an experimental computer chip implant called Stem.
Why you should see it: This great Aussie sci-fi thriller punches well above its weight and budget and is a refreshing change from the CGI blockbusters dominating our screens. Read the interview with director Leigh Whannell.
Tag (M)
Tag trailer: Based on a true story of a group of friends that have been playing tag for over 30 years.
A small group of former classmates organize an elaborate, annual game of tag that requires some to travel all over the country.
Why you should see it: While this adults-only, crude comedy is the latest in a string of such films Hollywood has been pumping out lately, it's rather funny.
It is the midst of a heatwave, and I am in Limerick. The place is unrecognisable, in part because it is 30 degrees, and I can feel the sweat pricking and creeping behind my knees just while sitting in my brother's kitchen. It is never 30 degrees in Limerick. Or at least, never insofar as I can remember. If you talk to the older people, they will tell you stories of summers long before, when it was indeed 30 degrees, and the grass was softer and the sky higher above your head. You'll never believe them until you get to their age, and realise they were right all along.
My older brother's kitchen is a place I have never been before, but here I sit. Though he and I are close, there is a strong sense within me that his truest self is the one who tricked me into the large box from some new electrical appliance – a rare and hallowed event in our house – and then shoved it down the stairs.
He and his wife have gone to get milk, and I am here with only the murmur of the dishwasher for company. It is odd, this feeling, of adulthood. It is odd to understand that the person you made a concerted effort to stab through the heart with a butter knife when you were seven, having to be wrestled off by your mother, is a responsible adult who has just bought a home.
For now, it is someone else's home. The remnants of that life are in the paint colour, the kitchen cupboards, the dimensions and feel of this house. My brother and his wife will gut it, of course, being architects, and make it up new like one of Lydia Bennet's bonnets in Pride and Prejudice.
Memorial of another life
A new home which is only new to you is a memorial of another life. You must change it in whatever way suits your budget and inclination to make it yours, and build a new narrative.
In the box room, unsurprisingly, are boxes. I have drifted up here even though I know it is a bad idea, because some of my mother's belongings are stored here. They have no home of their own, now, and lead a vagabond life, moving aimlessly from one box room to another, too precious by far to get rid of but too painful to look at. I feel her things behind the door before I see them, not because they are “doing” anything to me, but because I know what will happen when I see them.
There is a part of me that lives in expectation of residing in the past again
The pictures are there, of her doing the most unextraordinary things in the kitchen, or in her garden, and I am gone. It is as though I have been lifted out of the present and dropped into the past, and all of the tiny elements and details come back so that I know them in the present again.
The glass chime in the kitchen. The red kettle I forgot about, that lived always stout and merry on the hob. I am back there once more, in a kitchen that does not exist. My mother has her back to me, and she is engaged in some industrious but unextraordinary activity – peeling potatoes, talking on the phone with my aunt, marking something off on the calendar that she kept so very diligently.
In a past life
I am here again with her, back in a life that made sense by virtue of her presence in it. Then, slowly, the image blurs and trickles away, and I am once more inside a life from which she has been absent for two years. And I have forgotten precisely and exactly the sound of her voice, and the fragrance of her perfume, and the kitchen is altogether gone; the calendar too, and my life is unrecognisable to me for a moment.
I slipped back into the reality of the past far more seamlessly than I can readjust into the present. I suppose the past was my reality for a far longer time, and there is a part of me that still resides there, or lives in expectation of residing there again, and it cannot adjust to the present. So I shut the door on the past and go back downstairs – there's nothing else to do.
WATCH: Langford's only marijuana dispensary is back in business less than a month after it was shut down by RCMP. April Lawrence reports.
The lights are on, the doors are unlocked, and Green Tree dispensary in Langford is back in business.
Langford's first marijuana dispensary reopened this week after being shut down by the RCMP January 17, just one day after its original opening.
On Tuesday there was no sign of police at the dispensary but Langford's bylaw officer paid a visit.
Since the shop has no business license, the owners were handed a fine and a stop work order was slapped on the front door.
“It's a bylaw infraction and there's no business license,” said Langford Mayor Stewart Young.
“They've chosen to ignore that and just pay the $200 a day fine,” he said.
Just down the highway in Victoria you'll see a very different sign in some dispensary windows — a rezoning notice as some, like Trees Dispensary, try to get a business license from the city.
“It'll be a rezoning just like any other in the city, neighbours will be informed about it, that's part of the sign, and they can come and give feedback,” said Alex Rob with Trees.
Victoria's mayor says trying to shut down pot shops is pointless.
“Shut them down they reopen, shut them down they reopen, how much time do we want to ask VicPD to spend regulating dispensaries that can't be shut down?” said Mayor Lisa Helps.
Helps say licensing the dispensaries will give the city better control of who operates and where but Langford's mayor sees it differently.
“I think municipal politicians should uphold the laws,” Young said.
“This business is illegal, the Prime Minister has said it's still illegal and we should be treating it as an illegal activity,” he said.
If there's one thing the mayors do agree on, it's that the federal government has dropped the ball on this issue.
“The real answer is the federal government needs to give us direction soon,” said Helps.
“They're the ones that said in an election they were going to do it, now do it, and that will solve a lot of problems across this country,” said Young.
Until that happens Langford will continue to fine Green Tree dispensary $200 a day while Victoria will hear its first dispensary rezoning application this Thursday.
Hillsboro, Or. – A Liberty High School senior has won his court fight to wear his pro border wall t-shirt to school. The Hillsboro School District had told Addison Barnes he could not wear it to class because it could substantially disrupt the school, whose student population is one third Latino. Oregon live says U.S. District Judge Michael Mosman ruled the district did not justify its censorship.
Addison Barnes says the ruling is “a step in the right direction.” He says its all about protecting his First Amendment rights. He says ” I think that's the biggest issue at hand, here. Whether or not you agree with the politics or not, I think the biggest thing is we should be able to express our political opinions, whatever they may be.”
He says he plans to wear the t-shirt to school before he graduates next week.
Komodo Island Tour Package is a low price package and is one of the world's tourist destinations located in labuan .
Biomarkers have their own importance in the process of a therapeutic intervention. It is considered a crucial part of the drug discovery as well as the detection and cure of a disease. Neurological biomarkers is a new branch that is gaining traction in the global market. A new report by Persistence Market Research depicts the progress of global neurological biomarkers market and the forecast for the upcoming years. This comprehensive research report projects the overview of global neurological biomarkers market, titled ‘Global Neurological Biomarkers Market-Global Industry Analysis (2012-2016) and Forecast (2017-2025)'. According to the report, global neurological biomarkers market is expected to showcase a significant growth in coming years with a CAGR of 5.1% during the forecast period, and reach a market value of over US$ 8,700 Mn by the end of 2025.
Global Neurological Biomarkers Market: Snapshot
The neurological biomarkers are specific to the detection or analysis of molecular mechanism taking place in a person's neurological disorder. Though the market's scope is restricted to just the neurological segment of a human body, it holds a huge market share in the coming years. The growth is primarily driven by the increase of neurological disorders. There is a huge increase in the rate of population suffering from disorders like Alzheimer, Parkinson, Schizophrenia, Depression and Multiple Sclerosis.
Request For Sample @https://www.futuremarketinsights.com/reports/sample/rep-gb-6626
The prevalence of such diseases has also triggered the drug development practices. Many researches are solely dedicated to development of various drugs in the market which are based on the results of biomarkers. Thus, the global neurological biomarkers market is expected to proliferate in the coming years. The market includes the highest application of neurological biomarkers for Alzheimer, which is expected to hold the highest market share of over US$ 2,100 Mn in the global neurological biomarkers market. However, new application areas like Schizophrenia and Spinal Muscular Atrophy are expected to witness more attractiveness in the global market, as both the segments are expected to lead with a growth at high rate.
The report also reveals the growth to be seen majorly in Asia Pacific during the forecast period. The region is expected to gain attractiveness in the coming years, as the neurological biomarkers market finds larger area of application and grow at a CAGR of 6.1% during the forecast period.
Global Neurological Biomarkers Market: Upcoming Opportunities and Trends
Increasing prevalence of neurodegenerative disorders is expected to bolster the demand of neurological biomarkers in the global market. The growth is expected to introduce new trends in the market and help businesses capitalize on the opportunities coming their way. One of such trends is ELISA, which is a high sensitive method for detecting proteins in complex matrices such as urine, serum, plasma and saliva. It is considered as the best available method for quantification of proteins, and is also expected to gain traction in the coming years.
Request For TOC @https://www.futuremarketinsights.com/askus/rep-gb-6626
The major players that are behind introduction of such trends in the market and are also ruling the global neurological biomarkers market are Quanterix Corporation, Qiagen N.V., Thermo Fisher Scientific Inc. ADx Neurosciences NV, Merck KGaA., Acobiom, Banyan Biomarkers, Olink AB INC., Bio-Rad Laboratories, EuroImmun AG (Sub. PerkinElmer) etc. There are many more trends in the market like mass spectroscopy and integrative biology. The coming years will project clear picture of the trend that will stand out and lead as a significant driver of global neurological biomarkers market.
FARGO, N.D. (AP) — The Latest on one of two suspects pleading guilty in the killing of a pregnant North Dakota woman. (all times local):
11:40 a.m.
A North Dakota woman has pleaded guilty in the killing of a pregnant neighbor so she and her boyfriend could keep the baby.
Thirty-eight-year-old Brooke Crews could face life in prison after pleading guilty Monday to conspiracy to commit kidnapping and murder, and lying to law officers in the death of 22-year-old Savanna Greywind, of Fargo.
Advertisement
Crews' attorney said she wanted to take responsibility for her actions, but Crews didn't offer details on how Greywind was killed. Authorities haven't said either.
Greywind was eight months pregnant when she disappeared in August. Kayakers found her body wrapped in plastic in a river. The baby was found alive in the apartment Crews shared with her 32-year-old boyfriend, William Hoehn. He's scheduled for trial in March.
Cass County prosecutor Birch Burdick didn't comment on Crews' plea.
___
10:15 a.m.
A North Dakota woman accused of killing a pregnant neighbor so she and her boyfriend could keep the baby is set to change her plea.
Thirty-eight-year-old Brooke Crews is scheduled to appear in Cass County Court in Fargo on Monday. She and her boyfriend, 32-year-old William Hoehn, have pleaded not guilty to conspiracy to commit murder and kidnapping in the death of 22-year-old Savanna Greywind.
Investigators haven't said how Greywind was killed, but Fargo's police chief has called it a "cruel and vicious act of depravity."
The baby was found alive in Crews and Hoehn's apartment in Fargo. Greywind's boyfriend says DNA tests confirmed he and Greywind are the girl's parents.
Greywind was eight months pregnant when she disappeared in August. Kayakers found her body wrapped in plastic in a river.
FORT LAUDERDALE, Fla. - While the City of Fort Lauderdale contains some of the most beautiful areas in all of South Florida, there's not much you can do with the tools of industry.
Those ugly metal control boxes at almost every traffic light are a necessary evil in that they provide a service, yet catch the eye in a most disturbing way.
But city officials are working to turn the unsightly boxes into works of art, while also discouraging vandalism and graffiti.
The "Box Wrap" program, first introduced by the Downtown Development Authority in 2015, uses vinyl material to cover the shiny boxes with images showcasing the city. Instead of using paint, the vinyl can be easily removed, if necessary.
The boxes are meant to have "in your face" designs to grab attention of those passing by.
Eight utility boxes along Riverwalk were the first to be wrapped, followed by five control boxes in the Flagler Village in downtown Fort Lauderdale.
According to the DDA, boxes along Broward Boulevard capture "highlights of the city that makes it a place you want to live, work, play and raise a family."
Boxes on Sunrise Boulevard reflect the activities and events that take place at the city's Holiday Park.
Copyright 2018 by WPLG Local10.com - All rights reserved.
A sea border between the island of Ireland and Great Britain is “the most realistic solution” to deal with customs issues post-Brexit, an Irish politician has claimed.
Dublin North-West TD Noel Rock, a member of the ruling Fine Gael party, said he believed the Irish Sea frontier was the “only genuine answer” to prevent the economic and poltical difficulties a “hard” land border would create.
However, the DUP's Sir Jeffrey Donaldson said the opposite was true – that a sea border could “potentially unravel the entire peace process,” and added: “There isn't a chance the unionists would go along with this.”
Speaking on the BBC's Nolan radio show yesterday morning, Mr Rock he believed a sea border would be acceptable to unionists “if we have a mature, sensible grown up approach” to the negotiations.
“Unfortunately the situation poses compromises no matter which way we decide to implement a solution. What I can say is that this is probably the most realistic solution that's being put forward. I think it is one of the solutions on the table.
“I think people need to understand and respect that while Northern Ireland is part of the United Kingdom, the Republic of Ireland is also part of a Union – the European Union.”
Mr Rock added: “Our biggest fear is that any potential solution to this problem could threaten the peace process, and I think what we want to see is a protection of the peace process – no economic border and a retention of the common travel area. Obviously we want the closest possible trading relationship with the UK.”
Asked how any new arrangements could threaten the peace process, Mr Rock said: “It is quite clear that the harder a border is, the more there is a risk of inflaming tensions I suppose, on both sides, and we want to avoid that wherever possible.
“I think it is fair to say that while there will be a political border between Ireland and the UK, as far as we are concerned there should not be an economic border on this island.”
Mr Donaldson said his Fine Gael counterpart's party leader, Leo Varadkar, had already ruled out a sea border option.
“The taoiseach has said that proposal is off the table. He made it very clear when we met with him in Belfast last Friday that the current Irish Government is not going to pursue the proposal of a border in the Irish Sea, precisely because it would be destabilising, it would undermine the peace process and it would drive a cart and horse through the Good Friday Agreement,” he said.”
“It would potentially unravel the entire peace process. There isn't a chance the unionists would go along with this. There isn't a chance the British Government would go along with this, so it is a non starter.”
Mr Donaldson said Northern Ireland exported four times more goods to Great Britain than the Republic – so protecting the trading link with GB was more important.
“It is all very well for Noel to talk about a border in the Irish Sea, but 73% of the goods that come in and out of Belfast port go to Great Britain. The idea that we would want to put a customs border between one part of the United Kingdom and the other, the place where we do most of our trade...it would be disastrous for our economy.”
By Luminous Jannamike
ABUJA – The Minister of Health, Isaac Adewole, has said Nigeria is yet to harness the benefits of family planning despite the recent scale-up of interventions.
He attributed this situation to poor access to, and uptake of family planning services and commodities among citizens.
Speaking during the official launch of three reproductive health documents/tools in Abuja on Tuesday, Adewole said: “Though, delivery and uptake of family planning services and commodities, I must caution that more work must be done to achieve our objective of ensuring that women are supported to make choices in their quest to meet their family planning needs.
“Currently, our modern Contraceptive Prevalence Rate is 16.0% which is low. Furthermore, unmet needs for family planning is high, it is estimated that 12.7% of women who wish to delay or prevent a pregnancy are not using any form of family planning method. These are clear indications that the country is yet to fully harness the benefits of family planning, despite the scale-up in interventions.”
The Minister further said that as part of efforts to reduce maternal morbidity and mortality, the government was promoting a number of initiatives such as training of health workers on life saving skills and family planning technology; scaling-up of Antenatal and Postnatal visits, and skilled birth sttendance; and promotion of Emergency Obstetric and Newborn Care (EmONC) services.
“We have also developed, disseminated and are implementing approved documents and tools on Family Planning/Reproductive Health programming. These tools will promote adherence to standards in the provision of information, services and commodities in line with subsisting best practices,” Adewole added.
Air Canada has apologised and offered compensation for bumping a 10-year-old off a flight, the boy's father said on Monday, after the Canadian family's story sparked headlines following a high-profile incident involving overbooking by US carrier United Airlines.
Brett Doyle said his family, who first tried unsuccessfully to check in his older son online, was told at the airport there was no seat available for the boy on an oversold flight from Charlottetown, Prince Edward Island, to Montreal, where they were connecting to a flight to a Costa Rica vacation last month.
The entrepreneur from Prince Edward Island said the family of four then drove to Moncton, New Brunswick, to catch a different flight to Montreal only to discover at the airport that it had been cancelled.
“I thought it was a joke, that there were hidden cameras or something,” he recalled by phone from Charlottetown.
Mr Doyle said the family contacted Air Canada, the country's largest carrier, in March, but only received an apology and the offer of a voucher worth 2,500 Canadian dollars (€1,762.50) after the story was published by a Canadian newspaper on Saturday.
Air Canada could not immediately be reached by Reuters for comment. An airline spokeswoman told the Canadian Press: “We are currently following up to understand what went wrong and have apologised to Mr Doyle and his family as well as offered a very generous compensation to the family for their inconvenience.”
Mr Doyle, whose family finally arrived in Montreal and was able to connect to Costa Rica, said he understood the public outcry after a 69-year-old passenger was dragged from his seat on a United Airlines plane in Chicago on April 9th to make space for crew members.
“People are fed up,” he said of airline overbooking. “You shouldn't be able to sell something twice.”
United's parent company, United Continental Holdings Inc, which is still recovering from the public relations debacle, apologised again on Monday for the passenger's forceful removal, while reporting quarterly earnings.
Mr Doyle said the incident on United Flight 3411, which spread rapidly on social media after being shot on video by passengers, resonated with his family.
“I . . . said things could always be worse,” he said after hearing about the United incident. “At least we weren't thrown off the plane.”
Reuters
CTV Vancouver
Nine months after the murder of 13-year-old Marrisa Shen, the person responsible remains on the loose – but police are hoping a new criminal profile will help bring her killer to justice.
On Tuesday, the Integrated Homicide Investigation Team released a number of behaviours they believe the murderer may have exhibited after Shen's death on July 18, 2017.
The killer may have withdrawn from social activities, missed work or scheduled appointments, attempted suicide or displayed suicidal gestures, and shown a keen interest in the media coverage of Shen's murder.
It's possible the person increased or decreased their alcohol or drug use as well, according to the profile.
"There continues to be a high degree of public interest in the homicide of Miss Shen," Cpl. Frank Jang said in a news release.
"I strongly urge anyone with information or anyone who may recognize these characteristics and behaviours in someone they know, to please come forward and speak with IHIT."
The criminal profile, which was developed in consultation with the RCMP's Behavioural Science Group, also suggests the unidentified killer might have lived near Burnaby's Central Park, where Shen's body was found, and uncharacteristically avoided the area after her murder.
Profilers believe the killer could have even moved away unexpectedly after Shen's death, either permanently or temporarily.
In their search for a suspect, investigators have already pored over thousands of hours of video and investigated hundreds of leads. Earlier this year, IHIT indicated it had a "list of people" that investigators believe have information on Shen's murder, but did not elaborate.
Anyone who has information that could help push the probe forward is asked to contact IHIT, or, if they wish to remain anonymous, Crime Stoppers.
Limestone Market: Overview
Limestone is a naturally occurring sedimentary rock. It consists of calcium carbonate (CaCO3) in its extremely pure form. Limestone is created by the accumulation of fossils of various marine organisms such as coral, algae, and molluscs and also by the precipitation of calcium carbonate from oceans, lakes, and other water bodies. It is available in various forms such as stones, aggregates, crushed, and also powders of different dimensions.
The shape, dimension, and size of limestone depends on the purpose of its use. For example, in agriculture, the limestone used is coarse or medium ground, whereas in building & construction, it is preferred to be utilized in its crushed stone form.
Read Report Overview @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/limestone-market.html
Limestone is employed as a raw material for manufacturing cement, steel, as well as lime, which are of commercial importance in a number of applications. The different variants of limestone based on its application include chemical lime, industrial lime, refractory lime, and construction-based lime.
Limestone Market: Trends
Limestone is used in applications such as construction & construction materials, water treatment, food & beverages, agriculture, plastic, and paper making. The market for limestone is predicted to be driven by the wide range of applications offered by the mineral. There has been a rise in the use of limestone in applications such as metal & paper manufacturing, steel production, and cement & glass manufacturing.
With rapid urbanization and industrialization, demand for cement has increased widely, which is expected to drive the limestone market during the forecast period. Another upcoming application of limestone is its usage in water treatment and agriculture as a fertilizer, since it is capable of neutralizing the acidity of soil and supplying sufficient calcium for plant nutrition.
Request Report Brochure @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=B&rep_id=24791
Limestone is also used as a substitute for lime in biochemical assays and construction activities to a certain extent. The market for limestone is likely to expand rapidly during the forecast period due to the wide range of properties it possesses.
Limestone reacts with acid rain and is known to wear away. Special care needs to be taken of buildings consisting limestone during adverse climatic conditions. This could prove to be a major restraint for the global market.
About Us
Transparency Market Research (TMR) is a global market intelligence company providing business information reports and services. The company's exclusive blend of quantitative forecasting and trend analysis provides forward-looking insight for thousands of decision makers. TMR's experienced team of analysts, researchers, and consultants use proprietary data sources and various tools and techniques to gather and analyze information.
TMR's data repository is continuously updated and revised by a team of research experts so that it always reflects the latest trends and information. With extensive research and analysis capabilities, Transparency Market Research employs rigorous primary and secondary research techniques to develop distinctive data sets and research material for business reports.
Contact
Transparency Market Research
State Tower,
90 State Street,
Suite 700,
Albany NY – 12207
United States
Tel: +1-518-618-1030
USA – Canada Toll Free: 866-552-3453
Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com
Website: http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com
Chairman David Tyler wants to make J Sainsbury the most inclusive UK retailer “where every single one of our colleagues can fulfil their potential and where customers feel welcome when they shop with us”. He agreed to co-chair Sir John Parker's review of the ethnic makeup of UK boards because he wanted to understand the lack of diverse leadership in British business.
The Parker review recommended that each FTSE 100 company have at least one director from an ethnic minority background by 2021. Sainsbury's has one board member of colour, Jean Tomlin. In making appointments, he says the retailer looks for people with specific business skills, combined, where possible, with a diverse background. “No shareholder will thank you for having a perfectly balanced board if that company is [later] going to get into trouble.”
President Nicolás Maduro launched the first ever government-backed cryptocurrency last month to boost capital and circumvent previous U.S. sanctions against the regime. Marcelo_Garcia Marcelo_Garcia/picture-alliance/dpa/AP Images
The small northwestern Quebec Town of Amos has been fined $100,000 and entered into the federal Environmental Offenders Registry after town officials pleaded guilty to violating federal polychlorinated biphenyl (PCB) regulations back in April 2015.
In a statement about the conviction, Environment and Climate Change Canada said an investigation found that the Town of Amos sold products containing PCBs in a concentration of 50 mg/kg or more, an offence under the Canadian Environmental Protection Act, 1999. PCB Regulations came into effect in 2008 and impose strict rules on equipment containing PCBs that are in use and storage to reduce releases of PCBs into the environment.
Amos officials pleaded guilty to a single charge under the Act on Jan. 29, 2018. The amount of the fine will be directed to the Environmental Damages Fund administered by Environment and Climate Change Canada, which is used for projects that benefit the natural environment.
Amos has a population of about 13,000 residents.
Related Course
Subscribe to our Newsletter! The latest environmental engineering news direct to your inbox. You can unsubscribe at any time. First Name *
Email * This iframe contains the logic required to handle Ajax powered Gravity Forms.
Attend the Environmental Regulation & Compliance training course at CANECT to ensure your organization's environmental compliance and due diligence. This course is being held May 8, 2018 at the CANECT Environmental compliance and due diligence training event in Vaughan, Ontario. Visit www.canect.net for more information.
Ten of the best nude heels on the High Street right now
By Emma Gritt
Holly Willoughby and Kate Middleton love a nude heel - here's the best on the High Street right now.
Wearing flesh coloured clothing can be hit and miss, but when it comes to nude heels, you'd struggle to find anything classier.
Leg lengthening and guaranteed to go with any outfit, what's not to like?
Here we look at some of the nicest nude heels available on the High Street and online right now - and they're anything but plain.
Source: TV Insider
Scott Fishman has a new interview with Natalya, who was promoting Sunday's Hell In A Cell pay-per-view and the new season of Total Divas, which premieres on November 1st on E! Below are a few highlights:
Having backstage drama with Lana during the recent WWE tour in China, which will be featured on the new season of Total Divas:
"I was ready to bodyslam her in China. She was asking way too many questions."
Tyson Kidd returning to Total Divas:
"Tyson came back to the show and jumped into a new role in WWE that he loves. So, we are both in happy places. But the first time I met Brie and Bryan's Birdie I was telling my husband, 'So much has changed for us. Birdie almost makes me want to have a baby.' Granted, I'm not in that place in my life yet, but Birdie is like no other baby I ever met. She is the best of Bryan and Brie. She is just so good-natured. I've never seen her cry. She could give any girl baby fever."
See Also Natalya On Chris Benoit Helping Her Get Hired By WWE, Why She Was Nervous Working With Nikki Bella
Setting a WWE women's record with this Sunday's WWE Hell In A Cell pay-per-view:
"Come Hell in a Cell, I would have had the most pay-per-view matches out of anyone in WWE history. I will surpass Trish Stratus' record. To know how hard I worked, and to get this opportunity, it's so great because 100 or so episodes later you see me achieve my dream. It's a great message for men and women alike that if you believe in yourself and don't give up, no matter how many times you want to throw in the towel, you can reach your dreams. Everything you ever wanted to happen can. You just have to keep going."
Natalya also discussed her friendship with Carmella, being afraid of heights, working with Nia Jax on Total Divas and more. You can read the full interview by clicking here.
Follow Raj Giri on Twitter at @RajGiri_303. Got a news tip or correction? Send it to us by clicking here.
The lovely Lisa Haydon stunned her followers by having a complete makeover as she went platinum blonde and carried her new hairdo like a boss! The leggy lass was never afraid to experiment with her looks during her single days and thankfully, continued it even after having a baby.
Check out Lisa Haydon's platinum blonde look and hairstyle below!
The stars will join Evgeny Lebedev and Dame Anna Wintour at the helm of the winter event.
Actress Cate Blanchett, stage writer Lin-Manuel Miranda and US Vogue editor Dame Anna Wintour are to host this year's London Evening Standard Theatre Awards.
They will join the newspaper's owner Evgeny Lebedev on stage at the glamorous December ceremony, celebrating the best actors, shows and creators in theatre.
Fleabag creator and Bafta-winner Phoebe Waller-Bridge will also attend as presenter of the star-studded event.
Phoebe Waller-Bridge with her award for Best Female Performance in a Comedy Programme in the press room at the Virgin TV British Academy Television Awards 2017 (Ian West/PA)
Blue Jasmine star Blanchett appears in Manifesto at this month's BFI London Film Festival and will soon return to the big screen in Marvel's Thor: Ragnarok.
Miranda is best-known for writing the music, lyrics and book for hotly-anticipated musical Hamilton, which has already been a hit on Broadway and claimed 11 Tony Awards.
Wintour said: “Co-hosting the Evening Standard Theatre Awards is an absolute highlight of my year, especially after such a brilliant season on the London stage.
“As my father once edited the Evening Standard and helped create these awards, I feel an especially deep personal connection to them.
“What an honour it will be to share the stage with Cate, Lin-Manuel and Phoebe, who have been responsible for so many unforgettable nights at the theatre—with many more to come.”
Dame Anna Wintour at Wimbledon (John Walton/PA)
Lebedev added: “If all the world's a stage, as a playwright once said, no city across that world matches London for the range, vibrancy and global reach of its theatre.
“Each year, our awards recognise and reward the effort, invention and scintillating talent that sustains this pre-eminence.”
The shortlist for the organisation's 63rd awards, which include prizes for best actor, the best actress, the best director and emerging talent, will be announced in November.
© Press Association 2017
Parents and other visitors to public schools will probably notice a common dynamic: High academic achievement and a positive school climate go hand in hand.
When we visit schools in Santa Barbara County, we frequently see examples of great campus climates supporting high achievement. Schools that are performing well academically have campuses and classrooms that are buzzing with activity, excitement and energy — generated by students who are fully engaged in their learning and eagerly interacting with their teachers.
We certainly saw these great climates while touring Orcutt Junior High and Jonata Middle School, the two California Distinguished Schools in Santa Barbara County this year. And the county's new Teacher of the Year, Kelly Choi, is quick to point out the value of attitude and atmosphere in working with at-risk students in the Dos Pueblos High School Academy.
“My strength is creating a relationship with my students built on honesty, trust and respect,” she said. “But mostly, I just kill them with kindness. My expectations are high, my curriculum is rigorous and my students' success rate is excellent. All this happens because everything I do is rooted in being kind and encouraging.”
This dynamic is also supported by a new study of California schools that are “beating the odds” by outperforming others that have similar demographics.
In this study of 1,715 middle schools and high schools, WestEd, a respected nonprofit research agency based in San Francisco, found that one of the best predictors of high student achievement is a “positive school climate,” as measured by how connected, motivated and safe students feel at school.
For students, “feeling connected” is a tremendous motivator, but no single method works for every student. That's why it's exciting to see the wide variety of ways in which connections are made. That could be through sports; performing arts or clubs; innovative academy programs or a special class; a school garden; or other activities at lunchtime and after school.
Some schools use a “buddy system” that matches a first-year student with an older one to foster mentoring relationships, which benefit the older student as much as the younger one. Other schools strengthen their ties with students and parents by performing as de facto community centers. All of these methods can contribute to student success by building personal connections.
Leaders of California public schools have worked especially hard in the last several years to keep delivering high-quality education to their students as the Great Recession has forced many budget cuts. These school board members, administrators, teachers and volunteers have done their best to maintain not only their academic programs but also the good atmosphere on their campuses.
When I visit schools, I am always impressed by the can-do, will-do, whatever-it-takes attitude of our principals, teachers and school staff at every level. Often working under less than ideal conditions, they work tirelessly to create a climate in their schools to keep students at the center and help all students succeed. When teachers like Choi “just kill them with kindness,” we see incredible results.
The WestEd study merely affirms what we already know: School climate matters.
— Bill Cirone is Santa Barbara County's superintendent of schools. The opinions expressed are his own.
Image via Unsplash.
English, we have pointed out repeatedly, is not a logical language. That hasn't prevented attempts to impose logic on it, from people insisting that you can't split an infinitive in English because you can't do it in Latin (a twisted sort of logic) to the phonetic movement, which argues that words should be spelled the way they sound.
Any system of spelling, called orthography, is a set of conventions of how to spell, capitalize, hyphenate, etc. words in a language to make it more understandable. The “rules” of English spelling have never been writ in stone, which is why we have “goodby,” goodbye,” and “good-bye” as alternate spellings. (Merriam-Webster recently dropped its preference for the OKhyphen in “good-bye.”)
ICYMI: Be careful when using the word “depose”
Samuel Johnson, in the preface to his 1755 Dictionary of the English Language, said: “When I took the first survey of my undertaking, I found our speech copious without order, and energetick without rules.” (That was merely the introduction to a sentence that went on for another 63 words. They wrote long in those days.) He tried to create order, but one result was things like “energetick.”
Noah Webster tried to impose a little more logic by changing some English spellings—to American. In his Compendious Dictionary of the English Language, first published in 1806, Webster dropped a lot of those “k” endings; eliminated the “u” in “colour,” “humour,” “favourite,” and the like; and changed a lot of “ce” endings to “ne,” as in “defence/defense,” and “s” endings to “z,” as in “economise/economize.”
The biggest movement to change English spelling began in 1876, not surprisingly in the halls of academia. The American Philological Association set up a convention for the revision of English orthography “in which the history of alphabetic symbolization was averted to, also the confusion therein caused by the Norman conquest; and the need of some conventional phonic system argued.” (They also wrote pompously in those days.) The members “unanimously agreed that the time has come for a permanent organization to take in hand the actual reform of English spelling.”
Sign up for CJR 's daily email
One result of that movement was that Joseph Medill, then–publisher of the Chicago Tribune, adopted some of those newfangled spellings. (You were wondering when we would get to journalism, weren't you?) Among them were “thru,” “catalog,” “gard,” and “tho.” They had the added advantage of saving the lead needed to set the extra letters in those words, and thereby saving costs.
ICYMI: Newspaper editor behind rebellious series loses his job
In the early 20th century, many changes suggested by a Simplified Spelling Board got the backing of Andrew Carnegie, Mark Twain, and President Theodore Roosevelt, but were ridiculed by Congress. Still, the Tribune persisted: Col. Robert McCormick, its legendary publisher, decreed that words like “burocrat,” “clew,” “drouth,” “hocky,” “skilful,” and “thoro” would be so spelt. Um, spelled. The Tribune finally gave up most of those ghosts in 1975 and resumed more “standardized” spelling.
You would have thot that that would be the end of it, but no. The early 20th-century movement lives on, revitalized as the English Spelling Society. It advocates for increased literary through a system where individual letters represent individual sounds, so we won't have words like “though,” “rough,” and “through,” which have the same letters at the end but are pronounced very differently. And they want to conker not just American English, but English thruout the world. The group's first International Congress was scheduled to be held via webinar this week.
Don't hold out a whole lot of hope, though. It's one thing to decree that something should be spelled a certain way; it's another to get people to do it.
“As soon as there is established authority for simple spelling,” Col. Charles Sprague, the treasurer of the Simplified Spelling Board, said in 1906, “then people will not be afraid of being considered ignorant when they use the new form.”
Sadly, or not, there is still no “established authority” for English, unlike the Académie Française, which regulates French spelling. Of course, the Académie has also tried to ban “buzz,” “hashtag,” and “deadline” as not being French. And failed.
Remember that whenever you see spellings like “ocurence” or “miniscule.” They might someday be more “right” than you think.
ICYMI: Eleven newsletters to subscribe to if you work in media
Has America ever needed a media watchdog more than now? Help us by joining CJR today
Merrill Perlman managed copy desks across the newsroom at The New York Times, where she worked for 25 years. Follow her on Twitter at @meperl.
With the changing lifestyles across the globe, the food habits of people are also changing. The onset of sedentary as well as hectic lifestyle has changed the way people consumer food. The food preferences have been altered, thus inclining consumers towards easy to eat and serve food and snacks. One of the most loved food item is cheese snack. Cheese snacks are consumed across the globe considering cheese being a fulfilling food item and is consumed at short snack time periods. Altering taste preferences and growing westernization are also responsible for the rising intake of cheese snacks across the globe. As a result, the global cheese snacks market is expected to rise at a CAGR of 5.2% from 2017 to 2025. Insights like these have been presented in a new report by Persistence Market Research titled “Cheese Snacks Market: Global Industry Analysis (2012 – 2016) & Forecast (2017 – 2025).”
Request Sample Report @ https://www.persistencemarketresearch.com/samples/22366
Growing Preference of Savory Snacks to Bode Well for the Market
Tiring schedules and arduous lifestyles are diminishing the time spent on preparing healthy and nutritious meals. Skipping breakfasts and lunches these days is a common phenomenon amongst consumers who are trying to keep pace with the hectic lifestyle. As a result, easily available and convenient food items such as snacks have become a likeable and preferred option amongst almost all age group of consumers. Furthermore, traditional snacks are being remodeled in all regions and are heavily influenced by the trend for innovative flavors. Cheese snacks have been popular in regions such as North America and Europe, and now, the demand for cheese snacks has spread across the world.
The most frequently consumed cheese snacks are savory snacks such as extruded snacks and salted chips. Frozen and processed cheese are also gaining popularity, because they fulfill many objectives of the consumers such as inexpensive food which can be refrigerated and eaten at will, food which is equally tasty and savory, and satiates hunger. Despite the awareness and trend for junk-free food gaining traction, consumer addiction for cheese and other junk food items is expected to drive the growth of the cheese snacks market over the course of the forecast period.
Request to View TOC and Sample of Research Report @ https://www.persistencemarketresearch.com/research/cheese-snacks-market/toc
Baked Products to Gain Prominence Among Consumers
With consumers becoming more health consciousness and aware of the type of food they should eat ad diet they should follow, the demand for healthy snack options is increasing at a rapid rate. As a result, many consumers prefer baked item over fried while trying to avoid oil and fat. Cheese owns the tag of a ‘naturally functional whole food'. Hence, numerous manufacturers are marketing cheese snack as a health snack. In the recent past, cheese had been deemed as a culprit for cardiovascular diseases, and was also linked to other junk food related health issues.
However, recent advancements in scientific research have shed light on the nutrient profile of cheese, calling it a nutritional food product with proteins. Such growing awareness has ultimately led consumers to buy more cheese products. In some regions, cheese itself is often consumed as a snack. The consumption of cheese triangles, slices, dried pieces of cheese, etc., is very common in regions such as North America and Europe. In a nutshell, the demand for cheese perfectly complements the heavy snacking trend, fuelling the growth of the cheese snacks market.
Companies to Focus on Taste and Quality
In order to stay competitive in the market, players are focusing on enhancing the taste and quality of the food products in order to attract health conscious consumers as well. Some of the leading companies operating in the market are Sargento Foods Inc., PepsiCo, Inc., McCain Foods Limited, TINE SA, UTZ Quality Foods, LLC., ITC Limited, and General Mills, Inc.
Read Report Overview @ https://www.persistencemarketresearch.com/market-research/cheese-snacks-market.asp
0:45 New Year's Eve in uptown Charlotte Pause
4:15 Roy Cooper sworn in as NC governor minutes after midnight
11:06 Cooper on HB2: 'Today, the legislature had the chance to do the right thing for NC and they failed'
4:57 HB2 repeal deal - What happened?
1:00 Cam Newton after season-ending loss: I need a rest, time away
3:36 Son Rae Carruth once wanted dead is making progress in physical therapy
0:52 Shoppers seek sales at area malls
1:23 Curry Laksa at Co Charlotte
1:45 Should 16- and 17-year-olds be in solitary confinement?
A flight simulator artificially reconstructs the situation and other elements of flying for pilot training purposes belonging to civil and military background. It is extensively used for learning flying skills and enhancing reaction awareness during emergency situations. Global flight simulator market is anticipated to grow significantly owing to adoption of virtual training, need of cost-effective pilot training, and reduction of military budgets. However, complex nature of flight simulator might hinder the market growth. Evolution of simulators of unmanned aerial system would provide lucrative opportunities for the market. North America was the largest revenue generating segment in 2016. However, Asia-Pacific is anticipated to lead the market in terms of market growth during the forecast period. Flight simulator market is in its nascent stage and vendors are competing over quality and reliability of the product. Technological innovation is the key strategy adopted by market vendors to establish a strong foothold within the market.
Flight Simulator Market Research Objective
To define the scope and simplify the research study based on product, application, and region.
• Estimate the current market size and forecast the same for the period (2017-2024).
• Market share by revenue for each segment and region analyzed.
• To provide insights on the major market dynamics (drivers, restraints & opportunities) and their impact analysis for the forecast period.
• Micro and macro level analysis of the market to elucidate lucrative investment opportunities.
• Porter's five forces analysis to deliver a comprehensive buyer-seller scenario and the state of business environment.
• Identification of the flight simulator market trends in current scenario and its growth indicators.
• Benchmarking leading vendors in the flight simulator industry based on their strategic attempts, financial status, and other internal and external parameters.
Request Sample Copy of the Report@www.esticastresearch.com/market-reports/flight-simulator-market/request-sample
Flight Simulator Market Segmentation
By Product
• Full Flight Simulator (FFS)
• Fixed Flight Training Devices (FTD)
By Application
• Military & defense
• Civil
Flight Simulator Market By Region
• North America
• Europe
• Asia-Pacific (APAC)
• Rest of the World
Offered Customization
For this specific report, we offer 20% of free customization in order to deliver a tailored research report that specifically covers areas of client's interest in the flight simulator market. Following are some most desired customization offers on this report:
Geographical Customization
Split of the regional market into specific countries as per client's research requirements.
Further breakdown of the major segments into sub-segments (as per request).
Vendor Profile Customization
Further exhaustive analysis of additional companies operating in the market as per request.
Distinctive Requirements
Research report on flight simulator market covering specific country/region only.
Requests for data tables only (specific requirement to quantitative research).
Request for Customized Report @www.esticastresearch.com/market-reports/flight-simulator-market/request-customise-form
About Esticast Research &Consulting :
Esticast Research & Consulting is a research firm providing research reports on various industries with a unique combination of authenticity, extensive research, and infallibility. We provide syndicated market research reports, customization services, and consulting services to help businesses across the world in achieving their goals and overcoming complex challenges. We specialize in providing 360 degree view of the markets to assist clients in determining new opportunities and develop business strategies for the future with data and statistics on changing market dynamics.
Esticast Research & Consulting has expert analysts and consultants with an ability to work in collaboration with clients to meet their business needs and give opportunities to thrive in a competitive world. A comprehensive analysis of industries ranging from healthcare to consumer goods and ICT to BFSI is provided by covering hundreds of industry segments. The research reports offering market forecasts, market entry strategies, and customer intelligence will help clients across the world in harnessing maximum value on their investment and realize their optimum potential.
Contact
Esticast Research & Consulting
410 State Route 57 East,#206, Washington, NJ 07882
Tel: 1-908-379-7709
Fax: 1-908-379-7709
Email: help@esticastresearch.com
/ Front page / News
Update: 3:54PM THE heavy rain warning remains in force for the whole of the Fiji group.
The special weather bulletin issued from the Nadi weather forecasting centre at 2pm today cited an active trough of low pressure with associated cloud and rain that remained slow moving over the northern parts of the country, and gradually moving southwards onto the rest of the group.
For Vanua Levu, Taveuni and nearby smaller islands, and northern Lau group, there is a forecast of periods of rain that will be heavy at times and squally thunderstorms.
Occasional rain, heavy at times and few thunderstorms, have been forecast for the Yasawa group, northern and eastern parts of Viti Levu and the Lomaiviti group, with rain becoming frequent from tonight.
For the rest of the country, the weather centre has forecast cloudy periods with some showers, which is expected to increase to rain and become frequent and heavy at times from tonight. The weather office has also warned of localised heavy rain that may lead to flash flooding.
A new cafe is opening in Kettering to offer support to dementia and Alzheimer's sufferers and their carers.
The Rotary Club of Kettering has set up and sponsored the cafe at the Keystone Centre in Rockingham Road, after a similar cafe run by the Alzheimer's Society closed due to a loss of funding.
The cafe has been created to provide social and supportive get-togethers for carers.
There will be entertainment and free cake and refreshments at the two-hour sessions which will run from 2pm to 4pm on the second Thursday of each month, starting on February 8.
Rotary Club members Yvonne Robinson and Dennis Bowden, who have been getting the cafe set up, say they have enlisted the help of volunteers with experience in the mental health sector.
For more information contact Yvonne Robinson on 07866 367964.
BISHOPVILLE, S.C. (AP) — A coroner says the seven inmates killed during a South Carolina prison riot earlier this month all bled to death from stab wounds.
Lee County Coroner Larry Logan said Tuesday all the inmates had several stab or cutting wounds inflicted inside Lee Correctional Institution on April 15 and 16.
Authorities say inmates in three wings of the maximum-security prison fought uninterrupted for several hours in a battle over territory and contraband. Inmates reported seeing fellow prisoners slowly die as prison officials tried to gather enough people to restore order.
At least 20 inmates have been killed by other inmates in South Carolina prisons in the past 16 months.
Advertisement
The State Law Enforcement Division continues to investigate the riot. No charges have been filed.
Twenty-two inmates were hurt.
13-time Formula 1 grand prix winner David Coulthard put in a stunning performance to eclipse 19 fellow superstars of motor sport and win the Race Of Champions for the second time on a thrilling afternoon of non-stop action and entertainment at Riyadh's King Fahad International Stadium.
Following Team Germany's triumph in last night's ROC Nations Cup, all cooperation went out of the window today. The individual Race Of Champions pitted some of the world's best drivers in a range of identical cars – including the Vuhl 05 ROC Edition, Ariel Atom Cup, Xtreme Pickup, Whelen NASCAR, KTM X-Bow Comp R and the ROC Car – on a purpose-built parallel track featuring ROC's iconic crossover bridge.
On a sunny afternoon in Riyadh, the best-of-three Grand Final boiled down to a battle between two legends of motorsport. But in the end Coulthard saw off double World Rallycross Champion Petter Solberg in two straight heats to become Champion of Champions for the second time.
Solberg had never been in the Race Of Champions Grand Final before. Coulthard, by contrast, won the Champion of Champions crowns in 2014 in Barbados and reached the Grand Final at Wembley in 2008 when he was pipped by Sébastien Loeb. This time it was the Scotsman's turn for more glory again.
Afterwards a delighted Coulthard said: “I had to work hard out there and my heart is beating hard now! So thanks to Petter for a great race. He's a great sport and a great champion. When I went out of the ROC Nations Cup yesterday after winning just one race out of three my son switched off the TV because he thought ‘Daddy's too old' so I'm delighted to show him experience can be a good thing too… Today I pushed hard but it's also about being clean. I touched the wall once over the course of the day but other than that I kept it on the track.
“It's great to have been part of the first Race Of Champions here in Riyadh. It's been a nice atmosphere and the people in the crowd have been treated to non-stop action. So thank you to Fredrik Johnsson and his team for yet another great event. To be honest I'm always surprised when Fredrik invites me because I don't race any more, but I'm delighted when he does. The camaraderie with all the other drivers is special and we've had a wonderful welcome here.”
Solberg added: “First of all, congratulations to David. I was doing everything I could to win it, but it wasn't quite enough today. David drove very well and he has the right mentality so this was very well deserved. He's a better circuit driver than me, that's for sure. I still like to be a bit more sideways!
But I'm proud and happy to make it to the final against such a strong field. “I've been coming to the Race Of Champions for many years. It's incredible to get all these great drivers together and it was a great atmosphere again this time. So thank you to everyone watching in the stadium and around the world. We've been made to feel really welcome and the passion from everyone involved has been clear. Fredrik and his team have done a fantastic job. I always enjoy this event and I'll be back…”
In the semi-finals, Coulthard beat ‘Mr Le Mans' Tom Kristensen, who has been the Race Of Champions runner-up six times and still awaits his first ROC Champion of Champions crown. The other race saw the end of a spirited run by 2017 FIA World Rallycross Champion Johan Kristoffersson, who was beaten by his rallycross team-mate Solberg.
Kristensen earlier avenged last year's Grand Final defeat by putting out the reigning ROC Champion of Champions Juan Pablo Montoya in the quarter-finals. Coulthard defeated 2014 Indianapolis 500 winner Ryan Hunter-Reay to join him in the next round.
The quarter-finals proved an unhappy round for the American open-wheel specialists as 2017 IndyCar Champion Josef Newgarden crashed out to allow Kristoffersson an easy run through. Finally Solberg defeated Sweden's FIA European F3 runner-up Joel Eriksson to complete the semi-final line-up.
The drivers were earlier split into four groups of four, battling for the right to take part in the knockout stages.
Montoya dominated Group A with three wins out of three, while Hunter-Reay pipped fellow Indianapolis 500 winner Helio Castroneves to the runner's up spot in the group after a very tight finish in their heat. That meant the Brazilian – who made last night's ROC Nations Cup final for Team Latin America – exited the tournament alongside Mexico's European Le Mans Series Champion Memo Rojas.
Coulthard was the man on top in Group B, going through with a perfect record of three wins. He was joined in the quarter-finals by Kristensen on two wins. McLaren World's Fastest Gamer Rudy van Buren failed to progress despite a fine win against 2017 Le Mans 24 Hours winner Timo Bernhard. Following his victory in yesterday's ROC Nations Cup for Team Germany, Bernhard couldn't repeat the feat today and he also went out at this stage.
Group C was the tightest of them all, featuring three of the reigning champions from major motorsport series. In the end three drivers all ended up on two wins each, but Kristoffersson and Eriksson made it through on fastest lap times at the expense of 2017 DTM Champion René Rast, fresh from his triumph in the ROC Nations Cup. 2017 European F3 Champion Lando Norris suffered a crash in his first race and also failed to progress.
Solberg stormed through Group D with three victories, and he was joined in the final stages by Newgarden. ROC Factor Saudi Arabia winner Ahmed Bin Khanen won the battle of the home heroes against WRC2 Rally winner Yazeed Al-Rajhi, but it was not enough for either of them to stay in the competition.
Kicking off the afternoon's action, eight of the drivers were matched up in pairs for a series of Round 1 play-offs. Yesterday's inaugural eROC winner Enzo Bonito went out at this stage at the hands of fellow simracer van Buren. Abraham Calderon was defeated by fellow countryman Rojas while ROC Factor competitors Mansour Chebli and Khaled Al Qubaisi were also knocked out.
Earlier the drivers took part in the ROC Skills Challenge, a special course set up near the King Fahad International Stadium featuring chicanes, slaloms, 360° turns and parallel parking. There was an early triumph for World Rallycross Champion Johan Kristoffersson who came out on top, beating Juan Pablo Montoya into second place.
There was also a virtual competition featuring simracers from the inaugural eROC and some of the professional racers. Montoya's team of Eriksson, Kristoffersson, Kevin Leaune and Brendon Leigh came out on top, defeating Coulthard's crew of Rast, Newgarden, Enzo Bonito and Alexander Dornieden. The Colombian then beat Solberg in a simracing head-to-head for good measure…
Before the racing the drivers unfurled a banner in conjunction with the institute for advanced research into brain and spinal cord injuries ICM in honour of ROC's absent friend (and six-time ROC Nations Cup winner) Michael Schumacher as he continues his recovery from his skiing accident.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Benik Afobe admits he cried with happiness when he was told that, with just twenty minutes remaining of the transfer window, his move back to Wolves was back on.
Many a Wanderers fan would have woken up to the news that Afobe had arrived back at Molineux, such was the lateness of the loan agreement.
Having left the old gold club two years ago for Bournemouth, the striker was finally given the green light by Eddie Howe to return for the remainder of the season.
The drama of deadline day provided plenty of worriment for Afobe, who revealed that he actually shed tears of relief when given the nod.
Wolves vs Sheffield United: TV details, team news, predicted XIs, boss thoughts, betting odds
“I was on, then off, then on, then off, then on again with 20 minutes to go, so it was stressful,” he told BBC WM.
“I've had two serious career-threatening injuries in football before, but that six hours was probably the most difficult of my life because that's how much I wanted to come back to Wolves.
“I think I've played one 90 minutes this season in the Premier League, so it's been tough for me mentally but I've got good people around me and for me to have come back here it meant a lot.
“I was in my car crying when they told me the deal was on with 20 minutes to go because I knew there was no going back now in the sense of them cancelling or the deal not being on again.”
No deal
Wolverhampton Wanderers chose to pull the plug on negotiations regarding a deal for Felix Beijmo, it is being reported in Sweden.
The full-back, who turned on deadline day itself, plays for Djurgardens in the top tier of Swedish football and attracted interest from Germany in the transfer window, too.
He played 26 times in the Swedish Allsvenskan season last year, scoring twice.
Beijmo cost Djurgardens Just under £450,000 last season when they snapped him up from second tier champions Brommapojkarna and is considered to be one of the brightest emerging talents in his position in Sweden.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Wanderers, who brought in Ben Stevenson, Benik Afobe and Rafa Mir to strengthen their forward line significantly in January, also confirmed the permanent capture of Diogo Jota from Atletico Madrid.
They also trimmed their squad, with Ben Marshall and Lee Evans leaving on loan.
In the current right-back role that Beijmo occupies, Nuno Espirito Santo has regular Matt Doherty while Dominic Iorfa remains out on loan at Ipswich.
But reports in Sweden suggest that they came close to agreeing a move for Beijmo, only to decide against the transfer late in the window.
All you need to know
Match details
Kick off is at 5:30pm at Molineux on Saturday, 3 February.
The match has been chosen for live TV coverage - Sky Sports' programmes on Sky Football and Sky Sports Main Event will start at 5:15pm.
You can keep up with all the reaction with the Birmingham Mail.
Team news
Benik Afobe will be included in the squad after signing on loan from Bournemouth on deadline day.
Midfielder Romain Saiss remains out with a hamstring problem, after missing the win at Ipswich last Saturday.
Sheffield United have no new injury concerns following Tuesday's 1-0 defeat by Aston Villa.
Goalkeeper Jamal Blackman is undergoing rehabilitation from a groin injury with parent club Chelsea.
Wolves boss Nuno Espirito Santo says
“We don't base the game on the last game we had together. We look at Sheffield United as a good team, a team that is tough and plays a system of 3-5-2.
“We have to be ready for it, but it has nothing to do with the last game, everybody knows what happened but it was a long time ago, change has happened on both teams.
“Tomorrow, what we really want and will have is a Molineux supporting the team and we want to give back what we could not achieve in the last game.”
Wolves 'pulled out of deal after talks' for highly-rated defender - reports
Sheffield United manager Chris Wilder says
"I needed and wanted the options to be able to mix the team up from Tuesday to Saturday and it's common in the division.
"It's down to me now to pick the right team and system to get a result at Wolves, it's my responsibility.
"Jamal (Blackman) is getting closer to a return, he should be back here on Monday to train, having had his treatment at Chelsea."
Predicted XIs
Wolves: Ruddy, Bennett, Coady, Boly, Doherty, Neves, N'Diaye, Douglas, Costa, Jota, Cavaleiro
Sheffield United: Moore, Basham, Stearman, O'Connell, Baldock, Leonard, Evans, Fleck, Stevens, Clarke, Wilson.
Wolverhampton Wanderers news: Clear path to promotion; Plans to serenade Afobe; Transfer window conclusion
Who is the referee?
Darren Bond is the man in the middle.
The last Wolves match he was in charge of was the 1-0 win against Sheffield Wednesday in December 2017. He booked three Wolves players on that occasion - Ryan Bennett, Ruben Neves and Diogo Jota.
He will be assisted by Jonathan Hunt and David Avent. The fourth official is Eddie Ilderton.
What are the bookies saying?
Wolves 3/4
Draw 13/5
Sheffield United 17/4
Among the attendee experiences at the 2018 Las Vegas Corporate Invitational Destination Showcase was a chance to leave the bright lights, big city on an excursion into the history and landscape of the Old West in Nevada. Pink Jeep Tours took the group on a trip down Eldorado Canyon for a guided walking tour of the old Techatticup Mine. While attendees didn't find any new veins of gold, they enjoyed colorful stories of days gone by, a local Tex-Mex lunch, and stunning views of the red rock scenery.
For more on the 2018 Las Vegas Corporate Invitational Destination Showcase, held April 11-13, view the galleries from the education and golf events.
Video will play in Play now Don't auto play
Never auto play
There is no contingency plan if the fires are not under control by the time helicopters and planes have to stop fighting it at nightfall.
Selwyn principal rural fire officer Douglas Marshall said the goal was to contain the fires by tonight.
When asked by the Christchurch Star what would happen if the blazes were still out of control by nightfall, he said: "The goal is to contain it by tonight. At the moment there is no contingency plan - you'll have to ask me that in three hours."
Helicopters and fixed-wing aircraft have to stop flying at nightfall because of the dangers of power lines.
The fire was believed to have been contained by nightfall on Tuesday, but flared up again overnight.
Strong easterly winds have caused havoc on Wednesday, with evacuations in Worlseys Rd, and Kennedys Bush.
People living in Westmorland have been advised to prepare to move out. Many are.
Fourteen helicopters and two fixed-wing aircraft and 120 firefighters are trying to contain the blaze.
Marshall said if more resources were needed he would look at it.
Meanwhile, Marshall says the decision to bring helicopters in to fight the fire on Early Valley Rd was not made too late.
Continued below.
Related Content Video Watch: Families evacuated as wildfires continue to burn across Canterbury's Port Hills Editorial: Muslim ban arbitrary and foolish Road rage driver's lawyer pleads for leniency as she has 'already been punished' on Twitter
More than one affected resident said they were concerned that not calling in helicopters straight away may have allowed the fire to grow to the size it did.
Marshall said the matter would be reviewed at the end of the operation.
"In the heat of the moment we often get those comments that things perhaps could have been organised sooner and part of our review will have a look at that," Marshall said.
"At this time we are comfortable that we did call the resources appropriately and it's something we will look at and just check as part of our own processes in making sure we have done things right."
He couldn't immediately say what time helicopters were called in but didn't believe a chance had been missed to stop the fire getting as big as it did.
"There is always a combination of factors with fires and fires on hills are always challenging because of the terrain. Although helicopters have been our principle firefighting attack today, often ground crew can be more than adequate to meet the initial demands."
One of those concerned was evacuated Holmes Rd resident Graeme Causer who told media yesterday that if helicopters had been brought in earlier and locals' advice had been heeded, the fire might not have spread so far.
An Early Valley Rd resident, who declined to be named, said that while he was away on holiday in Northland when the fire started he was concerned at hearing reports that helicopters were not called in soon enough.
He was also disappointed that the Selwyn District Council did not have a water main going up the road which could be used by firefighters.
Marshall said the matter of the water main was something that could be looked at and followed up on.
- Christchurch Star
WASHINGTON – Antisemitism remains a problem embedded in Arab media, curricula and culture, despite efforts by regional governments to align themselves with Israel and against Iran, according to a US report published on Tuesday.
The annual State Department report, documenting freedom of religion around the world, lists several examples of Arab press outlets perpetuating conspiracy theories and blood libels against Jews. Clerical sermons throughout the region often include antisemitic diatribes. And students are still educated with antisemitic texts printed by the states.
One of the largest universities in Saudi Arabia, where the kingdom has suggested of late that Israel has a right to exist, “continued to teach a course on Judaism saying that Jews rely on three texts: ‘The Torah, The Talmud, The Protocols of Zion,'” a conspiratorial antisemitic text, the report reads. And “observers noted the presence of some antisemitic texts at government-sponsored book fairs during the year.”While one synagogue exists in Bahrain, where a reported 36 Jews remain, no houses of worship are available for Jews throughout the rest of the Arabian peninsula.Kuwait remains one of the 10 most antisemitic countries in the world, according to the report, which in turn cites the Anti-Defamation League. And Qatar, which has launched a public relations campaign in the US targeting its Jewish community, continues to push antisemitic messages through its media outlets.Media based in the Qatar “periodically published antisemitic material,” the report reads. “In June the government-funded Al Jazeera English website posted and then deleted a Twitter message featuring an antisemitic cartoon claiming a Jewish plot to deny climate change. In June privately owned Al-Raya newspaper published a cartoon showing a witch with a Star of David wand causing inter-Arab disputes. In July Al-Raya also printed a cartoon depicting an octopus with the Star of David on its forehead trying to devour the Aqsa Mosque.“In December, after the announcement that the United States would relocate its embassy [to Jerusalem], Al-Watan newspaper published a cartoon caricature of an Orthodox Jew standing in front of the Arabic word for ‘Jerusalem,'” the report continues. “In December cartoons published in a local media outlet used antisemitic imagery in its criticism of a Bahraini nongovernmental delegation to Israel as an act of betrayal of Arab nationalism.”Elsewhere in the Middle East, Jewish communities continue to shrink. The report notes that NGOs estimate only 50 Jews remain in Yemen, while only one lives in the entire country of Afghanistan, home to 35 million people.“There are small numbers of practitioners of other religions, including one Jew,” the report reads of Afghanistan. “Kabul's lone synagogue remained inactive, and a nearby Jewish cemetery was utilized as an unofficial dump.”
Each year, paint and chemical producer BASF releases its predictions for the future of car colors in a design book with 65 samples of what the company believes will be popular in the next four to five years in different regions. The company develops the samples based on a wide array of data, as well as observations of trends in art and design.For the North American region, BASF is expecting neutral colors such as black, white, silver, and gray to remain popular. Paul Czornij, head of design for BASF's color division, said the reasons for this could include wanting a car in a color that will appeal to buyers in the used market, but that it could also just be that people like the look of those colors. However, BASF also expects blue hues to gain traction. The company sees blue as a color representative of technology, but also of nature, both of which the company says are important issues and topics for Americans. Three colors consisting of two blues and a black were chosen as the most representative, with "Undercurrent Blue" highlighted. Czornij, said this about the color: "Blue continues to gain strength as an automotive color position, and it has a calming effect and a strong correlation with natural things, which is why we selected Undercurrent Blue as our key color for this region."The move toward blue is even evident in some of the neutral colors. Czornij said that whites have moved from being warmer, "off-white" shades, to cooler, bluer undertones. Other things to look out for in the future are paints with more pearl and metal flake, in part because they highlight aspects of the bodywork nicely. Also, while neutral tones will be the most popular, Czornij said that where there is color, people will be choosing more saturated hues, so we should see some richer, bolder paints down the road. Matte finishes aren't out either, as Czornij said about 10 percent of the colors they're presenting have a matte finish. He also said this amount is greater than in some years past.BASF predicts colors for the rest of the world, too, and it's expecting more color variety than the neutrals and blues of North America. For Europe, the Middle East , and Asia, BASF is predicting a desire for luxury, new spins on old styles, and individuality. As a result, the colors chosen to represent this broad region include a solid brick color, a matte gold, and a matte green metallic.
PHILADELPHIA (AP) — A judge in Philadelphia has denied Meek Mill's request for a new trial and the removal of another judge from the rapper's case.
President Judge Leon Tucker told Mill in a Wednesday hearing that he doesn't have jurisdiction over the matter.
The Pennsylvania Supreme Court ordered Mill's release from prison last month where he was serving a two- to four-year sentence on a probation violation related to a decade-old gun and drug conviction.
Mill's lawyers want Judge Genece Brinkley removed from his case. They allege she's been waging a vendetta against the rapper, including sending him to prison for the probation violations.
She has strongly defended her impartiality.
Prosecutors say they believe Mill should get a new trial because of questions raised about the credibility of his arresting officer.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Planning on sitting in this Bank Holiday weekend? Netflix has got you covered with loads of new releases.
Original Series
Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt: Season 4 (Now Streaming)
Kimmy gets a job at a tech start up, Titus pretends to have a TV show to impress Mikey, and Jacqueline starts a talent agency.
My Next Guest Needs No Introduction With David Letterman: Howard Stern (Available 31 May)
The ground-breaking radio personality takes the stage in the latest instalment of Letterman's in-depth, wide-ranging interview series.
Arrested Development: Season 5 (Now Streaming)
Emmy award-winning and Golden Globe nominated comedy series, Arrested Development, returns to Netflix for a fifth season. The first half, consisting of eight episodes, premieres on Tuesday, May 29.
In the aftermath of Cinco de Quatro, the Bluth family are all facing one question, that no one quite has the answer to; where is Lucille Two? As this Netflix (semi) original series, the Bluths are back together, and finally getting the award they think they deserve – for family of the year.
A development which will help Lindsay as she begins her campaign for Congress, to become ‘part of the problem'. But whatever happens, Michael will always come back to save the family. Probably.
You Me Her: Season 3 (Available 1 June)
The complex realities of polyamory and “throupling”: What happens when this peculiar rom-com fades to black? Can they prove their best, truest, happiest lives really are together, even when it's difficult and more conventional alternatives beckon?
Weekly Episodes
Busted!: Season 1 (Finale Episode This Friday)
A hilarious panel of Korean entertainment icons team up with some of the biggest names in K-Drama in this madcap whodunit variety show.
More “Keystone Cops” than “Sherlock Holmes,” each episode sees our cast of bumbling detectives solve a different mystery based on vignettes presented by famous Korean actors and comedians.
An overarching plot unfolds throughout the series, and the tension mounts as the panel edges closer to the awful truth.
The Break with Michelle Wolf (New Episodes Sundays)
She's one woman tough enough for the boys club. The Break with Michelle Wolf is a weekly half-hour series with jokes, sketches (like this one!), celebrity guests, and more. Now Streaming only on Netflix.
Shadowhunters: The Mortal Instruments: Season 3 (New episodes Wednesdays)
Based on the bestselling young adult fantasy book series The Mortal Instruments by Cassandra Clare, Shadowhunters follows 18-year-old Clary Fray, who finds out on her birthday that she is not who she thinks she is but rather comes from a long line of Shadowhunters, human-angel hybrids who hunt down demons.
When her mother Jocelyn is kidnapped, Clary is thrown into the world of demon hunting with mysterious Shadowhunter Jace and her best friend, Simon.
Now living among faeries, warlocks, vampires and werewolves, Clary begins a journey of self-discovery as she learns more about her past and what her future may hold.
iZombie (New Episodes Mondays)
When over-achieving medical resident Liv Moore attends a party that turns into a zombie feeding frenzy, she ends up joining the ranks of the living dead.
Determined to pass as human despite her pale appearance and newly listless demeanour, Liv forms a plan to resist her drive to consume fresh human brains by taking a job at a coroner's office, where she can secretly snack on the brains of corpses delivered there.
Soon discovering that she absorbs the memories of those she feeds on, she finds new purpose by posing as a psychic and working with a detective to help solve their murders.
Documentary
November 13: Attack on Paris (Available 1 June)
November 13 is a three part documentary in which Jules and Gédéon Naudet, directors of 9/11, explore the human stories behind the terrorist attacks that took place in Paris on November 13th, 2015. Following the chronology of the events, the documentary will share testimonies of the people brought together by tragedy, from the survivors, the fire department, the police and the leaders of the French government.
Trump: An American Dream: Season 1 (Now Streaming)
This documentary tells the story of modern America through the life of one man — President Donald Trump. The four-episode series shows how he has embodied many of the movements that have shaped American society since the 1960s, including capitalism, political disenfranchisement, reality TV and social media. The show traces Trump's rise in the 1970s, when he built Trump Tower, through his expansion into casinos in the 1980s, financial problems in the early 1990s, and turning his attention to politics in the 2010s, including his decision to run for the White House.
Share it:
Don't Miss
Spanning across the globe as one of the most essential ingredients in the world, saffron continues to gain surplus demand in both, developed and developing economies. Future Market Insights has recently published its report on the saffron market, specifically targeting countries such as the US, China, Iran, Belgium, Netherlands, Luxemburg, Germany, Italy, Spain, France and the UK. According to the report, more than US$ 360 Mn worth of saffron was consumed across these countries in 2016. The report further projects that saffron market for these targeted countries will grow steadily at 5.3% CAGR, bringing in an estimated US$ 617 Mn by the end of 2026.
In the report, titled “Saffron Market: Global Industry Analysis and Opportunity Assessment, 2016-2026,” Future Market Insights projects that rising demand for plant-based natural ingredients is driving the saffron consumption in these countries. Key findings in the report indicate that demand for saffron threads, in particular, is expected to be higher than other forms. In 2016, more than US$ 200 Mn worth of saffron threads were consumed across targeted countries. Demand for powdered saffron, however, is also gaining momentum, and is anticipated to register a value CAGR of 6.6% through 2026.
Request for Sample @ https://www.futuremarketinsights.com/reports/sample/rep-gb-1840
The report reveals that retail industry will continue to be the largest end-user of saffron in these countries. More than US$ 160 Mn worth of saffron is projected to be accounted by retail businesses. Nevertheless, the market will notice considerable rise in the end-use of saffron for production of cosmetics, revenues from which will soar at 5.1% CAGR. Consumption of saffron will also be driven by its function as a spice, herb, or a flavouring ingredient. And, nearly three-fourth of saffron revenues amassed from these countries will be accounted by flavouring & spice function throughout the forecast period.
Key highlights from the report on saffron market for targeted countries include:
Iran's saffron market will expand at 5.7% CAGR, and register substantial growth in production of powdered saffron
More than 90 Mn worth of saffron powder will be consumed in the US by the end of 2026
In UK's saffron market, medical & pharmaceutical industry will record revenue growth at 6% CAGR during forecast period
Request for Table of Contents @ https://www.futuremarketinsights.com/toc/rep-gb-1840
Demand for saffron will be low in Germany as the country's market is expected to be valued at just over US$ 4 Mn by 2026-end
The saffron market in France, Spain, China, Luxemburg and Italy will exhibit growth at less than 3% CAGR
Between 2016 and 2026, Netherlands' saffron market will showcase an incremental opportunity of US$ 2 Mn
The report also profiles leading manufacturers of saffron partaking in the markets across these targeted countries, namely, Safrante Global Company, SLU, Evolva, Rowhani Saffron Co., Hijos de Eustaquio Abad & Co. SL, Sara Nuts, Tarvand Saffron Co., USMS Saffron Co. Inc., Royal Saffron Company, Saharkhiz International Group Companies, Gohar Saffron, Novin Saffron Co., and Azafranes Machegos SL.
Report Overview @ https://www.futuremarketinsights.com/reports/saffron-market
These will make you hungry, and have you reaching for your camera.
The winners of the Pink Lady® Food Photographer of the Year 2018 have been announced.
A prestigious celebration of the art of food photography and film, “the competition was fierce”, says Andy Macdonald, who heads up Pink Lady in the UK. “There were 8,000 images entered from 60 countries and the standard was exceptional.”
Photographer Noor Ahmed Gelal, from Bangladesh, was crowned the overall winner, for his shot, Praying with Food. “Noor's shot stood out from the rest in its category, for the way in which he made the subject matter so fascinating and distinctive.”
Praying with Food by Noor Ahmed Gelal (Bangladesh)
Category: Food for Celebration (sponsored by Champagne Taittinger) and overall winner
(Noor Ahmed Gelal/Pink Lady/PA)
“Breaking the fast in congregation. A section of the Hindu community is preparing to break the day-long fast in one of the local temples at Swamibag, Dhaka, Bangladesh. They believe their fasting will redeem their sins.”
Here are a few more of our favourite images from the rest of the competition…
Raining Pasta by Ruby Smend (UK)
Category: 10 and Under
(Ruby Smend/Pink Lady/PA)
“I took this picture while we were making fresh pasta at home and hung it on a stick to dry,” says Smend. “It looked like heaven: Pasta raining from the sky.”
Green Beans by Andy Grimshaw (UK)
Category: One Vision Imaging Cream of the Crop
(Andy Grimshaw/Pink Lady/PA)
Sheep in Dakar by Guillaume Flandre (UK)
Category: Food in the Field
(Guillaume Flandre/Pink Lady/PA)
“Dakar is a busy and unexpected city. In the numerous street markets of the capital, you can find anything you need. Thanks to a local, I was able to go behind the shops, where they keep animals that usually can't be seen from the outside,” says Flandre.
Rex Bakery by Jade Nina Sarkhel (UK)
Category: Food for Sale
(Jade Nina Sarkhel/Pink Lady/PA)
“Straddling a gutter, I captured the bullet-stricken walls of one of Mumbai's oldest bakeries. The bakery churns out 18,000 paos a day, operating 24/7 selling bread through the keyhole counter overnight. Bread is given for free to those who can't afford it. It's places like this that knit communities together in India.”
Tapas Upon Tyne by Derek Snee (UK)
Category: Marks & Spencer Food Adventures
(Derek Snee/Pink Lady/PA)
“On a chilly winter's evening in Newcastle upon Tyne's International Christmas Market, an enthusiastic chef prepares warming Catalan tapas,” says Snee.
Family Dinner by Guillaume Flandre (UK)
Category: Food for the Family
(Guillaume Flandre/Pink Lady/PA)
“This is the last time my father and grandfather cooked together in his apartment before my grandfather passed away,” says Flandre. “I captured this scene on Christmas Eve, a moment when, traditionally, the whole family would gather to share a meal.”
Schnitzelberg by Oliver Hauser (Germany)
Category: Production Paradise Food off the Press
(Oliver Hauser/Pink Lady/PA)
Exmoor Beasts by Paul Steven (UK)
Category: On the Phone (in aid of Action Against Hunger)
(Paul Steven/Pink Lady/PA)
“Three curious and majestic highland cows on Exmoor in Somerset.”
Dog Shower by Grzegorz Tomasz Karnas (Poland)
Category: Politics of Food
(Grzegorz Tomasz Karnas/Pink Lady/PA)
“This picture was taken in the North of Vietnam. The dogs are kept alive by being showered during transport to the slaughter houses. It is around 45 degrees out there.”
Honeycomb and Wax by Becci Hutchings (UK)
Category: Student Photographer of the Year
(Becci Hutchings/Pink Lady/PA)
“Frames are placed into the bee hives to encourage bees to build honeycomb and fill with honey. Once filled, the frames are removed and the wax capping is scraped off using an uncapping fork. The honeycomb is then either broken off or the frames are placed into an extractor to withdraw the honey.”
For more information, see pinkladyfoodphotographeroftheyear.com
© Press Association 2018
X-rays are a part of natural electromagnetic spectrum and are formed artificially by reducing the speed of high-velocity electrons with the help of X-ray tube. X-rays have been used in medical and industrial applications since a long time. However, X-ray image sensors that are produced on glass substrates limit their application outside controlled environments such as hospital or doctor's clinic without extensive reinforcement.
Furthermore, the reinforcement considerably increases the weight and cost of the device, making it more unfeasible for far-forward applications in remote diagnostics. As glass substrates are intrinsically rigid, their usage in conformal and bendable X-ray imaging applications such as non-destructive testing (NDT) of oil pipelines is low.
Therefore, by implementing low-temperature thin-film transistor technology on plastic substrate-based OLED and electrophoretic flexible displays, manufacturers are designing light-weight and durable flexible X-ray imaging detectors.
Key factors driving the growth of the flexible X-ray imaging market include rise in demand of thin, light-weight, and robust X-ray detectors in general radiography, non-destructive imaging, and dental applications. Flexible X-ray imaging detectors are anticipated to be increasingly deployed in hospitals and remote locations in the future owing to their smaller and lighter structure, than conventional amorphous silicon-based X-ray detectors that are based on glass substrates. Furthermore, as flexible X-ray imaging does not require film processing or additional handling, it yields enhanced quality images within a couple of seconds.
New opportunities estimated to boost the flexible X-ray imaging market include the increasing demand for flexible X-ray imaging devices in the medical field. Flexible X-ray imaging is expected to be largely used in the future in static as well as dynamic imaging such as live surgical procedures and in pipe scrutiny to inspect fractures or cracks through dense objects.
PDF Brochure For Future Advancements https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=B&rep_id=37241
Several institutions have been consistently investing in research and development of flexible X-ray imaging in the field of medicine. In 2014, Holst Centre in association with Philips Research confirmed the world's first flexible X-ray detector model for X-ray imaging in medical applications.
The flexible X-ray imaging market can be segmented based on detector panel size, application, and geography. In terms of detector panel size, the flexible X-ray imaging market can be classified into small area detectors and large area detectors. Based on application, the flexible X-ray imaging market can be divided into medical, dental, veterinary, security, and industrial. The medical segment can be further categorized into static imaging and dynamic imaging.
Download TOC https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=T&rep_id=37241
The static imaging sub-segment can be further classified into general radiography and mammography. Similarly, dynamic imaging can be further divided into general fluoroscopy, surgical imaging, and others. In terms of geography, the flexible X-ray imaging market can be segmented into North America, Europe, Asia Pacific (APAC), Middle East & Africa (MEA), and Latin America. North America is expected to be a highly attractive region contributing to the flexible X-ray imaging market owing to the rapid technological developments in the region.
Players operating in the flexible X-ray imaging market include the original equipment manufacturers (OEMs) and research and development firms. Sirona Dental Systems Inc., FlexEnable Limited, Trident Labs, Inc., Plastic Logic, Inc., and Isorg SA are manufacturers of flexible detectors or sensors who design and supply components for X-ray imaging applications.
By John Lee.
Iraq's Ministry of Oil has announced final oil exports for March of 107,050,000 barrels, giving an average for the month of 3.453 million barrels per day (bpd), a slight increase from the 3.426 bpd exported in February.
The exports were entirely from the southern terminals, through 39 international companies, with no exports registered from Kirkuk via Ceyhan.
Revenues for the month were $6.435 billion at an average price of $60.114 per barrel.
February export figures can be found here.
(Source: Ministry of Oil)
Holly WIlloughby children: What are their names and how old are they?
By Alice Westoby
This Morning host Holly Willoughby and her husband Daniel Baldwin have three children together.
This Morning star Holly Willoughby is notoriously secretive about her private life with her husband, Daniel Baldwin, and their three children.
Her Instagram has given us a glimpse into her home life but we are yet to see any photos of her children which have their faces in.
But while it's unlikely you'll see any photos of them, Holly and Dan have happily shared with us their names and age updates over the years. Here's everything you need to know:
How many children does Holly Willoughby have and how old are they?
Holly has three children with her hubby, TV producer Daniel Baldwin.
She has a daughter and two sons aged nine, seven and three years old.
What are Holly's kids names?
Her daughter is called Belle Baldwin and is her middle child. She doesn't have a middle name.
She also has sons Harry James Baldwin, who is the eldest, and Chester William Baldwin, the baby of the family. She revealed in a recent interview with Made For Mums those weren't always the names she was set on though.
She said: "Harry was going to be Molly, Belle was going to be Chester if she'd been a boy, and if Chester had been a girl, we liked Daisy."
From Oct. 13-19, the Logan Center will host Returns, the first gathering of an extensive multiyear research project on Pan-Africanism.
The long and somewhat fraught history of Pan-Africanism—a worldwide socio-political movement that calls for solidarity between all people of African descent, both on the continent and those living internationally—is embedded in Chicago's South Side arts development. The project, entitled The Ties That Bind: Waves of Pan-Africanism in Contemporary Art and Society, will foster discussion between artists, scholars and curators in Chicago across three public forums over the next two years.
“Logan Center Exhibitions is thrilled to convene a stellar group of artists and thinkers to discuss the impact of the Pan-African movement on the arts and culture of Chicago,” said Yesomi Umolu, Logan Center Exhibitions curator. “Returns marks the first in a series of exciting conversations that we look forward to having with the city and the world over the next two years.”
The first of the three gatherings, Returns will feature panels, a roundtable discussion and film screenings. They are all free and open to the public. The dedicated website will gather texts, images, videos and viewpoints from the research and public events.
The Returns public convening will take place over two chapters. The first, from Friday, Oct. 13 to Sunday, Oct. 15, will feature scholar Abdul Alkalimat, scholar Romi Crawford, author and educator Haki R. Madhubuti, scholar Dominique Malaquais, artist and writer Naeem Mohaiemen, photographer Marilyn Nance and filmmaker Floyd Webb, as well as include an exploration of major Pan-African festivals of arts and culture that took place in the 1960s and 1970s.
The second chapter on Thursday, Oct. 19 will feature post-colonial theorist Françoise Vergès, who will lead a public roundtable discussion about the origins of Pan-Africanism and its role in the contemporary culture and politics of the African diaspora.
Funding for The Ties That Bind comes in part from a $50,000 grant Umolu was awarded last spring by the Andy Warhol Foundation for the Visual Arts to begin research on the project. Umolu plans for the project to culminate in a publication and final exhibition that will be presented in the Logan Center Gallery in fall 2019.
“As a highlight of our fifth-anniversary celebrations, The Ties That Bind reflects much of what we hope to achieve at the Logan Center, a locus for impactful and collaborative artistic innovation,” said Bill Michel, executive director of UChicago Arts and the Reva and David Logan Center for the Arts. “This project, and Yesomi's work with artists, scholars and other curators, fosters cultural engagement across our communities at the University, on the South Side and across the city of Chicago.“
For a full schedule of events, visit tiesthatbind.uchicago.edu.
The Dormaaman Education Endowment Fund spent more than GHȼ500,000.00 in support of brilliant but needy students in the Dormaa Traditional Area.
The fund, since its establishment by the Dormaa Traditional Council 16 years ago, had benefited 1,609 students that comprised 1,013 males and 596 females in the form of scholarship packages.
Osagyefo Oseadeeyo Agyemang-Badu, the Paramount Chief of Dormaa, disclosed this at the end of year party of the Traditional Council on Friday at Dormaa-Ahenkro in the Brong-Ahafo Region, saying the beneficiaries were in various senior high schools and tertiary institutions in the country.
In addition, he said, the Fund had awarded a scholarship of GHȼ50,000.00 to 100 students comprising 57 males and 33 females in senior high/technical and vocational schools and tertiary institutions for the 2016/2017 academic calendar.
Osagyefo Oseadeeyo Agyemang-Badu commended managers of the fund for properly managing it and advised the beneficiaries to learn hard to justify the support.
He said since education played critical role towards nation building, there was the need for the Council to ensure that nothing served as impediment to serious students who desired to pursue higher education.
Osagyefo Oseadeeyo Agyemang-Badu advised his people to bury their political differences and demonstrate unity of purpose to facilitate accelerated national development.
It's exactly 125 years ago since the first collection of Sherlock Holmes stories were published, and the rest as they say is history.
Saturday, 14 October marks the 125th anniversary of the publication of the first collection of Sherlock Holmes stories, The Adventures of Sherlock Holmes. Scotland, as the birthplace of author Sir Arthur Conan Doyle, is the ideal location for following in the famous detective's footsteps, with dedicated tours as well as the chance to explore Scotland's wider literary heritage.
In 2004 Scotland's capital city Edinburgh was designated the first UNESCO City of Literature. Sir Arthur Conan Doyle was born in Edinburgh in 1859, the beauty of the city provided the perfect inspiration for his writing.
Scotland is also the birthplace of other literary giants such as Irvine Welsh, Robert Burns and Ian Rankin. With such a literary pedigree, check out what's in store for literature lovers and would-be detectives in Scotland this autumn.
The Real Sherlock Holmes Walking Tour
Take a step back in time to Victorian Edinburgh, and join Sherlock Holmes on a magical walking tour to discover the hidden history and forgotten places where the Holmes legend really began. Learn about how, as a young medical student, Arthur Conan Doyle met the man who would inspire the idea of a new kind of fictional detective, and visit the Sherlock Holmes statue on Picardy Place, and site of Arthur Conan Doyle's birth. Ticket price: From £16 – See: http://realsherlockholmes.com/holmes-page
The Edinburgh Literary Pub Tour
In 1996 this award-winning tour was the first literary tour launched in Edinburgh. The guides will lead you on a brilliant and witty dramatic tour through the wynds, courtyards and pubs of Edinburgh's Old and New Town. Ticket price: From £12. See: www.edinburghliterarypubtour.co.uk
Scottish International Storytelling Festival, Throughout Scotland
Enjoy twelve days of storytelling events in Edinburgh and beyond between 20 and 31 October 2017. This festival demonstrates how the traditional art of storytelling is more vital than ever in connecting people worldwide, across cultures, places and generations.There are a wide range of performances, workshops, talks and children's events to enjoy. More information at: tracscotland.org
Dundee Literary Festival
This university-led five day festival – 18 to 22 October 2017 – celebrating words and ideas as well as books has grown in size and scope since its first appearance. Now, it programmes over 50 events –such as book launches, screenings and workshops- enjoyed by people of all ages. More information at: literarydundee.co.uk
Scott Monument, Edinburgh
Based in the heart of Scotland's capital city Edinburgh, the magnificent Scott Monument was built after the death of Sir Walter Scott in 1832. The city came together to agree on a fitting monument to remember this outstanding Scottish literary figure. See: edinburghmuseums.org.uk
JM Barrie's Birthplace, Dundee and Angus
Visit the birthplace of J M Barrie, author, playwright and creator of the much loved character Peter Pan. It was here that he spent his early years, growing up immersed in the traditions of the small weaving community, and finding inspiration in everything around him. nts.org
Robert Burns Birthplace Museum, Ayrshire
Enjoy a visit to the museum and enjoy a 21st century tribute to Burns. It houses the world's most important collection of Burns' original works and personal belongings, in a bright and modern building. burnsmuseum.org
Did you know? Literary Facts:
Printing and book importation were firmly established in Scotland when the first printing press was set up by Androw Myla and Walter Chepman in Edinburgh in 1508.
There is a 'Literature Quarter' area of Edinburgh which contains the Scottish Poetry Library, Scottish Storytelling Centre, Scottish Book Trust, Canongate Books, The Writers Museum, Makars Court and the National Library if Scotland.
There are more than 50 bookshops in Edinburgh, ranging from chains to independents, antiquarian to second hand. Some of these include the Old Town Bookshop, McNaughton's Bookshop and Gallery and Lighthouse.
The Scott Monument is the largest monument to a writer in the world. It commemorates Sir Walter Scott.
For information on Scottish Authors and Literature, please go to: www.visitscotland.com/see-do/attractions/arts-culture/scottish-literature/
For more information on the Year of History, Heritage and Archaeology go to: www.visitscotland.com/hha2017
The man believed to be the driver of the truck that hit Ironman Terenzo Bozzone, leaving him seriously injured, has been tracked down by police.
Bozzone is at Auckland City Hospital in a stable condition after he was struck by a truck on Waitakere Rd near Kumeu around 2pm on Tuesday.
Bozzone suffered facial and head injuries and a concussion.
Police said they have identified the person believed to be the driver and the man is assisting police with inquiries.
Advertisement
All of us at IRONMAN would like to extend our well wishes to one of our own, Terenzo Bozzone, who was injured while cycling in New Zealand today. Our thoughts are with him and his family and we hope for a full and speedy recovery. pic.twitter.com/xrGFGzNgO1 — IRONMAN Triathlon (@IRONMANtri) July 3, 2018
The Serious Crash Unit attended the scene, a police spokesperson said.
Police were making inquiries yesterday to speak with the driver of the vehicle involved in the crash.
International organisation Ironman Triathlon has responded with support for the triathlete, saying, "All of us at Ironman would like to extend our well-wishes to one of our own, Terenzo Bozzone, who was injured while cycling in New Zealand today.
"Our thoughts are with him and his family and we hope for a full and speedy recovery."
Fellow athletes have also sent good wishes, including cyclist Pedro Sanchez who wrote: "Sending my thoughts and prayers to an amazing athlete, friend and human being Terenzo Bozzone."
English triathlete Graham McKenzie said, "Sincerely hope Terenzo is ok. Wishing one of Triathlon's nicest guys a speedy recovery."
American triathlete Joe Maloy sent his thoughts and healing energy, and Olympian Nick Willis posted, "This is terrible. Hope Terenzo pulls through ok. Praying for you mate."
Ten-time Ironman Dave Carroll wrote, "Shocking news for the triathlon community. Thoughts are with this terrific Kiwi triathlete, hoping he makes a full and fast recovery.
"He was having an awesome year after finally winning Ironman NZ going just under 8 hours."
Oh nooo, another sickening crash & another cyclist left with serious injuries. My thoughts go out to Shore boy Terenzo Bozzone & family. Let's hope he pulls through. Let's give cyclists at least a 1.5m berth when passing & more in 80/100 kph speed zones. https://t.co/YBCiKeUw0g — Chris Darby (@DarbyatCouncil) July 3, 2018
Bozzone has won 37 international titles, which includes 23 Ironman 70.3 or half-Ironman distance triathlon titles.
He is married to Kelly Bozzone, and has a son called Cavalo.
A bill by state Sen. Hannah-Beth Jackson, D-Santa Barbara, that would prohibit the sale of used cars that are under a safety recall stalled in an Assembly committee on Tuesday, but Jackson vowed to continue the fight in hopes of moving the bill through the Legislature in January.
Senate Bill 686 was held in the Assembly Business and Professions Committee on Tuesday — no vote was taken — because the bill lacked the votes to pass out of committee.
“We lost the battle today, but I will continue to fight for this vital consumer protection,” Jackson said. “Californians who buy used cars should have the same confidence in the safety of the vehicles they're buying as those who buy new cars. And until they've been fixed so that known safety defects have been corrected, recalled cars shouldn't be on the road, and they shouldn't be for sale. It's as simple as that. This bill will prevent senseless tragedies and make our roads safer for all of us.”
Federal law already prohibits car dealers from selling new cars when they are under a federal safety recall. This bill would extend the same prohibition to the sale of used cars.
Testifying in support of Senate Bill 686 on Tuesday was Fe Lastrella of Vallejo, mother of the late Cleofe Lastrella Saylor and Chris Lastrella, grandmother of Mahala Saylor, and mother-in-law of CHP Officer Mark Saylor. Her family members were killed in a car crash in Santee on Aug. 28, 2009, when a used 2009 Lexus that a dealer in El Cajon loaned to CHP officer Mark Saylor accelerated out of control while his family was en route to 13-year-old Mahala's soccer game. The 9-1-1 recording of Chris Lastrella calling for help has been heard worldwide.
Although the car was not under a safety recall at the time of the crash, Lastrella spoke as an advocate for car safety as a result of her experience with the deadly crash.
“As a mother, and a grandmother, I cannot comprehend why anyone would oppose this bill,” Lastrella testified in committee. “Everyone should care about the safety of their customers. Everyone should be able to trust that when they buy a car, rent a car or are loaned a car by a licensed dealer, the car is safe. I hope and pray that you will vote for passage of SB 686. No family should have to suffer the type of horrific loss that we have been through.”
SB 686 will be amended to be named The Saylor-Lastrella Auto Safety Act.
“It's only a matter of time before California stops car dealers from engaging in recalled, used car roulette,” said Rosemary Shahan, president of Consumers for Auto Reliability and Safety, the sponsor of the bill.
SB 686 is supported by consumer groups, safety organizations including the Safe Kids California coalition, and the nation's largest auto insurer, State Farm. Its major opposition is the California New Car Dealers Association and AutoNation.
Click here to watch Jackson's testimony. Click here to watch the testimony of Fe Lastrella.
The bill was recently amended to delay its implementation pending the creation of a federal database of safety recall information by the National Highway Safety Traffic Administration. NHTSA is expected to issue a ruling on the federal database by this Sunday.
— Lisa Gardiner is the communications director for state Sen. Hannah-Beth Jackson.
Armor protection systems are used to protect armored vehicle and soldiers from enemy attacks. The global rising concern for security is resulting into the need for armor protection systems for vehicle and soldier's safety. The market is expected to witness strong growth during the forecast period.
There are several factors driving the demand for armor protection systems globally. The rising concern for terrorist activities in countries like Belgium, the U.S., and France among others has led to need for body armor and armor protection systems for the armed forces. Furthermore, these armor protection systems are flame resistant and shield the soldiers from heat during bomb attacks.
Moreover Kevlar body armors are light and extremely strong against bullet attacks. Hence these are also preferred for the defense and law enforcement agencies. In addition, the traditional body armor is gradually being replaced with interceptor body armor systems which include ballistic plates. The body armor system includes collar device which protects the collar and throat, groin protector, axillary protection systems, back extender, combat diapers, side plate carriers and upper leg protector.
The ballistic plate protects the armor from bullets from handgun and submachine gun. Furthermore it can also withstand lower velocity fragments. For vehicles, the armor protection systems are built with steel and heat absorbing materials which are soft and elastic in nature. These armor protection systems are even capable of countering anti-tank missiles, RPGs and roadside bombs. These factors are aiding to the growth of armor protection systems and the market is expected to grow significantly during the forecast period.
Brochure With The Latest Advancements and Application https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=B&rep_id=22076
However, there are certain factors which are pulling the growth of the market to a certain extent. These armors are very heavy and hence slows the speed of the vehicle and soldiers considerably which is risky certain situations. Hence the factor is posing as a restraint for the global armor protection systems market. Furthermore, the high cost of armor protection systems is hindering the demand for protection systems in developing regions like the Middle East & Africa and Latin America considerably.
Nevertheless, research and developments are being conducted to develop light weight yet strong hybrid armor protection systems. These protection systems will be capable of providing necessary protection from small caliber weapons and the new form of weapons such as biochemical weapons. Hence the market for armor protection systems is expected to grow significantly in future.
The global armor protection system can be bifurcated into types and geography. By types, the market can be broadly segmented into soldier protection systems and vehicle protection systems. The vehicle protection system is expected to dominate the global market in terms of revenue due to the increasing adoption of these systems by defense bodies in countries like the U.K., France and the U.S. among others. However, the rising threats of terrorist activities are expected to surge the demand for soldier protection systems significantly during the forecast period.
Table of Content For Detail Analysis https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=T&rep_id=22076
By geography, the global market for armor protection systems has been segmented into five primary regions which include North America, Europe, Asia Pacific, Middle East & Africa and Latin America. North America and Europe are actively focusing on using armor protection systems for their soldiers and vehicle and hence the regions are expected to be dominant during the forecast period.
However, the Asia Pacific and Middle East and Africa regions are also expected to drive the demand for armor protection systems in future due to the ongoing terrorist activities in countries like Iraq and Syria. Hence the demand is expected to rise during the forecast period.
The major players in the UAV surveillance systems market include Rheinmetall Defence, ArmourWorks International, AirBoss Defense, Force 21 Equipment P Ltd., C.P.E Production Oy, Clifton Steel and International Armor Group among other manufacturers.
COLUMBIA, S.C. (AP) – A South Carolina woman says she was raped daily for two months while chained inside a container by a man accused of killing her boyfriend and six others.
Kala Brown spoke to the TV show “Dr. Phil,” marking the first time she's talked publicly since her Nov. 3 rescue.
Brown told host Phillip McGraw that Todd Kohlhepp shot her boyfriend in the chest, then gagged her, handcuffed her ankles and wrists, chained her by the neck and raped her.
Kohlhepp faces murder, kidnapping and weapon charges. He is not charged with sexual assault. Spokesmen for the sheriff and prosecutor declined to address rape allegations or whether more charges are forthcoming.
The Associated Press normally does not identify victims of sexual assault but is naming Brown after she publicly identified herself.
(Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.)
2/14/2017 12:10:08 PM (GMT -5:00)
Paul Gambaccini said much of what he believed about Britain has been 'turned on its head'.
Broadcaster Paul Gambaccini has said his arrest as part of Operation Yewtree has changed his view of his adopted home.
The American-born presenter and DJ was arrested in October 2013 over a sexual assault claim, allegations which he denied, and spent a year on bail before being told he would not face charges because of insufficient evidence.
Gambaccini, who became a UK citizen in 2005, is taking action against the Metropolitan Police and Crown Prosecution Service.
He told Radio Times magazine: “The issue now is the future of my relationship with the British state.
“Not the British people, but so much of what I believed about Britain has been turned on its head.”
The arrest also inspired Gambaccini's new theatre show.
An Evening with Paul Gambaccini (subtitled The Great Gambo – the Professor of Pop) is a 21-date tour starting on April 6, which lifts the lid on the star's life story.
There will also be a Q&A with the audience and darker times will be discussed, including the Operation Yewtree allegations.
He said of why he is doing the tour: “Because I'm earning less from the BBC than I used to, why not make some money somewhere else?
“My husband's (actor Christopher Sherwood) agent knew someone who worked on Jim Davidson's tour he did post-Yewtree (2014's No Further Action).
“That had been successful so when it was suggested to me I thought, ‘Why not?'”
© Press Association 2018
WASHINGTON (AP) — Melania Trump is hosting executives from major online and social media companies to discuss cyberbullying and internet safety, more than a year after saying that would be her issue as first lady.
The meeting Tuesday marks her first public event on the topic, a choice some observers have questioned given that her husband often berates people on Twitter.
Amazon, Snap, Facebook, Google and Twitter are among the companies that are expected to attend the meeting. The Internet Association said it will also be represented.
All the major technology companies have strict policies prohibiting harassment and other bullying behavior on their services, but primarily rely on users to report abuses and weed them out. They try to clearly spell out the kinds of remarks and other posts that won't be tolerated in special sections such as one Facebook, the largest online social network, has set up. Instagram, a popular service among kids and young adults for sharing photos and videos, provides links to the U.S. government's anti-bullying site and tips from a cyberbullying research center on one of its help pages.
Advertisement
But the efforts so far have fallen short, leading to rampant abuses that even some of the companies acknowledge have driven away or tormented portions of their audience.
It got so bad on Twitter, which has 68 million U.S. users, that the San Francisco company vowed last fall to crack down on hateful tweets. Among other things, Twitter adopted new policies aimed at protecting women who unknowingly or unwillingly had nude pictures of themselves distributed online — a common bullying tactic.
Yik Yak, another messaging app once popular among high school and college students, shut down last year partly because schools banned it following complaints about bullying and harassment.
Online bullying takes many shapes, but some of the most common tactics include posting embarrassing or salacious photos, making demeaning or cruel remarks under a photo or in a general post about someone, and sharing screenshots of what at least one person thought was a private text.
Harassment is widespread and extends beyond teenagers. A Pew Research Center poll last year found 41 percent of U.S. adults believed they had been harassed online.
The popularity of and volume of content on major social media sites presents a huge challenge in policing what is being shared. Facebook, for instance, has 2.1 billion worldwide users who collectively share billions of posts on their pages daily. More than 300 hours of video is uploaded to Google's YouTube site every minute.
The companies are also constantly struggling to balance the desire to prevent harassment and other abuses and maintain a commitment to freedom of expression.
In some cases, they see harassment and still look the other way. For instance, some of President Trump's more vitriolic tweets have openly mocked and denigrated people, prompting calls for Twitter to shut down his account and ban him from its service. But Twitter has declined, maintaining the news value of the president's tweets eclipse complaints about him being a bully.
There is no federal law that applies to bullying. State laws vary, ranging from requiring public schools to have a bullying policy to requiring anonymous reporting systems, said Sameer Hinduja, co-director of the Cyberbullying Research Center and professor of criminology at Florida Atlantic University. The federal government can best help by giving schools more tools and money to provide programs, Hinduja said.
Mrs. Trump announced in a speech near the end of the 2016 presidential campaign that her priority as first lady would be to fight cyberbullying. A native of Slovenia, she at the time lamented a U.S. culture that she said had grown "too mean and too rough." It was a curious speech for a woman whose husband uses Twitter to dismiss people as losers and taunt them with unflattering nicknames.
The mother of a 12-year-old son, the first lady has made child well-being her focus in the White House, including an unexpected interest in how the opioid crisis is affecting youngsters.
She has visited hospitals and care centers to see the effects first hand, and has embraced parents whose children died from drug overdoses. She accompanied the president to New Hampshire on Monday as he discussed a three-pronged effort to combat drug addiction, including applying the death penalty against those caught trafficking highly addictive substances.
Mrs. Trump recently asked the spouses of U.S. governors to help promote values such as encouragement, kindness, compassion and respect in children. She has also spoken about limiting the amount of time children spend online, and helping them understand the content they are exposed to.
___
AP Business Writer Michael Liedtke in San Francisco contributed to this report.
___
Follow Darlene Superville on Twitter: http://www.twitter.com/dsupervilleap
Tag Metals relaunched earlier this month as part of the Group 6 USA, LLC, family of brands, and seven-time champ Bob “Hurricane” Hannah has joined the Tag Metals product development team as a technical advisor.
After retiring from professional SX/MX racing, Bob continued to race airplanes for several years. Now as a pilot and competitive bicycle rider, Bob's attention to detail and his technical knowledge makes him the prefect addition to the product team.
Eddie Cole, Group 6 USA CEO, said, ”Bob has worked with us on previous brands, first as a factory racer and as a technical advisor. Bob has been instrumental in helping us with Tag and we are really fortunate to have Bob involved with us.”
Hannah commented, ”Well, to be honest, l can't seem to get rid of these guys, so I'm involved in another project! Actually, we put together a great product line and the team has several new products already planned for phase two."
See the complete Tag Metals line of factory replica handlebars, grips, chains, sprockets, and accessories at www.tagmetalsracing.com.
The focus at the Supercheap Auto 1000 might be dominated by the headline Virgin Australia Supercars Championship, but New Zealand racers have also tasted success in the support categories.
The most notable of these drivers are Bathurst rookies Jack Milligan and Matt Spratt, who compete in the Australian Toyota 86 Racing Series and V8 Ute Series respectively.
Milligan, a debutant to Australian competition as well as Mount Panorama, qualified an impressive seventh for the first race of his weekend earlier this morning. He converted his speed into a fifth-place finish in race one, and then a stellar third place in race two - comfortably beating the other guest drivers.
"It was a good race. I'm obviously pleased, first time here and first time podium at Bathurst. It was a great race for the team and I can't thank them enough," he said.
Advertisement
"The first goal was to get in the top-10. We did that and obviously the next goal was a podium and we did that too. It's good for tomorrow's race then hopefully we can pick a couple off and go a bit better."
The Christchurch local, who won last year's Carevets Racing TR86 Championship scholarship in New Zealand, very nearly won the second race after diving around the outside of leader and ultimate winner Dylan Gulson. But the move didn't come off, and cost him second place to Jimmy Vernon.
"I don't think I'd try that one again! It felt alright to start with, but halfway round the outside I was going too quick."
Matt Spratt at the lead of the V8 Ute grid. Photo / Matthew Hansen Matt Spratt at the lead of the V8 Ute grid. Photo / Matthew Hansen
Meanwhile in the V8 Ute Series, Matt Spratt took victory for the Stoneman Race Tech squad - becoming the first Kiwi to win a race in the series since former champion Chris Pither. Though he's a frequent fixture in New Zealand's Portergroup V8 Ute series, like Milligan, Spratt is also a Bathurst rookie.
"I'm ecstatic. It's been a couple of hours, but it hasn't sunken in. People have been congratulating me. It's been a childhood dream to even get here and race here, let alone win, so I'm really rapt," he said.
"We've adapted really well. A big credit to Jake Stoneman, he's just built this ute. Last week it got finished. I couldn't even make the test because it wasn't quite finished.
"I came here, I hadn't even driven the ute, so it's been a little bit of a learning curve. I had to learn the car and learn the track."
Fellow Kiwi Peter Ward also scored a top 10, finishing 10th in his Ward Demolition Holden.
Spratt's win looked assured until a mid-race safety car bunched up the field. He momentarily lost the lead to Blake Sciberras, but then regained it at the end of the lap.
"I knew I had a couple of corners where I could pick him off. He out braked himself, I just turned into the apex and by the time I was down Conrod straight there was a two second gap behind me."
Both results come after fellow New Zealanders Andre Heimgartner and Jaxon Evans featured in Friday's opening Porsche Carrera Cup Australia race, finishing third and fourth respectively.
 Okanogan High School student Mariana Nieto has received first place in a statewide Spanish language writing contest.
The 20th annual contest for native Spanish speakers, “Escribo en Espanol,” focused on prose and was put on by the Center for Spanish Studies...
Hi Dad
28 Famous Musician Dads and Their Kids
Take a look through our gallery featuring Kanye West, Nick Carter, Louis Tomlinson and other musicians doing that other thing they do—being cool dads. Don't miss 'Who's Your Zaddy?' on Fuse where we count down the 20 Hottest Dads in Music and play movies featuring Hollywood's leading fathers on Sun@2PM
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Frustrated shoppers using a Sutton Coldfield car park have slammed changes which have led to enormous queues and lots of confusion.
Visitors to the Newhall Walk car park in the centre of the town have been caught out by a change from a barrier entry to a new automatic number plate recognition system – with just two machines available for payment.
At peak periods this has led to long queues to pay for parking, while other users have complained that poor signage and a lack of announcements of the changes has led to them being caught out with fines.
(Image: Chris Lepkowski)
The car park at the back of Aldi which serves the central shopping area in town has seen its barriers removed and its payment system change.
Chris Lepkowski who was visiting Sutton from Walsall said: “I queued up on Sunday (April 22) and due to the length of time it took me, I should have only paid £1.50 for one hour but the length of time it took me, I had to pay for £2.20 for two hours.
“People were really angry. And I resent people having access to my car details. They had a system that worked. Why change it?
“The car park was only two-thirds full. Imagine what it'll be like around Christmas!
“I will go elsewhere in future.”
Another Observer reader said: “We have just experienced the new parking charge arrangements at Newhall Walk car park. The old barriers have been removed, and now, as one drives straight into the car park, a camera takes a picture of your car registration.
“In order to leave the car park you have to queue to pay a fee at one of the two machines available.
(Image: Nick Horner)
"Only one of the machines accepts cash, however. You have to key in your car registration and make your payment at the machine, and then receive a receipt. We had to queue for about 15 minutes despite this being a Sunday.
“We shall not be parking here again since the wait is much too long. I do hope whoever is responsible for this new system will take note and implement a better arrangement.”
While others have been caught out, not realising the move to an ANPR system and being hit with £50 (rising to £75after 14 days) fines. A shopper who did not want to be named said: “I went in and there weren't any barriers. I drove in and drove out again.
“I didn't notice the signs. It smacks to me of ‘how can we make money out of people'.
“I think it's been underhand, what they have done.”
A spokeswoman from Jones Lang LaSalle, which manages the Newhall Walk car park, said: “The two existing car park cash payment machines have been upgraded to take card payments and a third card payment machine will be installed over the next week.
“Validation machines will also be installed in certain stores over the next fortnight which offer shoppers free parking subject to certain rules.
“Payment can also be made via an app ‘Newhall Walk Parking' or online at: https://newhallwalkparking.co.uk/#home . More signage will be erected in the car park which outline all of the payment options available.
“An ANPR system has been introduced to alleviate issues caused by having the barriers which frequently broke down causing traffic congestion and to introduce card payments to the site.”
Geordon Omand, The Canadian Press
VANCOUVER -- It took 45 minutes before search-and-rescue crews learned that 27 people had been dumped into the frigid waters off Vancouver Island after their whale-watching boat capsized in October 2015, the Transportation Safety Board says.
It was only by chance that a crew member spotted a flare floating in the wreckage and used it to alert nearby fishing boats, said Kathy Fox, head of the federal agency.
The safety board released its investigation of the capsizing on Wednesday, concluding that a large, breaking wave flipped the Leviathan II on October 23, 2015, killing five Britons and one Australian near the resort community of Tofino.
Fewer lives might have been lost had the federal government acted on safety recommendations that were made before the deadly accident, said Fox.
"None of the passengers were wearing life-jackets and, as they struggled to keep their heads and mouths above water in heavy swells, some passengers ingested seawater, oil and fuel," she said.
"When people find themselves immersed in cold water, every second counts, even more so in a rapid capsizing situation like this one.
"Disoriented, separated from loved ones and without any flotation aid, some of them panicked, were struck by debris or simply couldn't swim."
Fox said some of the fatalities might have been prevented had passengers been wearing life-jackets.
The report makes three recommendations, including that all commercial passenger vessels operating beyond sheltered waters carry emergency radio beacons that activate automatically to transmit a boat's position.
The board also recommends that passenger vessels across Canada adopt risk-management processes that identify hazards, such as areas known to have large, breaking waves.
In the days after the capsizing, the board said many passengers were standing on the top deck on one side of the ship when a large wave hit the opposite side, rolling the boat and sending the passengers and crew into the water.
The board's investigation determined that neither the structure of the boat nor the location of the passengers when the wave struck contributed to its capsizing.
Clinton Rebeiro, the investigator in charge for the board, said offshore waves travelling over a rising ocean floor and meeting opposing tides can cause waves to become higher or steeper, but determining when that will happen "is almost impossible to predict."
"The nature of sea and the process that combine to form breaking waves in shallow areas are complex," he told a news conference in Vancouver.
In the case of the Leviathan II, the wave was about the height of the top of the bridge, Rebeiro said.
Transport Canada said in an emailed statement it is reviewing the report and will respond within the required 90-day period.
"The safety and security of Canadians and those visiting our country are a top priority for the government of Canada," it says.
Court documents filed last year by Jamie's Whaling Station, the vessel's owner, in response to a civil lawsuit by several passengers describe the event as an "act of God" that could not have been reasonably predicted.
Survivors described being thrown into the ocean without life-jackets, grabbing hold of a single life-ring that floated in the waves.
In a statement, Jamie's Whaling Station said that following the capsizing it has equipped its boats with manually inflatable personal flotation devices to be worn by passengers on outer decks, in addition to the life-jackets that are required by Transport Canada.
It has also reinstated the use of the radio beacons that were recommended by the board, improved radio call-in procedures between its offices and tour vessels, and made it easier to launch life-rafts by installing cradles that do not require lifting by the crew.
Spokesman Ryan Teremy said the company is relieved the report is out and noted that it aligns with crew reports about a large and unexpected wave.
"We're going to take all the recommendations very, very seriously," Teremy said. "Wherever we can advance safety, we will."
The role of the safety board is to investigate marine, pipeline, rail and aviation incidents but it does not assign fault or determine civil or criminal liability.
The RCMP are also investigating the incident and Cpl. Tammy Douglas said Tuesday the file remained open pending the report.
HIGHLIGHTS FROM THE TSB REPORT
Key findings of the Transportation Safety Board on causes and contributing factors in the capsizing of the Leviathan II, along with some recommendations made by the board:
-- Conditions were favourable for the formation of breaking waves and moments before the wave that capsized the boat struck, the master became aware of it and attempted to realign the vessel to minimize its impact, but there was not enough time for his actions to be effective.
-- The vessel maintained position on the weather side of a reef that was exposed to the incoming swell to allow passengers to view wildlife. As the vessel was leaving the area, a large wave approached from the starboard quarter.
-- It took about 45 minutes before search-and-rescue authorities became aware of the capsizing because the crew did not have time to transmit a distress call, nor did the vessel have a means to automatically send one.
-- Crew members were able to discharge a parachute rocket, which alerted a nearby Ahousaht First Nation fishing vessel that was instrumental in saving the lives of a number of survivors.
-- If companies that operate passenger vessels do not implement risk management processes for environmental hazards there is a risk of a similar capsizing and loss of life.
-- The life-raft deployed after the capsizing was fitted with an emergency pack that did not contain devices effective for signalling distress, such as a parachute rocket or buoyant smoke float.
-- Transport Canada should consider whether requirements for the use of digital emergency beacons should be applied to additional classes of boats and airplanes.
-- Operators of commercial passenger vessels on the west coast of Vancouver Island should be required to identify areas and conditions conducive to the formation of hazardous waves and adopt strategies to reduce the chances of passenger vessels encountering those conditions.
Lotus Villas Greater Noida West (Noida Extension) near Surajpur is an incredible housing project set to give you a lavish and serene living at affordable prices
Iran is standing by the Syrian people and government to the final victory, said Lieutenant Commander of Islamic Revolution Guards Corps (IRGC) Brigadier General Hossein Salami on Monday.
In a ceremony to commemorate Martyr Mohsen Hojjaji, Salami said, “We fully support the Syrian people who are under all arrogance and terrorism and we have already shown it in action”, IRNA wrote.
Following a US strike against the Iraqi Popular Mobilization Forces (Hashd al-Shaabi), Daesh seized the opportunity to attack the Syrian troops deployed in the borders with Iraq in which Mohsen Hojjaji, an Iranian military advisor was taken hostage by the terrorist group elements and beheaded after two days on camera.
By Kaileen Gaul
Two bodies were found in the search of two 13-year-old girls on a riverbank just hours after they posted a final eerie photo online while hiking in Indiana.
Police have not formally identified the bodies as Abigail Williams and Liberty German.
For now they are just saying two bodies were found Mondayafternoon near where the girls went missing along Deer Creek and said they suspect foul play, the Daily Mail reports.
However, people were posting their condolences on Williams' mother's Facebook page and police have "scaled back" the search for the girls.
The bodies were discovered less than 1.6 kilometres away from the Monon High Bridge, about 124km north-west of Indianapolis, where they were dropped off by family members on Sundayand were supposed to be collected later.
Both of the girls' cellphones either died or were powered off.
Last night, German's grandfather Mike Patty said: "The cellphone has been pinging around town, and here there is a cellphone tower, but the ping was last noted around five to six hours ago. And they say the phone is now dead."
The bridge is something of a local beauty spot in Carroll County and is where the final picture of Abigail Williams was taken by Liberty German, hours before they were reported missing.
Foul play is suspected but police have yet to comment on how the victims died. They also wouldn't comment on the extent of their injuries because of how early it is in the investigation.
Continued below.
Related Content Hawke's Bay drug bust leads to 20 arrests Emily Yahr: Mariah Carey and her backup dancer romance: Has any reality TV plot ever looked so scripted? Your views: Readers letters'
Police did not disclose in a press conference if there were any suspects or persons of interest at this point.
Right now it is considered a "death investigation" and is not classified as a homicide.
German's photo of Williams on Snapchat on Sunday is the last documentation of the girls.
"We're just praying for their safe return. I'm upset and confused. Obviously, very distraught. I'm just worried."
"All I want to do is have the girls get home safe," Patty said.
Assistant Delphi Fire Chief Curtis Borden told the station the girls were discovered this morning but that it was "not good."
Williams and German were supposed to be picked up where they were dropped off a few hours later but never showed up.
Police said that family members dropped them off but it is not clear if it was a parent of either girl, or a sibling.
When the girls first went missing on Sunday local TV reported no foul play was suspected based off of the details the family gave police.
Carroll County Sheriff Tobe Leazenby said in a written release yesterday: "Based on information learned from friends and family members, police do not suspect foul play and have no information to believe the girls are in any kind of danger, other than being exposed to outside elements"
Anna Williams, Abigail's mother, said: "I'm getting scared now. It's getting cold and they've been out a long time. I don't know what time they ate last."
Police, firefighters and volunteers searched the area until around midnight Sundayand restarted the search when it became light outside the next day..
- Daily Mail
NEW YORK (AP) — Iran's top diplomat warned the Trump administration on Tuesday that a U.S. withdrawal from the nuclear deal would undermine talks with North Korea by proving that America reneges on its promises, telling The Associated Press that Iran would "most likely" abandon the deal as well.
In a wide-ranging interview, Foreign Minister Mohammad Javad Zarif said his country would no longer be bound by international obligations imposed as part of the landmark 2015 accord, freeing up Iran to resume enrichment far beyond the deal's strict limits. He said any move by President Donald Trump to re-impose sanctions lifted under the deal would "amount to basically killing the deal."
"If the United States were to withdraw from the nuclear deal, the immediate consequence in all likelihood would be that Iran would reciprocate and withdraw," Zarif said. He added: "There won't be any deal for Iran to stay in."
As Trump prepares for a high-stakes summit with North Korean leader Kim Jong-un aimed at resolving nuclear weapons concerns, Zarif emphasized that U.S. credibility was at stake. He said Iran would welcome lower tensions on the Korean Peninsula, but that Trump was showing the world that the U.S. is "not a trustworthy, reliable negotiating partner."
Advertisement
"They're prepared to take everything that you've given, then renege on the promises that they have made in the deal," Zarif said. "That makes the United States a rather unlikely partner in any international agreement."
Iran has been working feverishly to frame Trump's expected withdrawal as a major blot on the United States, just as America's closest allies in Europe try to persuade the president not to rip it up. As Zarif spoke in New York on Tuesday, Trump was meeting at the White House with French President Emmanuel Macron, who has been leading an effort by France, Britain and Germany to find "fixes" to the deal that would satisfy Trump's objections.
Few expect such a solution can be found by May 12, the date on which Trump has said he'll leave the deal if there's no fix agreed to with the Europeans. U.S. and European officials say they've made major progress on two of Trump's demands — on nuclear inspections and Iran's ballistic missiles program. But talks have stalemated on Trump's third demand: that the deal be extended in perpetuity, rather than letting restrictions on Tehran to "sunset" after several years.
"No one knows what I'm going to do on the 12th, although Mr. President, you have a pretty good idea," Trump said, referring to Macron. He said if he does withdraw, he would look to see "if it will be possible to do a new deal with solid foundations, because this is a deal with decayed foundations."
In a bleak warning to Tehran, Trump added that if Iran ever threatens the United States, "they will pay a price like few countries have ever paid."
Iran has outright rejected any changes to the deal, arguing that it's unfair to impose more demands beyond what Tehran agreed to already. Trump's strategy relies on the assumption that if the U.S. and the Europeans unilaterally agree to new demands, Iran will back down and voluntarily comply in order to continue enjoying the benefits. Under the 2015 deal brokered by President Barack Obama and world powers, Iran agreed to nuclear restrictions in exchange for billions in sanctions relief.
And even if a so-called add-on deal with the Europeans is achieved, there is no guarantee it will satisfy Trump. His closest aides have said they can't predict with certainty what conditions would be enough to keep him in the pact.
Iran has long insisted its nuclear program was peaceful and not oriented toward building weapons. Yet in the interview, Zarif suggested that those concerned that Tehran was racing toward a bomb would have much more to fear if it were no longer bound by limits on its enrichment and processing.
"It would be a completely different situation, from the perspective of those who made a lot of noise about Iran's nuclear program to begin with," he said.
He also pointed out that if Trump upends the nuclear deal, Iran could also choose to leave the global Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty, which is aimed at stopping the spread of nuclear weapons. Iran signed that treaty decades ago, and though Zarif said Iran's government isn't advocating an exit, it is "one of the options that is being advocated by some" in Iran.
Zarif spoke to the AP at the official residence of Iran's ambassador to the U.N., alongside Central Park. The top Iranian diplomat is in the United States this week on a long-shot bid to try to salvage the deal, while laying the groundwork for the United States to bear the blame on the global stage if Trump ultimately pulls out.
Addressing the conflict in Yemen, he said Iran is urging "everybody" to stop attacking civilian areas — including the Houthis. The Iran-backed Shiite rebels control much of Yemen and have been lobbing missiles at Saudi Arabia, which is leading a coalition fighting the Houthis with support from the U.S.
The United States and others insist that Iran is illicitly funneling missiles and other weapons to the Houthis, a charge that Tehran has repeatedly denied. U.S. Ambassador to the U.N. Nikki Haley has paraded missile parts ostensibly recovered in Saudi Arabia in front of reporters and U.N. Security Council diplomats, arguing that they bear markings and other characteristics proving their Iranian origin.
"I'm not saying Ambassador Haley is fabricating, but somebody is fabricating the evidence she is showing," Zarif said.
As Trump pushes to withdraw U.S. troops from Syria as soon as possible, Zarif gave no signs that Iran plans to do the same. The Iranian military advisers and Iran-backed Shiite militias aiding Syrian President Bashar Assad are a profound concern for the United States and its closest Mideast ally, Israel.
"We are there as long as that objective needs our presence, and as long as the Syrian government asks us to be there," Zarif said.
Market Overview:
Shiitake Mushroom Market is projected to reach USD 26.7 billion by 2022 and it will grow at a CAGR of 15.31% over the forecast period. In Asia Pacific, shiitake mushroom is majorly marketed in China which alone holds the lion's share of 97% of the total Asia Pacific shiitake mushroom market. Asia Pacific alone captures 82.54% market share in the year 2017.
Shiitake mushroom is originated in East Asia which has led to a positive impact in the growth of shiitake mushroom in Asia Pacific. Moreover, increase in application of shiitake mushroom owing to the nutritional and medicinal attributes associated with it is encouraging the growth of shiitake market. Shiitake mushroom is a good source of vitamin B & D and is beneficial for various health benefits including its ability to aid weight loss, support cardiovascular health, fight cancer cells, improve energy levels and brain function, reduce inflammation, and support the immune system.
Try Sample Report Here @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/sample_request/4731
Major Key Players:
This report includes a study of strategies such as mergers, acquisitions, and product launches by the major shiitake mushroom market players. It further includes product portfolios, developments of leading players, which includes
Bonduelle SA (France)
Mitoku Company, Ltd. (Japan)
Agro Dutch Industries Ltd. (India)
The Mushroom Company (U.S.)
Modern Mushroom Farms (U.S.)
Hirano Mushroom LLC (Kosovo) and
Banken Champignons (the Netherlands)
Target Audience:
Shiitake mushroom manufacturers
Food industry
Pharmaceutical Industry
Personal care products manufacturers
Retailers, wholesalers and distributors
Traders, importers and exporters
Key Findings:
Global shiitake mushroom market is projected to reach USD 35.4 billion by 2023 at a growth rate of 15.31%
Dried shiitake mushroom is witnessed to have the highest growth rate with CAGR of 14% over the forecast period 2017-2023
Fresh shiitake mushroom is expected to grow at a CAGR of 15.59% in Asia Pacific followed by North America over the forecast period.
Application of shiitake mushroom is projected to witness the highest growth rate in pharmaceutical industry followed by cosmetic industry over the estimated period.
The reports also cover country level analysis:
North America
U.S.
Canada
Mexico
Access Report Details @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/reports/shiitake-mushroom-market-4731
Europe
The Netherlands
Germany
Poland
U.K.
France
Italy
Spain
Rest of Europe
Asia Pacific
Australia
China, mainland
India
Indonesia
Japan
Republic of Korea
Viet Nam
Rest of APAC
RoW
Rising focus on point-of-care diagnosis & treatment has led to an increase in the use of mobile computer medical carts. Computer medical carts are used to record and update a patient's electronic health records (EHR). Increased adoption of Electronic Health Records (EHR) is also observed to be an instrumental factor for growth of North America's medical carts market. The report, titled “Medical Carts Market – North America Industry Analysis and Opportunity Assessment, 2017-2027,” also projects that manufacturers of medical carts are extending the product line by introducing medical carts with added features.
Report overview@ https://www.futuremarketinsights.com/reports/north-america-medical-carts-market
A lucrative opportunity for such prominent medical device manufacturers towards consolidating their presence in the medical carts market in North America is changing their product line in accordance with shift in technology. Mechanical medical carts are being gradually replaced by new and enhanced technologies such as powered medical devices with battery systems, locking drawers (with negative tilt to facilitate efficient stocking of medication), and automated medicine dispensing systems.
In addition to this, increased focus on acquisitions and collaboration among companies have helped them expand their clinical carts product portfolio and cater to the demand for efficient healthcare systems. This has boosted the need for more effective and advanced medical equipment, devices and procedures. Emerging players must keep in mind that acquisitions over the years have resulted in strengthening the positions of current market leaders.
In 2017 and beyond, computer medical carts will remain in great demand, procuring close to 40% of the market's overall revenues towards the end of 2027. North America's medical carts market is poised to witness dominance of metal as base material, revenues from which will reflect a CAGR of 12.1%. Non-powered medical carts will also be top-sellers in the market, while revenues from sales of powered medical carts are anticipated to showcase 12.6% CAGR. Hospitals will be the largest end-users of medical carts in North America.
Request to sample report@ https://www.futuremarketinsights.com/reports/sample/rep-na-3608
Key players in the North America medical carts market are focussing on developing innovative application specific products to fulfil the various needs of hospitals and to enhance the important factor of patient safety. This need to increase hospital capacity and innovations in products are likely to boost the revenue and volume growth of the medical carts market. To strengthen the medical carts product portfolio, companies in this market are deploying a product line extension strategy by launching new products with unique features for specific purposes. For instance, companies such as Ergotron, Inc. and InterMetro Industries Corporation are introducing powered medical carts to simplify the work of nursing facility staff. These mobile medical carts are preferred by nurses as they are at a high risk of musculoskeletal disorders.
Non-powered or mechanical medical carts are now slowly being replaced by innovative and enhanced technologies such as powered medical carts with battery systems and locking drawers with negative tilt to facilitate efficient medication stocking, and also feature automated medicine dispensing systems. For instance, Omnicell Inc. designs medication workstations to advance medication and supply automation management. On the other hand Ergotron Inc. offers a wide variety of powered medical carts with ergonomic and easy-to-manoeuvre features. This shift in technology to powered medical carts is trending the North America medical carts market.
Summary of Table of Content
1. Executive Summary
2. Market Introduction
3. North America Medical Carts Market Analysis Scenario
4. Market Dynamics
5. North America Medical Carts Market Analysis and Forecasts, By Product
6. North America Medical Carts Market Analysis and Forecasts, By Material
7. North America Medical Carts Market Analysis and Forecasts, By Energy Source
8. North America Medical Carts Market Analysis and Forecasts, By End User
9. U.S Medical Carts Market Analysis and Forecast, By Product
10. U.S Medical Carts Market Analysis and Forecasts, By Material
11. U.S Medical Carts Market Analysis and Forecasts, By Energy Source
12. U.S Medical Carts Market Analysis and Forecasts, By End User
13. Canada Medical Carts Market Analysis and Forecasts, By Product
14. Canada Medical Carts Market Analysis and Forecasts, By Material
15. Canada Medical Carts Market Analysis and Forecasts, By Energy Source
16. Canada Medical Carts Market Analysis and Forecasts, By End User
17. Competition Landscape
18. Assumptions and Acronyms Used
19. Research Methodology
Request to Browse Full Table of Content, figure and Tables@ https://www.futuremarketinsights.com/toc/rep-na-3608
CONTACT:
Future Market Insights
616 Corporate Way, Suite 2-9018,
Valley Cottage, NY 10989,
United States
T: +1-347-918-3531
F: +1-845-579-5705
Email: sales@futuremarketinsights.com
Website: www.futuremarketinsights.com
Coach Charter Europe proposes to you a large set of bus yours through Europe. One of the best destinations is Germany, where the great historical past and architecture. For those who are willing to visit Europe and need a Bus Charter Europe, then these particular services are suitable for you.
Their website has a great design and provides the whole set of information. The user-friendly platform of informing the visitors and clients is very helpful and can present you the many advantages of the company. You can also find there the contact information, as well as a list of existent services of the company. Moreover, you can choose right there the country destination and you will be proposed to make the order instantly without delays. One last feature of their website, you can read about this company there and learn about their past experiences. The search engine will help you to seek fast the needed destination.
Coach Charter Europe has something interesting for you. For instance, you can easily order a bus tour with your friends, or hire a coach who will guide you in your city travel experience. If you are interested in Bus Charter Germany, then it is suitable for you to appeal to their offerings. Also, you are able to make an inquiry right on the website, which assures you a guarantee that your order will be analyzed and you will provide the necessary help. Another great advantage, you are able to receive discounts and bonuses for your special order. Last but not least, you are able to pay online with credit cards and totally assure your trip.
About Coach Charter Europe:
Coach Charter Europe is a company which proposes bus transfer services through Europe and also coach hire Europe. Having a lot of experience in this domain, the company can help you achieve new goals and memories. You will be impressed by the actual coziness of each and every bus of the company. Moreover, you have the chance to profit by their professional bus drivers as the best companions. Last but not least, they have the best team of coaches that can deliver you the best travel guidance in the many European cities. Do not hesitate to make use of their services and penetrate into the world of the most interesting memories of yours.
Contact:
Company Name: Coach Charter Europe
Phone: +49 5841 977 325
Email: info@coach-charter-europe.com
Website: http://www.coach-charter-europe.com
DEVON, Pa. (AP) — It's a top equestrian event, but all eyes are on the hats, not the horses.
Women and girls showed off their fanciest headwear Wednesday on Ladies Day at the Devon Horse Show in the suburbs of Philadelphia. The event was first held in 1896 and lasts for 11 days. It's known as one of the nation's last old-fashioned horse shows.
The show made headlines after a horse bolted Tuesday evening, jumped a fence and fled into the crowd.
But by the next day, feathers, feathers bows, ribbons and chiffon were the story.
Advertisement
___
This gallery was curated by Associated Press photo editor Jacqueline Larma in Philadelphia.
___
Visit the AP Images blog: http://apimagesblog.com
Visit AP Images online: http://www.apimages.com
BANGKOK (AP) — A Thai court of appeals has dismissed criminal defamation charges against a British labor rights activist who was sued by a fruit packaging company after he alleged human rights violations at its factory.
Andy Hall's protracted legal battle stemmed from a 2013 report he researched for Finnish consumer organization Finnwatch that alleged labor abuses at Natural Fruit's pineapple canning operation. It employed migrant workers from Myanmar who said the company abused them and broke labor regulations.
Sunya Joongdee, a lawyer for Hall, said Thursday's court ruling dismissed the criminal defamation case, which also resulted in the collapse of a related computer crime case.
He says the court accepted that Hall's interviews with migrant workers revealed information that should be made public.
/ Front page / News
+ Enlarge this image The Fiji delegation at the Annual Inter Parliamentary Hearing of the IPU at UN Headquarters, New York - Inia Seruiratu, Osea Naiqamu, Jone Usamate, Semi Koroilavesau and Speaker, Dr Jiko Luveni. Picture: SUPPLIED
Update: 12:37PM A FIJIAN delegation led by the Speaker of Parliament Dr Jiko Luveni attended the Annual Parliamentary hearing of the Inter-Parliamentary Union at the United Nations headquarters in New York from February 13 -14, 2017.
The delegation which comprised of four government ministers attended the IPU hearing at the joint invitation of the President of the Inter-Parliamentary Union, Saber Chowdhury and the President of the 71st Session of the United Nations General Assembly, Peter Thomson.
The main focus of the hearing was on ocean issues under Sustainable Development Goal 14, with the theme "A World of Blue: Preserving the oceans, safeguarding the planet, ensuring human well-being in the context of the 2030 Agenda".
The Fijian delegation emphasised the importance of the ocean to Pacific Small Island Developing States and our dependence upon it for our livelihood.
Brian Ashworth didn't want to deal with the mess descending Saturday on Charlottesville, Virginia, so he shut the doors of his popular breakfast-and-barbecue joint -- only to get a taste of the hate on Sunday.
He was in the office when one of his employees walked back to tell him that a woman and four or five men, who appeared at least sympathetic to the previous day's "Unite the Right" rally, were in the dining room of Ace Biscuit & Barbecue, less than a mile from where Saturday's rallies began.
Annoyed, Ashworth walked out to survey the situation.
Some members of the groups had what Ashworth described as low-quality prison or gang tattoos. One wore a "Make America Great Again" shirt, and another had a shirt promoting the British white nationalist punk band, Skrewdriver. A third man sported a shirt that said, "Pinochet Helicopter Company," a reference to former right-wing Chilean dictator Augusto Pinochet, accused of tossing Communists and other political opponents from aircraft.
There was only one other couple dining at the time, outside, and the group was behaving, minding its own business. They didn't appear to be bringing any of the rally's violence to his eatery.
"One employee said to me, 'Brian, be cool. Let them eat,'" the restaurant owner recalled. "We served them against my personal taste."
Governor: 'Go home. ... Shame on you'
Ashworth even engaged in a benign conversation with one of the men who went outside to smoke. The man complimented Ashworth on the sausage Ace uses in its biscuits and asked if it was from a local farm. Ashworth replied that it was made in-house.
'I was pretty heated'
The group finished up, paid and walked outside, where they began "loitering and smoking" by their cars in front of his store, apparently waiting for a friend, Ashworth said. By then, the restaurant was full of customers and there was a line out the door.
Suddenly, the young man in the Skrewdriver shirt threw up a Nazi salute, which the others reciprocated, he said.
"That was it. Oh my God, are you kidding me? 'Get out of here. You've got to go,'" Ashworth told them, admittedly in unkind words. "I could've trimmed off some of the f-bombs ... but I was pretty heated."
"It was all I could do to just not explode on somebody," he said.
They countered that they had rights, and Ashworth conceded they had rights but said, as a business owner, there are federally protected groups his restaurant must serve, and they're happy to, but he reserves the right to deny service to other groups. His employees don't have to serve them, he said.
"They're on the 'don't' list," said Ashworth, who has been in business almost five years.
The woman in the group called him "limp-wristed" and another pejorative for gay men. And then came the threat: "This isn't over. We'll be back."
Ashworth's customers appreciated him taking action. Still, he's concerned.
"I got a round of applause from the customers who saw me throw them out," he said. "A round of applause is good, but it doesn't keep anybody safe."
Ashworth called the police to request a squad car post up outside his restaurant, but was told the police department's resources were too thin, which is understandable, he said.
He decided to close for the day, for the safety of his staff and customers.
'I just want to sell some food'
Charlottesville, like many American cities, has both good and bad history, Ashworth said, and he's angry that people have chosen to exploit his city for their own twisted aims.
"This isn't Charlottesville. These people are not representing us," he said. "The bad history is behind us, and we're trying to keep it there."
Ashworth worries that people like Sunday's customers will keep popping up in Charlottesville and around the country because today's tumultuous political climate provides them a platform, he said.
More worrying, though, is the threat, the husband and father said. One of the guys in the group was "dressed like an everyday dude," which is concerning because Ashworth wouldn't be able to pick him out as easily as he did the others, he said.
Ashworth brought his two .45-caliber pistols to work Sunday because of Saturday's violence. He supposes he'll keep bringing them to work until he feels safe again.
"I just want to sell some food and make a few bucks," he said. "I don't want to be the guy who got shot by a f**king Nazi."
This is a "How it works" video of 'the BackSeat' app. A few of the key features are reviewed here. There are several more settings within the app as well as the app being customize-able based on your lifestyle.
MPDS
Acrobatic Yoga & Pilates Studio
Mazaya Business Avenue – Tower
AA1 – First Al Khail, St. Jumeirah Towers
Dubai,
U.A.E
Telephone: +97 (0) 56 259 7911
Email: dubai@milanpoledance.com
More and more people are striving to lead happy and fulfilling lives, but how does any of this relate to yoga?
Yoga classes in Dubai are an effective mental health and stress reliever that brings joy to people who are able to connect to it in the form of exercise. It is not just a way to engage in physical fitness but also a great way to reduce anxiety and distress. In short, it is a psychological stress reliever.
It is a well known fact that exercise releases endorphin, a feel-good chemical that gives way to energy and happiness. Exercise is an effective way to combat depression and other mental anxieties. The release of endorphin wills not only make people feel better but also power them through to achieving the next level of physical fitness. Yoga brings serenity and peace of mind amidst the chaos that surrounds daily life. Yoga classes in Dubai provide mental relief from difficult and challenging situations.
And let's not forget that yoga is a fantastic way to burn calories. While it may not seem the obvious choice of exercisers to lose weight, it does impact weight loss. As people become more self aware of their body and emotions, they learn to control harmful elements such as starving or overeating that can directly lead to weight gain. The Head of MPDS had this to say, “Yoga classes in Dubai benefits people in different ways, but more importantly makes health and happiness a priority to helping you lead a happy and satisfying life.”
About Us
MPDS Acrobatics Yoga and Pilates Studio is the first step to achieving your fitness dreams. Whether it is to have a perfectly toned body, lose weight or learn a new fitness skill, the studio is the best place to achieve it. Enjoy walking out with confidence, high level of self-esteem and a great mood. Become flexible, physically fit and mentally strong. For more information, visit our website on http://www.mpds.ae/
Today in History: Wednesday, Feb. 15
Last Updated: February 4, 2017 at 12:52 pm
590 – Khosrau II is crowned king of Persia.
706 – Byzantine emperor Justinian II has his predecessors Leontios and Tiberios III publicly executed in the Hippodrome of Constantinople.
1113 – Pope Paschal II issues a bill sanctioning the establishment of the Order of Hospitallers.
1214 – John, King of England, lands an invasion force at La Rochelle in France.
1493 – While on board the Niña, Christopher Columbus writes an open letter (widely distributed upon his return to Portugal) describing his discoveries and the unexpected items he came across in the New World.
1637 – Ferdinand III becomes Holy Roman Emperor.
1690 – Constantin Cantemir, Prince of Moldavia, and the Holy Roman Empire sign a secret treaty in Sibiu, stipulating that Moldavia would support the actions led by the House of Habsburg against the Ottoman Empire.
1764 – The city of St. Louis is established in Spanish Louisiana (now in Missouri, USA).
1798 – The Roman Republic is proclaimed after Louis-Alexandre Berthier, a general of Napoleon, had invaded the city of Rome five days earlier.
1804 – The Serbian Revolution begins.
1835 – The first constitutional law in modern Serbia is adopted.
1862 – American Civil War: General Ulysses S. Grant attacks Fort Donelson, Tennessee.
1870 – Stevens Institute of Technology is founded in New Jersey, USA and offers the first Bachelor of Engineering degree in Mechanical Engineering.
1879 – Women's rights: US President Rutherford B. Hayes signs a bill allowing female attorneys to argue cases before the Supreme Court of the United States.
1891 – Allmänna Idrottsklubben (AIK) (Swedish Sports Club) is founded.
1898 – The battleship USS Maine explodes and sinks in Havana harbor in Cuba, killing 274. This event leads the United States to declare war on Spain.
1901 – The association football club Alianza Lima is founded in Lima, Peru, under the name Sport Alianza.
1909 – The Flores Theater fire in Acapulco, Mexico kills 250.
1921 – Kingdom of Romania establishes its legation in Helsinki.
1923 – Greece becomes the last European country to adopt the Gregorian calendar.
1925 – The 1925 serum run to Nome: The second delivery of serum arrives in Nome, Alaska.
1933 – In Miami, Giuseppe Zangara attempts to assassinate US President-elect Franklin D. Roosevelt, but instead shoots Chicago mayor Anton J. Cermak, who dies of his wounds on March 6, 1933.
1942 – World War II: Fall of Singapore. Following an assault by Japanese forces, the British General Arthur Percival surrenders. About 80,000 Indian, United Kingdom and Australian soldiers become prisoners of war, the largest surrender of British-led military personnel in history.
1944 – World War II: The assault on Monte Cassino, Italy begins.
1944 – World War II: The Narva Offensive begins.
1945 – World War II: Third day of bombing in Dresden.
1946 – ENIAC, the first electronic general-purpose computer, is formally dedicated at the University of Pennsylvania in Philadelphia.
1949 – Gerald Lankester Harding and Roland de Vaux begin excavations at Cave 1 of the Qumran Caves, where they will eventually discover the first seven Dead Sea Scrolls.
1952 – King George VI of the United Kingdom is buried in St George's Chapel, Windsor Castle.
1953 – Parliamentary elections held in Liechtenstein.
1954 – Canada and the United States agree to construct the Distant Early Warning Line, a system of radar stations in the far northern Arctic regions of Canada and Alaska.
1961 – Sabena Flight 548 crashes in Belgium, killing 73, including the entire United States figure skating team along with several of their coaches and family members.
1965 – A new red-and-white maple leaf design is adopted as the flag of Canada, replacing the old Canadian Red Ensign banner.
1971 – The decimalisation of British coinage is completed on Decimal Day.
1972 – Sound recordings are granted U.S. federal copyright protection for the first time.
1972 – José María Velasco Ibarra, serving as President of Ecuador for the fifth time, is overthrown by the military for the fourth time.
1982 – The drilling rig Ocean Ranger sinks during a storm off the coast of Newfoundland, killing 84 workers.
1989 – Soviet war in Afghanistan: The Soviet Union officially announces that all of its troops have left Afghanistan.
1991 – The Visegrád Agreement, establishing cooperation to move toward free-market systems, is signed by the leaders of Czechoslovakia, Hungary and Poland.
1992 – Serial killer Jeffrey Dahmer was sentenced in Milwaukee to life in prison.
1996 – At the Xichang Satellite Launch Center in China, a Long March 3 rocket, carrying an Intelsat 708, crashes into a rural village after liftoff, killing many people.
2001 – The first draft of the complete human genome is published in Nature.
2003 – Protests against the Iraq war take place in over 600 cities worldwide. It is estimated that between eight million to 30 million people participate, making this the largest peace demonstration in history.
2012 – 360 people die in a fire at a Honduran prison in the city of Comayagua.
2013 – A meteor explodes over Russia, injuring 1,500 people as a shock wave blows out windows and rocks buildings. This happens unexpectedly only hours before the expected closest ever approach of the larger and unrelated asteroid 2012 DA14.
LOS ANGELES (AP) — Police say R&B singer Trey Songz has been arrested on suspicion of felony domestic violence for punching a woman at a Los Angeles party.
LAPD spokesman Officer Drake Madison says Songz, whose real name is Tremaine Neverson, turned himself in at a Hollywood police station Monday morning.
Jail records show the 33-year-old was released about two hours later on $50,000 bail.
Andrea Buera said at a news conference last week that she was the woman Songz had assaulted. Buera said he punched her repeatedly because he was upset she was talking to another man at a party Feb. 18.
Advertisement
Songz attorney Shawn Chapman Holley did not immediately respond to messages seeking comment.
Songz tweeted Monday that he was being lied about and falsely accused for someone else's personal gain.
I can, without fear of contradiction, claim to be the last coach to pick a Lions tour party for New Zealand.
It was a slightly surreal experience, sitting down over a cup of tea to repeat that exercise, this time - for fun, rather than for real.
Not quite so stressful.
As everybody knows, things went badly for us in 2005 against an outstanding New Zealand side and I would be the first to acknowledge that I got some selections wrong.
Selection is an art, not a science, but it is the No 1 job of the coach. Bad injuries, bad luck and great opponents will all come into play, but if you get your core selection right, you have a chance.
The most important criteria of all are current fitness and form. Nobody should be selected on reputation in the hope that he comes good. That was a mistake I made in 2005 with several players, including Jonny Wilkinson.
On his 2003 form, Jonny was the first name on the 2005 Lions team-sheet, but he had been beset by injury and had played no test rugby in between.
Yes, when I selected him, Jonny was, for that short period, injury free and had played a few games for Newcastle, but that is a million miles away from being match fit and ready take on the All Blacks.
I had this dream of a midfield of Jonny at 12 and Brian O'Driscoll at 13, which I felt was key to us really challenging the All Blacks, but it was wishful thinking on my part and unfair on Jonny, who really tried everything he could to be ready.
Continued below.
Related Content Rugby: Kiwi Ben Te'o tipped for Lions tour, head-to-head with SBW Rugby: Aussie wing Drew Mitchell to retire at end of French season Rugby: Sam Warburton to be named at British and Irish Lions captain for second consecutive tour
We also lost Brian in the first minute of the first test. The nearest I've ever got to working in earnest with this dream team was in the ITV studios during the recent Six Nations!
It was a painful lesson and if I was involved 12 years on, I would base the selection pretty much on the Six Nations, with the recent European Cup quarter-finals as a final top-up.
Everybody who gets on the plane must be 100 per cent fit and ready to go. New Zealand just is not the place for anybody who is not totally on top of their game.
Having said that, we have two particular situations that need a little flexibility. George Kruis is poised to return for Saracens after a long lay-off, while Sam Warburton has developed a knee ligament problem that needs six weeks' rehab.
Kruis is absolutely the type of second row the Lions need in New Zealand, and with Saracens involved at the sharp end of the European Cup and Premiership, he will have a chance to prove his fitness and form before the Lions depart.
I would leave a space for him in the squad on Wednesday, but if he doesn't play to Warren Gatland's satisfaction over the next month or so, he should be withdrawn. Heaven knows, it's one area where the Lions aren't exactly lacking!
After a fine Six Nations, Warburton is my tour captain and a nailed-on test starter, and if the medics are correct, he would be fit to play in the tour opener on June 3. But as a back-up, I would take an additional flanker, which is again an area of huge strength for the Lions.
Warburton has shown previously that he comes back with a bang after injuries, but if there is any doubt about his form during the tour, you simply make the call and omit him from the first test. In that scenario, Owen Farrell should captain the team.
I would, though, have Dylan Hartley as hooker.
The optimum size of a modern-day tour party to New Zealand is a big subject, which I will return to at length, but I would definitely have asked the Lions committee to extend the accepted 37 to a minimum of 39 to cover for the likes of Warburton.
Don't forget, we already know that Warren's squad will leave without a raft of frontline players at the start of the first week, who will be arriving later from the Premiership and Pro 12 play-off finals.
It shows rugby in a very poor light that those finals weren't brought forward.
I would also emphasise the key role of the nominated reserves. History shows us that there is every chance of a reserve not only joining the squad, but even making the test team - Martin Johnson in 1993, Ryan Jones and Simon Easterby in 2005.
That's how it goes sometimes.
The reserves need to be fully motivated and I would ask them to be part of all the pre-tour meetings and the week together, before the main party departs. Psychologically that could be hard, but selfless teamwork is one of the things that can make this Lions squad successful.
All four Home Unions are touring with powerful squads. Scotland in Australia and Wales in the South Pacific are particularly well placed for those immediate calls, and I'm sure Warren will keep in close touch with all the coaches.
Of course, it's a disruption, but it's for a common purpose, giving the Lions every chance on the toughest tour of all.
Back Three
Stuart Hogg (Sco), Leigh Halfpenny (Wal), Liam Williams (Wal), George North (Wal), Anthony Watson (Eng), Chris Ashton (Eng). Reserve: Tommy Seymour (Sco)
Five automatic selections for me - Hogg is an exceptional talent, Halfpenny's kicking is still top class, Williams has done well against New Zealand, North is a world beater when fully on his game and Watson is a blazing talent.
The sixth spot did make me ponder - the all-round reliability of a Seymour or Jack Nowell, the proven year-on-year try-scoring nous of Ashton or the little bit of X-factor Simon Zebo can bring?
It was a close call, but I just fancy the force is with Ashton right now. He scores tries for fun.
Outside Centre
Jonathan Joseph (Eng), Garry Ringrose (Ire), Elliot Daly (Eng)
Good strength here. Jonathan Joseph - brilliant one day, not so brilliant the next - and the hugely promising Garry Ringrose, while I remain convinced Elliot Daly could also come steaming through.
Daly does, of course, also provide expert cover for the back three. He is just the kind of player you need on tour.
Scotland's Huw Jones would undoubtedly have figured, but for injury.
Inside Centre
Robbie Henshaw (Ire), Jonathan Davies (Wal). Reserve: Alex Dunbar (Sco)
OK, I'm assuming Owen Farrell is the first choice 12, but I am going to list him at No 10 for reasons I will explain. Henshaw is the next best 12, but he is a very different player to Farrell, while Dunbar is another strong contender.
I am however very reluctant to leave Davies out. He is playing well enough, without tearing trees down, and New Zealand will galvanise him.
Fly-Half
Johnny Sexton (Ire), Owen Farrell (Eng), George Ford (Eng). Reserve: Dan Biggar (Wal)
I'm listing Farrell at 10, although all being well, he will start at 12 in the test team, with Sexton the fly-half. If Sexton gets injured, Farrell will switch to 10.
They are very similar players with complete skill sets and very flinty edges in defence. -
like for like. It also gives you the flexibility of not needing to pick a 10 on the bench.
As back-up, I'm going for Ford, who brings something different.
Scrum-Half
Conor Murray (Ire), Rhys Webb (Wal), Ben Youngs (Eng). Reserve: Greig Laidlaw (Sco)
Murray and Webb pick themselves. Murray has arguably been Europe's player of the season and is favourite to start the tests.
I like Webb, he's a ball of energy, with attitude.
New Zealand have two world class No 9s in Aaron Smith and TJ Perenara, and the Lions need to match them there.
A very close call for the third spot. Youngs at his best is a lovely attacking nine and he's in ... just.
Loosehead Prop
Jack McGrath (Ire), Joe Marler (Eng), Mako Vunipola (Eng). Reserve: Cian Healy (Ire)
Not a massively difficult selection. McGrath has been in very good form for Ireland recently and is keeping out a class player like Healy, so he is the market leader, closely followed by the England duo of Vuniploa and Marler, who deputised excellently when Vunipola was injured in the Six Nations and rediscovered his mojo.
Both are worth a place in my party.
Hooker
Rory Best (Ire),Dylan Hartley (Eng), Ken Owens (Wal). Reserve: Jamie George (Eng)
The big question is whether to pick Hartley above George. I would every time - and that's no slight on George.
He has a big future but he's not quite there yet.
Everybody on tour must be capable of starting all three tests. Hartley fits that category - he started all 18 matches in England's record-equalling run.
Tighthead Prop
Tadhg Furlong (Ire), Dan Cole (Eng), Tomas Francis (Wal). Reserve: Zander Fagerson (Sco)
Again, not too much midnight oil burned here.
Furlong has been a revelation at the set-piece and in the tight. He was a winner against New Zealand in the autumn and a big player for Ireland, when they beat England last month.
He travels as the first choice, with the reliable Cole to press for test selection, while the burly Francis just shades the promising Fagerson for third spot.
Lock
Alun Wyn Jones (Wal), George Kruis (Eng), Maro Itoje (Eng), Iain Henderson (Ire), Joe Launchbury (Eng). Reserve: Devin Toner (Ire)
This wasn't easy. I've gone for the best athletes, who also have a stack of attitude and physicality, because they will need it.
Kruis and Itoje are England's premier pairing when fit, Henderson played his way in with a barnstorming performance against England.
I am painfully aware this is very tough on Toner, the Gray brothers and Courtney Lawes, who would make most Lions tour parties.
Flanker
Sam Warburton (Wal), Justin Tipuric (Wal), CJ Stander (Ire), Sean O'Brien (Ire), Peter O'Mahony (Ire), Ross Moriarty (Wal). Reserve: John Barclay (Sco)
Your back-row players are in the front line down in New Zealand. That is where the battle is fiercest and the attrition rate can be high and, given the Warburton injury scenario, I would include six flankers in the squad.
Warburton and Tipuric pick themselves really, but as a litmus test I asked myself "would they improve the world-record equalling England team?" The answer was yes.
The Irish boys are also on fire. Sean O'Brien has had some big injuries, but he now seems back to his very best and he will love it in New Zealand.
Stander is so strong and O'Mahony is a tough case and top lineout operator. Barclay should keep his mobile on though.
No 8
Billy Vunipola (Eng), Toby Faletau (Wal). Reserve: Jamie Heaslip (Ire)
Very little discussion needed. Both Vunipola and Faletau have had big injuries this season but both are back and firing on all four cylinders. They have the power to really hurt the Kiwis. Heaslip has a proud Lions record and will slip straight in if required.
- Daily Mail
Eli Manning is well aware that he's inching closer toward the end of his career.
The two-time Super Bowl champion is 37 years old, and he was benched earlier this season in Week 13 for the Giants' matchup against the Oakland Raiders, as Geno Smith got the start. Manning ultimately returned as the starter the following week, but the Giants eventually will have to start planning its future without him as a factor.
On The Dan Patrick Show, the host came right out with it and asked Manning what he would think if the Giants end up selecting a quarterback with their No. 2 pick.
DP: How would you feel if the Giants took a QB at No. 2?
Eli Manning: "I'm fine with that. I understand the situation. I know how old I am." pic.twitter.com/0NcHQHK4ax — Dan Patrick Show (@dpshow) February 2, 2018
“I'm fine with that. I understand the situation. Hey, I know how old I am. How many more years of football do I have left? Who knows? I don't know, so I understand you've got to prepare for the future, and so if they want to take a quarterback at No. 2, then hey, it's still my job to play quarterback and go out there and compete, like I've done every other year.”
According to several mock drafts, UCLA's Josh Rosen and USC's Sam Darnold are on the table, and Oklahoma's Baker Mayfield could also be a possibility.
Manning said he has no input in whom the team drafts, adding that's the way it should be because he's not the GM or a scout.
The 2018 NFL Draft starts April 26.
Charles Kushner, father to Trump's senior adviser Jared Kushner, met with Qatari officials in April of 2017. A business deal fell through between both parties.
Did a meeting between Qatari emissaries and Charles Kushner, father to one of President Donald Trump's principal advisers (and son-in-law) Jared Kushner, result in the administration taking a firm stance against that nation?
The elder Kushner, representing his family's company, met with Qatar's Finance Minister Ali Sharif al-Emadi in April of 2017 to discuss possible investments in a property in New York City. Kushner Companies owes a large debt, set to come due in 2019, on property at 666 Fifth Avenue in Manhattan, and the nation of Qatar had tentatively agreed to provide a loan to the Kushners for $500 million.
That deal fell through, however, after Qatar expressed concerns over potential conflicts of interest between the Kushners and the Trump administration.
Not long after in June, Trump tweeted out his support for an embargo on Qatar.
During my recent trip to the Middle East I stated that there can no longer be funding of Radical Ideology. Leaders pointed to Qatar - look! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) June 6, 2017
So good to see the Saudi Arabia visit with the King and 50 countries already paying off. They said they would take a hard line on funding... — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) June 6, 2017
...extremism, and all reference was pointing to Qatar. Perhaps this will be the beginning of the end to the horror of terrorism! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) June 6, 2017
The timing of the tweets are very suspicious, especially considering that Charles Kushner was reportedly “crushed” about Qatar backing out of its investment of his company.
Someone is lying. Tom Barrack, a Trump friend, said Charles Kushner was "crushed" when Qatar pulled out of deal to finance 666 Fifth Ave to avoid conflict of interest. But Kushner says he pulled out to avoid conflict of interest.
Why even have this previously undisclosed mtg? https://t.co/MDdnz61NvL — Ted Lieu (@tedlieu) March 19, 2018
The older Kushner maintains it was he who backed out of the deal. “Before the meeting, Kushner Companies had decided that it was not going to accept sovereign wealth fund investments,” he said. “We informed the Qatar representatives of our decision and they agreed. Even if they were there ready to wire the money, we would not have taken it.”
Yet that flies in the face of other evidence, reportedly collected by Qatar itself, they say shows that Jared Kushner and others schemed against the nation, alongside the United Arab Emirates, to impose the embargo. Qatar had planned to pass that information on to special counsel Robert Mueller, but decided against it at the last minute lest they suffer further retaliatory action from the Trump administration.
It's definitely worth pondering whether the Kushners were seeking revenge against Qatari officials. Hopefully, the investigation headed by Mueller, which is supposedly looking at Kushner's business dealings, will take this meeting into account as well, and make a reasoned determination over whether anything improper occurred between Kushner, the president, and Qatar.
Photo: Eduardo Parra / Getty Images
By Annie Reuter
An emotional video of a young boy talking about the pain of being bullied has gone viral and many artists including Rihanna, Katy Perry, Snoop Dogg and Cardi B are standing up for him.
Related: Katy Perry, Catholic Church Win $10 Million in Convent Case Lawsuit
“Just out of curiosity, why do they bully?” Keaton Jones, a Tennessee native, asked in the video. “What's the point of it? Why do you find joy in taking innocent people and finding a way to be mean to them? It's not okay.”
He explained that kids make fun of his nose and during lunch they pour milk on him and throw food at him. The video was shot by Jones' mother after she picked him up from school when he told her he was afraid to go to lunch.
After viewing the clip on social media, Katy Perry, Cardi B, Snoop Dogg, Hailee Steinfeld, and others provided words of encouragement to Jones.
“#KeatonJones Hero!!! Thank you young KING for inspiring us all who have been in your shoes at any capacity!” wrote Rihanna on social media. “If you have, or currently are going through any form of bullying, my heart and my prayers go out to you! Bullies…y'all corny!”
“This broke my 💔today. Please be kind to one another,” Katy Perry wrote in a caption for Jones' video.
“Say lil Man U gotta friend in me for life hit me on dm so we can chop it up love is the only way to beat hate,” commented Snoop Dogg.
Zedd and Cole Swindell offered tickets to their concerts while Hailee Steinfeld invited Jones to be her guest at the Pitch Perfect 3 premiere.
See the best artists reactions below:
#KeatonJones Hero!!! Thank you young KING for inspiring us all who have been in your shoes at any capacity! If you have, or currently are going through any form of bullying, my heart and my prayers go out to you! Bullies...y'all corny! A post shared by badgalriri (@badgalriri) on Dec 11, 2017 at 4:36am PST
This broke my 💔today. Please be kind to one another. #standwithkeaton A post shared by KATY PERRY (@katyperry) on Dec 10, 2017 at 2:56pm PST
Say lil Man U gotta friend in me for life hit me on dm so we can chop it up love is the only way to beat hate 👊🏾☝🏾 A post shared by snoopdogg (@snoopdogg) on Dec 10, 2017 at 7:50am PST
Hi @Lakyn_Jones, could you pass this message along to Keaton? ❤ https://t.co/3l8P4fKAqW —
Hailee Steinfeld (@HaileeSteinfeld) December 10, 2017
buddy next time I make it home to Knox I'm going to walk into that lunchroom with you and watch the bullies say the… twitter.com/i/web/status/9… —
Kelsea Ballerini (@KelseaBallerini) December 10, 2017
I'm so Sad and angry like I'm OD hot 😡😪Please teach your kids not to be bullies .Teach them how to be tough 👊🏽but not too pick on others —
(@iamcardib) December 10, 2017
Hey, @Lakyn_Jones .. bring your brother Keaton by the bus before my show in Knoxville, TN next month if ya want.. w… twitter.com/i/web/status/9… —
Cole Swindell (@coleswindell) December 10, 2017
Stay strong Keaton. Takes a lot of courage to send such an honest message like this to the world. For anyone being… twitter.com/i/web/status/9… —
Brothers Osborne (@brothersosborne) December 11, 2017
Hey Keaton Jones, I'd like to invite you to be my guest at any show of mine of your choice. I'll cover ur flights a… twitter.com/i/web/status/9… —
(@Zedd) December 11, 2017
Illinois, 30 May 2018(News)-To managed services market enable interoperability with connected devices for solving business problems pertaining to operations, technical support, innovation or other verticals. The emergence of new technologies like ZigBee, which work on inexpensive batteries provide comfort in the development of connected devices. Increasing momentum of managed cloud services is one major factor driving the growth of IoT managed services market. Growing inclination towards cost efficient managed services is further fueling the market growth.
The ongoing deployment of LTE and technological advancements in various fields have boosted the number of connected devices. The trend of a high attraction towards connected devices is observed worldwide. Emergence of new applications and advancements in technology in the field of wireless communication and worldwide interoperability for microwave access are increasing the number of connected devices. The IoT managed services market is broadly segmented on the basis of various end users, such as IT & telecommunication, healthcare, retail, automotive & transportation, manufacturing, and others.
Get Free Sample Report: https://www.prominentmarketresearch.com/report/global-iot-managed-services-market
Key Players:
The key players of IoT managed services market include Accenture Plc. (Ireland), Cisco System Inc. (U.S.), Google Inc. (U.S.), AT & T Inc. (U.S.), Qualcomm Inc. (U.S.), International Business Machines Corporation (IBM) (U.S.), Oracle Corporation (U.S.), Microsoft Corporation (U.S.), Hewlett Packard Enterprise (U.S.), Intel Security Group, and Apple Inc. (U.S.) among others.
Global To Managed Services Market Analysis & Forecast, from 2016 to 2022:
• To provide a detailed analysis of the market structure along with a forecast of the various segments and sub-segments of the IoT managed services market
• To provide insights into factors affecting the market growth
• To analyze the IoT Managed Services market based on Porter's five forces analysis
• To provide historical and forecast revenue of the market segments and sub-segments with respect to four main geographies and their countries- North America, Europe, Asia, and Rest of the World
• To provide country-level analysis of the market concerning the current market size and prospects
• To provide country-level analysis of the market segment by services, end-user and organization size
Technology Investors:
• Research/Consultancy Firms
• IoT Managed Services Manufacturers
• Managed Service Providers (MSPs)
• Cloud Service Providers (CSPs)
• IT service providers
• IoT Technology Vendors
• Network Management Service Providers
• Support & Maintenance Service Providers
• Infrastructure Service Providers
• Government Associations
Get Free Customized Report Sample: https://www.prominentmarketresearch.com/inquiry-report/global-iot-managed-services-market
Key Findings:
• The global IoT managed services market is estimated to reach USD 84.1 billion by 2022.
• By service, network management sub-segment in IoT managed services market accounts for the largest market share and is growing at a 24.35% CAGR, during the forecast period.
• By end user, automotive & transport sub-segment holds the largest market share in 2016, growing at a 26.17% CAGR, during the forecast period.
• By organization size, large enterprises sub-segment holds the largest market share and is growing at a 25.34% CAGR, during the forecast period.
• Geographically, North America has been projected to hold the largest market share in global IoT managed services market, followed by Europe and Asia Pacific in the second and third positions, respectively.
The reports also cover country-level analysis:
• North America
o U.S.
o Canada
• Europe
o Germany
o France
o U.K
o Italy
o Rest of Europe
• Asia Pacific
o China
o Japan
o South Korea
o India
o Rest of Asia Pacific
• Rest of the World
Buy Report: https://www.prominentmarketresearch.com/checkout/485
About Prominent Market Research:
At Prominent Market Research, we are committed to provide the best possible service and recommendations to all our customers. You will be able to speak to seasoned analyst who will understand your research needs accurately. We make it our business to look after yours, with an efficient and friendly team always available to help you.
Contact Us:
Robin Hood,
Sale Manager,
sales@prominentmarketresearch.com
Dean Elgar's sixth Test century helped South Africa in to a position of strength on the first day of the second Test against Sri Lanka in Cape Town.
On a green seamer-friendly Newlands pitch, South Africa – 1-0 up in the three-match series – recovered from 66 for three after Sri Lanka had won the toss to reach 297 for six at the close.
Elgar's 129 from 230 balls, his first hundred at Newlands, held the Proteas innings together after fellow opener Stephen Cook (0) edged the fourth ball of the day and Hashim Amla (29) and JP Duminy (0) fell to Lahiru Kumara close to the lunch interval.
Faf du Plessis appeared well set on 38, but the South Africa captain's two-hour stay ended when he attempted to drive the left-arm spin of Rangana Herath and Angelo Mathews held the chance at slip.
Sixth wicket
When Temba Bavuma (10) became Kumara's third victim, pulling a ball of steepling bounce to Upul Tharanga at backward square, South Africa were 169 for five and still in some difficulty.
But Elgar and Quinton de Kock put on 103 for the sixth wicket before Suranga Lakmal finally ended the left-hander's resistance with the second new ball, finding an outside edge to give wicketkeeper Kusal Mendis his third catch.
De Kock (68 not out) and night-watchman Kyle Abbott (16 not out), however, avoided any further problems in the final hour.
– (PA)
DHAKA, Bangladesh: A Malaysian aid ship anchored off Bangladesh on Monday bringing relief goods for some of the hundreds of thousands of Rohingya Muslims who've fled Myanmar.
Military spokesman Shaheenul Islam said Bangladesh welcomed the ship that anchored near Sonadia island off the coastal district of Cox's Bazar.
Islam said the government was taking all the necessary procedures to unload the ship's goods and transport them by road to Teknaf, the sub-district in Cox's Bazar that borders Myanmar.
Hundreds of thousands of Rohingya are camping there officially and in unregistered camps.
Another official, Ali Hossain, said the ship was very close to Sonadia island and was visible from the shore.
“We will use lighter vessels to take goods to the shore and then we will use trucks to carry them to Teknaf,” Hossain, a local government administrator, said.
The ship was carrying around 2,300 tons of food, medicine and other supplies.
Rohingya Muslims have long faced discrimination in majority-Buddhist Myanmar.
More than 300,000 have been living in Bangladesh for decades, while about 66,000 more have crossed the border since October amid renewed persecution and targeted attacks by soldiers and majority Buddhists in Myanmar's Rakhine state.
NEW YORK (AP) — Sinclair Broadcast Group will sell nine TV stations to Standard Media Group for $441.7 million as part of its plan to meet regulatory approval for its pending $3.9 billion acquisition of Tribune Media.
The sale of the stations is contingent on the Tribune deal closing. Sinclair said it expects that deal to close by the end of the second quarter.
The moves come after Sinclair received widespread attention after news reports earlier in April showed dozens of Sinclair news anchors reading an identical script expressing concern about "one-sided news stories plaguing the country." At the time, President Donald Trump tweeted his support of the network.
The stations include one each in Oklahoma, Michigan, North Carolina, Virginia and Iowa and four in Pennsylvania.
Advertisement
Sinclair owns 193 stations across the country.
Jen McCommons is back from 855-Burn-Fat to share five truly impressive success stories and how their technology can work for you, too!
855-Burn-Fat is offering FREE consultations to the first 25 callers! To contact them locally, call (414) 376-4005 or visit 855BurnFat.com.
A number of improvements are being considered for Wellingborough's Nene Valley Crematorium.
Nearly 700 cremations were held at the county's newest crematorium in its first year of trading, with an average of 12 cremations per week.
The crematorium opened in September 2016
The target for year one was 500 so the total number was considerably higher than expected by Wellingborough Bereavement Services (WBC), which runs the crematorium on behalf of the council.
As part of a report looking back at its first year since opening in September 2016, members of Wellingborough Council's resources committee will be asked to consider several improvements.
The report says: “There is significant pressure on the company to make some changes to the crematorium.
“A survey identified the key points - the most significant of which was the need for a covered waiting area.
“If this work is not undertaken it is possible that families will find the crematorium inhospitable in bad weather.
“There is also a growing need for a memorial garden which has a variety of options.
“To date the first scattering lawn is in place, and a wall of remembrance could be delivered within the next few months, subject to funding.
“The company's main focus at this time is the delivery of a garden which is welcoming and attractive - and suits the architecture of the building.”
These improvements have been put forward after staff collected feedback from users and carried out a formal survey.
The report also says the company was not expected to make any profit in the first year and the accounts show the company reporting a net loss of £14,000 as of March 31, 2017. Despite this, the 2017/18 forecast outturn position for the current year is currently on track to deliver a £145,000 profit before tax.
It also says while the board is not proposing any change to the existing fees for the coming year, a new fee of £450 for direct cremations has been suggested.
This would be a drop-off by a driver (with no mourners) out of core hours and the cremation would take place at a time to suit the team.
Members of the council's resources committee will be invited to recommend that the council:
- consider allocation of a capital budget to enable alterations to the canopy outside the waiting room
- consider allocation of a capital budget to enable phased development of the gardens of remembrance
- introduce a fee of £450 for a direct cremation which could take place at a time convenient to the crematorium staff and without any use of the chapel or other related services
- amend the make-up of the board of Wellingborough Bereavement Services Ltd to two councillors and two employees of the council or the company
The meeting starts at 7pm tomorrow (Wednesday) in the council chamber at Swanspool House in Wellingborough.
TALLAHASSEE, Fla. (AP) — Despite widespread traffic jams that choked Florida's highways right before Hurricane Irma hit, state officials do not plan to authorize one-way traffic in the future.
Gov. Rick Scott on Friday announced that he was adopting a series of recommendations aimed at helping the state deal with the congestion and gas shortages that bedeviled those fleeing ahead of the powerful storm.
Irma ripped through the state in late September and is blamed for widespread power outages and at least 84 deaths. The oncoming storm prompted a massive evacuation.
State officials studied whether to use one-way traffic on highways but did not recommend it. Scott did not overrule the officials and instead agreed to let more people to drive on the shoulders of roads.
The state is also moving ahead with plans to widen key roads.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
२१ असोज, काठमाडौं । प्रदेश २ को स्थानीय तहमा सम्मानजनक सिट जितेका मधेसका दुई पार्टी संघीय समाजवादी फोरम नेपाल र राष्ट्रिय जनता पार्टी (राजपा) नेपालले आसन्न प्रतिनिधिसभा र प्रदेशसभा निर्वाचनमा कांग्रेसकै हाराहारीमा सिट माग गर्ने रणनीति बनाएका छन् । फोरम नेपालका अध्यक्ष उपेन्द्र यादव र राजपा अध्यक्ष महन्थ ठाकुरबीच शुक्रबार यस्तो रणनीतिमा सहमति भएको हो ।
दुई नेताबीच शुक्रबार भएको छलफलले आसन्न केन्द्रीय संसद् र प्रदेशसभा निर्वाचनमा समझदारीमा साझा उम्मेदवार चयन गर्ने तथा अन्य राजनीतिक दलसँग तालमेल गर्नुपर्दा दुवै पार्टीको एकमत बनाई बागर्नेनिङ गर्ने रणनीति बनाएको छ । दुई नेताबीच शुक्रबार भएको लामो छलफलपछि राजपा अध्यक्ष ठाकुर तथा फोरम अध्यक्ष यादवले हस्ताक्षर गरी जारी गरेको विज्ञप्तिमा बहिष्करण तथा वञ्चितीकरणमा पारिएका समुदायको आर्थिक, राजनीतिक, सामाजिक, सांस्कृतिक तथा भाषिक अधिकारसहित समानता र राज्यको हरेक क्षेत्र, तह र अंगमा समानुपातिक, समावेशीकरण र साझेदारी तथा सामाजिक न्याय प्राप्तिका लागि यी समुदायमाथि शताब्दियौंदेखि कायम रहेका सबैखाले असमानता, विभेद, भेदभाव, एवं उपेक्षा, शोषण र उत्पीडिनलाई अन्त्य गर्न आफूहरूबीचको सहमति अपरिहार्य रहेको' उल्लेख छ । आजको अन्नपूर्ण पोस्टमा खबर छ ।
मधेस स्वायत्त प्रदेश तथा आत्मनिर्णयको अधिकारका लागि लड्दै आएका यादव र ठाकुरबीचको सहमतिले प्रदेश २ मा स्थानीय तह निर्वाचनमा उनीहरूको उपस्थितिअनुसार सिटमा भागबन्डा लगाउन लोकतान्त्रिक गठबन्धन बाध्य हुनुपर्ने देखिएको मधेसी नेताको विश्लेषण छ । रूपान्तरित संसद्मा फोरम नेपालको २ निर्वाचित र १३ समानुपातिकसहित १५ सदस्य, राजपाका ५ निर्वाचित र २० समानुपातिक गरी २५ जना सांसद छन् ।
स्थानीय तहको तेस्रो चरण निर्वाचनमा फोरम नेपाल वीरगन्ज महानगरपालिकासहित २६, राजपा जनकपुर उपमहानगरपालिकासहित २५ र कांग्रेसले ४० स्थान जितेका थिए । स्थानीय तहमा प्राप्त गरेको दुई पार्टीको कुल संख्या ५१ पुग्छ । सत्ता नेतृत्वको कांग्रेस ४० सिटमा सीमित छ । स्थानीय तहको ताजा जनादेशअनुसार प्रदेश २ मा कांग्रेसभन्दा फोरम नेपाल र राजपाको गठजोड ११ तहमा बढी हुन आउँछ । ताजा जनादेशअनुसार नै आसन्न संसद् र प्रदेश सभामा स्थान पाउनुपर्ने रणनीति दुई पार्टीले बनाएका हुन् ।
एमाले, माओवादी केन्द्र र नयाँ शक्तिबीचको वाम चुनावी तालमेलबाट तर्सेको कांग्रेसका लागि राजपा तथा फोरम नेपालसहितको लोकतान्त्रिक गठबन्धन निर्माण प्रक्रियाले केही हदसम्म मलमपट्टी लगाए पनि शुक्रबार यादव र ठाकुरबीचको सहमतिले ठूलै संकट पार्ने अनुमान लगाउन थालिएको छ ।
यादव र ठाकुरबीचको सहमतिको रणनीति दुई पार्टीले प्रदेश २ मा केन्द्रीय संसद्को ३२ सिट तथा प्रदेश सभाको ६४ सिटमध्येबाट ५० प्रतिशत माग गर्ने रहेको स्रोतको दाबी छ ।
प्रदेश नं. १, ५, ६ र ७ का १८ जिल्लामा राम्रो प्रभाव रहेका यी दुई दलको गठबन्धनले लोकतान्त्रिक गठबन्धन त्यसमा पनि कांग्रेससँग राजनीतिक स्तरको लेनदेन गर्ने वातावरण बनाएको छ ।
प्रदेश २ मा फोरम-राजपा सरकार
कांग्रेस नेतृत्वको लोकतान्त्रिक गठबन्धनले प्रदेश २ मा फोरम नेपाल र राजपा गठबन्धनलाई प्रदेश सरकार स्विकार्ने गरी सहमति गरे आफूहरूले कांग्रेसको पक्षमा हिमाल, पहाड र अन्य केही क्षेत्रमा समेत खुलेर सहयोग गर्न सक्ने फोरम नेपाल संसदीय दलका प्रमुख सचेतक शिवजी यादवले बताए ।
उनले अन्नपूर्णसँग भने, ‘प्रदेश २ मा कांग्रेसले देखाउने उदारता, लचकता र सहयोगीपूर्ण भावनाले यो मुलुकको भविष्य निर्धारण हुन्छ । हामी अन्य प्रदेशमा कांग्रेसको सरकार बनाउन खुलेर सहयोग गर्छौं ।'
कांग्रेससँग आफूहरूले मधेसी १० शीर्ष नेता जिताउने प्रतिबद्धतासमेत माग गरेको उनले जानकारी दिए । राजपाका वरिष्ठ उपाध्यक्ष लक्ष्मणलाल कर्णले प्रदेश २ मा कांग्रेसले राजपा र फोरम नेपालको भविष्य देख्ने गरी चुनावी रणनीति अख्तियार गर्नु जरुरी रहेको जिकिर गरे ।
Kazuo Ishiguro wins 2017 Nobel Prize in Literature
STOCKHOLM, Oct. 5 (Xinhua) The Nobel Prize in Literature for 2017 is awarded to Kazuo Ishiguro “who, in novels of great emotional force, has uncovered the abyss beneath our illusory sense of connection with the world”, the Swedish Academy announced in Stockholm on Thursday.
Kazuo Ishiguro has been a full-time author ever since his first book, A Pale View of Hills (1982). The themes Ishiguro is most associated with are already present here: memory, time, and self-delusion, said the Swedish Academy in his biobibliographical notes.
Ishiguro's writings are marked by a carefully restrained mode of expression, independent of whatever events are taking place. At the same time, his more recent fiction contains fantastic features, the notes added.
“His novel, as in several others, we also find musical influences,” the notes said, adding that apart from his eight books, Ishiguro has also written scripts for film and television.
Kazuo Ishiguro was born on Nov. 8, 1954 in Nagasaki, Japan. The family moved to the United Kingdom when he was five years old. In the late 1970s, Ishiguro graduated in English and Philosophy at the University of Kent, and then went on to study Creative Writing at the University of East Anglia.
This year's prize is 9 million SEK (1.1 million U.S. dollars).
Nadal sets up Dimitrov semi-final showdown
2017-10-06 18:05
BEIJING, Oct. 6 (AFP) – World number one Rafael Nadal tamed the big-serving American John Isner 6-4, 7-6 (7/0) to surge into the semi-finals of the China Open on Friday.
The brilliant Spaniard, on course for a sixth title this season, faces Bulgaria's third seed Grigor Dimitrov in the last four on Beijing's outdoor hard courts.The 31-year-old Nadal described Isner's serve as “huge” on the eve of their quarter-final blockbuster.And Nadal came under the expected barrage before he grabbed the crucial break of serve in the ninth game of a tight first set.
Isner, seeded sixth, blasted 11 aces in the opening set but Nadal punished him at the first sniff of an opportunity.The second set was even tighter, until Nadal stepped up another gear in the tie break.
Anti-nuclear weapon campaigner ICAN wins Nobel Peace Prize
7 Oct, Oslo: The International Campaign to Abolish Nuclear Weapons (ICAN) won the 2017 Nobel Peace Prize Friday for its “efforts to achieve a treaty-based prohibition of such weapons,” the Norwegian Nobel Committee announced.
“The organization is receiving the award for its work to draw attention to the catastrophic humanitarian consequences of any use of nuclear weapons and for its ground-breaking efforts to achieve a treaty-based prohibition of such weapons,” Berit Reiss-Andersen, chairperson of the five-member committee, said in her announcement.
Nuclear weapons are not yet subject to any international legal prohibition such as what land mines, cluster munitions and biological and chemical weapons face, she said. “Through its work, ICAN has helped to fill this legal gap.”
ICAN, a coalition of non-governmental organizations from around 100 different countries, “has been a driving force in prevailing upon the world's nations to pledge to cooperate with all relevant stakeholders in efforts to stigmatize, prohibit and eliminate nuclear weapons,” Reiss-Andersen said.
She said the Norwegian Nobel Committee wished to emphasize that the next steps towards attaining a world free of nuclear weapons must involve the nuclear-armed states.
“This year's Peace Prize is therefore also a call upon these states to initiate serious negotiations with a view to the gradual, balanced and carefully monitored elimination of the almost 15,000 nuclear weapons in the world,” Reiss-Andersen said.
She noted that five of the states that currently have nuclear weapons — the United States, Russia, Britain, France and China — have already committed to this objective through their accession to the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons of 1970.
“The Non-Proliferation Treaty will remain the primary international legal instrument for promoting nuclear disarmament and preventing further spread of such weapons,” she said.
There are 318 candidates for the Nobel Peace Prize for 2017, out of which 215 are individuals and 103 are organizations. This was the second highest number of candidates ever as the record of 376 candidates was set in 2016. Xinhua
Feder: Suburban staffers protest stalled contract talks with tronc
hello
Editorial employees at the Pioneer Press suburban newspapers, the Lake County News-Sun and the Northwest Indiana Post-Tribune, who've been without a contract since last December, are turning up the heat on owner tronc, Robert Feder writes. In a letter to advertisers, the 25 journalists represented by Chicago News Guild said their pay rates are the same as they were eight years ago. For the full report, go to robertfeder.com.
COCONUT GROVE, FLA. (WSVN) - - A man who was jailed overseas and now finally home in South Florida received a benefit show in his honor.
Matty Gonzalez was detained in Abu Dhabi after officials found his prescription pain killers.
He had them for a shoulder injury, but he was not able to present the required paperwork.
He was sentenced to two years in prison.
Sunday night, the musician held a dinner party in Coconut Grove to raise money to help cover the costs of his legal bills in Abu Dhabi.
‘Feels pretty good to be here to do it,” Gonzalez said. “The support I have received from tons of people I probably don't even know has been overwhelming.”
Gonzalez was joined on stage by friends and performed some original music.
He also shared some stories about his experience.
Copyright 2017 Sunbeam Television Corp. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
- New Vision has a story here about WWE's three-show tour of South Africa, which concluded this past weekend. Strowman talked about visiting the country, noting that it was always on his bucket list.
"Africa is so beautiful, it has always been on my bucket list," Strowman said. "There is so much natural beauty, the cultures are amazing. Everywhere we go we meet very passionate WWE fans, but here it was awesome."
- Linda McMahon is the keynote speaker for the "Salute to Small Business" event next Wednesday, May 2nd, at the Columbia Metropolitan Convention Center at the University of South Carolina. Tickets are available here.
- For today only, you can take 30% off orders and 20% off championship titles at WWEShop.com. There is no promo code necessary, just use this link.
See Also Harley Race On How It Was To Work For Vince McMahon In The 1980s
- WWE Hall of Famer Harley Race was backstage at last night's RAW in St. Louis. The seven-time former NWA World Heavyweight Champion lives in the area. Natalya posted the photo below on Instagram with Race:
Fans Do Not Want Hina's Name To Be Dragged Unnecessarily!
A fan asked her, "Vikas is all right na???" - (sic). She replied, "Ya why what hapnd." - (sic). Another fan wrote, "I don't want you to comment or to be dragged in this matter. But cause of Vikas Gupta Whole Hina fandom is called of without doing anything wrong. It was his own fan who passed bad remarks for Karan Patel while his comments made us fall in the trap." - (sic)
Hina Responds To The Fan's Distasteful Comment!
Hina replied to the concerned fan, "I always feel truth hs its own life n a unique but certain way of coming out. No point tryin to prove tht water is liquid if u know what I mean! As a celebrity or as a fan we al cn always b smart bout r reactions on things. My dear Hinaholics you all are true and unique souls❤️"- (sic)
The Ex-Bigg Boss Contestant Trolled For Her Goa Trip Pictures
Hina's fan, who was disappointed that many trolled her for her Goa trip, wrote, "@eyehinakhan I listen lots of unfair things about you on your Goa trip I am very disappointed by this ... You want to say something about this..." - (sic)
The Actress Reacts To The Trolls!
The actress replied to the concerned fan, "I enjoyed my trip, and as a fan or as an appreciator if u love me, you shud also enjoy the moments I shared with u.. don't care about the trollers or the media (who acknowledge them) and give them a voice.. likewise if we talk about it we do the same.. so think and ignore.." - (sic)
‘Kuch To Log Kahenge'
When a fan asked Hina to dedicate a song to hinaholics, she wrote, "Kuch to log kahenge.. logun ka kaam hai kehna.. #HinaBoltiHaiAbhiBusHoGaya bole toh full stop ✋" - (sic)
Isaiah 40:1-5, 9-11
2 Peter 3:8-14
Mark 1:1-8
Today's readings show us the twofold message of the season of Advent in very clear detail. Many of us are aware of the first message, because we are already preparing for the family and secular celebrations that commemorate, sometimes however unknowingly, the first part of the meaning of Advent. We know that Advent is a time of preparation, and we often take that to mean a preparation for Christmas, and in the most religious and biblical sense it is a preparation for the birth of Christ, for our commemoration of that birth, and our remembering what that birth meant for the world, and means to our world even today.
There is a two-fold meaning to the season of Advent, and that is very clearly illustrated by our readings today, especially by the inclusion of the second reading from the Second Epistle of St. Peter. In the first reading we are given a prophecy of God's care for his people and his desire to send them a Messiah for their own good and their own comfort. The people of Israel are told that they need to prepare for the coming of this Messiah, “in the desert prepare the way of the Lord, make straight in the wasteland a highway for our God.” (cf. Isaiah 40:1-5) In the days of the prophet Isaiah of our Old Testament passage today, this was a prophecy of the Messiah, one where the Prophet speaks of a God who comes in power and glory, but also comes with compassion for his people, and comes because of compassion for his people, out of a desire to end their suffering and the misery of this passing world, and of someone who comes before the Messiah to proclaim the message that the Messiah is coming, to “make straight a highway for our God.”
In the Gospel it is made crystal clear that the person who heralds the coming of Jesus as Messiah and Lord is John the Baptist, that he comes in the spirit of Elijah to proclaim the message that the Messiah is coming, and that indeed the Messiah is here, and he knew in his day that the Messiah was living among men. John understood, even if all of his followers did not understand, that his role was a limited one, his job was to proclaim that the Messiah was here, and he was to prepare people's hearts and minds for that reality. That preparation was very important, because a Jew of that time would have heard the message of John the Baptist that the Messiah was coming very soon and they would have understood that to be an apocalyptic message, a message which said at the very least that the world that they understood and knew was about to change, and at the most it represented the end of the world as they know it. Most of John the Baptist's followers would likely have seen that as a good thing, because the world as they knew it was not a very pleasant place for most of them, and it wasn't a very nice place for many observant Jews. These people believed that when the Messiah comes, that he would make all things right, that Justice would be done for those who have been oppressed, that pagan or worldly rule over the people of God would come to an end, and that righteousness would reign in a new world forever restored according to God's ancient promise to His people. To this day those Jews who fervently believe in the coming of the Messiah-those Jews who believe that he has not come yet-still hold that the coming of the Messiah will not only bring about a permanent restoration of the Davidic Kingdom, something that we believe has happened with the coming of Jesus Christ, but that all of the wrong in the world will be made right and that God will finally bring Justice to the world. That Justice will especially come to those who are poor, oppressed, forgotten, or who could not get Justice in this life. If the wheels of your mind are turning and you understand Church teaching about the second and final return of Christ you might be saying to yourself “wow, that sounds a lot like what the Church teaches the new Heaven and the new Earth will be like.” That is exactly right, and that is exactly why Advent has a two-fold meaning, which leads us to the significance of why the second reading was included today, and we understand why it is not out of place.
The two-fold meaning of Advent is that we first remember the coming of Our Lord Jesus Christ into this world for the sake of us and our salvation, and the redemption of all humanity. It is placed at the head of our liturgical calendar for that reason, because in the Church's year we travel together through all of the parts and phases of the Lord's life and ministry on this earth. However, the second part of the meaning of Advent is that we remember that the ministry and purpose of Christ was not finished when he rose from the dead and ascended into Heaven. That ministry was to continue through his Church, through the apostles and through their successors, and through the People of God working to advance the Kingdom of God in this passing world. It will come to a conclusion when Christ finally does return in glory to “make all things new.” (cf. Rev. 21:5) When people heard and read the Prophet Isaiah, if they believed the words that we read in the first reading today, it was that reality that they were looking forward to. When people heard John the Baptist speak of “one mighter than I” who was coming after him, that reality of Divine Restoration, Justice, and Compassion, of the end of a flawed and corrupt world system, was what many of them were looking forward to.
Even by the day of the writer of 2nd Peter, people were beginning to speculate about when the Lord would return and bring about the Consummation of All Things (cf. CCC 670-677). Peter reminds us that the Lord doesn't work on our time, indeed the great Catholic biblical commentators of yesteryear often reminded us that God is outside of human time and that all things are in the present to Him now, and that means that He sees the End from the Beginning. For much of my lifetime, a great many people have concerned themselves with whether or not Our Lord was about to return. It has become especially popular in certain evangelical circles to speculate about what (mostly American) evangelicals call “the Rapture,” and when that will happen. Divine and Catholic faith is very clear and has been from the very beginnings of the Church, the Lord will return as He promised (cf. Acts 1:10-11), and it will be “in a moment, in the twinkling of an eye, at the last Trumpet,” (cf. 1 Corinthians 15:51-53) that first the dead in Christ will rise and then those who are alive at that time will be “caught up,” those are the words of Scripture. (cf. 1 Thess. 4:13-18) That won't happen in secret, however, the whole world will know when Jesus Christ has returned in glory, because “every knee shall bow and every tongue confess that Jesus Christ is Lord to the glory of God the Father.” (cf. Phil. 2:10-11) We don't know when it will happen, but we can rest assured that we serve a God who keeps His promises, and that Our Lord will return just as He promised when He ascended into Heaven. Advent is a liturgical event that serves to remind us that just as Christ came to humanity as a baby born into the poverty of His time, He will come again, there will be another Advent, and at this second Advent He will return in “power and great glory” to “make all things new.” (cf. Matthew 24:30-31)
Even as Advent reminds us of the coming of the baby who was laid in the manger, and Advent reminds us afresh that one day Christ who was that child will return to bring final Justice to this world, it should also serve to remind us that we, too, will have our own meeting with Christ at the end of our lives. Just as we do not know not the day or the hour of Christ's second and final Coming, we do not know the day, nor the hour, nor the means by which our lives in this world will end and the Advent of Christ will become very real to us when we stand before Him. As we prepare for Christmas and celebrate Christ's coming as man, it would befit all of us to ask, are we “preparing the way of the Lord” in our own lives so that when our time here is complete, we are more ready to meet Jesus than we will be ready for the guests and the family and the gifts at Christmastime.
The road to Windsor continues today with the sixth round of the Irish Cup.
There are six ties across Northern Ireland with the north Belfast derby between Cliftonville and Crusaders arguably the pick of the bunch. Here's a look at the fixtures and some match previews.
Subscribe to FT.com
Subscribe to read: Markets outlook: the big issues facing investors in 2017
Already a subscriber? Sign in here
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get What's On updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
August Bank Holiday weekend is a good opportunity to get away for a few days.
That might mean glamping or caravanning - or fleeing the UK altogether in search of sunshine.
No one will blame you for wanting to jet off somewhere sunny as the British summer hasn't been very good so far.
Luckily, there are plenty of options.
The August Bank Holiday weekend is the start of the last week of the long summer holidays before autumn term begins on Monday, September 4.
This means that children and teenagers are already off school and free to go away on a break with parents.
And after seeing the forecast for August Bank Holiday weekend , you might well feel like escaping from it all.
Lastminute.com
Over at lastminute.com , there are a number of August bank holiday city breaks on offer including Amsterdam, Paris (via Eurostar), Barcelona, Rome, Prague, Budapest, Brussels (via Eurostar), Berlin, Venice and New York.
All depart on August 25 or 26 and are for one, two or three nights.
Weekend breaks in the UK are also available at lastminute.com if you'd rather stay closer to home.
Expedia
Expedia has long weekend getaways with 20 per cent off if you book by August 26.
It's also got an Expedia Escape Sale to destinations including Venice, Barcelona, Rome, Dubai, Marrakech and Bali.
Among them, you can head to Dubai for a total cost of £424 per person (flight and four nights stay at hotel) or stay in Bali for £41 (per night, hotel only).
Jet2
(Image: iStockphoto)
Several hot deals are available flying from Birmingham Airport .
There are great prices at Jet2.com including flights from £25. It started operating from Birmingham at the end of March.
We looked at what's on offer from Jet2 around August Bank Holiday 2017 and here are some of the main deals that came up:
Birmingham to Tenerife
Outbound flights from £35, return flights from £65
Birmingham to Rhodes (Greece)
Outbound flights from £45 per person, return flights from £135
Birmingham to Paphos (Cyprus)
Outbound flights from £70, return flights from £127
Birmingham to Heraklion (Crete)
Outbound flights from £45, return flights from £68
Birmingham to Gran Canaria
Outbound flights from £35, return flights from £119
(Image: iStockphoto)
Birmingham to Faro (Portugal)
Outbound flights from £44, return flights from £83
Birmingham to Alicante (Spain)
Outbound flights from £39, return flights from £117
Birmingham to Ibiza
Outbound flights from £25, return flights from £44
Birmingham to Lanzarote
Outbound flights from £35, return flights from £59
Birmingham to Majorca
Outbound flights from £37, return flights from £46
Global Grind
[anvplayer video=”4247306″]
Daisy Ridley, Mark Hamill and Rian Johnson give us a break down of how they filmed their insane Jedi training scene in Star Wars: The Last Jedi which hit theaters Friday. FYI: Daisy is a full-on member of the Bey Hive.
Also On 93.9 WKYS:
Former Cheltenham Champion Hurdler Faugheen, who was pulled up on his last run at Leopardstown, returned to the South Co. Dublin track to redeem his reputation in the BHP Insurance Irish Champion Hurdle (Grade 1) on Saturday.
Sent off the warm-priced 9-10 favourite, Faugheen took up the early running and led most of the way in the 2 mile contest, looking much more like his old self, though jockey Paul Townend would later confirm that his mount didn't seem as good to him as earlier this season.
Jessica Harrington has had remarkable success over the past 12 months, especially with Our Duke winning the Irish Grand National and Sizing John claiming Gold Cups at Leopardstown, Cheltenham and Punchestown. Supasundae (8/1), runner-up to the classy Apple's Jade over three miles in a Grade 1 contest at the Leopardstown Christmas Festival, provided the Co-Kildare-based trainer with another Grade 1 success when holding off Faugheen in the closing stages of the main race on Day 1 of the Dublin Racing Festival 2018.
Despite Faugheen's best effort he could never quite shake off Supasundae who tailed him all the way over the 2 mile distance before taking charge after the last flight of hurdles for a two and a quarter length success.
Winning trainer Jessica Harrington couldn't hide her delight with a horse that has been entered for the longer SunBets Stayers Hurdle at Cheltenham winning the 2-mile event:
“I came here as a prep race for the 3m hurdle at Cheltenham – that's some prep race. He's only in the 3m hurdle at Cheltenham so that's where he's going.”
Faugheen's puzzled owner Rich Ricci couldn't hide his disappointment following his star horse's defeat, admitting:
“Faugheen is 10 after all. He ran well, just didn't win, whatever the reason I don't know, he was better than the last day – but no real answers!”
Gordon Elliott's Mick Jazz (8/1) who won the Ryanair Hurdle at Leopardstown's Christmas Festival finished in third place. His trainer revealed that the US-owned horse will go to the Champion Hurdle at Cheltenham before attempting to win the American Grand National.
Police in Co Fermanagh are currently carrying out a number of searches in connection with the suspected importation of drugs.
The searches are taking place in the Enniskillen area.
Inspector Glen Latimer said: “Officers in the Fermanagh and Omagh District are committed to tackling the menace posed by illegal drugs and the misuse of prescription drugs.
“We will take action where information suggests drug dealing or supply offences are taking place and will take steps to place offenders before the courts.
“Drugs are a scourge on communities and families and we want to work with local people to address any issues they may face. Police can be contacted by calling 101 or information can be given anonymously to the Crimestoppers charity on 0800 555 111.”
A lucky punter in Christchurch will be popping champagne after winning tonight's whopping $20.2 million Lotto Powerball prize.
The winning ticket was sold at Hornby Mall Lotto in Christchurch.
The total prize was made up of $20 million from Powerball First Division and $200,000 from Lotto First Division.
It is the first Powerball win for 2018 and the fourth largest prize won in the South Island.
Advertisement
The win follows on from 19 Powerball wins last year.
Four other lucky Lotto players from Mangawhai, Auckland and Nelson will also be celebrating after scooping $200,000 with Lotto First Division.
The winning Lotto tickets were sold at Molesworth Four Square in Mangawhai, Botany Junction Four Square in Auckland, Richmond Night n Day in Nelson and on MyLotto to a player from Auckland.
Strike Four rolled over and will be $400,000 on Wednesday night.
France Under-20 26 Ireland Under-20 24
Fortune doesn't always favour the brave because if it did, Ireland would have won their opening World Under-20 Championship encounter at Stade Aimé Giral in Perpignan on Wednesday night. France played the better rugby and their three converted tries in the 10 minutes after half-time transformed a 17-5 deficit into what ultimately proved a game-winning lead.
Ireland's Diarmuid Barron, Tommy O'Brien, Caelan Doris, Jack Dunne and Matthew Agnew were standout performers but every member of the pack deserves huge credit. The disappointment will be acute because with a little better discipline they could have rescued a victory.
The first half was laden with incidents. France's left wing Maxime Marty might have crossed for a hat-trick of tries but had to settle for one, denied by a brilliant cover tackle at the corner flag and then when his fullback Clement Laporte butchered a simple two-on-one run-in by delaying the pass.
If the Ireland defence enjoyed a charmed existence on those occasions, they fully deserved their 17-5 half-time lead, based on a monumental performance from the pack.
The visitors discovered a soft underbelly when taking on the French defence through the middle and on the fringes of rucks, and it was a precursor to their two tries, the first from Donegal-born flanker Joe Dunleavy and a sharp finish from the excellent scrumhalf Hugh O'Sullivan in first-half injury time.
At that point Ireland were a man down, tighthead prop Jack Aungier penalised for a high tackle on French outhalf Romain Ntamack. It was a particularly costly indiscretion because as play initially continued Ireland's right wing Tom Roche stepped in to intercept a French pass and raced 40-metres to the French line.
However, after consulting with the television match official Graham Hughes, referee Karl Dickson, the former Harlequins scrumhalf, ruled out the try and brandished the yellow card. A word too for his immediate replacement Joe Byrne, he came on and locked out a couple of scrums when his team had seven forwards.
Whatever pep talk France received at the interval it worked as they scored three tries within 10 minutes of the re-start through their halfbacks, Coville and Ntamack and a second from Marty – the latter converted all three – but appreciably facilitated by some naive and brittle Irish defence. It was an issue during the Six Nations and it resurfaced in Perpignan; too many missed straight up tackles.
Unfortunately the malaise spread to the lineout and the scrum, Ireland's error-rate began to spiral as they fatigued but there is plenty of character and courage in this team and despite the physical ravages of the contest they scored a third try on 71 minutes, scored and converted by Harry Byrne to make it 26-24 to the home side. The outstanding Barron carried brilliantly several times.
But just when Ireland needed to be precise and clinical they conceded three quick penalties that allowed the home side a lineout five metres from the Irish line – bizarrely France turned down a kick at goal – but the visitors snaffled the ball back and a great run and kick by Johnny Stewart gave Ireland one final opportunity; a final turnover allowed France to hold out.
SCORING SEQUENCE – 4 mins: Marty try, 5-0; 17: H Byrne penalty, 5-3; 21: Dunleavy try, H Byrne conversion, 5-10; 40 (+1): O'Sullivan try, H Byrne conversion, 5-17. Half-time: 5-17. 43: Coville try, Ntamack conversion, 12-17; 44: Ntamack try, Ntamack try conversion, 19-17; 50: Marty try, Ntamack try, 26-17; 71: H Byrne try, H Byrne conversion, 26-24.
FRANCE U-20: C Laporte; L Tauzin, P-L Barassi, A Securet, M Marty; R Ntamack, A Coville; H Kolincar, M Lamothe, D Brennan; T Lavault, K Geraci; S Zegueur, C Woki, C Francoz.
Replacements: J Joseph for Zegueur (32 mins); D Bamba for Brennan (half-time); J B Gros for Kollingar; G Marchand for Lamothe (both 50 mins); P-H Azagoh for Geraci (55 mins); J Gimbert for Coville; M Lebel for Marty (both 65 mins).
IRELAND U-20: M Silvester (Dublin University); T Roche (Lansdowne), T O'Brien (UCD), P Sylvester (UCC), D Hurley (Young Munster); H Byrne (UCD), H O'Sullivan (Clontarf); J French (UCC), D Barron(Garryowen), J Aungier (St Mary's College); M Dalton (Malone), J Dunne(Dublin University); J Dunleavy (Malone), M Agnew (Ballymena), C Doris (St Mary's College, capt).
Replacements: S O'Brien (Clontarf) for Hurley (27 mins); J Byrne (Dublin University) for Dunleavy (36-43 mins) and for Aungier (57 mins); C Daly (Clontarf) for Dalton (HIA, 50 mins); C Dean (St Mary's College) for H Byrne (HIA, 50-58 mins); A Hall (Ballynahinch) for Dunleavy; J Stewart (QUB) for O'Sullivan (both 67 mins); D Sheehan (Dublin University) for Barron (75 mins).
Yellow card: Jack Aungier (Ireland) 33 mins.
Referee: K Dickson (England)
Protestors shout slogans in front of Trump Tower ahead President Donald Trump's visit to the building New York, Monday, Aug. 14, 2017. Andres Kudacki AP Photo
Experienced Mechanic needed at Interbike's ‘Bicycle Retailer of The Year'! Boulder Cycle Sport.
Please e-mail your resume to hr@bouldercyclesport. We look forward to hearing from you!
Share this:
Tweet
Lagos – The Innoson Vehicle Manufacturing Company (IVM) on Wednesday said that its efforts to upgrade from 10,000 cars production capacity annually to 60,000 was being hampered by litigations against the company.
The company's Head, Corporate Communications, Mr Cornel Osigwe, who made the disclosure at a news conference in Lagos, said the factory's upgrading from manual to automated production was also affected.
Osigwe said that the recent charge filed by the Economic Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC) at a Lagos High Court was distracting and affecting operations in the company.
According to him, even the workers are in fear of being harassed.
“There has been an advertorial by the EFFC declaring Dr Innocent Chukwuma, the Chairman of IVM wanted.
“That publication has maligned his image and reputation as well as put him in bad light as somebody who is a criminal. This is not so.
“The fact of the matter is that there has been an abuse of court process by the EFCC over a business disagreement between IVM and Guarantee Trust Bank which started in 2013,'' he alleged.
“This same case instituted by the EFCC is still pending at the Federal High Court, Lagos and at the Court of Appeal, Lagos.
“Recently, the same EFCC filed a fresh charge of the same case and allegation at the Lagos High Court. This is clearly an abuse of court process by the EFCC.
“Innoson is contesting that the Lagos High court has no jurisdiction to entertain the suit and not afraid of arraignments or running away from the court.
“He is saying that he must be arraigned through due process of the law,'' he said.
Osigwe said that IVM represented the hope, identity and story of Nigeria, as well as the die-hard spirit of Nigerians to make things happen.
“'So, we want Nigerians to know the facts of the issue.''
It will be recalled that Chukwuma is standing trial in a matter between his company and the EFFC.
He was arraigned alongside his company for allegedly forging documents to facilitate the clearing of some goods at the port.
Specifically, he was alleged to have forged documents purportedly emanating from GTB Bank. (NAN)
The Treasury Department paid $220,000 to settle a sexual harassment lawsuit in 2014 brought by a former congressional staffer against Congressional Black Caucus member Rep. Alcee Hastings (D-Fla.), Roll Call reported.
RELATED: Rep. John Conyers Now Confirms Settling Sexual Harassment Claims But Denies Allegations
“Until this evening, I had not seen the settlement agreement between the Commission on Security and Cooperation in Europe (CSCE) and Ms. Packer. This matter was handled solely by the Senate Chief Counsel for Employment. At no time was I consulted, nor did I know until after the fact that such a settlement was made,” Hastings stated. The congressman added that he's “outraged” that public money was spent to settle the “ludicrous” allegations.
Among the unanswered questions: Who all knew about the settlement? — Exclusive: Taxpayers Paid $220K to Settle Case Involving Rep. Alcee Hastings https://t.co/Ai1eBiU5YM pic.twitter.com/MZXOmzD1Yc — Roll Call (@rollcall) December 10, 2017
Winsome Packer, the former congressional staff member, alleged in documents that Hastings touched her, made unwanted sexual advances, and threatened her job. They were working together on the Commission on Security and Cooperation in Europe when the congressman was serving as committee chairman. The settlement was not included in a document released last month by the Office of Compliance, which shows a breakdown of payouts over the past five years to settle complaints against House members.
However, the Roll Call obtained files that show the Office of Compliance approved the $220,000 settlement to Packer. She received a payment in that amount from the Treasury Department in May 2014. The Office of Compliance did not return a request for comments. This revelation is the latest in a wave of sexual harassment cases to rock Capitol Hill. Arizona Republican Rep. Trent Franks announced on Thursday that he would resign at the end of January after the House Ethics Committee said it would probe sexual harassment allegations against him. Democrats Sen. Al Franken of Minnesota and Rep. John Conyers Jr. also announce their resignations over sexual harassment claims last week.
SOURCE: Roll Call
SEE ALSO:
Steve Harvey Sued Over Alleged Charity Fraud, Criticisms Of Oprah and Tyler Perry
Golden Krust Faces More Financial Woes After CEO Commits Suicide
Many of the age spots and moles can be unattractive and annoying, encouraging individuals to desire removal and blemish treatment.Mole and age spots removal services are available in Langley, Canada.
Give yourself a boost of confidence and a healthy glow with services designed to improve your skin conditions. You can depend on the professional and expert team at White Rock Laser Clinic for effective skin care treatments in the most comfortable environment.
Having worked with hundreds of clients, we continue to appreciate the response and believe in the utmost care and respect for each and every client. As a valued client at White Rock Laser Clinic, you will benefit from our non-surgical procedures, providing optimal results for your specific skin care needs.
All our non-surgical procedures are performed by high qualified and experienced dermatologists, you can be confident that each procedure is executed by trained professionals. We ensure safety and high quality results for all treatments.
As one of the best provider of skincare solutions in Langley, Canada, White Rock Laser Clinic offers effective laser skin care treatments to help skin stay healthy and maintain a youthful radiance.
Talk to one of our representative to determine what's right for you and get a customized treatment plan.
The Nigerian Copyright Commission (NCC) has confiscated pirated materials worth about ten billion Naira in the last six years in the country.
Mr. Afam Ezekude, the NCC Director-General, made this known on Monday in an interview with newsmen in Abuja.
“The commission has scaled up its enforcement activities in the last six and half years and we have seized pirated items to the tune of over 10 billion naira; remove from markets and shops.
“So, in terms of enforcement and prosecution, things have really, dramatically changed over the last six and half years and the creative industry should be well aware of that,” he said.
Ezekude also said that the commission's strategies in eradicating piracy remained the same.
He said that the commission would introduce new legislations to strengthen the fight against piracy in the country.
“The draft copyright bill is undergoing fine-tuning at the office of the Attorney General.
“We are hoping that with the new bill becoming a law, it will help to make the copyright industry more vibrant and encourage more creativity and it will address the issue of piracy on the internet.
“So these are the sort of things we are hoping to achieve in the next years so that the industry will become a more vibrant industry and contribute more to the economy and the GDP of the country.
The Copyright Decree No. 47 of 1988 established NCC in August 1989.
Bereaved Napier mum Mary Pakoti knows nothing could have saved her daughter when she collapsed after a rugby league game last year.
But she still has questions about what caused the head injuries from which Katiana Pakoti Waikato died at the age of 22, and doesn't believe it had happened in the game she'd just played for "my old club" Tamatea Arikinui, or on that day.
Leaving behind toddler son Klyzhae, Katiana died when her mother consented to life support being terminated at Hawke's Bay Hospital on the night of August 27 last year, a few hours after complaining of a headache and collapsing as she walked from the field towards "baby brother" Nathan after a Rugby League Hawke's Bay women's game against Dannevirke Tigers at the Hawke's Bay Regional Sports Park.
Pakoti was speaking at home last night in Maraenui after hearing of the release of a report by Coroner Tim Scott saying Katiana died from a head injury "sustained while playing a game of rugby league," and that it was likely she had hit her head on the ground in a tackle, some undetermined time before she collapsed.
Advertisement
"There is nothing to suggest that the circumstances of the injury were caused by or contributed to in any way by illegal or unsporting play," Scott stressed.
"Sadly, the game of rugby league along with many other commonly engaged-in sporting activities has a risk factor about it."
Mary Pakoti believes her daughter may have had a recent pre-existing head injury and wants to ask more questions of the coroner, although a post mortem she said she would have wanted was not of the cultural beliefs on her Cook Islands side of the family.
She said that on the day nothing could have saved her daughter, who just weeks earlier had staged the tangi for her own father, Robert Waikato, at her home, also in Maraenui.
Katiana went to primary school at Peterhead in Flaxmere before a short time at Flaxmere College, prior to leaving for Southland where she went to Menzies College in Wyndham.
She had only just taken up rugby league again, having previously played for Omahu Huia.
Reporting on the inquiry into the circumstances of the death, the coroner said: "It is not totally clear what happened, but as best as I can determine Katiana got possession of the ball and then was either tackled and fell backwards or (less likely) stumbled and fell backwards."
"She hit the back of her head hard on the ground," he said. "She was able to get up, but could not continue playing."
She was able to walk from the field and across the car park before she collapsed.
Team manager Evelyn Rapaea, a registered nurse, was reported as saying she saw the player leave the field and heard her say she had a sore head.
She and others hurried to help Waikato, and an ambulance was called, but it was not until she collapsed that Rapaea realised how serious it was, the coroner was told.
Waikato was taken to Hawke's Bay Hospital in Hastings, but died at about 8.50pm.
The medical cause of death, determined by Dr Matthew Bailey, was a subdural haemorrhage, as the result of the rugby league injury.
Mary Pakoti, who had also played in the past for Tamatea Arikinui and remained a member of the club's pool team, was concerned that she had not seen the coroner's report before it was released publicly.
She learned of its release only when daughter-in-law Herena Petera showed her a news-site report.
BEIJING (AP) " The International Monetary Fund has urged China to speed up reforms meant to slow surging growth of debt that is fueling concern about the stability of its financial system.
The IMF's first deputy managing director, David Lipton, said Tuesday after meeting Chinese officials the reform process must accelerate to avoid a "sharp adjustment" in the slowing economy.
China faces mounting warnings that its rapidly rising debt load since the 2008 financial crisis could depress economic growth or threaten the health of banks. The Moody's ratings agency cut China's credit rating on May 25, citing rising debt risks.
Lipton said the IMF believes Beijing also needs to move faster in encouraging expansion of domestic consumption instead of trade and investment and to increase the role of market forces.
Your news how you want it.
On the go and no time to finish that story right now? Your News is the place for you to save content to read later from any device. Register with us and content you save will appear here so you can access them to read later.
WARSAW, Poland (AP) — A spokesman for Poland's Navy says that three Russian-made submarine signaling missiles have been found in recent days at different locations on Poland's Baltic Sea beaches.
Speaking from a Navy base in Gdynia, Cmdr. Radoslaw Pioch said Wednesday the missiles came from a submarine type Kilo, made in Russia. They were found at two locations on the Hel Peninsula and on the Sobieszewska Island, within the Bay of Gdansk area that borders Russia's Kaliningrad region with its military port.
Sappers have removed two of them and are searching for the third one. It was not clear when they got to the beaches but could be a remainder from exercise, Pioch said.
Signaling missiles are fired by emerging submarines when they want to mark their location.
As Above, So Below: Portals, Visions, Spirits & Mystics, Imma, Dublin
*****
One of numerous highlights in As Above, So Below is the inclusion of one of Bruce Nauman's first environmental sculptures, Natural Light, Blue Light Room, from 1971. The artist was totally amenable to the installation being remade for one of the rooms at Imma.
Simple, immersive and very effective, it sets a strip of ceiling-mounted blue neon lights against a strip of daylight at floor level. It is intentionally disorientating. As Nauman put it, you don't know “what to focus on and even if you did, it would be hard to focus”.
There's an ambiguously transcendent note to the work's matter-of-factness. Co-curator Sam Thorne likens it to Nauman's 1967 piece, The True Artist Helps the World by Revealing Mystic Truths. It's a plausible aesthetic sentiment, but one also suspects that he might be having us on.
In a way the same holds true for As Above, So Below. The exhibition shuffles briskly and entertainingly through more than 100 years of spirituality in art, extending from the extraordinary paintings of Swedish artist and mystic Hilma af Klint to new, barely completed contemporary pieces fresh out of the studio.
While the transcendent impulse is there, Thorne and his co-curator, Rachel Thomas, are expressly agnostic on the question of its truth or falsehood. Also, they point out that in their survey the term spiritual is stretched to encompass not just conventional religious ideas but also various mystical and occult beliefs and practices.
Watch: Alan Butler's On Exactitude in Science
Catholic spirituality is also featured. A room is given over to the work of Patrick Pye, the foremost Irish religious artist of the latter half of the 20th century, for example, and his paintings look completely at home in the context.
In particular, the ritualised formalism of his biblical compositions and his highly stylised mode of representation find echoes in the work of af Klint, and the Swiss artist and healer Emma Kunz, and other artists.
Af Klint, who lived from 1862 to 1944, was known for her fine landscape paintings. As it happens, when the idea for this show came up, Thorne had just chaired a conference on her. Following the early death of her sister, she developed an interest in spiritualism and theosophy and was involved with a group of women artists who held séances.
From 1906 she began to produce abstract paintings. But, as Thorne notes: “She did not think of them as abstract pictures as such. She felt they were guided by spirits, and she did not want them exhibited during her lifetime.”
They were more mystical diagrams than paintings to her and, even though comparable mystical ideas influenced such artists as Wassily Kandinsky and Frantisek Kupka (both represented in the show), Af Klint's work, and that of other female artists of the time, has only latterly been studied and reassessed.
Susan Hiller, Homage to Marcel Duchamp: Aura (Blue Boy), 2011, Digital C-type archival colour print on dibond, 187.9 x 126.9cm. Source: Susan Hiller/ Lisson Gallery
It is a recurrent story. Another prime example, Ithell Colquhoun, whose work Throne became familiar with when he was director of Tate St Ives, is included. Based for much of her life in Cornwall (she died in 1988), she was a surrealist with an interest in the occult. An exceptionally accomplished painter with a distinctive personal voice, her work is well worth discovering. By way of contrast, Colquhon's subtle “mind pictures” are paired with brash new collages by artist, punk musician and activist Linder Sterling, who has long been keen on her work.
Thorne points to the show's technological subtext. Technology and the spiritual may seem to be at opposite ends of the spectrum but they often interlink, he suggests. Kupka was among several artists intrigued by X-rays, not as a diagnostic aid but as another means, along with theosophy, of seeing beyond the visible world.
In her remarkable career, the London-based, American-born artist Liliane Lijn has consistently pushed technological boundaries – often working directly with manufacturers in pursuit of particular materials – in making her beautiful kinetic poems, cone-shaped Koans and Linear Light Columns. As with much else in this show, they are thoughtfully presented, with appropriate light and space, greatly enhancing our experience of them.
One of the strangest, most ingenious works by an Irish artist is On Exactitude in Science by Alan Butler. It centres on Godfrey Reggio's celebrated 1982 film, Koyaanisqatsi: Life Out of Balance, with Philip Glass's score. Remarkably, working with the classic interactive video game Grand Theft Auto, Butler has recreated the film, shot for shot. Watching the two running side by side, one a ghost version of the other, is unsettling, even eerie. Butler's use of video game footage as a medium, not for the first time, is inspired (his solo show, Heliosynth, is showing at Green on Red Gallery, Dublin until April 29th).
As Above, So Below is organised in four “chapters”: Portals, Visions, Spirits & Mystics. In practice, divisions between them are not hard and fast, and it is not a chronological show, but it is extremely well structured and laid out, and there is real theatrical flair to the presentation.
As well as works already mentioned, there are many more surprises in store, including James Lee Byars' Diamond Floor five crystals on the floor (expressive of his concept, “Five points make a man”) and Ira Cohen's phantasmagoric, hallucinogenic Mylar Chamber portrait photographs of William Burroughs et al. It provides visitors with ideal settings to explore and make their own connections between artists and ideas. There are myriad interconnections and overlaps. As Thorne observes, it can seem as if you are dealing with secret networks of people, and to some extent you are, enabling you to construct: “An alternative history of art of the last century.”
Battlefield Management System (BMS) is a system used to integrate information acquisition and processing to enhance command & control of a military unit. BMS offers users or commanders with a comprehensive battlefield view with respect to target analysis, automated recommendations, and awareness of the situation for the target objects, by providing accurate real-time information. The battlefield management system market is growing at a decent pace due to certain influential factors such as the need for enhanced situational awareness, rise in the use of battlefield management systems for special operations and high implementation cost of battlefield management systems. The enhanced focus on military modernization is anticipated to render lucrative opportunities to the market players. In order to sustain in the market players are adopting growth strategies such as contracts, new product launch and joint ventures.
Battlefield Management System Market Research Objective
To define the scope and simplify the research study based on component, system, platform, and region.
• Estimate the current market size and forecast the same for the period (2017-2024).
• Market share by revenue for each segment and region analyzed.
• To provide insights on the major market dynamics (drivers, restraints & opportunities) and their impact analysis for the forecast period.
• Micro and macro level analysis of the market to elucidate lucrative investment opportunities.
• Porter's five forces analysis to deliver a comprehensive buyer-seller scenario and the state of business environment.
• Identification of the battlefield management system market trends in current scenario and its growth indicators.
• Benchmarking leading vendors in the battlefield management system industry based on their strategic attempts, financial status, and other internal and external parameters.
Request Sample Copy of the Report@www.esticastresearch.com/market-reports/battlefield-management-system-market/request-sample
Battlefield Management System Market Segmentation
By Component
IFF
• Display Devices
• Imaging Devices
• Tracking Devices
• Computer Software
• Night Vision Devices
• Computer Hardware Devices
• Wired Communication Devices
• Wireless Communication Devices
By System
Computing System
• Navigation & Imaging System
• Communication & Networking System
By Platform
Vehicle
• Soldier
Battlefield Management System Market By Region
North America
• Europe
• Asia-Pacific
• Rest of the World
Offered Customization
For this specific report, we offer 20% of free customization in order to deliver a tailored research report that specifically covers areas of client's interest in the battlefield management system market. Following are some most desired customization offers on this report:
Geographical Customization
• Split of the regional market into specific countries as per client's research requirements.
• Further breakdown of the major segments into sub-segments (as per request).
Vendor Profile Customization
• Further exhaustive analysis of additional companies operating in the market as per request.
Distinctive Requirements
• Research report on battlefield management system market covering specific country/region only.
• Requests for data tables only (specific requirement to quantitative research).
Request for Customized Report @www.esticastresearch.com/market-reports/battlefield-management-system-market/request-customise-form
About Esticast Research &Consulting :
Esticast Research & Consulting is a research firm providing research reports on various industries with a unique combination of authenticity, extensive research, and infallibility. We provide syndicated market research reports, customization services, and consulting services to help businesses across the world in achieving their goals and overcoming complex challenges. We specialize in providing 360 degree view of the markets to assist clients in determining new opportunities and develop business strategies for the future with data and statistics on changing market dynamics.
Esticast Research & Consulting has expert analysts and consultants with an ability to work in collaboration with clients to meet their business needs and give opportunities to thrive in a competitive world. A comprehensive analysis of industries ranging from healthcare to consumer goods and ICT to BFSI is provided by covering hundreds of industry segments. The research reports offering market forecasts, market entry strategies, and customer intelligence will help clients across the world in harnessing maximum value on their investment and realize their optimum potential.
Contact
Esticast Research & Consulting
410 State Route 57 East,#206, Washington, NJ 07882
Tel: 1-908-379-7709
Fax: 1-908-379-7709
Email: help@esticastresearch.com
FILE - In this May 10, 2018 file photo, women carry a banner calling attention to the cases of people who have gone missing in the fight against drug cartels and organized crime, demanding authorities locate their loved ones, as they mark Mother's Day in Mexico City. According to federal data, there have been more than 6,000 registered disappearances in Mexico's Tamaulipas state alone since 2006, more than any other state. Eduardo Verdugo, File AP Photo
4/14/2017
Limaland Motorsports Park – Lima, OH
2017 NRA Season Opener
360 Sprints – Winged: NRA Sprint Invaders with Great Lakes Super Sprints
4/21/2017
Limaland Motorsports Park – Lima, OH
360 Sprints – Winged: NRA Sprint Invaders with GLSS-Great Lakes Sprint Series
4/22/2017
Waynesfield Raceway Park – Waynesfield, OH
360 Sprints – Winged: NRA Sprint Invaders with GLSS-Great Lakes Sprint Series
5/26/2017
Limaland Motorsports Park – Lima, OH
Memorial Day Weekend Classic Day 1
360 Sprints – Winged: NRA Sprint Invaders with GLSS-Great Lakes Sprint Series
5/27/2017
Waynesfield Raceway Park – Waynesfield, OH
Memorial Day Weekend Classic Day 2
360 Sprints – Winged: NRA Sprint Invaders with GLSS-Great Lakes Sprint Series
5/28/2017
TBA – Tba, OR
Memorial Day Weekend Classic Day 3
360 Sprints – Winged: NRA Sprint Invaders with GLSS-Great Lakes Sprint Series
6/9/2017
Tri-City Motor Speedway – Auburn, MI
GLSS Michigan Opener Day 1
360 Sprints – Winged: GLSS-Great Lakes Sprint Series
6/10/2017
Crystal Motor Speedway – Crystal, MI
GLSS Opening Weekend Night 2
360 Sprints – Winged: GLSS-Great Lakes Sprint Series
6/17/2017
Montpelier Motor Speedway – Montpelier, IN
360 Sprints – Winged: NRA Sprint Invaders with GLSS-Great Lakes Sprint Series
6/18/2017
Waynesfield Raceway Park – Waynesfield, OH
Ohio Speedweek Opener
360 Sprints – Winged: NRA Sprint Invaders with GLSS-Great Lakes Sprint Series
6/23/2017
I-96 Speedway – Lake Odessa, MI
360 Sprints – Winged: NRA Sprint Invaders with GLSS-Great Lakes Sprint Series
6/24/2017
Thunderbird Raceway – Muskegon, MI
360 Sprints – Winged: NRA Sprint Invaders with GLSS-Great Lakes Sprint Series
6/30/2017
Limaland Motorsports Park – Lima, OH
4th of July Weekend Day 1
360 Sprints – Winged: NRA Sprint Invaders with GLSS-Great Lakes Sprint Series
7/1/2017
Fremont Speedway – Fremont, OH
4th of July Weekend Day 2
360 Sprints – Winged: NRA Sprint Invaders with GLSS-Great Lakes Sprint Series
7/2/2017
TBA – Tba, OR
4th of July Weekend Day 3
360 Sprints – Winged: NRA Sprint Invaders with GLSS-Great Lakes Sprint Series
7/3/2017
Waynesfield Raceway Park – Waynesfield, OH
4th of July Weekend Day 4
360 Sprints – Winged: NRA Sprint Invaders with GLSS-Great Lakes Sprint Series
7/21/2017
Tri-City Motor Speedway – Auburn, MI
Mid Summer Triple Header Weekend Day 1
360 Sprints – Winged: NRA Sprint Invaders with GLSS-Great Lakes Sprint Series
7/22/2017
Merritt Speedway – Merritt, MI
Mid Summer Triple Header Weekend Day 2
360 Sprints – Winged: NRA Sprint Invaders with GLSS-Great Lakes Sprint Series
7/23/2017
I-96 Speedway – Lake Odessa, MI
Mid Summer Triple Header Weekend Day 3
360 Sprints – Winged: NRA Sprint Invaders with GLSS-Great Lakes Sprint Series
7/28/2017
Limaland Motorsports Park – Lima, OH
360 Sprints – Winged: NRA Sprint Invaders with GLSS-Great Lakes Sprint Series
7/29/2017
Montpelier Motor Speedway – Montpelier, IN
360 Sprints – Winged: NRA Sprint Invaders with GLSS-Great Lakes Sprint Series
8/18/2017
Hartford Speedway – Hartford, MI
360 Wings and MTS Non-Wing
360 Sprints – Winged: GLSS-Great Lakes Sprint Series
8/25/2017
Manistee County Fairgrounds – Onekema, MI
360 Sprints – Winged: GLSS-Great Lakes Sprint Series
8/26/2017
Thunderbird Raceway – Muskegon, MI
360 Sprints – Winged: GLSS-Great Lakes Sprint Series
9/1/2017
Tri-City Motor Speedway – Auburn, MI
360 Sprints – Winged: GLSS-Great Lakes Sprint Series
This is what star power looks like.
A tweet from pop superstar Rihanna asking Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull and Foreign Minister Julie Bishop to contribute to girls education has led to a donation of $90 million through the Global Partnership for Education, reported news.com.au.
On Thursday, Rihanna used her 86 million Twitter followers to urge the Australian and UK governments to commit to ensuring education for the world's poorest ahead of an international conference with French President Emmanuel Macron and Senegalese President Macky Sall.
"Hi @JulieBishopMP & @TurnbullMalcolm will you step up w/ a $200M pledge to #FundEducation at the @GPforEducation conference in Senegal tomorrow?" she asked, followed by a tweet to UK leader Theresa May.
Advertisement
hi @JulieBishopMP & @TurnbullMalcolm will you step up w/ a 🇦🇺 $200M pledge to #FundEducation at the @GPforEducation conference in Senegal tomorrow? Kick off your 1st year on the #HumanRightsCouncil by giving the universal human right to education! 📚🌏 @claralionelfdn @glblctzn — Rihanna (@rihanna) February 1, 2018
While Julie Bishop hasn't responded directly, her office announced a $90 million ($97.7 million) pledge to "support quality and inclusive education worldwide through the Global Partnership for Education" on Friday.
"This pledge forms part of Australia's commitment to ensuring more children, particularly girls and children with disabilities, participate in school for longer and acquire the skills they need to build their future," she said in a statement.
"Education is a priority sector for Australia's aid program ... Investing in education helps reduce disadvantage, accelerate economic growth and improve regional stability."
The Wild Thoughts singer arrived in Dakar on Friday where she will host talks with Macron as part of her effort to raise funds for education.
Some 264 million school-age children and youths are living without any education owing to poverty, conflict and social barriers including bias against girls, according to the United Nations Children's Fund.
The Dakar conference, which brings together governments and the private sector, aims to raise $3.1 billion over the coming three years to support education for 870 million children.
The conference in turn asks partner countries to devote 20 per cent of public expenditure to education — a level that can be particularly difficult for countries battling jihadists or civil conflicts.
Rihanna, who serves as an ambassador for the Global Partnership for Education, will meet in Dakar with government officials as well as educators and students, representatives said.
She has frequently been active in pressing for development funding as part of Global Citizen, the anti-poverty campaign that includes policy events and concerts in New York and a growing number of other cities.
The Barbados-born singer — whose hits include "Diamonds" and "Only Girl (In the World") -- has also set up the non-profit Clara Lionel Foundation, which includes a scholarship fund for students to learn at US universities.
Emergency services were in Devonport last night after a group of teenagers allegedly became disorderly following an Auckland Council family event.
Auckland Council's events manager Leanne Roche said event staff called police after becoming concerned at a large group of youth congregating in a nearby car park.
"Although the group was outside the event area they notified the police at 8.30pm. By 10pm the group had grown to a concerning size and our staff called the police and an ambulance as they understood a woman may have been in trouble on the beach," she said in a statement.
"Unfortunately there's an ongoing issue on the North Shore with young people congregating and drinking in areas where our events are taking place that needs to be addressed by the wider community."
Advertisement
A police spokesperson confirmed police were called to Woodall Park at Narrow Neck beach on Friday night after reports of disorder.
Moviegoers who turned out to watch Pirates of the Caribbean at the Movies in Parks event at 9pm were reportedly asked to leave the area by police after allegations of an assault near the event.
About 100 youth were reportedly congregating in the area.
The police spokesperson said no arrests were made but St John Ambulance were asked to attend after reports of an assault.
A St John spokesperson said they were initially asked to attend, but were later stood down.
The annual charity concerts were launched by The Who's Roger Daltrey in 2000.
Indie rockers Kasabian will take to the stage at London's Royal Albert Hall for a special charity concert in 2018.
They will be joined by Manchester group The Courteeners for the 18th year of concerts at the world famous venue in support of the Teenage Cancer Trust.
It's Kasabian's fourth appearance at the annual charity concerts, which were launched by The Who's Roger Daltrey in 2000 and have raised more than £27 million for young people with cancer.
Liam Fray of The Courteeners (Katja Ogrin/PA)
The Courteeners are set to perform their debut album, St Jude, in a headline slot on Friday March 23, while Kasabian will take to the stage one day later.
The Leicester rockers' frontman Tom Meighan said: “We love playing the Royal Albert Hall for the Teenage Cancer Trust.
“It is a show we have come back to throughout our career for the special atmosphere and the amazing cause. Our fans love it and we do too, it will be a highlight of 2018 for us.”
Courteeners frontman Liam Fray said: “It's a great honour and privilege to perform for such a brilliant charity at such a legendary venue.
“This will be the first and last time we'll ever perform our debut album St Jude in full in London and we're really pleased to be doing it for such a great cause.”
Last year's concerts saw performances from Ed Sheeran, Olly Murs, Paul Weller, Noel Gallagher and The Who.
Tickets for the gigs go on sale on Friday December 15.
© Press Association 2017
St. Louis airport passengers declined in 2014
By: The Associated Press
ST. LOUIS - Passenger traffic has dipped slightly at Lambert Airport, based on 2014 full-year totals.
The St. Louis airport served 12.4 million passengers last year, down 1.5 percent from 2013. Boarding passengers dropped 1.6 percent, while arriving passenger traffic dropped 1.4 percent.
Airport officials say winter storms across the U.S. caused widespread cancellations in the first quarter, accounting for much of the drop-off.
Southwest Airlines had a market share of 50.4 percent at Lambert. American Airlines was a distant second with 14.4 percent market share, followed by Delta with 13.9 percent.
Real-Time Bioprocess Raman Analyzer is a vibrational spectroscopic technique used to analyze the crystal structure and molecular vibrations. Real-time Bioprocess Raman analyzers are used to measure metabolic and nutrient concentration in bioprocess in real-time by using the single probe. Raman spectroscopy is most promising real-time process analytical technologies in biopharmaceutical production. It allows measuring both quantity and quality of chemical compounds in the liquid where conventional methods fail to measure. Real-time bioprocess Raman analyzers are used to measure gas, liquid, solids substance and provide real-time quantification measurement for glutamine, glucose, lactate, glutamate, ammonium, viable cell density, osmolality, total cell density and cell viability. Real-time bioprocess Raman analyzers consist of following components: light source, fibre optical Raman probe, spectrograph, detector, optical fibre cable and others. Real-time bioprocess Raman analyzers allow the usage of the optical fibre to measure the distance and immersion probe helps to analyze the liquid medium. This makes real-time bioprocess Raman analyzer more superior in analyzing bioprocess components and concentration changes than MIR and NIR.
Request for sample Report: https://www.futuremarketinsights.com/reports/sample/rep-gb-6912
Real-Time Bioprocess Raman Analyzer Market: Drivers and Restraints
Raman spectroscopy is used to provide the molecular fingerprint of bioprocessing and biomedical analysis. Along with this, rapid advancement of technologies enabled the usage of Raman spectroscopy in analyzing chemical compounds in biopharmaceutical companies. Other factors like changing government regulations to improve the quality of pharmaceuticals has led to the positive growth of real-time bioprocess Raman analyzers. For example, FDA launched a PAT initiative to encourage the biopharmaceutical manufacturers to adopt the new technologies. Real-time bioprocess Raman analyzers are used to monitor multiple components in cell culture medium and help in the simultaneous prediction of culture parameters. Simultaneous measurement of chemical components in bioprocess solutions, has lead to an increase in the adoption of Raman spectroscopy by the manufacturers. All these factors act as a potential driver in burgeoning growth of real-time bioprocess Raman analyzer market.
A huge cost is incurred in enabling Raman spectroscopy and it has restrained the growth of real-time bioprocess Raman analyzer market.
Real-Time Bioprocess Raman Analyzer Market: Segmentation
Segmentation based on End User
Biopharmaceutical Companies
Contract Manufacturing Organizations
Research Organizations
Others
Real-Time Bioprocess Raman Analyzer Market: Market Overview
Global Real-Time Bioprocess Raman Analyzer market has witnessed a robust growth due to increasing demand for Raman spectroscopy in providing real-time data. Real-Time Bioprocess Raman Analyzer market has a presence of a few players which have a huge market share in developed countries operating at the country level. There are huge opportunities for the untapped markets across the world due to potential benefits of real-time bioprocess Raman analyzer. The key players in the Real-Time Bioprocess Raman Analyzer market are mainly focused on R&D to accelerate the development due to a limited number of manufactures. The future of Real-Time Bioprocess Raman Analyzer market anticipated with double CAGR during forecasting period.
Real-Time Bioprocess Raman Analyzer Market: Region-Wise Overview
Global Real-Time Bioprocess Raman Analyzer market is segmented into the following regions – North America, Latin America, Western Europe, Eastern Europe, Asia-Pacific Excluding China & Japan, China, Japan and the Middle East & Africa. North America is dominant in the global real-time bioprocess Raman analyzer market mainly due to the high penetration. In North America, particularly the USA is dominating due to the supportive government regulations. Economic conditions in the APAC region are set to drive the real-time bioprocess Raman analyzer market to new heights. European real-time bioprocess Raman analyzer market is the fastest growing region due to high R&D investment in the biopharmaceutical sector. Growth in the Middle East and African region is considerably less when compared to the other regions. However, North America would maintain its position in the real-time bioprocess Raman analyzer market, though, we are anticipating developed economies such as Australia to have the highest growth rate in Real-Time Bioprocess Raman Analyzer market.
Real-Time Bioprocess Raman Analyzer Market: Key Participants
The key participants in the Real-Time Bioprocess Raman Analyzer market mainly include Kaiser Optical Systems, Inc., Resolution Spectra Systems Inc. and others. Companies are mainly focused on R&D to strengthen product development.
Visit For Table of Contents: https://www.futuremarketinsights.com/toc/rep-gb-6912
Arpan Dixit
Herald Staff
sports@harrodsburgherald.com
Winning your final game on your home field is the way every team hopes to end their final home stand. Unfortunately, the Mercer County Titans soccer team (9-6-3) suffered a tough loss against the South Oldham Dragons(7-10-1), by a final score of 3-1.
The Titans started off the game a little slow, giving up a goal to South Oldham's Asher Borgman in the game's first three minutes.
Head Coach Garrett Stark talked about his team's performance after the game.
“At the beginning of the game I thought we came out a little sluggish,” he said. “I thought we settled in after that, but we just weren't able to capitalize on our opportunities.
The Titans had two shots go off the post. One by senior Brandon Ballard and one by junior Kola Raskins.
Ballard scored the lone goal for the Titans in the second half. The Dragons had an answer, scoring shortly after to put the game away.
The Titans have one final game before the district tournament at Lexington Catholic.
“We just have to finish those shots that we couldn't tonight,” said Stark. “Getting opportunities takes a lot of effort, and we're getting those opportunities, we just have to finish them. I'd be worried if we weren't getting those opportunities.”
To learn more, check out this week's issue of The Harrodsburg Herald.
Residents in the borough of Corby will be able to have their say on concerns about crime and neighbourhood issues next week.
Corby's rural neighbourhood policing team and Corby Council's neighbourhood management team are joining forces to tackle local priorities during the Rural Week of Action, running from Monday (October 9) to Friday (October 13).
People from across the seven parishes of Corby borough will have the opportunity to speak to council and police officers about local concerns.
Speed gun operations will be running across selected rural areas as well as school education activity, with joint council and police surgeries also running during the week.
Leader of Corby Council Cllr Tom Beattie said: “The week of action is important in terms of enabling both the council and police to undertake targeted work to tackle local priorities.
“It also allows us to link in with local schools to carry out activities around staying safe, which is particularly relevant this time of year as bonfire and halloween season approaches.
“We would urge residents within the rural areas of Corby to take the opportunity to speak to our officers and let us know about their concerns.”
Sergeant for Corby Rural SCT Scott Little said: “The week of action is a great opportunity for the police and partners to publicise some of the good work that has been happening over the past three months.
“The officers will be looking to engage with the public and give them a chance to have an impact on the next set of priorities.
“Officers during the week will also be giving crime prevention advice, tackling speeding and also parking enforcement.”
Two-time defending champion Oracle Team USA has unveiled the 50-foot catamaran it will sail in the 35th America's Cup in Bermuda.
Skipper Jimmy Spithill says the boat, which is just longer than 49 feet, is more refined than the 45-foot cat the syndicate has been training in.
Says Spithill: "Now it really starts for this boat. There are 100 days to go and the clock's ticking. We really need to put some hours on it."
Qualifying races begin May 26. The America's Cup match, between Oracle and the winner of the challenger series, begins June 17.
Oracle unveiled its new catamaran Tuesday night. It will launch and christen it with champagne on Wednesday, and begin dockside testing. It will go for its first sail as soon as the weather permits.
Sir, – I believe the suggestion by Senator Aodhán Ó Riordáin regarding the Citizens' Assembly examining the existing situation of church-run State-funded schools should be acted upon (News, May 28th). I believe that he is correct when he says that an Oireachtas debate would be divisive.
It also seems that at least some Catholic bishops are questioning the current situation. Archbishop of Dublin Dr Diarmuid Martin is quoted in this newspaper as asking if “church-run schools are delivering for the investment we make in faith development”. Bishop Kevin Doran of Elphin said that the church relies “on the model of faith formation addressed to young people in schools”. He says that he is developing “a core of volunteer trainee catechists specifically for parish work”.
I think that faith formation, or religious education, should take place outside State schools, and therefore that all churches should hand over the patronage and running of State schools to local education committees. – Yours, etc,
MALACHI O'SULLIVAN,
Limoges,
France.
Wednesday, April 19th, is New Year's Day for the Yazidi community, one of the oldest cultures in the world.
Yazidis are an ethnoreligious group based mainly in Iraq but with emigrant populations in Europe, North America and Australia. Yazidi beliefs, which predate Christianity and Islam, have over the centuries been continually misunderstood, leading to the persecution of followers, most recently in the attempted genocide by Islamic State.
God, or Huda, is for Yazidis a force that demands neither adoration nor subservience and exists in every part of the universe. Yazidi culture is tolerant of other faiths and traditionally provides women with greater equality. It has no specific requirements about what women can wear, and they are free to choose a partner. Although dowries are traditional – the custom seems to have been adopted from surrounding cultures – unique protections for women include the rule that a husband who abandons his wife may be automatically divorced and even banned from remarrying in the Yazidi faith.
Because Yazidism rejects the concept of hell, graveyards are places to honour family ancestors. For New Year's Day Yazidi women gather in cemeteries to celebrate and share food offerings, with dance and music for the spirits of the dead, the living and those yet to be born. Protecting the environment and the fertility of the earth is a primary focus. Symbolic gifts are prepared, especially around the New Year, to draw the attention of Tawûsê Melek, the equivalent of an archangel in Christianity, to ensure that the earth remains fertile for the year ahead.
Children of the minority Yazidi people flee Islamic State towards the Syrian border, on the outskirts of Mt Sinjar, August 2014. File photograph: Reuters/Rodi Said
For Yazidis, Tawûsê Melek, also known as Peacock Angel, is symbolised by vivid colours, such as those of the rainbow, and through the multicoloured painting of eggs and the wearing of colourful clothing.
Isis slaughtered more than 5,000 Yazidi men, abducted boys to indoctrinate in hatred, and used girls as sex slaves
Yazidi emphasis on personal freedom and tolerance, and on Tawûsê Melek, has led to great misunderstandings, including allegations of devil worship. Unfortunately these have been accompanied by many atrocities. The latest assaults began in August 2014, when Islamic State, or Isis, slaughtered more than 5,000 Yazidi men, including teens and the elderly, and enslaved a larger number of women and girls. The youngest boys were abducted to be indoctrinated in hatred; girls were used as sex slaves.
These were not random acts of war. Isis declared that it wanted to wipe out our religion. Hundreds of thousands of Yazidis fled their homes, initially to Mount Sinjar, without food or water in scorching heat. They subsequently became refugees, in the nearby region of Kurdistan, in Europe and in North America.
In August 2015, a year after the assault on Mount Sinjar, Zainab Hawa Bangura, the United Nations' special representative for sexual violence in conflict, reported that “first-hand accounts . . . confirm systematic sexual violence, particularly against Yazidi women and children aged between eight and 35 years”.
Tens of thousands of Yazidis and Christians flee for their lives as Islamic State push towards the Kurdish regional capital, Arbil, in 2014. File photograph: Rodi Said/Reuters
In June last year the Independent International Commission of Inquiry on the Syrian Arab Republic, established by the UN's human rights council, reported that “genocide has occurred and is ongoing” against the Yazidi community.
There is an urgent need for the world to defend the rights of minorities in the Middle East. All minority groups, religious or secular, including Christians, Kakians and Sabians, are at risk of persecution. It also includes any Muslim who rejects the Isis interpretation of Islam.
The Yazidi experience of ongoing and systematic persecution provides us with an acute understanding of the forces of intolerance, hatred, atrocity and genocide that threaten civilisation worldwide.
Part of the solution requires international initiatives. Last October the German chancellor, Angela Merkel, said that she may support a protection zone in norther Iraq. Ireland is one of the countries best placed to provide effective support for such an initiative, through a UN force or related international agreement, particularly for any post-Isis settlement.
More generally, people of all faiths and none must show their rejection of bigotry and intolerance and of those masquerading behind the veil of religion while seeking to promote hatred and division. Let's remember the words of the great pacifist leader Mahatma Gandhi: people who exploit weaker nations, or weaker men, drag down not only themselves but mankind also.
Murad Ismael is a executive director of Yazda, a global organisation supporting the Yazidi people; Murad.Ismael@yazda.org
The obstruction of justice investigation into Trump began days after Comey was fired on May 9, according to people familiar with the matter.
U.S. President Donald Trump is being investigated by special counsel Robert Mueller for possible obstruction of justice, the Washington Post reported on Wednesday, citing unidentified officials.
Mueller is investigating alleged Russian interference in the 2016 U.S. presidential election and possible collusion with the Trump campaign. Former FBI Director James Comey told Congress last week he believes he was fired by Trump to undermine the agency's Russia probe.
The Washington Post, citing five people briefed on the requests who spoke on condition of anonymity, said Dan Coats, the director of national intelligence, Mike Rogers, the head of the National Security Agency, and Richard Ledgett, the former deputy director at the NSA, had agreed to be interviewed by Mueller's investigators as early as this week.
The obstruction of justice investigation into Trump began days after Comey was fired on May 9, according to people familiar with the matter, the Washington Post said.
Trump's legal team quickly denounced the report on Wednesday.
"The FBI leak of information regarding the President is outrageous, inexcusable and illegal," a spokesman for Trump's legal team, Mark Corallo, said.
A spokesman for Mueller's team declined to comment.
Several legal experts told Reuters that Comey's testimony last week that Trump expected loyalty and told Comey he hoped he could drop an investigation of a former top aide could bolster obstruction of justice allegations against Trump.
Comey would not say in his testimony last week whether he thought the president sought to obstruct justice, but added it would be up to special counsel Mueller "to sort that out."
After Comey's testimony, Trump said he had been vindicated because his former FBI director confirmed telling Trump on three occasions that he was not under investigation.
While a sitting president is unlikely to face criminal prosecution, obstruction of justice could form the basis for impeachment. Any such step would face a steep hurdle as it would require approval by the U.S. House of Representatives, which is controlled by Trump's fellow Republicans.
Known for her unexpected twists and impeccably researched story lines, Louise Gaylord does it again with Dark Lake, the fourth installment of her nationally acclaimed Allie Armington mystery series.
In the new book, to be released Oct. 1, the brave and intelligent Armington returns after 15 years to her aunt's cottage retreat in New York's Adirondack Mountains, where she spent most of her childhood summers. She anticipates a happy reunion, but instead finds her Aunt Sallie dead, and a close-knit community trying to portray the tragedy as suicide to keep it out of the news. Armington must clear her aunt's reputation, navigating her way around a compromised police department, wealthy neighbors with agendas, and a drug conspiracy that gets wackier every second.
Populated with neighbors you love to hate, childhood ex-crushes you'd hate to love, and family and friends who promote more problems than solutions, Dark Lake shows Armington at her best.
Gaylord got the idea for the murder mystery series after spending three months on a grand jury panel in Houston. The series includes three prior novels to Dark Lake, with stories ranging from the Southwest (Anacacho and Spa Deadly) to New York (Xs).
Walker, Texas Ranger writer/producer Tom Blomquist calls Gaylord's writing “ingenious” and “irresistible.”
William Link, the Emmy and Golden Globe award-winning co-creator of Columbo and Murder, She Wrote said, “Do not be disarmed by Allie Armington. Like my old friend, Lieutenant Columbo, she tends to know a great many things.”
A versatile writer, Gaylord has expanded out of the mystery genre with an insightful character study novel, Julia Fairchild, and the delightful Recipes from Camp Trillium. She served as editor of Opera Cues, the Houston Grand Opera Guild's magazine, and is a past president of Opera Guilds International.
A member of the Writers Consortium, her first Allie Armington mystery, Anacacho, won the national Benjamin Franklin Award for Best Mystery/Suspense and many other awards.
Most recently, Recipes from Camp Trillium won the Dan Poynter's Global eBook Awards, in which Julia Fairchild and Spa Deadly were also finalists.
Gaylord divides her time between homes at Birnam Wood Golf Club in Montecito, Houston and Old Forge, N.Y.
— Marissa DeCuir of JKS Communications represents Louise Gaylord.
The International SAP Conference for Utilities is SAP's flagship global utility industry conference. Bringing together SAP executives, solution experts, users, prospective users, partners, and more, this event is they must attend event in 2017 for business and IT professionals in the utilities industry.
Co-located with the International SAP Conference for Oil and Gas – creating a global hub of over 1000 energy industry professionals – our 3 day agenda has been built to offer attendees a unique mix of in-depth learning, benchmarking, interaction and networking.
Highlights will include:
• An extensive array of deep-dive preconference workshops on 28 March
• Keynote presentations from the Portuguese Secretary of State of Energy, Blockchain expert Professor Jens Strüker, European Commission, SAP's Peter Maier and more
• Customer case studies from a range of global utilities – why did they choose SAP, what business benefits are they realizing, how have they overcome challenges?
• A vibrant exhibition showcasing SAP and partner innovation
• Meet the expert sessions, microforums, demos, and numerous opportunities to interact and learn
• Opportunities to meet privately with SAP's executives and solution experts
• Evening networking event at the beautiful Convento do Beato
…. and much more
Don't miss the opportunity to join us in the beautiful city of Lisbon and truly understand how innovation from SAP is powering the next generatio utility.
For further information please visit www.tacook.com/saputilities
A maths teacher from Kettering is to take part in the 100 mile Prudential Ride London-Surrey100 event later this month to raise funds for a charity that supports women with a rare, incurable lung condition and helps fund research for a cure.
Frank Murphy, 56, from Kettering, will be riding for LAM Action, which supports women with lymphangioleiomyomatosis, better known as LAM, which progressively destroys lung tissue.
Frank Murphy
LAM only affects women - and about 350 women in the UK are believed to have the condition, which causes breathing problems and in some case requires a lung transplant and can also cause benign kidney tumours.
Frank said: “I'm taking part to raise funds for LAM because my son Seb's girlfriend, Eleanor, was diagnosed around two years ago at the age of 20 and we, as a family, have seen how courageously she is dealing with the condition.
“This is my very first sponsored event and I am very much looking forward to it.”
Until recently, Frank was working in Kuwait, and as a result has found it a challenge to train for the Ride London-Surrey 100 events on July 29.
He added: “Because I've been working in Kuwait, it is difficult to cycle so I have been combining swimming with work on the cross trainer. Now I'm back in the UK I am cycling every other day, slowly increasing the distance.”
Frank is hoping to complete the course in under eight hours, and to raise at least £1,000 for LAM Action, which provides support for women with the condition, and also raises funds for research into LAM.
Research has made inroads into understanding LAM and developing drugs to combat it, but there is still no cure and the reason why some women develop LAM is still unknown, although it is believed to have a hormonal connection as it mainly affects women of childbearing age.
For more information about LAM Action visit www.lamaction.org.
To sponsor Frank visit www.justgiving.com/fundraising/frank-murphy7.
Opposition lawmaker Son Chhay, seen speaking to CNRP supporters at an event earlier this month, has requested an inquiry into silica sand extraction in the Kingdom. Facebook
CNRP lawmaker wants info on export of sand
Opposition lawmaker Son Chhay has asked Mines Minister Suy Sem to release detailed information about the export of silica sand – which was last month revealed to be exempt from a ban on sand exports – threatening “to impeach” the minister if he does not comply.
A letter dated Friday and sent to Sem through National Assembly President Heng Samrin requests that the Ministry of Mines and Energy release copies of the licences for companies mining and exporting silica sand in order to show transparency and avoid “confusion”.
It also requests a list of all sites approved for silica sand mining, environmental impact assessments and a list of countries that have imported the sand, as well as figures on the total amount of silica sand exported since November 2016 and how much it was sold for.
Chhay said by telephone that Sem had not “been fully cooperative in providing information” in the past and that his short replies last year at a committee hearing into the $700 million discrepancy in Singaporean and Cambodia customs data on sand trade would not be tolerated. “We would like to impeach him if he doesn't respond,” Chhay said.
At least 30 members of parliament need to make a request for impeachment in order to push the matter to a National Assembly vote, and a two-thirds vote is required for it to pass, which would necessitate CPP cooperation.
Last year, the Mines Ministry temporarily suspended exports after the controversy erupted over the discrepancy between the $5 million of sand Cambodia recorded leaving to Singapore from 2007 to 2015 and the $752 million that Singapore recorded arriving from Cambodia.
The environmental group Mother Nature, which first revealed the discrepancy, last month claimed to show in a video that the exports were continuing. A ministry official at the time said the sand seen being loaded into a ship was “very likely” silica, which it said was not part of the ban.
The ministry released a statement saying it informed Cambodia's shipping regulator of this on December 19 and officials in Taiwan confirmed vessels had brought silica there from Cambodia.
Mines Ministry spokesman Dith Tina said the ministry received Chhay's letter yesterday.
“We always provide explanation to [the] public via journalists, to NGOs via open letter and forums and also to [the] National Assembly commission,” Tina said in an email, declining to respond to specific questions. “The accusation of [the] lawmaker . . . is just another provocation.”
Posted on July 5, 2013 | 9:00 a.m.
Source: Barker Family
Virginia Holliday Barker passed away peacefully on June 25, 2013, not long after her 94th birthday.
Ginny was born in Ukiah in June 1919. She grew up in Berkeley but spent every summer at her aunt and uncle's ranch near Ukiah, riding horses, learning to cook on a woodstove and helping with chores. She also learned to drive there on the farm's tractor, unfortunately knocking down her aunt's favorite peach tree in the process.
After graduating from UC Berkeley, Ginny worked in San Francisco, commuting daily by ferry. She met the love of her life, C. Harvey Barker, in 1943 at her best friend's wedding, where she was the maid of honor and he is the best man, on leave from naval duties in the Pacific. Despite Harvey's being from Massachusetts and their long-distance World War II romance, they married in 1945 and Ginny left California for the East Coast, where Harvey was stationed in Arlington, Virginia. For 16 years, they lived in Salem, Massachusetts, where they owned a popular Howard Johnson's restaurant and raised two children. But Ginny never stopped missing California and in 1958 she sent Harv out to take a look. He fell in love with Santa Barbara, promptly bought a house in Hope Ranch and moved the family here. Their children will be forever grateful that she talked him out of retiring to Florida.
Ginny and Harvey immediately joined La Cumbre Golf & Country Club and learned to play golf; joined the yacht club and explored the coast in the boat they'd brought from Back East; and immersed themselves in Santa Barbara life. Over the years, Ginny was an active member of the Children's Home Society, Assistance League and PEO. She and Harv loved entertaining friends, and they took many golfing trips abroad. After Harv's death in 1985, Ginny traveled extensively, eventually visiting almost 100 countries. She delighted in experiencing and photographing the world, and her home was filled with mementos from her travels.
Ginny was an avid reader; she played golf, bridge, the piano and organ; and she completed countless pieces of fine needlework. She also loved meeting friends for lunch at La Cumbre, where she had been a member for 55 years. She continued to do the daily crossword puzzle and play bridge until shortly before her death.
A wonderfully loving wife and mother whose family adored her, Ginny's heart gave out long before her spirit would have. She leaves behind her two children: daughter Carole (Barry) Turner and son Chuck (Donna) Barker; five grandchildren; and 15 great-grandchildren.
Ginny's last wish was to throw one final Celebration of Life party at La Cumbre for her many dear friends; that party will be held from 3 to 5 p.m. Saturday, July 13. Please RSVP by July 10 to Jennifer at McDermott-Crockett & Associates Mortuary at .(JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address) , or call 805.569.2424.
Index Markets Research provides statistical analysis on Global Surfactant for EOR Market provides a basic overview of the industry including its definition, applications and manufacturing technology. The report covers business strategists like major drivers, dynamics, share, segmentation, revenue forecasts, effective growth for the key players and facilitate better decision-making. The report offers the estimations of size of the market and analysis of the trend based on the pipeline of the Surfactant for EOR market. The Key Players mentioned in the report are Stepan, Nalco Champion, BASF, Baker Hughes, Solvay, Dow, Dow, Schlumberger, Shell Chemicals, Huntsman, Halliburton, Oil Chem Technologies, Akzonobel, CNPC. This report provides a competitive scenario, with a purpose of enlightening new entrants about the possibilities in this Surfactant for EOR Market.
Get a Sample Copy @ https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-surfactant-for-eor-market/10363/#requestforsample
The report offers a crucial opinion relating to the global Surfactant for EOR market by discussing of its segmentation Commercial, Government, Personal. The sectors have been reviewed in terms of present as well as future trends. The analysis of geographical segmentation incorporates the estimated and present requirements from these regions. The study also offers the need associated to the different end-use sectors and separate goods in all of the geographical sectors of the market. The report also analyses the Surfactant for EOR market in terms of volume [k MT] and revenue [Million USD].
The Surfactant for EOR Market report gives detailed overview of terms and terminologies, applications, and classifications that are used in the context of market. It provides insights into the manufacturing cost structure and calculated as an aggregate of raw material costs, equipment costs, labor costs, and other costs. In terms of a technical consideration, the report discusses the production capacity of major manufacturers of Surfactant for EOR. This is estimated on circumstances such as the number of production plants, R&D status, raw material sources, and technology used by these manufacturers in 2018.
This report is segmented into several key Regions such as North America, China, Europe, Southeast Asia, Japan & India, with production, consumption, revenue (million USD), and market share and growth rate of Surfactant for EOR in these regions, from 2012 to 2022 (forecast).
On the basis of Product Type, this report displays the production, revenue, price, market share and growth rate of each type, primarily split into : Anionic Sulfonate, Anionic Carboxylate, Others.
On the basis on the end users/applications, Market report focuses on the status and outlook for major applications/end users, sales volume, market share and growth rate for each application, including : Onshore, Offshore.
Key Highlights Of The Surfactant for EOR Market Report:
1) A complete framework analysis, including an assessment of the parent market.
2) The study of emerging market segments and the existing market segments will help the readers in planning the business strategies.
3) Market Dynamics(Industry News, Development Challenges & Opportunities).
4) A Clear understanding of the market supported growth, constraints, opportunities, practicableness study.
5) Historical, present, and prospective size of the market from the perspective of both value and volume.
6) Market shares and strategies of leading players.
7) Recommendations to companies to substantiate their foothold in the market.
Inquiry for Buying Report @ https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-surfactant-for-eor-market/10363/#inquiry
In the end, the report includes Surfactant for EOR new project SWOT analysis, investment practicalness analysis, investment come analysis, and Development Trend Analysis. The key rising opportunities of the fastest growing international Surfactant for EOR market segments are coated throughout this report. This report additionally presents product specification, producing method, and products cost structure. Production is separated by regions, technology and applications. The Surfactant for EOR industry data source, appendix, research findings and the conclusion.
About Us
Index Markets Research conduct market research and publish reports. You can find more than 35,000 research reports in our web store, which covers global industry and the regional markets. All the worldwide marketing data you need is at your fingertips.
Contact Us
Mark Irwin
Sales Manager
Email Id : sales@indexmarketsresearch.com
Phone: +1 202 888 3519
Web: https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/
Seahawks' Bennett plans to continue national anthem protest
hello
CARSON, Calif. -- Seattle Seahawks defensive end Michael Bennett said Sunday he will sit during the national anthem this season to protest social injustice and segregation.
Bennett sat on the visiting bench during "The Star-Spangled Banner" before the Seahawks' preseason opener against the Los Angeles Rams, a decision he made prior to protests by white supremacists at the University of Virginia over the weekend. But what happened in Charlottesville, Virginia, including the death of a young woman when she was struck by a car deliberately driven into a group of counter-protesters on Saturday, solidified Bennett's decision.
"With everything that's been going on the last couple of months and especially after the last couple of days, seeing everything in Virginia, seeing what's going on out there earlier today in Seattle, I just wanted to be able to use my platform to be able to continue to speak over injustice," Bennett said.
"First of all, I want people to understand I love the military. My father was in the military. I love hot dogs like any other American. I love football like any other American, but I don't love segregation. I don't love riots. I don't love oppression. I don't love to gender slander. I just want to see people have the equality that they deserve, and I want to be able to use this platform to continuously push the message of that, you know, and keep journeying out and keep finding out how unselfish can we be as a society."
Bennett was at least the third prominent NFL player to protest during the anthem in the first full week of preseason games. Oakland Raiders running back Marshawn Lynch, a former teammate of Bennett's in Seattle, also sat during the anthem. Los Angeles Rams defensive end Robert Quinn raised his right fist, continuing his approach from last season following then-San Francisco 49ers quarterback Colin Kaepernick's decision to kneel during the anthem.
Kaepernick is a free agent, and the controversy over his decision to protest the anthem and the form he used has not quelled, even as he remains unsigned.
Bennett said he is willing to deal with similar fallout.
"Of course I'm going to face backlash," Bennett said. "This is bigger than me. This is bigger than football. This is bigger than anything that we have. This is about people. This is about bringing opportunities to people, giving people equality. This is bigger than a sport."
Bennett said he had spoken to several other NFL players about possible protests, but had not talked with Lynch yet. While he acknowledged the possibility of more widespread and formally organized protests happening later, Bennett wanted to express himself.
"I think everybody has a time where they feel like they need to be who they are and stand up for what they believe in," Bennett said.
Seahawks coach Pete Carroll did not have a response to Bennett's actions, saying he only became aware of it after the game.
Bennett said the aim of his protest is to make people uncomfortable. In the process, he hopes to spur greater communication, understanding and involvement across racial, gender and socio-economic lines.
"Everyone is in their comfort zone right now," Bennett said. "Get out there and become uncomfortable. Go out there and see what it's like out there in society right now."
St John has treated 15 patients, two with serious injuries, after a bus crash on a "lethal" stretch of State Highway 94 between Mossburn and Te Anau this morning.
St John spokesman Gerard Campbell said ambulance crews had treated 15 patients: two with serious injuries, one moderately injured and the rest with minor injuries.
Eleven of the people with minor injuries have been taken to the Fiordland Medical Practice in Te Anau, while two, one with serious injuries and one moderate, were transported to Dunedin Hospital and two more, one with serious injuries and one moderate, to Southland Hospital in Invercargill, he said.
Hamish McClean, who owns the farm where the bus crashed, said the vehicle did a 180- degree turn before rolling and sliding into his fence.
Advertisement
"It's people just not driving to the conditions - I could have put my hat on it that it was going to happen this morning."
McLean said there was another rental car that had also slid off the road this morning about 1km from where the bus crashed.
Today was the third frosty day in a row and today there was a dangerous combination of frost mixed with fog.
"Nine times out of 10 the accidents happen on a straight road when speed becomes a factor."
"The road will closed for a good hour or two I'd say."
McLean praised the rescue helicopter crews that arrived to treat the injured bus passengers, saying they had done an amazing job, However he believed there was a need for local helicopter crews that knew the terrain and could get their faster.
Fire and Emergency New Zealand southern communications acting shift manager Ian Littlejohn said three people had to be cut free from the bus, which had rolled onto its side.
Helicopters from Te Anau and Dunedin went to the crash.
Police said 17 passengers were on the bus, plus a driver and tour guide.
It is understood the passengers were heading to Milford Sound for a cruise.
St John said 11 people had been taken to Te Anau medical centre with minor injuries, two have been flown to Dunedin Hospital and two to Invercargill Hospital but their conditions are unknown. Two seriously injured people are being treated at the scene.
Fire and Emergency New Zealand southern communications acting shift manager Ian Littlejohn said three people had to be cut free from the bus, which had rolled onto its side.
Police said uninjured passengers were waiting at the crash scene for a bus to take them to Te Anau.
Motorists were warned to avoid the area as the highway was closed, and would be for some time.
The bus has rolled onto its side near Te Anau. Image / Google Maps
Police were called at 8.10am to the crash, where the bus was understood to have rolled on its side at the bottom of Gorge Hill near The Key.
SH94 LUMSDEN TO TE ANAU - CRASH - ROAD CLOSED - 9:00 AM THURS 31MAY
Due to a crash on SH94 Te Anau - Mossburn Hwy near Mavora Lanes Rd intersection the road is currently CLOSED. Motorists are advised to expect delays. ^JPhttps://t.co/kM75nsfDZN — NZTA Otago/Southland (@NZTAOS) May 30, 2018
The NZ Transport Agency said the crash had closed SH94 near the intersection with Mavora Lanes Rd.
It had earlier warned road users about black ice on the stretch of road.
A woman who runs a nearby holiday home said she had not seen the crash but the highway was icy, especially in shaded areas, and it was also foggy.
''That bloody gorge it's lethal,'' she said of the crash site.
Te Anau chief fire officer Graeme Moffat said Te Anau was blanketed in fog and a black ice warning was in place this morning.
''You generally get black ice around the edge of the fog ... and there are a few shaded spots in the gorge.''
Tipperary will be without Séamus Callanan for Sunday's hurling league final against Galway with a broken thumb. An Star for the last three years, the Drom & Inch forward sustained the injury in last weekend's semi-final win over Wexford.
Team manager Michael Ryan told the Tipperary Star that he expected the forward to be out for three to four weeks but to return in time for the championship opener on May 21st against Cork in the Munster quarter-final.
“We have an important match next weekend and he is not going to be available so, yeah, he is frustrated,” Ryan told the newspaper. “But I am fully aware that when you play a game you run that risk and we run the same risk every night in training.
“This is exactly what the panel is for. We have had surgery on the panel - the panel is back down to thirty-five. There really is intense competition in the panel and this is going to create an opportunity - somebody is going to benefit from it. It is unfortunate, but it creates an opportunity - somebody is going to start instead of him,” Michael Ryan said.
“Séamie is a starter and we can take that as read, but someone is going to get a jersey now that they may or may not have been expecting. This really creates an opportunity for someone,”
In the same interview he also told the Tipperary Star that full back James Barry would be fit to play in the league final despite picking up a minor injury at the weekend.
/ Front page / News
Update: 11:34PM THE Fiji Roads Authority (FRA) has revealed that they are currently working on a future construction plan at the Kasavu slip site in Tailevu.
This was revealed by Chief Executive Officer, John Hutchinson who said " The FRA has tenders out for the Kasavu Slip Road Diversion. These tenders will close in the next two days and will then be evaluated for award before the end of this month," he highlighted.
FRA Chief Executive Officer, John Hutchinson said the bridge had opened ahead of schedule and the response from the motorists had been overwhelming.
"The road infrastructure is essential for our daily movement and the FRA will continue to improve access for all Fijians."
Make informed decisions.
Become an FT subscriber.
Keep abreast of significant corporate, financial and political developments around the world. Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting, expert commentary and analysis you can trust.
Film writer: Hollywood's New McCarthyism Wednesday is the 70th anniversary of President Harry Truman launching his loyalty-oath program, which was soon followed by a congressional investigation into Communist infiltration of...
Florida Gulf Coast University will be kicking off classes this week, and we want to help get parents and college students ready for the new year on campus.
Posted on September 16, 2011 | 3:24 p.m.
Celebration of life services will be held Sept. 20 for the Santa Barbara woman remembered for her love of family and art
Source: Oquist Family
Valerie Ann Oquist passed from this life to be with the Lord on Wednesday, Sept. 14, 2011, in Santa Barbara after an unexpected illness, with her husband, Hal, her four children and granddaughter by her side. She was 76.
Oquist was born on Nov. 17, 1934, to Freda and Garhardt Verhs in Arlington Heights, Ill., where she grew up on a farm with her sister and their four brothers, which she loved dearly.
On April 2, 1955, she married her high school sweetheart, Harold Oquist. The couple became known as Hal and Val. Shortly after their marriage the newlyweds drove her Plymouth to California to begin their new life together. Harold became a highly classified rocket engineer, and Val worked with him at Rocketdyne with her superior mathematics skills. They enjoyed many wonderful experiences in the space industry.
Over the next five decades, the couple raised four children. These children provided them with seven beautiful grandchildren. Hal was fortunate to retire young and spend many blessed years traveling with Val during their 56 years of married life.
Oquist was a treasured member and sat on the boards of directors of numerous notable organizations. She served on the Montecito Hope Ranch Republican Women's Club, the Lincoln Club, the Santa Barbara Puerto Vallarta Sister City Committee, the Friends of the Lobero Theatre, the Reagan Ranch, the Santa Barbara Symphony and Trinity Lutheran Church.
In her spare time, Oquist loved to garden and entertain family and friends at their Montecito home. She enjoyed painting beautiful works of art for others, as she had received a full scholarship from the Art Institute of Chicago. She loved art and the joy that it brought to her and others.
Oquist was a dedicated wife, a loving mother and grandmother, and a loyal friend. She will be sorely missed by all who knew her.
She is survived by her husband, Hal, of 56 years; her children, Debbie, Marsha and husband Joel, Steve and wife Melinda, and Roger and wife Diane; and her seven grandchildren. The family will carry the love, friendship and guidance she bestowed during her life.
Celebration of life services will be held at 1 p.m. Tuesday, Sept. 20 at Trinity Lutheran Church, 909 N. La Cumbre Road in Santa Barbara. A viewing will also be held from 5 to 7 p.m. Monday, Sept. 19 at Welch-Ryce-Haider, 15 E. Sola St. in Santa Barbara.
Islamic State has claimed responsibility on Monday for a New Year's Day mass shooting in a packed Istanbul nightclub that killed 39 people, an attack carried out by a lone gunman who remains at large.
The jihadist group made the claim in a statement on one of its Telegram channels, a method it has used to claim attacks in the past.
"In continuation of the blessed operations that Islamic State is conducting against the protector of the cross, Turkey, a heroic soldier of the caliphate struck one of the most famous nightclubs where the Christians celebrate their apostate holiday," the statement said.
NATO member Turkey is part of the US-led coalition against Islamic State and launched an incursion into Syria in August to drive the radical Sunni militants from its borders.
The authorities believe the assailant may be from a Central Asian nation and suspect he had links to Islamic State, Turkey's Hurriyet newspaper said.
Police have distributed a hazy black-and-white photo of the alleged attacker taken from security footage.
The shooting at the Reina nightclub on the shores of Istanbul's Bosphorus waterway shook Turkey.
Witnesses described diving under tables as he walked around spraying bullets from an automatic rifle.
Nationals of Saudi Arabia, Morocco, Lebanon, Libya, Israel, India, a Turkish- Belgian dual citizen and a Franco-Tunisian woman were among those killed, officials said. Saudi newspaper al-Riyadh said five of the dead were from Saudi Arabia.
Only days ago, an online message from a pro-Islamic State group called for attacks by "lone wolves" on "celebrations, gatherings and clubs".
- AAP
Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn has labelled Northamptonshire County Council "effectively bankrupt" in a speech today.
It comes after the county council was yesterday issued a section 114 notice, effectively banning it from spending any more money except for safeguarding and essential spending.
The notice was issued after a Government inspector, appointed by communities secretary Sajid Javid, to find out whether the authority was failing the taxpayer.
Today, opposition parties have weighed in on the notice, which is believed the first-such order in 20 years.
Speaking at a conference in Nottingham, Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn said: "Yesterday we found out that Tory-run Northamptonshire County Council is effectively bankrupt.
"Austerity is unleashing chaos across our country, squeezing our local authorities and putting jobs and services at risk. When local councils face cuts, local people pay the price."
Northamptonshire's Labour MP candidates have also written an open letter to Sajid Javid calling on the Government to step in and run services because of "catastrophic failings" by the leadership at One Angel Street.
The letter, signed by Beth Miller, Gareth Eales and Sally Keeble, reads: "We are writing to express our deepest concern about the impact on people in Northamptonshire of the continuing incompetence in the financial management and political leadership of the county council.
"We believe that the Government must act to protect the best interests of the many hundreds of thousands of people who rely on the county council's services."
WWE has announced a #1 contenders Fatal 4 Way with Alexa Bliss, Mickie James, Sasha Banks and Nia Jax for tonight's RAW from Columbus, OH.
The winner will go on to face RAW Women's Champion Bayley at the April 30th WWE Payback pay-per-view from San Jose, CA.
Below is the updated confirmed RAW line-up for tonight:
* Jax vs. Bliss vs. James vs. Banks
* Braun Strowman opens the show
* "Superstar Shakeup" fallout and more hype for Payback
Follow Marc Middleton on Twitter at @this_is_marc. Got a news tip or correction? Send it to us by clicking here.
Middlesbrough 1 Arsenal 2
Arsène Wenger unveiled a new formation and his players remembered how to win away as Middlesbrough were left wondering what might have been had Steve Agnew replaced Aitor Karanka a little sooner.
Admittedly Agnew has taken only two points from five games in charge and Boro's aim of avoiding relegation looks even less feasible than the prospect of Arsenal finishing in the top four but their performances have improved.
So much so that not only were Wenger's sometimes shaky side frequently made to sweat but the second half was sufficiently exciting for spectators to justify the decision to miss Broadchurch's eagerly awaited denouement.
With Hull and Swansea losing on Saturday, Middlesbrough had been teased by renewed hope. Six points behind Marco Silva's 17th-placed side and two adrift of Paul Clement's team they held two games in hand on both relegation rivals while also having a significantly superior goal difference.
“We CAN make the great escape,” declared the local Evening Gazette's giant backpage banner headline as Agnew set out to exacerbate Wenger's recent woes while ignoring the reality that Boro were the only English League side to have failed to record a victory during 2017.
If registering a first League win since mid-December seemed a tall order here, Arsenal arrived looking strangely out of sorts and thoroughly distracted by Wenger's delay in announcing whether he will or will not be in charge at the Emirates next season.
Down to seventh in the table, Arsenal had lost five of their previous eight League matches, failed to win away since January and arrived on Teesside on the back of four straight away league defeats, each featuring the concession of three goals.
Ten points adrift of fourth-placed Manchester City, albeit with a couple of games in hand, the time for drastic action had arrived. Cue the extraction of a tactical rabbit from Wenger's hat in the form of a switch to a back three for the first time in 20 years.
The last time they were configured with a central defensive trinity was in 1997 but Wenger accepted something had to change. “We've lost a lot of direct fights centrally so it will get us a bit stronger in the air,” he said before the kick-off.
It took only four minutes for Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain, right wing-back for the night, to emphasise he is not really a natural defender by collecting a yellow card for catching Fabio de Silva the home left-back, late.
Having tried four different formations in as many games – back three included – Agnew reverted to 4-3-3. With Fabio frequently advancing and Gaston Ramírez showing off some classy, defender de-stabilising, touches, Boro began brightly. Suddenly feeling a chill possibly occasioned by more than just the fast coolling evening Arsenal's manager reached for the comforting warmth of his winter duvet coat and zipped it up tightly to the neck.
Happily for the Frenchman an injury to Fabio, replaced by George Friend, soon interrupted Boro's rhythm, while Grant Leadbitter needed to watch his central midfield step after being booked for fouling Mesut Özil.
Although Arsenal could conceivably have had a penalty when Dani Ayala manhandled Olivier Giroud at a corner, neither side had mustered a shot on target as the half hour mark approached. Granted Marten de Roon had headed a partially cleared free-kick beyond Petr Cech but the midfielder was well offside. It had all turned a bit scrappy with both sides struggling to click into any sort of passing groove but then Aaron Ramsey had a volley blocked and shortly afterwards Alexis Sánchez directed another volley straight at Brad Guzan.
Sánchez though was merely warming up as, with half-time fast approaching, the forward temporarily forgot about his contract wrangles and wage demands to concentrate on sending a glorious 22-yard free-kick arcing over the wall and curving well beyond a static Guzan's grasp.
Awarded in the wake of Adam Clayton's felling of Granit Xhaka it prompted Wenger's first smile and coincided with the start of a heavy rain shower which seemed to reflect Boro's newly dampened optimism. Replays suggested Guzan was almost certainly unsighted by a somewhat over-staffed Boro wall but that would be scant consolation to those locals who had arrived hoping to witness an Easter miracle.
Then, just as jokes about anyone believing Teesside survival hopes could be resurrected really needing to see a doctor sharpish began circulating, the skies temporarily cleared and Boro equalised.
It began with the interception of a slightly slapdash Sánchez pass which permitted Stewart Downing to sashay down the right before cutting inside on his left foot and lifting a sublime cross in the direction of Álvaro Negredo. Bisecting a couple of defenders the Spaniard proceeded to beat Cech courtesy of a fantastic flying volley. Arsenal might quickly have fallen behind but Cech kept Ayala's close-range header out after a free-kick provoked panic among the visiting backline.
Those Arsenal fans in the “Wenger to remain” camp were looking a little crestfallen but Özil added a little credence to their campaign by restoring his side's lead. With Boro's defence taking their turn to lose shape, Sánchez's chip and Ramsey's chest down prefaced the German lashing home at the near post.
Guardian services
A lawyer suing Woolworths for $1.3 million after allegedly slipping on a shallot has been banned from contacting insurers who complained of harassment.
Ipswich mother Olga Day was the target of what a judge dubbed an "unusual application" after claims the Zurich insurance firm was menaced and its staff threatened, The Ipswich Advertiser reports.
Previously, Day said she did not see the shallot in time because she was distracted when an in-store demonstrator promoted a constipation aid.
Day, who qualified as a lawyer in her native Russia, said she suffered personal injuries after the shallot incident in 2014.
Advertisement
Lawyers for two product demonstration companies claimed Ms Day, through her husband, tried to intimidate and harass their insurer.
Retail Activation and CPM Australia alleged Zurich staff faced a cavalcade of threats.
The companies told Justice James Douglas that Day's husband accused Zurich directors "of misusing shareholders' funds" by encouraging lawyers to "drag" her claim through the courts.
Justice Douglas, of Brisbane Supreme Court, was told Day and her husband threatened to contact media to disclose "appalling practices".
And the couple allegedly accused two lawyers of "corrupt conduct".
The companies alleged Day was acting in ways solicitors could not, such as by contacting an opposing client directly instead of through lawyers.
Day told Justice Douglas she had realistic chances of success in proving allegations of professional misconduct, breach of directors' duties and corrupt conduct.
Justice Douglas said Day had nearly finished a law degree, had worked for a law firm, and been involved in litigation several times before.
He said public interest in the right of free speech meant he was worried about granting the injunction the companies wanted.
But Justice Douglas agreed to ban Day from direct contact with Zurich, and must go through the insurers' lawyers.
" ... If there are legitimate complaints to be made about the solicitors' conduct or Zurich's conduct, then there are other possible avenues open to Ms Day," Justice Douglas said.
PALMDALE — A couple and their two baby girls were killed Tuesday when their car veered into oncoming traffic and was smashed by a van on a Mojave Desert highway, authorities said.
The couple, who were in their 20s, and a girl about a year old died when their green Kia sedan veered out of control at about 10:30 a.m. on the Sierra Highway in Palmdale, north of Los Angeles, investigators said.
Another girl, also believed to be about a year old, died at a hospital.
Start your day with the news you need from the Bay Area and beyond.
Sign up for our new Morning Report weekday newsletter.
The adults were wearing seatbelts and the children were in car seats, authorities said. Their names were not immediately released.
The car was T-boned by a vanpool from the Antelope Valley Transit Authority. It wasn't carrying passengers but the driver was taken to a hospital for treatment of non-life threatening injuries, authorities said.
Related Articles Motorcycle-involved deaths have been on the rise for 22 years — especially in Southern California
San Jose: Man running from police hit and killed by passing SUV
Oakley man identified as fatal Oakland crash victim
Two killed in separate Bay Area motorcycle crashes
Man riding stolen motorcycle dies after crashing in South San Jose Television news footage showed a passenger van with its front end crushed and a completely demolished car.
“We believe speed may be an issue” and investigators would use skid marks to help determine how fast the car was going when it crossed into oncoming traffic, Los Angeles County sheriff's Detective Rowell Quemuel told KABC-TV.
/ Front page / News
Update: 3:51PM THE first Bond Reopening Facility in the Fiji's history began today with the Government raising $13 million in a reopening of a ten-year bond.
According to a statement from the Government today, $15 million was received in tenders after the Fijian Government floated $10 million in reopened bonds.
"Of the $15 million received, $13 million was accepted with a coupon rate of 6.00 per cent per annum," the government statement said.
Attorney-General and Minister for Economy, Aiyaz Sayed-Khaiyum, welcomed the high demand for the reopened bonds and said it was a "major vote of confidence in the management of the Fijian economy."
Chief of Army Staff (COAS), Lt. Gen. Tukur Yusuf Buratai has said the Nigeria Army would recruit 12,000 men this year to boost its operations across the country.
Gen. Buratai, who was speaking during a budget defence session with the House of Representatives Committee on Army, said the recruitment exercise would take place after the approval of the Army's 2017 budget proposal of N152.8 billion.
He said the recruitment exercise would be in two batches with 6,000 men first and another 6,000 later.
The army chief said the Nigerian Army was currently engaged in different operations in 32 states of the federation, fighting criminalities such as kidnapping, terrorism, pipeline vandalism, cattle rustling, among others.
He also told lawmakers that lack of prompt release of funds was hampering military operations nationwide, adding that they needed to boost the morale of troops regularly.
He said the army face many challenges, which in some instances necessitated the deployment of Quick Response Groups to troubled areas and establishment of new units in some cases.
Share
HP has once again been forced to issue an emergency patch for its laptops after a driver-level keylogger was discovered by a security researcher. Michael Myng, aka "ZwClose," found the code in the Synaptics Touchpad SynTP.sys keyboard driver, which is used in virtually all HP laptops, while he was trying to find a way of adjusting the backlighting.
Although the keylogger is turned off by default, changing registry values could see it enabled, making it a target for malware programs such as Remote Access Trojans (RAT).
HP said the "potential security vulnerability" is found in more than 460 of its laptop models, including those in the EliteBook, ProBook, Pavilion and Envy lines. The company has released a full list of affected devices, some of which date back to 2012.
"A potential security vulnerability has been identified with certain versions of Synaptics touchpad drivers that impacts all Synaptics OEM partners. A party would need administrative privileges in order to take advantage of the vulnerability. Neither Synaptics nor HP has access to customer data as a result of this issue," wrote HP, who said the keylogger was actually a debug trace.
ZwClose says that a fix will also be issued as part of a Windows Update.
It was back in May when HP had to release a fix for a keylogger discovered by Swiss firm modezero that was buried in the Conexant HD audio driver and distributed by the firm since at least Christmas 2015. The company said the code had been mistakenly added to the software.
There will be no trains north or south from Corby, Kettering or Wellingborough stations one Sunday later this month.
Work to upgrade the track and signalling equipment means there will be no direct trains to and from London St Pancras and the north on Sunday, October 29.
An East Midlands Trains spokesman said: “We've started to make big improvements to your railway which means you may experience some disruption while we carry out the work.
“On Sunday, October 29, there are no direct trains to and from London St Pancras International and the north.
“This is so essential work to upgrade the track and signalling equipment can be made to offer a faster and more reliable.”
If you are travelling southbound on that day, trains from Sheffield / Derby and Nottingham will terminate at Leicester; there will be then be an express rail replacement bus between Leicester and Bedford where you can then connect with a train from Bedford to Luton / Luton Airport Parkway and London St Pancras International.
There will also be rail replacement buses if you are travelling to Market Harborough, Kettering and Wellingborough.
If you are travelling from Corby there will be a rail replacement bus between Corby and Kettering where you can connect with a bus to Bedford.
If you are travelling northbound trains from London St Pancras International will terminate at Bedford, an express rail replacement bus will run between Bedford and Leicester where you can then connect with trains to Nottingham / Derby / Sheffield.
There will also be rail replacement buses at Bedford if you are travelling to Wellingborough, Kettering and Market Harborough.
If you are travelling to Corby, there will be a rail replacement bus between Bedford and Kettering where you can change for a bus to Corby.
Marine Alerts (as of 1:00 a.m.)
High Surf Warning: Through 6 a.m. Monday for north and west shores of Molokai and north shores of Maui.
Small Craft Advisory: Through 6 a.m. Monday for high seas.
Check our breaking news section for any urgent weather alerts or updates to the weather alerts listed above.
**Click directly on the images below to make them larger. Charts include: Maui County projected winds, tides, swell direction & period and expected wave heights.**
+ SWIPE LEFT OR RIGHT SWIPE LEFT OR RIGHT
ADVERTISEMENT
Maui Surf Forecast
North: Wave heights are expected to be double to triple overhead today with bigger sets for select reefs early in the day. Swell decreasing through the day.
West: Wave heights are expected to be waist high or less today. Spots catching the northwest wrap will be bigger.
South: Wave heights are expected to be waist high or less today.
Our current north-northwest swell peaked yesterday and elevated surf will continue for most north facing shores and some west facing shores. This swell should begin to fade on Monday.
An even larger north-northwest expected to fill in late Tuesday and Wednesday bringing another round of warning level surf to the state.
Keep in mind, surf heights are measured on the face of the wave from trough to crest. Heights vary from beach to beach, and at the same beach, from break to break.
**Click here for your detailed Maui County weather report.**
A man is dead after being crushed between a ute and a garage at a private property in the Thames.
The tragedy happened at 9.45am.
St John ambulance tweeted a patient had died at the scene.
A police spokeswoman said the victim's next of kin had yet to be notified and police were still at the home.
BEVERLY HILLS, Calif. (AP) — Nominees for the 75th annual Golden Globe Awards, announced Thursday in Beverly Hills, California, by the Hollywood Foreign Press Association:
MOTION PICTURES
__Picture, Drama: "Call Me By Your Name," ''Dunkirk," ''The Post," The Shape of Water" and "Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri."
—Picture, Musical or Comedy: "The Disaster Artist," ''Get Out," ''The Greatest Showman," ''Lady Bird" and "I, Tonya."
Advertisement
—Director: Guillermo Del Toro, "The Shape of Water," Martin McDonagh, "Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri," Christopher Nolan, "Dunkirk," Ridley Scott, "All the Money in the World," Steven Spielberg, "The Post."
__ Actress, Drama: Jessica Chastain, "Molly's Game," Sally Hawkins, "The Shape of Water," France McDormand, "Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missiouri," Meryl Streep, "The Post," ''Michelle Williams, "All the Money in the World."
__Actor, Drama: Timothee Chalamet, "Call Me by Your Name," Daniel Day-Lewis, "Phantom Thread," Tom Hanks, "The Post," Gary Oldman, "Darkest Hour."
—Actress, Musical or Comedy: Judi Dench, "Victoria & Abdul," Helen Mirren, "The Leisure Seeker," Margot Robbie, "I, Tonya," Saoirse Ronan, "Lady Bird," Emma Stone," Battle of the Sexes."
—Actor, Musical or Comedy: Steve Carell, "Battle of the Sexes," Ansel Elgort, "Baby Driver," James Franco, "The Disaster Artist," Hugh Jackman, "The Greatest Showman," Daniel Kaluuya, "Get Out."
—Foreign Language: "Fantastic Woman," ''First They Killed My Father," "In the Fade," ''Loveless" and "The Square."
—Animated Film: "The Boss Baby," ''The Breadwinner," ''Coco," ''Ferdinand," ''Loving Vincent."
—Supporting Actress: Mary J. Blige, "Mudbound," Hong Chau, "Downsizing," Allison Janney, "I, Tonya," Laurie Metcalf, "Lady Bird," ''Octavia Spencer, "The Shape of Water."
—Supporting Actor: Willem Dafoe, "The Florida Project," Armie Hammer, "Call Me by Your Name," Richard Jenkins, "The Shape of Water," Christopher Plummer, "All the Money in the World," Sam Rockwell, "Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri."
TELEVISION
—Series, Drama: "The Crown," ''The Handmaid's Tale," ''This Is Us," ''Stranger Things" and "Game of Thrones."
—Series, Musical or Comedy: "black-ish," ''The Marvelous Mrs. Maisel," ''Master of None," ''Smilf" and "Will & Grace."
—Movie or Limited Series: "Big Little Lies," ''Fargo," ''Feud: Bette and Joan," ''The Sinner" and "Top of the Lake: China Girl."
—Actor, Movie or Limited Series: Robert De Niro, "The Wizard of Lies." Jude Law, "The Young Pope," Kyle MacLachlan, "Twin Peaks," Ewan McGregor, "Fargo," Geoffrey Rush, "Genius,"
—Actress, Musical or Comedy: Pamela Adlon, "Better Things"; Alison Brie, "Glow"; Rachel Brosnahan, "The Marvelous Mrs. Maisel"; Issa Rae, "Insecure" and Frankie Shaw, "Smilf."
— Actor, Musical or Comedy: Anthony Anderson, "black-ish"; Aziz Ansari, "Master of None"; Kevin Bacon, "I Love Dick"; William H. Macy, "Shameless" and Eric McCormack, "Will & Grace."
NEW YORK (AP) — The Latest on a court hearing on the FBI investigation of Michael Cohen (all times local):
11:45 a.m.
A New York judge says lawyers for President Donald Trump's personal lawyer and Trump have until June 15 to make attorney-client privilege claims over data seized in April raids.
U.S. District Judge Kimba Wood said at a hearing Wednesday that she had to balance the needs of lawyers for Cohen and Trump with the needs of criminal prosecutors.
Advertisement
Cohen did not speak during the hour-long hearing in Manhattan. His lawyers said they are about a third of the way through materials turned over from the government. Federal agents raided Cohen's home and office on April 9 in a criminal fraud probe.
The lawyers said it will take until mid-July to finish their review. Wood said that was too long.
___
11:30 a.m.
An attorney for President Donald Trump's personal lawyer is accusing porn actress Stormy Daniels' attorney of leaking secret banking records to deliberately harm his client.
The attorney for Michael Cohen, Stephen Ryan, blasted Michael Avenatti at a New York court hearing Wednesday about materials seized in an FBI raid of Cohen's home and office.
Ryan told a judge that Avenatti should not be able to participate in a review over whether the materials fall under attorney-client privilege.
Avenatti denied that he did anything wrong. U.S. District Judge Kimba Wood told Avenatti he would need to file a formal application to join the case.
Prosecutors say they're probing Cohen's business interests. There have been no charges filed against him.
Wood told the parties to speed up the review process.
___
11:15 a.m.
Lawyers for President Donald Trump and his personal attorney, Michael Cohen, are appearing again before a judge in New York as part of an ongoing legal tussle over records seized from Cohen by the FBI.
The primary subject of the hearing Wednesday was a review of files and phone data taken from Cohen as part of an investigation of his personal business affairs.
But the lawyers were also debating whether Michael Avenatti, the lawyer for porn actress Stormy Daniels, will get a formal role in the case.
Avenatti says he also wants access to some seized records, possibly including recordings of phone calls, to see if they reveal confidential information about Daniels.
Lawyers for Cohen don't want him involved.
___
12:22 a.m.
A court-appointed official has given a New York judge an upbeat report on how fast attorney-client privilege designations are being applied to materials seized from President Donald Trump's personal lawyer.
Barbara Jones said in a letter filed in federal court Tuesday that lawyers for Trump personal lawyer Michael Cohen and attorneys for Trump and the Trump Organization have designated more than 250 items as subject to the privilege.
The letter to U.S. District Judge Kimba Wood preceded a hearing scheduled for Wednesday.
Jones says more than a million pieces of data from three of Cohen's phones are ready to be given to criminal prosecutors.
Wood had asked that materials from the April 9 raids on Cohen's home and office be processed speedily. Prosecutors say they're probing Cohen's business interests.
VP Chiwenga says the government is working towards ensuring that the Hwange Colliery pays employees outstanding salaries. "The problems that dogged Hwange Colliery Company Limited to the point of almost closing in 2016 will not happen in this dispensation."
Sir, – May I once again use your good offices to highlight the urgent need for public toilets in our capital city. Public showers too should be available. Both issues we have been highlighting for years, with no success. Our current warm spell points clearly to the need for same. – Yours, etc,
ALICE LEAHY,
Director of Services,
Alice Leahy Trust,
Bride Road,
Dublin 8.
FILE - In this Jan. 14, 2015, file photo, odds are displayed on a screen at a sports book owned and operated by CG Technology in Las Vegas. More than a third of U.S. states are considering legalizing sports gambling if the Supreme Court overturns a federal law that has banned sports books in all but Nevada and three other states since 1992. John Locher, File AP Photo
Tommy Robinson, a prominent far-right activist in Britain, has been jailed for 13 months after live-streaming outside a criminal trial in violation of reporting restrictions.
Robinson, a pseudonym of 35-year-old Stephen Yaxley-Lennon, was arrested on Friday at Leeds Crown Court in northern England, where he was broadcasting details of an ongoing trial on Facebook.
The trial is covered by restrictions on what can be reported.
Robinson was given a three-month suspended sentence last year for a similar offence and told he'd go to prison if he offended again.
Electric car sales are on the rise. Nearly every mainstream automaker has or is working on a fully-electric vehicle to meet ever-increasing customer demands. Porsche's first foray into the full-electric camp is the upcoming Mission E, a performance sedan with its sights aimed squarely at Tesla According to Autocar , demand is up so much for electrified vehicles that Porsche is expanding the scope of the Mission E and will offer several variants when the car goes on sale with a different, still-to-be-determined name in either 2019 or 2020.Worldwide, the Panamera E-Hybrid makes up 60 percent of that model's sales. In Scandinavia, that number jumps to 90 percent. Demand is only going to grow as different regions begin to offer tax incentives and other bonuses for driving electric or electrified vehicles. Porsche is pivoting, setting up the Mission E to reach an even wider audience than originally predicted. Porsche wants to sell 20,000 Mission E sedans each year . Considering the success of cars like the Tesla Model S , it doesn't seem like that far of a stretch.The Mission E is the first all-new model line since the Macan was introduced in 2014. While range is important, Porsche is focused on performance first and foremost. It will leverage EV strengths like torque and a low center-of-gravity. Two electric motors - one at each axle - will give the car all-wheel drive and should help the car compete favorably against the competition at Tesla. The Mission E concept produced 600 horsepower and 663 pound-feet of torque.
Netflix made a bullish forecast for subscriber additions by mid-year, a positive sign for its push to expand around the world that sent its shares toward an all-time high.
The streaming video company pushed back the next season of its smash-hit “House of Cards,” and other programming to the second quarter, meaning it lured in fewer new subscribers in the first quarter than expected, but will likely make it up from April through June.
Subscriber rolls, the most closely watched measure of Netflix's growth, rose by just under 5 million globally in the first quarter, behind analysts' projection of 5.18 million, according to FactSet StreetAccount.
However, Netflix forecast 3.2 million more in the seasonally slow second quarter, well ahead of analysts' estimate of nearly 2.4 million. Its shares dropped as much as 3 per cent in after-hours trading before rebounding to gain 1.3 per cent.
The late rise put Netflix stock on track to open at a record high on Tuesday. A decade after shaking up Hollywood by delivering TV shows and movies over the internet, the company said it expects to top 100 million global subscribers this weekend.
Netflix has expanded around the world over the last few years, betting that its US formula would pay off in other countries. Opening in new markets and creating shows in additional languages was an expensive proposition. Chief executive Reed Hastings urged investors to look at its growth over time rather than quarter-by-quarter fluctuations.
“We definitely see a big opportunity around the world,” Hastings said in an interview with analysts that was posted on YouTube.
New yardsticks
In its quarterly letter to shareholders, Netflix asked investors to judge its future success by looking primarily at revenue growth and global operating margins. That would be a shift for Wall Street, which has focused on subscriber numbers, said Needham & Co analyst Laura Martin.
“The minute you actually pivot (investors) to an income statement, you're talking to a completely different kind of investor,” Martin said. “And that investor demands profitability. So it's a risky business.”
The Los Gatos, California-based company said net income rose to $178 million, or 40 cents per share, compared with $28 million, or 6 cents per share, in the year-ago period. Wall Street had expected 37 cents per share. Revenue rose 35 per cent to $2.64 billion in the quarter.
The earnings beat was due to the change in timing of “House of Cards,” which helped push costs into the second quarter, boosting operating margins from January through March and reducing them in the second quarter.
For the quarter that ended March 31, Netflix added 3.53 million subscribers outside the United States. Analysts on average had estimated 3.68 million additions, according to research firm FactSet. In the United States, the company added 1.42 million subscribers, compared with analysts' average estimate of 1.50 million.
Up to Monday's close, Netflix's stock had risen nearly 19 per cent in 2017, outperforming the roughly 5 per cent gain in the broader S&P 500 index.
Reuters
Bob Fisher
DES MOINES — A new state law will prevent state and local governments from striking “project labor agreements” with union workers on construction projects.
Supporters of these agreements say they ensure workers are paid a fair wage and the construction is completed on time and within the budget. Opponents, like Governor Terry Branstad, say non-union contractors lose out on big projects that are financed with government dollars.
“Publicly-funded construction projects create jobs for workers here in Iowa and it's important to make sure that all qualified workers have the opportunity to bid on these projects,” Branstad said during a bill-signing ceremony in his statehouse office.
Project labor agreements have been used on some of the state's biggest government construction projects, like the Iowa Events Center in downtown Des Moines. But in 2011 when Branstad returned as Iowa's governor, he issued an executive order that banned project labor agreements on state-financed construction. The bill Branstad signed into law last week ensures the ban applies not only to projects that are financed with state tax dollars, but construction paid for with tax dollars collected by cities, counties and school districts.
“Project labor agreements infringe on Iowans' right to work by denying small businesses, contractors, women- and minority-owned companies the opportunity to competitively bid on these important projects,” Branstad said. “PLAs increase the cost of public projects by preventing competitive bidding on projects and leave Iowa taxpayers to foot the bill for these increased expenses.”
A host of organizations that represent businesses and contractors lobbied for this new law. Unions opposed it, as did the Iowa State Association of Counties and the Iowa League of Cities. Democrats say the new law is part of the GOP's anti-union agenda. Republicans say 85 percent of the construction workers in Iowa do not belong to a union and this new law will help their employers secure government contracts.
Connecticut's Azurá Stevens 23) reacts after a basket during the first half of a second-round game against Quinnipiac in the NCAA women's college basketball tournament in in Storrs, Conn., Monday, March 19, 2018.
Rafa Benitez, somewhat conspicuously, refused to join in the chorus of disapproval directed towards his Newcastle United midfielder Jonjo Shelvey. By contrast, Alan Shearer did not - and with every justification. Shelvey had, after all, played a large part in ruining Shearer's birthday.
While the Spaniard tiptoed around Shelvey's latest moment of madness, former Newcastle hero and England captain Shearer was not so diplomatic, going in with both feet, rather as the stand-in Newcastle captain had in his needless assault on Dele Alli, which irrevocably turned the tide against his side on a chastening re-introduction to the Premier League.
Breaking off from celebrations to mark turning 47, Shearer took to Twitter to express the feelings of the majority of the 52,000 inside St James' Park.
"That is just pathetic, Jonjo Shelvey."
Advertisement
After a case of new season, same old Shelvey, it was an apt description.
The stand-in Newcastle captain's annual moment of madness arrived early as the notoriously short-fused player received a straight red card for treading on a prone Alli shortly after halftime, paving the way for a comfortable 2-0 victory for Mauricio Pochettino's side.
The hosts had coped comfortably enough with a largely lacklustre Tottenham display until that pivotal 49th minute, but the numerical disparity soon told. Pochettino introduced Heung-Min Son to increase his attacking options, and almost immediately Alli, unmarked at the far post, stretched to volley home a cross from Christian Eriksen just after the hour mark.
The lack of protest from Shelvey suggested he knew his fate when, in attempting to pick Alli up as the England midfielder lay on the St James' Park turf after conceding a free-kick, he inexplicably but very deliberately trod on his opponent under the nose of referee Andre Marriner, who brandished red.
Shelvey's departure added insult to injury, with Benitez forced to replace defenders Paul Dummett and Florian Lejeune.
Their potential absence "for maybe two weeks or more" adds further urgency to the manager's efforts to strengthen a squad whose limitations Spur ruthlessly exploited.
In Shelvey's absence, Tottenham took Benitez's tiring troops through almost three-quarters of an hour of chase-ball purgatory.
Ben Davies doubled the advantage from close range with 20 minutes left, nipping in ahead of Eriksen to thump the ball past Newcastle goalkeeper Rob Elliot.
A great quote has been unearthed by campaigners for abortion reform in Northern Ireland, showing that in 1992 future DUP leader Arlene Foster (then Kelly) spoke for a motion at the annual conference of the UUP's youth wing.
The Irish Constitution was still “riddled with Roman Catholic social and political doctrine,” Foster warned delegates.
“A few examples include the Republic's stand on divorce and abortion . . . we must expose the Republic's Constitution for all that it is; an archaic crutch to the Roman Catholic Church.”
Foster has since changed her stance on abortion and cross-Border political interference, at least in a northward direction. But let us be kind enough to note it has taken her 26 years, a switch of party and a rollercoaster of fortune to do so.
The SDLP, by contrast, has managed a similar journey in a week.
It still has the same pro-life policy on abortion as the DUP and only permitted members to oppose the policy as a mater of conscience as of May 19th, yet already leader Colum Eastwood has called for a “fit for purpose” abortion law so that “the days of exporting this issue are brought to an end”.
Sinn Féin supports repeal of the Eighth Amendment but was arguing over this as recently as six months ago, still rejects the Irish Government's proposed legislation and only backed abortion in cases of rape and fatal foetal abnormality in 2015.
Champion of liberalisation
Yet suddenly Sinn Féin is such a champion of liberalisation it seems to think it won the referendum and owns the associated social and political momentum, which will carry it into government.
So confident of this is leader Mary Lou McDonald that she left the New York Times convinced she will become the next taoiseach, in an interview published on the day of the vote.
An Alliance Party Bill to legalise abortion in Northern Ireland for cases of rape and fatal foetal abnormality, in line with Sinn Féin's policy, was laid before Stormont in December 2016 but Sinn Féin crashed devolution days later because it was not getting enough “respect”.
The last time the Assembly had a chance to vote on the same policy, via Alliance amendments in February 2016, the UUP allowed a conscience vote, the SDLP denied fatal foetal abnormality could be diagnosed and the amendments failed by a substantial outright majority, meaning there was no sectarian divide or single-community veto.
Going back a little further, to 2008, the decade-long bill of rights consultation under the Belfast Agreement concluded that abortion is not a rights issue and could only be addressed through the Assembly, following what the Human Rights Commission called “forceful” submissions from nationalist and unionist parties.
All changed, changed utterly, now the Irish need never be born
Yet as of last Friday, according to nationalist parties, abortion is both a rights issue and a democratic imperative, being denied by the dinosaurs of the DUP thanks to a sectarian unionist veto.
Ironically, throughout the whole of Northern Ireland's existence until last Thursday, opposition to abortion was considered a rare point of cross-community agreement.
London never dared
Any suggestion of Westminster imposing legislation was felt to be particularly unacceptable to nationalists, as it would bring contested British sovereignty into conflict with Catholic doctrine. So London never dared – and unionists never asked.
All changed, changed utterly, now the Irish need never be born.
So urgent is it to have Dublin's abortion law imposed on Northern Ireland that Sinn Féin, which does not support that law, nevertheless believes it justifies a Border poll.
Appearing on ITV, party vice-president Michelle O'Neill explained that the referendum result was a “constitutional issue” that will cause “people from a unionist background to have a conversation about where they see themselves in the future”.
It should be easy for O'Neill, as a champion of parity of esteem, to picture that conversation. The likelihood of unionists voting “Yes” to a united Ireland due to repeal of the Eighth Amendment is exactly the same as the likelihood of O'Neill voting “No” to a united Ireland due to the passing of the Eighth Amendment, or even less so, given that from a unionist perspective this is all happening in a foreign country.
Unionists are foreign to the Republic as well, of course, which makes the rush to judge the DUP look more like ignorance than opportunism.
That does not explain the volume of southern sneering at the Grand Lodge of Ireland in Dublin.
Naturally, the Orange Order opposes abortion – it is an evangelical Christian organisation.
Many in Northern Ireland detest the order for its contentious marches, although the last of those was resolved in July 2016, as this was apparently an easier problem to crack than abortion.
But is the Republic's approach to Orangeism not about relaxed days on the beach in Rossnowlagh, Bertie Ahern and Ian Paisley exchanging gifts at the Battle of the Boyne site, and everybody just gets along?
Imagine an Ireland where there were enough unionists, led to expect enough influence, to slightly alter or even briefly delay a major political decision.
Now there would be a constitutional issue.
Rebel Wilson has hit back at a "rubbish, ridiculous" story after winning her epic defamation trial against Bauer Media on Thursday afternoon.
Outside court after an all-female jury of six today returned unanimous verdicts in favour of Wilson, the 37-year-old said it was about time somebody stood up to "chequebook journalists".
"It's a win for everybody who gets maliciously taken down," she told reporters.
× Wilson won her case against Bauer Media, saying it was about time somebody stood up to 'chequebook journalists'. Photo / AP Wilson won her case against Bauer Media, saying it was about time somebody stood up to 'chequebook journalists'. Photo / AP
"I was in the number one movie all around the world and the response was to maliciously bring me down.
Advertisement
"You've probably heard of tall poppy syndrome. It was so hurtful, I didn't deserve it. It was really disgraceful."
Wilson said she was "exhausted" and at times felt "like a criminal" but that she was ready to celebrate.
"It's draining and it's exhausting and unfortunately this was the only way that I could stand up to this huge media organisation."
She did not speculate about the dollar figure she may receive but said it was never about money.
"What's fair? It's not about the number. What I was hoping is that the jury would do the right thing and send a message to the tabloids. It's over in my mind," she said.
"There'll be an expert coming next week to answer questions about the number."
She said the "stain has disappeared" and "hopefully my career will go from strength to strength".
The Hollywood star sat in court every day of the three week trial.
Outside court today she said the actions of Bauer Media were "so hurtful and so disgusting".
"Far too often I feel that their conduct can only be described as disgusting and as disgraceful," Wilson said.
"I'm glad, very glad, that the jury has agreed with me.
"And by the unanimous and overwhelming verdict, thy have sent a very clear message.
"I really love my job as an actor and as an entertainer.
"I just look forward to rebuilding my career now that the record has been set straight"
For six days she stood in the witness box giving evidence that her life had been ruined by the eight articles over which she launched her lawsuit.
She cried, rapped, told jokes, did impersonations and submitted herself to gruelling cross-examination.
Her mum followed, as did her siblings, celebrity agents, and friends, including Logie award winner Hugh Sheridan.
It was the most bizarre of trials to come before the Victorian Supreme Court in years.
Outside court fans pounced on her almost daily, begging for selfies or grabbing autographs.
Inside court a flower-carrying stalker sparked a security alert, prompting the actor to hire a bodyguard that duly stayed by her side.
Fans packed court almost daily, with standing room only for at least the first 15 days of the trial.
International media followed the case closely, with celebrity blogger Perez Hilton frequently expressing his opinion on Twitter.
Locally radio personalities Dave Hughes and Kate Langbroek orchestrated a support rally on the steps of the court.
They are things that would never happen during a normal trial by jury.
But there was little normal about this case in which Wilson was the leading lady in her own courtroom drama.
David Letterman, Matt Lucas and Walt Disney had guest roles. There were cameos too, by Matt Damon, Melissa McCarthy, Kirsten Dunst, Melissa George, Anna Kendrick and Isla Fisher.
× Rebel Wilson won her defamation case against Bauer Media. Photo / AP Rebel Wilson won her defamation case against Bauer Media. Photo / AP
It was never going to be an easy, or quick, task for the jury.
They were asked to decide whether Wilson was a serial liar who invented fantastical stories to make it in Hollywood.
Or, as she claimed, was the victim of tall poppy syndrome and a cruel campaign to bring her down.
To reach their verdict they were given 13 pages of questions to work through.
Among the questions the jury needed to answer was whether Wilson lied about her age, name and upbringing.
They listened to more than a dozen local and international witnesses including agent to the stars Sharon Jackson live from Hollywood.
She gave evidence that after the May 2015 articles were published, Wilson's career suffered a staggering blow.
At the time the articles were published Wilson's global smash Pitch Perfect 2 had just been released.
She should have been commanding at least $5 million a movie, Ms Jackson said, but instead she couldn't land a job.
"That surprised me," she said.
"I just thought that she would be getting offers at that point. It was a real mystery.
"The way Hollywood works is no one ever says no, it would just more be like, we're not there yet."
Clips from her hit movies were played, an interview with David Letterman had everyone in the court chuckling, and an entire episode of Julia Zemiro's Home Delivery was shown for the jury's benefit.
Home movies, a nostalgic wander through family photo albums and clips from her days on Australian TV, too.
Rebel told the jury how she was related to Walt Disney, by marriage, and had private use of Disneyland as a child.
Now she is part of a members-only secret club at the Californian theme park.
"Most people wouldn't know it exists," she said.
× At the time the articles were published Wilson's global smash Pitch Perfect 2 had just been released. Photo / AP At the time the articles were published Wilson's global smash Pitch Perfect 2 had just been released. Photo / AP
She pays $60,000 for membership but told the court her relationship to Disney had a part to play in being signed up.
The actor said despite no evidence to support the claim, she had always been told her great-aunt Lillian married the legendary animator and producer.
"It is just something I've always known. It is like knowing who your parents are," she said.
Disney played a central role in the case, with Bauer using her claimed link to Uncle Walt as an example of Wilson's misleading stories.
But the jury didn't buy it.
Sending the jury off to deliberate Justice John Dixon told them to keep one simple question in mind: is the star a serial liar?
In order to win the case, Wilson had to have convinced the jury that the series of articles published by Bauer painted her as a serial liar.
The law presumed Wilson had a good reputation, and she needed to prove that it had been defamed, he said.
Closing his case on behalf of Wilson Dr Matthew Collins, QC, said there wasn't a single shred of evidence that Wilson had ever lied.
"Why was Bauer Media, with all of its worldwide resources, unable to identify a single person anywhere in the world to whom the supposed lie had been said - a friend, a former friend, a colleague, an agent, a producer, a publicist, a member of the public, anyone?" he said.
"This proceeding has been reported in the press every day over the past three weeks. Why hasn't someone come out of the woodwork to corroborate this allegation that Rebel Wilson is a liar?
"The reason they came up with nothing, of course, is obvious. Rebel Wilson has not lied."
Dr Collins said Wilson took the legal action to stand up to Bauer's toxic style of journalism.
"She doesn't say that these articles are the worst thing that have ever happened in her life and that you should all feel sorry for her," he said.
"She says that she is not a serial liar, as alleged by this defendant, and she seeks your verdict to tell that to the world, to tell the world that what this defendant did to her was wrong.
"Rebel Wilson came here to stand up to a bully.
"Her claim is not about money, it is about restoring her reputation."
Bauer Media released a statement this afternoon saying they will consider their options following today's verdict.
"We have no further comment to make at this time," it read.
Justice Dixon will assess damages at a later date.
Amanda Acorn is a choreographer and teacher based in Toronto. Born and raised in Calgary, dancing and creating in Toronto for the last 12 years. Amanda was a company artist with Dancemakers under the artistic direction of Michael Trent, where she made her first choreographic work, from 2011-2015. As a collaborator she has performed in the dance works of Benjamin Kamino, Karen K'eaja, Isabel Lewis, Dana Michel, Lemi Ponifasio and Cara Spooner among others. Her own work has toured across Canada, recently presenting her work multiform(s) at The Art Gallery of Ontario and The Music Gallery. Her works are vivid and surprising. She is a Cancer who loves coffee, food, music and talking about feelings.
What ‘hood are you in?
I live in Roncesvalles. Best hood.
What do you do?
I'm a choreographer and teacher. I make and produce my own work, collaborate with other artists I admire. I also teach pilates and movement.
What are you currently working on?
I've been creating this work on TDT as part of Glass Fields since September. I've been collaborating with composer Jonathan Adjemian on the sound design. I adore what we made together. It's been amazing to work on this project.
Where can we find your work?
Glass Fields this week at the Harbourfront Centre! I'm an artist in residence at Dancemakers until the summer where I'll be researching a new work. You can catch me on the weekly schedule at MISFITSTUDIO at both Queen and Ossington locations. Find all my work on my website amandaacorn.com
When US president-elect Donald Trump rang in the new year this weekend, he did it in Gatsby-like opulence, joined by actor Sylvester Stallone, the gossip page fixture Fabio and a crowd of wealthy developers revelling under the swaying palm trees at Trump's Mar-a-Lago resort in Palm Beach, Florida
President George W Bush had his ranch in Crawford, Texas. His father had a compound in Kennebunkport, Maine. President Barack Obama has taken frequent vacations in Hawaii, staying at a private home.
But Mr Trump's 118-room private club in Florida, where he has spent the past two weeks away from his home in New York City, is likely to eclipse them all as the 45th president's winter White House. And that was always the intention of Marjorie Meriweather Post, the cereal heiress and the property's original owner, who left Mar-a-Lago to the federal government when she died in 1973, hoping it would serve as a home for presidents.
But the government had no interest in her plan, and Trump later bought the property for less than $10 million (€9.54m) , turning it into a club where membership costs six figures.
Trump's arrival was greeted with sneers by the Palm Beach elite, and he opened up Mar-a-Lago's membership to Jews and African-Americans, who had been excluded from other members-only establishments. He was also the first club owner on the island to admit an openly gay couple.
‘Mr Trump's wedge salad'
Since Trump's victory in November, Mar-a-Lago has been stuffed with guests attracted by an amenity unique to this club: the chance to rub shoulders with the next president. “It's like going to Disneyland and knowing Mickey Mouse will be there all day long,” said Jeff Greene, a developer and unsuccessful Democratic candidate for the Senate from Florida in 2010, who is a Mar-a-Lago member and was a Hillary Clinton supporter.
ADVERTISEMENT
Instead of hosting major corporate executives and potential cabinet secretaries for interviews inside a boxy transition office at Trump Tower in New York, Trump has been seated on an ornately designed couch, upholstered in pale fabric laced with gold, beneath a chandelier hanging from the ceiling, a scene resembling a mansion in Sunset Boulevard or Citizen Kane, two of Trump's favourite movies.
At night, the couches are moved out and tables added to accommodate the evening cocktail crowd, among whom Mr Trump moves from one table to the next, the most powerful greeter in the world.
At the annual New Year's Eve party on Saturday night, a gold-laced white menu included “Mr Trump's wedge salad,” a wild mushroom and Swiss chard ravioli, and a “breakfast buffet”. Those in attendance drifted in under a yellow-and-white striped awning, the men dressed in tuxedos, the women in ballgowns, many with their hair swept high.
Guests stepped onto a red carpet as they entered the club, and wandered over to a poolside cocktail party. One guest said Mr Trump addressed people, thanking his family and the club members for their support over the years.
‘So relaxed'
Howie Carr, a conservative radio host who was supportive of Mr Trump, roamed the crowd and posted on Twitter that his daughter asked Mr Trump if she could be an intern in the White House. Mr Trump's two adult sons, Eric and Donald Jr, posed for photographs. Joe Scarborough and Mika Brzezinski from MSNBC's Morning Joe were also there.
Like most aspects of Mr Trump's business interests, the party generated controversy as tickets to it were made available to club members and guests for a little more than $500.
Mr Trump returned to New York on Sunday night. But the club will remain an escape for him.
His contentious Twitter posts belie his relative calm when he is at Mar-a-Lago compared with when he is isolated inside Trump Tower. Mr Trump's combative public persona, often on display during his campaign, mostly dissolves behind the carved-stone walls of his castle.
“Mar-a-Lago is an environment he can control,” said historian Douglas Brinkley, who last week attended a Mar-a-Lago lunch with a longtime club member, Chris Ruddy, chief executive of Newsmax Media. “I watched him hold court . He was so comfortable in his own skin, and so relaxed.”
Ruddy has hosted Carr and Laura Ingraham, another conservative radio host who supported Trump, at the club and has introduced Mr Trump to a range of media figures, politicians and donors. He described the president-elect as “seeking the pre-election Donald Trump: totally at ease, very positive, very gregarious.”
Elaborate security
Mr Trump appears to feed off contact with people at the club. Over the Thanksgiving holiday, he queried dinner guests about whether he should appoint Rudy Giuliani or Mitt Romney as his secretary of state (he ended up picking neither).
During this trip, he has heaped praise on his ultimate choice for the job, Rex Tillerson, the head of Exxon Mobil. (Trump has called him “Mr Exxon”.) He talks about the work he has done to find a solution for the problems at the Department of Veterans Affairs, which included a recent meeting with a number of executives at Mar-a-Lago.
Mr Trump told a New York Times reporter that he intended to make Brian Burns, the businessman son of a confidante of Joseph P Kennedy, the ambassador to Ireland.
With Mr Trump's coming new job, the club has had some changes. Guests now go through an elaborate security screen to gain access to the main entrance. Secret Service agents are now sprinkled throughout the property, at night blending into the shrubbery along the grounds.
ADVERTISEMENT
Robin Bernstein, a club member for nearly 25 years, said that some club members might express frustration, but that most thought it was important “that we keep Donald and his family safe”. Attendees seem to see a benefit so far in having the president-elect around, and expect it will continue.
“The loser in this game is Camp David,” said Mr Brinkley, referring to the longtime presidential retreat in Maryland. “Once you're at Mar-a-Lago, and it's so opulent and resort-friendly, the idea of suddenly inserting yourself into Camp David's Maryland mountains environment seems unlikely.”
– New York Times
Multiple people were injured on Wednesday in a shooting in San Francisco and the attacker has been shot, local media reported.
San Francisco police on Twitter confirmed a shooting had taken place and advised people to avoid the area.
The suspect was hospitalized in police custody, local media reported.
Victims were taken to the Priscilla Chan and Mark Zuckerberg San Francisco General Hospital, spokesman Brent Andrew said. He said he could not say how many patients were taken to the hospital or give their conditions.
It was not immediately clear if anyone had died.
The shooting occurred in the area of a United Parcel Service (UPS.N) facility, CBS San Francisco and other local media outlets reported, citing authorities. A San Francisco police representative could not immediately be reached for comment.
BERLIN (AP) — A group of city counselors in Munich say they want the southern German city's main train station to have a landing pad for flying taxis.
Five city council members from the Christian Social Union party submitted a motion Wednesday calling on rail company Deutsche Bahn to consider the space needed for flying taxis in its plans for a future redesign of the station.
In their motion, they write that "it is to be expected that within a few years technology will have advanced so far that flying taxis can be used to transport people."
The party, which has a majority across Bavaria but is in opposition in the state capital's assembly, has recently been championing the idea of flying taxis as a future means of travel.
F1's new 'Shield' concept will make its public debut earlier than expected.
Earlier, we reported that the FIA would begin testing the new head protection on F1 cars during free practice in Monza and Singapore, in September.
But it now emerges that the reportedly transparent cockpit-integrated device will actually now be tested for the first time at Silverstone, for practice ahead of July's British grand prix.
It is believed the first car to be fitted with the Shield will be the Ferrari, with other teams to follow in September.
The news follows a recent meeting between the teams and the FIA.
"There are a lot of question marks over it," admitted Force India's Andy Green. "There's a lot of work to do in the timeframe we have been given."
Red Bull's Paul Monaghan agreed: "We are going to be very tight to get this onto a car for 2018."
A few lingering rain and snow showers this morning will give way to mostly sunny skies and warm temperatures. Winds will increase through the day, with the normal wind corridors seeing strong winds and the Cody foothills seeing very strong winds. Winds will continue through Saturday with warmer temperatures. A strong front will move across the Cowboy State on Sunday bringing snow and rain once again, as well as cooler temperatures.
Detailed Forecast
Today Mostly sunny, with a high near 53. Breezy, with a west wind 11 to 16 mph increasing to 18 to 23 mph in the afternoon. Winds could gust as high as 30 mph.
Tonight Mostly clear, with a low around 35. Breezy, with a west southwest wind 16 to 21 mph decreasing to 9 to 14 mph after midnight. Winds could gust as high as 26 mph.
Saturday Sunny, with a high near 64. Breezy, with a west wind 9 to 14 mph increasing to 16 to 21 mph in the afternoon. Winds could gust as high as 31 mph.
Saturday Night Mostly clear, with a low around 35. Breezy, with a west southwest wind 12 to 17 mph decreasing to 6 to 11 mph after midnight. Winds could gust as high as 29 mph.
Sunday Mostly sunny, with a high near 52. Breezy, with a west southwest wind 6 to 15 mph becoming northwest in the afternoon. Winds could gust as high as 24 mph.
Sunday Night A chance of rain showers before 7pm, then a chance of rain and snow showers between 7pm and 10pm, then a chance of snow showers after 10pm. Mostly cloudy, with a low around 26. Northwest wind 10 to 14 mph becoming northeast in the evening. Winds could gust as high as 24 mph. Chance of precipitation is 50%.
Columbus Day A 30 percent chance of snow before noon. Partly sunny, with a high near 38. Breezy, with a northeast wind 14 to 17 mph, with gusts as high as 26 mph.
Monday Night Partly cloudy, with a low around 22.
Tuesday Mostly sunny, with a high near 47.
Tuesday Night Mostly clear, with a low around 28.
Wednesday Sunny, with a high near 53.
Wednesday Night Mostly clear, with a low around 32.
Paramilitary prisoners in Northern Ireland have not received appropriate development and resettlement services, an inspection said.
Maghaberry Prison governor David Kennedy has said full and productive days were crucial to rehabilitating inmates.
Criminal Justice Inspection Northern Ireland (CJI) published a report on Thursday on resettlement.
It said: “It remained unsatisfactory that the separated prisoners did not receive appropriate prisoner development and resettlement services, although CJI recognised that this matter was unlikely to be fully resolved in the absence of a functioning Northern Ireland Assembly and justice minister.”
Following protests in 2003, the then government commissioned a review of the conditions in the prison which concluded that separation was necessary to protect paramilitary prisoners from opposing factions, from each other and to protect ordinary prisoners from the paramilitaries.
A special regime was established in Bush and Roe Houses in Maghaberry.
Previous Criminal Justice Inspection Northern Ireland reports recommended that the Northern Ireland Prison Service (NIPS) should set specific targets for the delivery of resettlement services to the separated population.
Inspectors had been critical of the demands of the separated units as undermining the work of the whole prison.
It was previously recommended that if it was necessary to continue to manage the units differently from the rest of the prison, then their location, management and resources should be removed to prevent creating a significant adverse impact on the wider prison population.
Prisoners in the separated regime did not in general choose to avail of the process for resettlement or opt for support to reduce their risk of harm, likelihood of offending and prepare them for return to the community, the inspectorate report said.
The Stormont Agreement and Implementation Plan, A Fresh Start said the Justice Department should order an independent review of the separated regime.
It also recommended that the DoJ should ensure appropriate learning and training opportunities were provided to the prisoners in the separated regime.
The inspectorate's report said at the time of writing that work was continuing towards “implementing these (Stormont House) recommendations.”
Inspectors understood that the NIPS had plans to engage with key stakeholders for a consultation on constructive and purposeful activity in the separated prison accommodation.
The report said: “Although still at an early stage and subject to funding being confirmed, the expected outcome would be for the development and delivery of a new model of constructive and purposeful activity for separated prisoners focused upon positive educational and wellbeing outcomes.”
The watchdog said prison staff in Northern Ireland need more “help and support” if they are to make a real impact on reoffending.
That will require the “fulsome” involvement of trained, experienced probation staff working alongside prison officers, not just with the most serious offenders, chief inspector of criminal justice Brendan McGuigan added.
He said while the Northern Ireland Prison Service (NIPS) and its partner the Probation Board for Northern Ireland (PBNI) had much to be proud of, and significant progress had been made, there was still more work to do.
Mr McGuigan said: “The current delivery model for resettlement has made significant progress and this is evidenced by our individual prison inspections.
“However, it is clear from this report that prison staff need more help and support if we are to lift resettlement to the next level and make a real impact on reoffending.”
Reoffending rates for short-sentenced prisoners were substantially higher than the average, and in Northern Ireland adults serving less than 12 months had a reoffending rate of 45.8%, the Criminal Justice Inspection Northern Ireland report on prison resettlement said.
Mr McGuigan said the complex needs of the prison population demand the continuing and increased involvement of the voluntary and community sector organisations, whose work within prisons was “exceptional”.
Since 2011 a structured framework with individual prisoner focus, to identify and assess a prisoner's risks, needs and strengths, has been developed.
A Prisoner Development Plan (PDP) was developed with the prisoner to support his/her resettlement back into the community.
This defined the purpose of work, actions taken and support provided for an individual to: reduce their risk of harm; reduce their likelihood of reoffending; and prepare them for return to the community, the inspectorate report said.
It said changed working practices had reduced joint working between the prison service and probation and impacted on the operational delivery of the model, and inspectors were concerned that it was not operating as effectively as it could.
“Working practices between the NIPS and the PBNI needed to adapt to address prisoner need and increase the effectiveness of joint delivery,” the report said.
There were significant resources deployed to provide resettlement services for prisoners.
The report said: “The NIPS, PBNI and Voluntary and Community Sector staff worked hard to provide support, sometimes for very difficult prisoners, many of whom had complex and multiple needs.
“Inspectors were impressed by the attitude, knowledge and commitment of many of the prison and probation officers and VCS staff that we met during the inspection.”
There was an effective system to measure resettlement processes and activities, but measurement of the impact of these on outcomes for prisoners was less well developed.
Inspectors said programmes should be delivered on the basis of need, with suitable interventions for short-term prisoners, a streamlined process for referral and assessment, and the ability to fast-track and prioritise prolific offenders.
The report made nine recommendations.
Head of the Northern Ireland Prison Service, Ronnie Armour, said the service existed to help create a safe community where people respected the law and each other; challenging offenders and supporting them in changing by giving them the skills they needed to resettle back into the community.
He added: “There will always be more that we can and should be doing and, with that in mind, we in the Prison Service are committed to a programme of continuous improvement with services to aid resettlement at the heart of that.”
Paul Doran, director of rehabilitation at the Probation Board for Northern Ireland, said resettlement was a key element in reducing the risk of reoffending.
“In particular, we welcome the recognition that significant progress has been made following the introduction of the Prisoner Development Model.
“Work will continue to implement the recommendations in today's report with both the Probation Board, and our colleagues in the Prison Service committed to working in partnership to that end.”
Mr Armour said: “The recommendations in today's report will be integrated into our programme of continuous improvement, Prisons 2020.
“This will ensure that the services provided by the Prison Service continues to develop and evolve to meet the changing needs of those in our care in the future.”
The lawsuit alleges The Last Days of Michael Jackson illegally uses significant excerpts of his most valuable songs and music videos.
The estate of Michael Jackson is suing Disney, saying an ABC television special on the singer's last days infringed on its intellectual property.
The Associated Press obtained the lawsuit, filed on Wednesday in a Los Angeles court against the network and parent company Disney.
It alleges that last week's special, The Last Days of Michael Jackson, illegally uses significant excerpts of his most valuable songs, including Billie Jean and Bad, and music videos, including Thriller and Black or White.
It says the special also used clips from a documentary and feature film belonging to the estate.
ABC representatives did not immediately respond to a request for comment.
But when the Jackson camp raised objections last week, the network defended it as a news show that did not violate the estate's rights.
© Press Association 2018
/ Front page / News
Update: 3:42PM POLICE have confirmed that wreckage found at the Sigatoka River mouth yesterday were indeed from the boat used by a father and son who failed to return from a fishing trip on the weekend.
In a police statement this morning, Force spokesperson Ana Naisoro said pieces of the boat they were travelling in were found by a 43-year-old man.
She added the search for the duo continues.
Passion Pit unveiled a sprawling and multifaceted new song, “Somewhere Up There,” the synth pop outfit's second release in as many days.
The track opens with a sparkling synth arpeggio that builds steadily towards the bombastic under the direction of Michael Angelakos' warped and winding
This article originally appeared on www.rollingstone.com: Hear Passion Pit's Eclectic New Song ‘Somewhere Up There'
…read more
Via:: Rolling Stone
He joins as the company prepares to move to a new base in east London.
Businessman Sir Roger Carr is to become the new chair of English National Ballet's board of trustees, the company had announced.
Sir Roger, 71, is currently the chairman of aerospace company BAE Systems. He has previously held the positions of vice-chairman of the BBC Trust and president of the Confederation of British Industry.
From September, Sir Roger will work alongside executive director Patrick Harrison and artistic director Tamara Rojo.
The company is currently preparing to move from Markova House in Kensington, west London, to its new base at the London City Island complex in Canning Town, east London.
Sir Roger Carr will begin his new role with English National Ballet in September (Victoria Jones/PA)
Sir Roger said: “I am delighted to become chair of English National Ballet at this exciting time in its development and look forward to working closely with its excellent management team and outstanding artistic director.
“It is a role that I consider to be both a privilege and a pleasure.”
He will replace Justin Bickle, who is stepping aside to focus on his Dublin-based role as chief executive of homebuilding company Glenveagh Properties.
English National Ballet thanked Bickle for his contribution. He will keep his ties with the company as a member of the group overseeing the move to east London.
On Sir Roger's appointment, Harrison said: “We are very pleased that Sir Roger will be joining the company as our new chair, and we look forward to working with him as we start this new chapter in the company's history and embark on our transformational move.
“We will work closely with Sir Roger to continue to be at the forefront of excellence, by pushing the boundaries and possibilities of our art form, and presenting world-class ballet to audiences up and down the country and around the world.”
Englsih National Ballet was founded in 1950 by dancers Sir Anton Dolin and Dame Alicia Markova. It is one of the UK's four major ballet companies, along with The Royal Ballet, Birmingham Royal Ballet and Scottish Ballet.
There is an associate school called the English National Ballet School, which is independent from the company.
© Press Association 2018
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
It is easy to fall victim to a scam, especially when you are surfing the web looking for a bargain.
Now bogus online scammers are getting more and more sophisticated and their fraudulent activities are becoming more difficult to spot.
Here is a list of the latest scams to look out for, including warnings from Action Fraud:
Anthony Joshua fight tickets
Action Fraud is warning the public not to purchase tickets for the Anthony Joshua and Joseph Parker Heavyweight World title boxing match from some bogus websites.
Tickets for the blockbuster Heavyweight World title boxing match between Anthony Joshua and Joseph Parker went on sale officially a week ago ahead of the event live on Sky Sports Box Office on March 31.
Tickets for the event are priced at £40, £60, £80, £100, £150, £200, £300 and £600 – with VIP tickets priced at £2,000.
(Image: Richard Heathcote/Getty Images)
Tickets are on sale for the fight by the official ticketing partner Stub Hub - and not any other site. Some sites were selling tickets in advance and are bogus.
The Stub Hub website tells you everything you need to know about the fight taking place at Cardiff's Principality Stadium and is the one to be trusted.
Last year Action Fraud launched a campaign which showed that more than 21,000 people reported falling victim to ticket fraud in the previous three years with a total loss of £17 million.
DVLA phishing scam
Motorists are being urged not to click the link on a bogus DVLA text message.
The 'tax disc' car tax scam was reported by several Twitter users and they posted the offending text, reports The Sun.
The message said: "FINAL REQUEST: DVLA Swansea have been trying to contact you, Click below for more information."
The link then uses the "dvla.gov.uk" domain in the web address - but eagle-eyed drivers will also notice the ".pw" extension.
This is the country code for Palau which gives away the fact the text is a "phishing" scam - and not from the DVLA's Swansea HQ.
Phishing scams use mock official-looking website that ask you to enter data like bank details and addresses before stealing it.
The "final request" and mention of "car tax disc" in the web address hints that users may owe money on their car - despite the tax disc being abolished in 2014.
The DVLA said: "We are aware of a text/email scam, which wrongly claims to have been sent by DVLA, asking drivers to verify their driving licence and vehicle tax details via an online link and are currently investigating. Please delete it without clicking on any links."
Financial Ombudsman Service scam
Action Fraud is warning people to watch out for fraudsters claiming to be from the Financial Ombudsman Service.
Fraudsters claiming to be from the Ombudsman are cold-calling victims and telling them they have a cheque for a large amount of money from a compensation claim.
The victim is then told to buy an iTunes (or similar voucher) roughly to the value of £300 to ‘release' the compensation.
They then claim that a courier will collect it from their home address and that a cheque will be sent to them in the post.
The service, which deals with complaints from consumers about the financial services industry, is a free service for the public and it would never cold call households to ask for a fee in order to claim reimbursement.
If you think a call claiming to be from the Ombudsman is suspicious you can call the body directly on 0300 123 9123.
Sainsbury's phishing email
Fraudsters are sending out fake Sainsbury's gift vouchers via email, with 15 reports received from members of the public.
The email claims that the intended victim was overcharged on a recent visit to the supermarket and offers the gift card as compensation.
However, when users click the link to get to the promised gift vouchers, they are led to a website that could potentially defraud them.
Reports to Action Fraud have said the emails look genuine by using the victim's first name. They're signed by Mia Chadwick of Customer Services.
How to spot a scam The UK lost £2 million a day last year as a result of fraud, according to official Financial Fraud Action UK figures. To help people protect themselves, here are top tips from Action Fraud, Get Safe, NordVPN and Norton Antivirus to keep you safe, reports the Mirror: Suspicious text messages Be wary and be vigilant: You should be suspicious of clicking any link in a text that asks you to 'verify' or update your account details.
Use a contact number you trust: If you're suspicious of a text message asking you to get in touch with your bank, only call a number that you know is genuine (such as the one on the back of your card).
Know what your bank would never ask: Remember that a genuine text or call from your bank will never ask you to transfer money from your own account to a new one for ‘fraud reasons', or ask you for your four digit pin. Cold calls Don't assume anyone who has called your phone or left you a voicemail message is who they say they are.
If a phone call or voicemail offers you a deal, asks you to make a payment or log-in to an online account, be cautious.
If you call back, try to use a different line as some scammers keep the line open on their side to trick you.
If in doubt, check it's genuine by asking the company it claims to be yourself. Never call numbers or follow links provided in suspicious emails; find the official website or customer support number using a separate browser. Emails to be wary of Spelling mistakes are a common tell-tale sign of a fraudulent email.
Be aware of any emails and pop-up windows asking you to click on a link or provide personal information directly in response.
A genuine email will only ever address you by your full name at the beginning – anything that starts ‘Dear customer' should immediately raise your suspicions.
Do not reply, click on links or open any attachments that arrive with the email. Social media scams Be skeptical. Just because you see it on your feed doesn't necessarily mean it is true. Someone may have fallen for it already.
Always check the link before clicking. You can do that by either hovering over the link or looking directly below the link itself on the Facebook post, which shows the referring website's URL.
Be very suspicious when there is a call to action before being able to view the content. Actions such as having to share the media before viewing or take a survey are all huge red flags. Dodgy websites Get protected: Before you start shopping online, secure your device with anti-virus software or a firewall. This will help block out pop-ups and hackers.
Check the URL: Only use secure websites for purchases, never buy anything from a site that does not have ‘https' at the start of the URL and also look for the icon of a locked padlock at the bottom of the screen.
Is the deal too good to be true? Don't be seduced by “bargains” from companies which you don't know, if something appears too good to be true, it probably is.
Only shop with companies you know and trust: Watch out for fake websites. You can tell by checking the URL of the website, it may have a different spelling or a different domain name that ends in .net or .org.
Shop from home: Using public WiFi hotspots such as those offered by coffee shops and libraries could leave you vulnerable. If it doesn't wait until you get home use your own 3G/4G network. Investment scams Reject unsolicited contact about investments.
Before investing, check the FCA Register to see if the firm or individual you are dealing with is authorised and check the FCA Warning List of firms to avoid.
Get impartial advice before investing.
Fraudulent emails that pose as a high-street name usual have poor-quality spelling, grammar, graphic design or image quality. They may use odd ‘spe11lings' or ‘cApiTals' in the email subject to fool your spam filter.
When a fraudulent email such as this asks you to follow a link, the website or email address usually doesn't look right. Authentic website addresses are usually short and don't use irrelevant words or phrases.
If you receive an email offering Sainsbury's gift vouchers:
The party's over, you are looking down the barrel of the hangover from Hades and you've got skin to match. We've all been there. No need to stress. It's all about getting as much moisture as you can back into your skin– from inside and out.
After a big glass of warm water with a slice of lemon in it to kick-start your liver, clean your face. Do it gently with an oil cleanser or balm followed by warm water and a face cloth. Even if you normally avoid oil cleansers I would consider using them today, as your skin needs all the hydration it can get.
Remove your eye makeup with a cotton pad soaked in oil-free eye makeup remover. For bonus de-puffing points, put the cotton pad soaked with eye makeup remover in the fridge before using. Take your time and don't pull at the delicate skin around your eyes.
Glowing again
Now drink a pint of water and go easy on (or cut out) tea and coffee as they can cause further dehydration. Before you turn on Netflix for a few hours, apply a hydrating sheet mask such as Estée Lauder's Advanced Night Repair PowerFoil or Wei Gingko Leaf Repairing Treatment Pads.
After the sheet mask apply a hyaluronic acid product, followed by a soothing moisturiser. The hyaluronic acid will help your skin absorb the moisturiser and keep it there; plumping the surface.
Once everything has soaked in, it's time for the makeup. First apply an illuminating primer to give a glowy, smooth surface for makeup. Apply undereye concealer before foundation: a yellow shade will cancel blue tinges. Try mixing your foundation with some moisturiser to help it stop caking or sitting in any fine lines. Less is more.
Lash on the mascara to open up the eyes and apply blush to put some colour in your cheeks. And you're done. Okay, well maybe ONE cup of coffee won't hurt.
Santa Barbara City Council candidates outlined their priorities at a League of Women Voters forum Saturday, with most saying that municipal government needs to push for clean, safe streets.
Incumbents Dale Francisco, Randy Rowse and Michael Self are all running for re-election and joined the seven challengers at the Santa Barbara Central Library's Faulkner Gallery to talk about city finances, public safety, housing and maintaining the city's “uniqueness.”
The city's environmental, cultural and historical resources should all be maintained, but most of all, city government should work at a communicative relationship between itself and community groups, most candidates said at the forum.
Cruzito Cruz pushed for district-based elections, so every community of interest would have its own representative in City Hall.
When the city budget came up, candidates agreed that responsible spending is a must, and most pledged to ensure higher tax revenues by encouraging local businesses and tourism.
All 10 candidates reiterated their commitment to public safety — notably the police and fire departments — and making both locals and visitors feel comfortable when walking downtown or anywhere else in the city.
Almost all of the candidates said police and fire would be their No. 1 priorities, while others looked at public safety as a more comprehensive effort.
Street lighting, community involvement and attention to social needs are all parts of making the streets safer, they said. Community policing and citizen involvement are something many of the candidates have already been involved in, including Milpas Community Association co-founders Sebastian Aldana Jr. and Sharon Byrne.
Jerry Matteo was the only one who said the police and fire departments' budgets need to be pared back; when financial times are tough, cuts should be examined at the biggest wedge of the pie, he said.
On discussing development incentives for rental housing, candidate answers were split.
As candidate Cathy Murillo said, about 60 percent of residents are renters and thousands more commute in to Santa Barbara every day. A good public transportation system is essential, too, said Murillo, a local journalist.
Former Councilwoman Iya Falcone, trying to win back a seat, said the city is at risk of losing working families if there isn't more affordable housing available.
Specifically, Cruz said, affordable housing must be built equitably and reasonably, not in a way that creates more social service needs. He suggested a redevelopment agency of sorts to focus on the Eastside and Westside neighborhoods.
In the discussion of affordable housing, the availability of jobs is a factor to be considered, Rowse added. With a focus on creating career jobs, the jobs-housing imbalance has a better chance of leveling out, he said.
On the other side, Byrne said families realistically want houses with yards, not small apartments or condominiums with price tags of a half-million dollar.
Many others said the city is already built out and the high price of land makes it unrealistic to construct much new housing. With little available land, any new building should be strategic, said Deborah Schwartz, who currently serves as a planning commissioner.
Banning plastic bags in grocery stores is an idea taken up all over California, but many of the candidates were wary about pursuing a local ordinance. Most pressure for these ordinances comes from worries about pollution or landfill capacity, but Francisco said plastic grocery bags aren't the only source of water pollution.
Before making any decisions, Aldana said, he would talk to store owners, who are the ones actually paying to provide the bags.
Some cities that pursued bans were sued, and the city should never knowingly pursue something it could be sued for, Self said. Educational efforts like Where's Your Bag?, which focus on voluntarily changing behavior are more effective, she added.
The vote-by-mail election is Nov. 8.
The Santa Barbara Channels will broadcast Saturday's forum. Click here for more information.
Upcoming Election Forums
» Upper East Association Forum; 7 p.m. Tuesday; The Old Mission Renewal Center Friar's Lounge, 2201 Laguna St.
Rather than a Q&A panel, the Upper East Association will have candidates individually meet Upper Eastside residents. A short formal presentation will take place between 7:30 and 8 p.m. for candidates to answer pre-submitted questions of concern to Upper Eastside residents.
» Greater Santa Barbara Lodging & Restaurant Association Candidate Forum; 11:30 a.m. to 2 p.m. Wednesday; Fess Parker's DoubleTree Resort, 633 E. Cabrillo Blvd.
The Greater Santa Barbara Lodging & Restaurant Association and the Santa Barbara Region Chamber of Commerce host the joint Santa Barbara City Council Forum and Luncheon.
» Arts Collaborative Forum; 7 p.m. Thursday; The Marjorie Luke Theatre at Santa Barbara Junior High School, 721 E. Cota St.
The Santa Barbara Arts Collaborative is focused on economic sustainability and creating collaboration among artists and arts organizations. The forum will hear each candidate's views on the best ways to preserve and enhance Santa Barbara's unique artistic culture.
» Mesa Neighborhood Forum; 3 p.m. Saturday; Holy Cross Catholic Church Parish, 1740 Cliff Drive
The Mesa Neighborhood Candidates' Forum includes a Q&A portion.
» Santa Barbara Conservancy and Santa Barbara View Forum; 7 p.m. Oct. 5, Santa Barbara Central Library's Faulkner Gallery, 40 E. Anapamu St.
The council candidate forum is presented by the Santa Barbara Conservancy and the Santa Barbara View. After opening statements, a series of questions will be asked relating to the preservation of Santa Barbara's historic architectural resources, neighborhoods.
» Valle Verde Candidate Forum; 6:30 p.m. Oct. 6; Valle Verde Theater at Valle Verde Retirement Community, 900 Calle De Los Amigos
Candidates will have an opportunity to state their platforms, especially regarding senior issues, to residents of Valle Verde.
» Local Issues Candidate Forum; 6:30 p.m. Oct. 10; La Casa de la Raza, 601 E. Montecito St.
The Local Issues Forum is a nonpartisan, town hall-style event that will provide a unique opportunity for City Council candidates to discuss a wide variety of community concerns with the leaders of prominent local organizations and the voting public. The event is co-sponsored by the Environmental Defense Center, Transition House, La Casa De La Raza, Casa Esperanza Homeless Center, Pacific Pride Foundation and the Boys & Girls Club of Santa Barbara.
» The Youth Council and Future Leaders of America Youth's Candidates Forum; 6 p.m. Oct. 17; Louise Lowry Davis Center, 1232 De la Vina St.
The forum will focus on youth issues, providing candidates an opportunity to share their ideas and views on those issues.
— Noozhawk staff writer Giana Magnoli can be reached at .(JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address) . Follow Noozhawk on Twitter: @noozhawk, @NoozhawkNews and @NoozhawkBiz. Connect with Noozhawk on Facebook.
A former middle school teacher from Ohio who was found guilty of having sex with her 14-year-old student was sentenced today to one year in prison and five years of probation.
Montgomery County Common Pleas Judge Timothy O'Connell sentenced Jessica Langford for each of the three convictions for sexual battery. They had intercourse inside a locked classroom at Miamisburg Middle school.
Langford, 32-year-old a married mother-of-one from Centerville, had taught math at the school for nine years, until she resigned her position in late May after allegations of sexual misconduct had come to light.
Jessica Langford, found guilty of having sex with her 14-year-old student, was sentenced today to one year in prison and five years of probation. Photo / Montgomery County Jail
In court she told the judge: "There isn't a day goes by that I don't wish I could do things differently. I know I am fully responsible."
Advertisement
"She was entrusted with the care of the children and students and threw it away for her own sexual gratification," the victim's father said, who asked for the maximum sentence, which would be 15 years behind bars.
He said his son has had to endure the stress and horror of a trial and is being treated differently by his coaches, other teachers and classmates.
"He feels embarrassed and alone. He's bullied constantly at school and feels helpless and alone," his father said.
Jurors reached the verdict April 13 after five hours of deliberation spread over two days. Langford was convicted of all six counts of sexual battery and unlawful sexual conduct with a minor.
Montgomery County Common Pleas Judge Timothy O'Connell sentenced Jessica Langford today to one year in prison and five years of probation. Photos / Facebook
The victim, now age 15, recounted for the court how their sexual encounter unfolded on the last day of school in May 2017 inside a locked classroom at Miamisburg Middle school.
"We started kissing, she went in for a kiss and it escalated from there,' the teenager told the jury, according to a WHIO report.
According to the boy, he and Langford went on to engage in multiple sex acts, including intercourse and oral sex, for 20-30 minutes until the school principal knocked on the door of the locked classroom.
Langford, 32-year-old a married mother-of-one from Centerville, had taught math at Miamisburg Middle School for nine years, until she resigned her position in late May. Photo / WHIO
Langford allegedly told the minor to hide under a table and left with the principal. She later came back and allegedly told the boy to "stick to the story" that he was in the room stacking desks.
"It felt uncomfortable ... I thought it was wrong," the boy said of the classroom tryst.
Earlier in his testimony, the boy said he and Langford connected on Snapchat. When the teacher asked him why he reached out to her on the app, he said he replied that he wanted to have sex.
Jurors reached the verdict on April 13 after five hours of deliberation spread over two days. Photo / Facebook
The defence questioned the student's credibility, pointing to the fact that he had repeatedly denied having sex with the teacher last spring.
The now-15-year-old boy explained that he initially lied about his relationship with Langford for fear that his teenage girlfriend would break up with him for cheating on her.
By Abby Hassler
Evanescence's new album Synthesis will contain re-imaginings of the group's iconic catalog as well as two new tracks. The band is currently in the studio finishing the project with producer Will Hunt and orchestra arranger and composer David Campbell.
Related: Amy Lee on Her New Children's Album
Evanescence will support the new release with a fall tour featuring a full orchestra.
“I've always wanted to shine a light on some of the gorgeous David Campbell arrangements and programming elements in our songs, and that idea snowballed into completely re-doing them with full orchestra, not just strings, elaborate programming and experimentation,” Lee explained. “This will be our first time touring with an orchestra and I'm so excited to perform this way-really focus on the vocals, and the emotion and the story we've built over the years.”
“I'm also really excited about the new material on the album,” she continued. “Besides the two new songs, there are some really beautiful instrumental in-between moments. The whole thing flows like a big, dynamic soundtrack.”
Check out the complete tour dates below.
10/14 – Las Vegas, NV @ The Pearl Concert Theater
10/15 – Los Angeles, CA @ Greek Theatre
10/17 – Phoenix, AZ @ Comerica Theatre
10/20 – Houston, TX @ Revention Music Center
10/22 – Irving, TX @ The Pavilion at Irving Music Factory
10/23 – New Orleans, LA @ Mahalia Jackson Theater
10/25 – Nashville, TN @ Ryman Auditorium
10/27 – Atlanta, GA @ Chastain Park Amphitheatre
10/28 – Charlotte, NC @ Ovens Auditorium
10/30 – Pittsburgh, PA @ Heinz Hall for the Performing Arts
10/31 – Oxon Hill, MD @ MGM National Harbor
11/2 – Upper Darby, PA @ Tower Theater
11/3 – Mashantucket, CT @ Foxwoods Resort Casino – Grand Theater
11/5 – Boston, MA @ Orpheum Theatre – Boston
11/7 – Bethlehem, PA @ Sands Bethlehem Event Center
11/8 – Baltimore, MD @ Hippodrome Theatre
11/10 – Brooklyn, NY @ Kings Theatre
11/30 – Chicago, IL @ Chicago Theatre
12/2 – Carmel, IN @ The Palladium
12/5 – Minneapolis, MN @ State Theatre
12/6 – Madison, WI @ Orpheum Theatre
12/8 – Toronto, ON Canada @ Sony Centre for Performing Arts
12/9 – Windsor, ON Canada @ Caesar's Windsor
12/11 – Kansas City, MO @ Kansas City Music Hall
12/13 – Denver, CO @ Paramount Theatre
12/15- Reno, NV @ Grand Theatre at The Grand Sierra Resort
12/16 – San Francisco, CA @ Masonic Auditorium
12/19 – Portland, OR @ Arlene Schnitzer Concert Hall
Never miss a tour date from Evanescence with Eventful.
MANILA, Philippines (AP) — Philippine government forces have foiled an attempt by a few dozen Muslim militants aligned with the Islamic State group to attack a small southern town in fighting that left four gunmen dead, an army official said Wednesday.
Army Lt. Col. Harold Cabunoc said troops clashed with 30-40 militants Tuesday and drove them away from the small farming community of Mopac where they planned to launch an attack on the town center of Datu Paglas about a half kilometer (quarter mile) away.
The militants from the Bangsamoro Islamic Freedom Fighters led by Solaiman Tudon occupied several abandoned houses in Mopac, where he used to live, over the weekend but his family and other villagers asked the gunmen to leave.
"They took sniper positions and placed some bombs in the community and that alarmed the villagers," Cabunoc said.
Advertisement
Troops backed by artillery fire later arrived and clashed with the militants, who fled and were being pursued by government forces, Cabunoc said, adding that villagers started returning to their homes in Mopac on Wednesday.
Tudon's group is one of several small armed militant factions that have expressed support to the Islamic State group.
Clashes have erupted this week in a number of rural villages in Maguindanao province, where Datu Paglas is located, as troops pressed sporadic offensives to prevent a repeat of last year's siege of southern Marawi city by hundreds of Islamic State group-aligned militants. The five-month fighting in Marawi left more than 1,000 combatants and civilians dead and displaced hundreds of thousands of villagers.
‘We are all going to live longer, so why not invest in it?'­ seems to be the premise of Jim Mellon and Al Chalabi's new book, Juvenescence – Investing in the Age of Longevity. Mellon and Chalabi forecast that within the next 20 years, the average life expectancy in the developed world will rise to between 110 and 120.
As Mellon explains: ‘The increase in life expectancy is due to environmental factors, the rise of universal medical treatment, antibiotics, improved diet. The next step [in science] is going to change the fundamental biology of the human being, by genetic editing, stem cells, pharmaceutical intervention, as well as tissue regeneration.'
Hooray, you might say, but it raises the ethical question: Do we want to live longer? After all, by living longer in the UK, the older generation would be putting more strain on the already over-stretched National Health Service (though who knows – it might not exist in 20 years' time) and the UK state pension. Between October 2018 and October 2020, both men and women's state pension age will increase to 66. And between 2026 and 2028, it will rise again to 67.
In their book, Mellon and Chalabi discusses all sorts of questions, from whether ageing is actually a disease, to whether it can be slowed, reversed or eliminated. In this extract the authors discuss organ replacement:
Progress in organ replacement is now taking several forms:
Cryopreservation of organs to allow for a longer time between harvesting and implantation; Improved immune suppression, allowing less specific organ matches to be successfully made; Organs grown in animals, probably in pigs, to be harvested for human use, and without adverse immune reactions. Organs grown from stem cells; Bioprinting of tissues and organs using 3D techniques
So how can an investor be part of investing in longevity? Mellon and Chalabi give examples of three types of portfolio you can hold depending on the level of risk you would like to take: Conservative, Moderate or Speculative. All three portfolios comprise of global companies which are transforming and disrupting the diseases of ageing.
The co-authors say in the book: ‘From immunotherapies, to “repurposed old drugs”, to gene therapies, to stem cells, to mitochondrial uncouplers, to mTOR pathway inhibitors, to NAD precursors, to resveratrol and more.'
Companies mentioned in the Conservative portfolio are: Amgen Inc; Oxford Biomedica plc – a spin out of the University of Oxford, whose pipeline includes treatments for Parkinson's Disease, cancer, and retinopathy, and Juno Therapeutics Inc, a US-listed immune-oncology company focused primarily on advanced blood cancers.
Mellon says: ‘We [Al Chalabi] did a similar thing in our previous book “Cracking The Code”, and many of those portfolios now have doubled in value.'
Mellon also believes that in the next two to three years, there will be great advances in Artificial Intelligence (AI) with some companies like Novartis AG investing in this area.
‘I am fundamentally optimistic that people can live longer and have a healthy life span (or healthspan), but the policymakers have to do more to address fundamental changes [associated with a global ageing population],' he says.
The Office of National Statistics (ONS) predicts that by 2035, there will be around 58,000 people living in the UK over the age of 100 – a quadrupling from today's figure.
By 2030, the number of people in the world aged 60 years or over is projected to grow by 56% to 1.4 billion, rising further to over 2 billion by 2050. The number of people aged 80 or over will also grow, reaching 434 million by 2050, in contrast to approximately 125 million today.
Jim Mellon and Al Chalabi are donating the proceeds of this book to longevity charities ‘in order to help science get off the ground'.
Hideki Matsuyama's hopes of recording a hat-trick of victories in the Waste Management Phoenix Open have been ended by a wrist injury.
The Japanese star, who beat Rickie Fowler in a play-off two years ago before seeing off Webb Simpson in extra holes 12 months later to defend his crown, withdrew ahead of the second round at TPC Scottsdale.
Matsuyama had been well in contention following an opening 69 over the Stadium Course.
The PGA Tour announced on Twitter: “There will be no three-peat this year. Matsuyama has withdrawn from @WMPhoenixOpen with a left wrist injury.”
There will be no three-peat this year. Matsuyama has withdrawn from @WMPhoenixOpen with a left wrist injury.https://t.co/V3eLTMsWqJ — PGA TOUR (@PGATOUR) February 2, 2018
– PA
Share it:
Don't Miss
BOSTON (AP) — Students who survived last month's shooting at a Florida high school that left 17 people dead are set to participate in a panel discussion at Harvard about guns.
The event Tuesday evening at Harvard Kennedy School's Institute of Politics will feature six students from Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School in Parkland.
The students have become vocal advocates for stricter gun laws.
They say they're expecting more than 1 million people to participate in marches on Saturday in Washington and in other parts of the country calling for tougher firearms regulations.
Advertisement
They've already helped lead rallies and lobbied lawmakers in Washington and Florida.
Tuesday's event will be streamed live on the institute's website .
PARIS (AP) — The Latest on the climate summit taking place in Paris (all times local):
9:55 a.m.
Top world officials have opened a climate summit in Paris by saying investors and the entire global financial system need to shift faster toward energy and businesses that don't worsen climate change.
The prime minister of the island nation of Fiji said "we are all in the same canoe," rich countries and poor. Opening the summit, Frank Bainimarama said "financial pledges need to flow faster through more streamlined systems and make a difference on the ground."
Advertisement
Japan's Foreign Minister Taro Kono described ways Japan is investing in climate monitoring technology and hydrogen energy, but acknowledged "we have to do more and better."
French Foreign Minister Jean-Yves Le Drian said Tuesday's summit is aimed at making efforts to cut emissions more "credible."
The summit, co-hosted by the U.N., World Bank and French President Emmanuel Macron, is being held on the second anniversary of the Paris climate accord, ratified by 170 countries.
___
9:50 a.m.
Activists pretending to represent a massive wave of oil are holding a protest in Paris at the start of an international climate summit.
A few hundred protesters demonstrated Monday in front of the domed Pantheon monument on Paris' Left Bank as hundreds of world leaders, financiers and others gathered across town for the summit. The protesters unfurled a massive sheet and carried a huge banner reading "Not one more euro for energies of the past."
CEOs of banks and energy companies are joining more than 50 heads of state at the summit, which is aimed in part at speeding up investment in energy that doesn't damage the climate.
French President Emmanuel Macron hosted leading world philanthropists Tuesday morning to encourage more climate-related investment.
___
8:15 a.m.
More than 50 world leaders are gathering in Paris for a summit that President Emmanuel Macron hopes will give new momentum to the fight against global warming, despite U.S. President Donald Trump's rejection of the Paris climate accord.
Some 3,100 security personnel are fanned out around Paris for Tuesday's event, including extra patrol boats along the Seine River. Macron will accompany the visiting leaders to the summit site on a river island by boat.
Sean Penn, Arnold Schwarzenegger and Elon Musk are among prominent figures joining the world leaders at the summit, which marks the second anniversary of the Paris accord.
Participants are expected to announce billions of dollars' worth of projects to help poor countries and industries reduce emissions.
Macron, who's also using the event to raise his international profile, did not invite Trump.
Scarlett Johansson has revealed she doesn't think it's 'natural' to be monogamous.
The Ghost in the Shell star, 32, shared her thoughts on marriage amid reports she has split from her second husband Romain Dauriac, with whom she has a two-year-old daughter Rose.
Daily Mail says she told the new issue of Playboy: 'I think the idea of marriage is very romantic; it's a beautiful idea, and the practice of it can be a very beautiful thing. I don't think it's natural to be a monogamous person.
Scarlett Johansson talks monogamy, women's march & 'Ghost in the Shell'. See more of the March/April issue by clicking the link in our bio. A post shared by Playboy (@playboy) on Feb 14, 2017 at 4:26pm PST
'I might be skewered for that, but I think it's work. It's a lot of work. And the fact that it is such work for so many people-for everyone-the fact of that proves that it is not a natural thing.
'It's something I have a lot of respect for and have participated in, but I think it definitely goes against some instinct to look beyond.'
Scarlett and Romain, a French journalist, have been living apart since last summer, according to People magazine.
Continued below.
Related Content Unlikely Valentine: Hollywood's most bizarre celebrity couples Scarlett Johansson steps out after break-up, talks whitewashing Married At First Sight: This mother-in-law is out of control
However, they are still on friendly terms and have been pictured spending time together.
The pair first stared dating in October 2012 and married in 2014.
Scarlett was previously married to Deadpool star Ryan Reynolds from 2008 to 2010.
Reynolds is now married to Blake Lively and the pair have two children.
Playboy's March/April 2017 issue will be on newsstands February 28, 2017.
- Daily Mail
COPENHAGEN, Denmark (AP) — Fire authorities in Denmark have banned the use of open fires across the country because of dry forests and grass as Scandinavia sees an unusual long stretch of very warm weather.
The ban, which entered into force Wednesday, came after weeks with little rain. Denmark's Meteorological Institute has said this year saw the warmest June in 26 years. Institute spokesman Mikael Scharling said no precipitation was in sight.
The institute recorded an average of 15 degrees Celcius (59 F) for May, breaking a previous record of 13.8 C (56.8 F) for May from 1889.
Similar fire risk warnings have been made in southern parts of Sweden and Norway.
/ Front page / News
Update: 2:58PM MOTORISTS planning to use the Vatuwaqa - Fletcher Bailey Bridge from Saturday and Sunday are advised to take alternative routes as the bridge will be closed for construction works.
"Heavy vehicles including buses can no longer travel over the Fletcher bailey bridge from Monday 19 June. This is because the new concrete foundations need to cure. There is a very high risk that vibrations from heavy vehicles will cause damage to the new foundations and bridge abutments," Mr Hutchinson said.
"The contractor is restricted on space and needs room to continue construction work. The FRA team after reviewing the designs and plans with the contractor have made the decision to let them proceed."
The maintenance work will involve the completion of the bridge foundation work for the new bridge.
- Above is a look back at WWE's Super Bowl ad from 1998 featuring The Rock, The Undertaker, Vince McMahon, and "Stone Cold" Steve Austin. The footage gives a behind the scenes look at how it was all put together.
- WWE's latest poll asked fans: "Who do you want to see Ronda Rousey fight first in WWE?" As of this writing, the top five picks are Charlotte (32 percent), Asuka (28 percent), "Other" (10 percent), Nia Jax (7 percent), and Alexa Bliss (6 percent). The other women on the list are: Ember Moon, Nikki Bella, Becky Lynch, Bayley, and Sasha Banks.
See Also WWE WrestleMania 34 Rumored Card
- Earlier today, The Rock posted a movie poster for his upcoming film, Skyscraper on his Instagram. A teaser will be shown of the movie during the Super Bowl on Sunday and Rock will then launch the full movie trailer when he appears on a live episode of The Tonight Show with Jimmy Fallon after the Super Bowl.
The market research highlights fundamental frameworks on Global Behcet Disease Drug Market gives the exhaustive affiliation between past and current market trends to predict future market values and tendencies of the market. The report is a well-defined and in-depth research of market along with the market status, growth rate, and trends. The market report comprises historical, current, and projected revenues for each sector, segment, end-user segment, and region. The key manufactures/business entities covered in the report AbbVie Inc, Celgene Corp, Cell Medica Ltd, Coherus BioSciences Inc, Genor BioPharma Co Ltd, Novartis AG, Panacea Biotec Ltd, R Pharm.
The report begins with introducing the global Behcet Disease Drug market and segmentation analysis such as depend on the most significant dynamics containing drivers of the market, constraints, risks, opportunities, current trending factors, PEST and PROTER'S Five Forces survey, applications, topographical region markets, and competitive landscape. Macroeconomic and microeconomic features that currently overcome and also those that are witnessed to appear are involved in Behcet Disease Drug report. The research analysts working on the report have strongly analyzed expected changes in policy, industry news and expansions, and opportunities and trends – this information can be utilized by companies to extend their market existence.
Request for Sample Report @ https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-behcet-disease-drug-market/5888/#requestforsample
The report is actually made up of a combination of the important and the pertinent info of the worldwide market, for instance, key things responsible for the variation of demand with its services and products. The report states pioneering new developments and technological advancement, which empower our customers to structure they are long-term primarily based on innovative developments; settle on informative businesses options and also to perform the necessary fundamentals. The report provides the main region, market conditions with the product price, profit, capacity, production, supply, demand, and market growth rate and forecast etc. This report also Present new project SWOT analysis, investment feasibility analysis, and investment return analysis.
Geographically, this report is portioned into a few key Regions, with generation, utilization, income (million USD), piece of the pie and development rate in these areas, from 2018 to 2025 (gauge), covering United States, China, Europe, Japan, Southeast Asia, India and Rest of World.
Behcet Disease Drug Market Analysis by Product Type Segmentation: Adalimumab Biosimilar, Apremilast, Canakinumab, Infliximab Biosimilar, Others.
Behcet Disease Drug Market Analysis by Application Segmentation: Home Care, Hospital, Clinic.
Key points in the Behcet Disease Drug Market Report:
1) To gain insightful analyses of the Market and have a comprehensive understanding of the global market and its commercial landscape
2) Assess the production processes, major issues, and solutions.
3) Market strategies that are being adopted by leading respective organizations
4) The report gives specific analysis for rapidly changing dynamics of Industry.
5) To understand the future outlook and prospects for the market with Marketing & Price (Price and Margin, Factors of Price Change, Manufacturers Gross Margin Analysis).
Inquiry for Buying Report @ https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-behcet-disease-drug-market/5888/#inquiry
From all of this Behcet Disease Drug market information, the report serves guidance and strategies to the following Behcet Disease Drug market players: New players, stakeholders, marketing unit, administrative authorities and Behcet Disease Drug distributors/manufacturers. The market research analysis has been structured using vital data from industry expertize. Further, the comprehensive primary and secondary research information with which the report has been prepared helps provide the key statistic forecasts data, in both terms revenue and volume. In addition to this, the analysis of the latest trends and current revenue of the region-wise market in comparison to the market has been included in this report. This will provide a clear view of the readers that how the market will progress globally over the forecast period 2018-2023.
About Us
Index Markets Research conduct market research and publish reports. You can find more than 35,000 research reports in our web store, which covers global industry and the regional markets. All the worldwide marketing data you need is at your fingertips.
Contact Us
Mark Irwin
Sales Manager
Email Id: sales@indexmarketsresearch.com
Phone: +1 202 888 3519
Web: https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/
OXON HILL, Md. (AP) — For 15 years, the Rev. Brian Sietsema sat quietly next to Scripps National Spelling Bee pronouncer Jacques Bailly, just in case the indefatigable Bailly was somehow unable to fulfill his duties.
Bailly never missed a word.
But this year, the bee nearly doubled in size thanks to a new wild-card program, and Bailly knew he could wreck his voice if he didn't take some breaks over three full days of spelling.
"I could run myself into the ground doing this, because I just love doing it," Bailly said. "I don't really want to take a break, but ... I've got to do some pacing."
Advertisement
That meant Sietsema, the bee's longtime associate pronouncer, handled Bailly's duties Wednesday for two of the five groups of spellers — about 180 kids total.
"It was very exciting," Sietsema said. "It was a thrill."
Sietsema, a Greek Orthodox priest from Lansing, Michigan, cuts a striking figure among bee officials with his dark suit and white collar. Despite his religious vocation, he has a resume that suits the bee. A former linguistics professor, he worked for years as the pronunciation editor for Merriam-Webster.
Like Bailly, a classics professor and a former Scripps bee champion, Sietsema derives tremendous satisfaction from working with young spellers.
"It's wonderful to be part of a program that rewards young people who focus on scholastic and educational endeavors," Sietsema said. "To see their enthusiasm about literacy, about linguistics, just feeds my soul in a way that I can't quite describe."
More than 500 spellers tested their skill in front of Bailly and Sietsema over two days of preliminary rounds, and nearly 200 misspelled words onstage. The 41 semifinalists were determined by results of a written spelling and vocabulary test.
One of the top scorers was 12-year-old Shruthika Padhy of Cherry Hill, New Jersey, who finished seventh in last year's bee and is considered one of the favorites this year. But even she got a few answers wrong.
"We thought it was an easy test," bee director Paige Kimble said. "We were wrong."
Here are some other stories from spellers at this year's bee:
STRETCHED THIN
Some spellers devote years to studying the dictionary, word roots and language patterns. Then there's Rebekah Zeigler.
The 13-year-old from Polo, Illinois, is certainly an accomplished speller. She's competing for the fourth time, although she's never made the finals.
That may be because she also competes in tumbling, volleyball, soccer, softball, basketball, cheerleading and track and field. Next month she'll be at the U.S. Trampoline and Tumbling Association national championships.
"I don't have a lot of free time," Rebekah said.
Rebekah got some of the loudest cheers in the preliminary rounds, mostly from a crew of fellow veteran spellers.
Rebekah had never gotten past the second round of onstage spelling, known as Round 3, because a written test constitutes the first round. But she spelled "yarrow" correctly and achieved her goal for the week, adding, "I was really nervous and dreading it all week."
UNUSUAL REPRIEVE
Reagan Remmers of Missoula, Montana, was heading out to lunch with her mom after she misspelled "balaclava."
Or so she thought.
"My mom got a phone call that told her I was reinstated," Reagan said. "I was like, 'Oh, sweet!'"
Turns out, the spelling Reagan gave — "Balaklava" — is a city in Ukraine. Since the judges didn't warn her that her word had a homonym and because Reagan didn't ask for the definition — a garment covering the head and neck except for parts of the face — her spelling was deemed correct after further review.
"I had no idea what the word meant," Reagan said.
Still, her spelling wasn't a complete guess. She asked for the language of origin and was told it was Crimean, which led her to include a "k'' instead of a "c."
This was just the fifth time in 20 years that a speller was reinstated after judges had determined he or she misspelled a word, Kimble said.
DEAD AIR
Considering how far he had to travel to get to the bee, Daniel Doudna can be forgiven for taking his time at the microphone.
Daniel lives in Fairbanks, Alaska, one of three spellers from the state. But the 4,100-mile (6,600-kilometer) trip to Washington is nothing new for the 14-year-old: This is his second time in the bee, and two of his older sisters also competed.
When Daniel starts spelling, he's more deliberate than most, pausing after each letter and letting silence hang in the air. His word on Wednesday was "quietude," and he created some.
"I made too many mistakes by going fast," he said. "After each letter, I mentally review the word to see what the next letter is."
___
Follow Ben Nuckols on Twitter at https://twitter.com/APBenNuckols
After facing backlash for his comments on Facebook, the Springfield, Massachusetts officer apologized, claiming he is a "good man who made a stupid comment."
A Massachusetts cop is facing backlash for an insensitive and crass response on Facebook to a story about the fatal crash that occurred during the “Unite the Right” rally in Charlottesville, Virginia.
Officer Conrad Lariviere of Springfield wrote “Hahahaha love this, maybe people shouldn't block road ways” in response to a counter-protester being killed at the violent, uproarious white supremacist rally on Saturday.
Massachusetts Cop on Facebook Mocks Protesters Hit by Car in Virginia: ‘Hahahaha Love This' https://t.co/YqLdKLEcZK pic.twitter.com/dHMBLDA9Aa — AVN News Feed (@AVNNewsFeed) August 14, 2017
Read More If Trump Plans To Fight White Nationalism, He Should Start With Bannon
After facing backlash, the officer later apologized, claiming that he's a “good man who made a stupid comment” in a conversation with Masslive.
Despite his half-hearted apology, the damage was already done. According to the Associated Press, Springfield Police Commissioner John Barbieri initiated an investigation into the matter after receiving a complaint about the comment on Sunday.
“I took immediate steps to initiate a prompt and thorough internal investigation,” Barbieri reportedly told AP via email. “If in fact this post did originate from an officer employed with the Springfield Police Department, this matter will be reviewed by the Community Police Hearings Board for further action.”
Once word got around to the Democratic Springfield mayor, he publicly denounced the officer's remarks in a statement.
“There is no place for this in our society, let alone from a Springfield Police Officer,” Sarno said in the statement.
Lariviere maintains he is not racist and claims his comments were not meant to imply that he was taking the side of the white supremacists.
“Never would I want someone to get murdered. I am not a racist and don't believe in what any of those protesters are doing,” he reportedly said.
However, those sentiments certainly didn't stop him from insulting another commenter who replied to his cruel remarks, asking him if he'd ever been hit by a car.
Lariviere responded that he had been hit by someone “with warrants, but who cares right you ignorant brat live in a fantasy land with the rest of America while I deal with the real danger.”
It's unclear what Lariviere constitutes as “real danger,” however, we would argue that people of color in America are faced with just as much "real" danger while carrying out everyday tasks as he deals with as an officer of the law.
Not only are minorities being targeted by law enforcement themselves, but their lives are also being threatened by radicalized, racist civilians — as evidenced by Saturday's events.
Imagine the inner turmoil one faces living in fear that they may become either the next victim of a hate crime or a police shooting.
In addition to whatever disciplinary action Commissioner Barbieri decides to take, Lariviere could also stand to benefit from some rigorous sensitivity training.
Read More This Is James Alex Fields Jr: Virginia Riots White Terrorism Suspect
Banner/Thumbnail Photo Credit: Reuters, Justin Ide
By George Fenwick.
From the avant-garde cover art, Katy Perry's dramatic new haircut and all her talk of "purposeful pop," you could be forgiven for thinking this album might actually have been good, or at the very least interesting. But the most irritating thing about Witness, in context of Perry's roller coaster of a promotional rollout (livestream included), is that it is completely bland.
Perry has proven she can make great pop music - her 2010 album Teenage Dream excellently captured the ecstasy of adolescence, with the singer effortlessly playing multiple characters on an album that produced a plethora of hits. Witness, by contrast, is lifeless.
For a start, the album is cramped. There are 15 tracks, seemingly for no apparent reason other than that it might maximise Spotify streams. There's little variation in production style, and lyrically, it's a mess. Several tracks follow the dire trend in pop music of choosing a flat simile and using an entire song to thwack you over the head with it: On Roulette, a night out is like Russian Roulette; on Tsunami, sex is like swimming; on Bon Appétit, sex is like eating.
That's not all. Twice on Witness, Perry rhymes "trouble" with "bubble"; on Deja vu, a lover's words are "like Chinese water torture," and on Miss You More, Perry thinks deeply: "I saw a balloon floating away/I thought, 'Did somebody let go, or did they lose it?'" There's even a whole song about subtweeting. With a roster of talented songwriters that includes Max Martin, who is known for his pop-song Midas touch, and Sia Furler, it's puzzling that these songs made it past the writing stage.
Advertisement
× Katy Perry's 'Witness' sets the bar low. Photo / AP Katy Perry's 'Witness' sets the bar low. Photo / AP
If this is Perry's politicised era, she sets the bar low. Hey Hey Hey drives home a message of female empowerment with all the subtlety and nuance of a freight train: "Because I'm feminine and soft, but I'm still a boss, yeah/Red lipstick but still so raw, yeah ... Karate chopping the cliches and norms all in a dress." For an artist who once rejected feminism, her embracing it is commendable, but nothing she's saying hasn't already been said more eloquently by other female singers.
There are just enough hooks here to keep fans happy, but Witness ultimately lacks any sort of coherence or spark. Though she laments on the album's lead single that we're all "chained to the rhythm," it seems Perry has lost her own.
Katy Perry, Witness
Artist: Katy Perry
Album: Witness
Label: Capitol Record
Verdict: Perry's purpose is lost in this messy, incoherent record
The market research highlights fundamental frameworks on Global Surgical Navigation Systems Market gives the exhaustive affiliation between past and current market trends to predict future market values and tendencies of the market. The report is a well-defined and in-depth research of market along with the market status, growth rate, and trends. The market report comprises historical, current, and projected revenues for each sector, segment, end-user segment, and region. The key manufactures/business entities covered in the report Medtronic, Stryker, GE Healthcare, Brainlab, B. Braun, Johnson & Johnson, Karl Storz, Zimmer Biomet, Fiagon, XION, Collin Medical, Anke, Fudan Digital Medical.
The report begins with introducing the global Surgical Navigation Systems market and segmentation analysis such as depend on the most significant dynamics containing drivers of the market, constraints, risks, opportunities, current trending factors, PEST and PROTER'S Five Forces survey, applications, topographical region markets, and competitive landscape. Macroeconomic and microeconomic features that currently overcome and also those that are witnessed to appear are involved in Surgical Navigation Systems report. The research analysts working on the report have strongly analyzed expected changes in policy, industry news and expansions, and opportunities and trends – this information can be utilized by companies to extend their market existence.
Request for Sample Report @ https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-surgical-navigation-systems-market/5926/#requestforsample
The report is actually made up of a combination of the important and the pertinent info of the worldwide market, for instance, key things responsible for the variation of demand with its services and products. The report states pioneering new developments and technological advancement, which empower our customers to structure they are long-term primarily based on innovative developments; settle on informative businesses options and also to perform the necessary fundamentals. The report provides the main region, market conditions with the product price, profit, capacity, production, supply, demand, and market growth rate and forecast etc. This report also Present new project SWOT analysis, investment feasibility analysis, and investment return analysis.
Geographically, this report is portioned into a few key Regions, with generation, utilization, income (million USD), piece of the pie and development rate in these areas, from 2018 to 2025 (gauge), covering United States, China, Europe, Japan, Southeast Asia, India and Rest of World.
Surgical Navigation Systems Market Analysis by Product Type Segmentation: Optical Surgical Navigation Systems, Electromagnetic Surgical Navigation Systems, Other.
Surgical Navigation Systems Market Analysis by Application Segmentation: Neurosurgery SurgeryÂ , Spinal Surgery, Orthopedic Surgery, ENT Surgery, Other.
Key points in the Surgical Navigation Systems Market Report:
1) To gain insightful analyses of the Market and have a comprehensive understanding of the global market and its commercial landscape
2) Assess the production processes, major issues, and solutions.
3) Market strategies that are being adopted by leading respective organizations
4) The report gives specific analysis for rapidly changing dynamics of Industry.
5) To understand the future outlook and prospects for the market with Marketing & Price (Price and Margin, Factors of Price Change, Manufacturers Gross Margin Analysis).
Inquiry for Buying Report @ https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-surgical-navigation-systems-market/5926/#inquiry
From all of this Surgical Navigation Systems market information, the report serves guidance and strategies to the following Surgical Navigation Systems market players: New players, stakeholders, marketing unit, administrative authorities and Surgical Navigation Systems distributors/manufacturers. The market research analysis has been structured using vital data from industry expertize. Further, the comprehensive primary and secondary research information with which the report has been prepared helps provide the key statistic forecasts data, in both terms revenue and volume. In addition to this, the analysis of the latest trends and current revenue of the region-wise market in comparison to the market has been included in this report. This will provide a clear view of the readers that how the market will progress globally over the forecast period 2018-2023.
About Us
Index Markets Research conduct market research and publish reports. You can find more than 35,000 research reports in our web store, which covers global industry and the regional markets. All the worldwide marketing data you need is at your fingertips.
Contact Us
Mark Irwin
Sales Manager
Email Id: sales@indexmarketsresearch.com
Phone: +1 202 888 3519
Web: https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/
Quarterback Matthew Stafford ranks second on the list of the NFL's top deep passers.
Detroit Lions quarterback Matthew Stafford is believed to have one of the best arms in the NFL. Now NFL's Next Gen Stats data is lending even more credence to that assertion.
The NFL's passing attacks have become more and more quick-strike and matchup based over the years, but the deep ball is still alive and well.
With the help of the Next Gen Stats data collected via the chips in every player's shoulder pads, the NFL can now identify the best deep passers in the NFL.
NFL.com just released an article that uses a composite score of several passing stats accumulated on deep attempts, and ranked the league's Top 10 deep passers.
Stafford came in at No. 2, right behind former Kansas City Chiefs and current Washington Redskins quarterback Alex Smith.
The list included only quarterbacks that had at least 200 pass attempts, and graded on:
-- Passer rating on deep throws (20-plus yards)
-- Completion rate on deep throws
-- Percentage of total passing yards accumulated on deep throws
-- Touchdown rate on deep throws (touchdowns per pass attempt)
In those specific categories, Stafford ranked second in passer rating (127.2), third in completion rate (43.8), fourth in percentage of yards (23.7) and fourth in touchdown rate (15.6). His composite score was a 13 (adding up where he ranked in the four categories), which was two better than New York Jets QB Josh McCown (15) and 11 better than Texans' QB Deshaun Watson (24).
Smith has a composite score of just five after ranking first in three of those categories and second in another.
This in a continued series by NFL.com using their Next Gen Stats. Stafford also ranked second in the breakdown they did of the best quarterbacks throwing into tight-windows.
Stafford and receiver Marvin Jones Jr. have quickly become one of the best deep-ball combinations in the NFL. Jones' ability to high-point a football and his body control along the sideline and in a crowd are big reasons why Stafford is so high on this list. Jones ranked second in deep threats and tight-window receivers in the Next Gen Stats' series focusing on receivers.
MIAMI (WSVN) - A woman suffering from Schizophrenia went missing, Saturday, in Miami.
According to Miami Police, 14-year-old Jeylina Baret went missing from 4121 NW 18th Ave. Baret is a white female standing 6 feet tall, weighs about 230 pounds with brown hair and eyes.
Police said she has been missing since Saturday and suffers from Schizophrenia.
Baret was last seen wearing orange pajamas.
If you have any information regarding Baret's whereabouts, please contact the City of Miami Police Department at (305) 603-6300.
Copyright 2017 Sunbeam Television Corp. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
This page is for personal, non-commercial use. You may order presentation ready copies to distribute to your colleagues, customers, or clients, by visiting http://www.autobloglicensing.com
The 11-year-old actor said he was 'excited and proud' to be given the important plot.
Coronation Street's Kyran Bowes said he was determined to get his sepsis storyline just right after meeting a girl who lost her legs due to the illness.
Upcoming scenes in the ITV soap will see promising footballer Jack Webster (Bowes) fall ill with life-threatening blood poisoning after grazing his leg.
To prepare for the storyline, the 11-year-old actor met a 14-year-old girl named Sasha who lost her legs due to sepsis, and said she was “inspirational”.
“You would not think she had been through such a horrible illness – she is so brave,” said Bowes.
“She was so happy and smiling all the time. She was really happy to help me.
“I think Sasha is very inspirational.
“It made me so determined to play my part as best I could to get it right for all the people who have suffered like Sasha.”
The story will see Jack's dad Kevin Webster (Michael Le Vell) weighing up an agonising choice, as he has to decide whether to have Jack's foot amputated or face losing him to the illness.
Michael Le Vell plays Kevin Webster (PA)
Bowes, who said he was “excited and proud” to be trusted with such an important storyline, said the main challenge was filming the scenes where Jack wakes up and realises he has lost his leg.
“Making sure I showed the emotions and feelings of shock and upset that Jack and his dad would be going through in a real life situation,” he said.
The actor added: “I hope I have done the story proud for Coronation Street and for all the people who have suffered sepsis.
“It is a terrible illness and I hope that this storyline helps others and raises lots of awareness.”
Coronation Street continues on ITV.
© Press Association 2018
By Sophie Haslett
This time last year, Evie Farrell couldn't have even dreamed where she is now.
But after the 43-year-old from Sydney lost a close friend and decided to pack up her life and A$30,000 in savings last February, she and her daughter, Emmie, set off on the adventure of a lifetime travelling around the world.
A photo posted by Travel Bloggers Evie & Emmie (@mumpacktravel) on Oct 22, 2016 at 6:40am PDT
Here, Ms Farrell speaks to FEMAIL about their first year away from home, what they've learned - and why after one year the pair still have no plans to come home, Daily Mail reports.
Originally, Ms Farrell said her intention was just to travel for a year, but as their year comes to its completion, she said they have decided to go on for at least another six months:
"This year has flown by, we're not ready to come home yet," she said.
"We're about to go back to Vietnam and Emmie will go to school for a few months while I work and try to earn some money to keep us going.
Continued below.
Related Content Andrew Dickens: Why am I riding with Lance Armstrong? Young guns - Aryaman Taore founder of LazyAz delivery service Former world No 1 tennis player Thomas Muster buys Russell coastal property
"My savings have all but gone, but we're lucky as we still have rent coming in from our home in Australia, so that's keeping our heads just above water."
The mum of one is a firm believer in the idea that travelling is easier than many might think.
She said that not only is it cheaper than living in Sydney, but it's also rewarding.
"I've learned this year that if you want something badly enough, you can make it happen," she said.
"There's more to life than sitting at a desk every day to earn money to buy stuff. We've travelled for a whole year with one backpack... and there's no way I'm going back to my old way of life now."
A photo posted by Travel Bloggers Evie & Emmie (@mumpacktravel) on Jul 29, 2016 at 2:55pm PDT
A photo posted by Travel Bloggers Evie & Emmie (@mumpacktravel) on Nov 2, 2016 at 7:03am PDT
While travelling the likes of Taiwan, Malaysian Borneo, Bali, Singapore, Malaysia, Thailand, Vietnam, London, Paris and China - where they spent Christmas and the New Year - Ms Farrell has been teaching her daughter, Emmie, via theNSW Distance Education primary school programme.
Emmie has also been sporadically receiving formal education, such as when the pair were in Hoi An.
"The challenges of being away on a trip like this are mostly the same as the ones we have at home - schoolwork, manners, bedtimes and eating meals - we just deal with them in incredible locations," Ms Farrell said.
A photo posted by Travel Blogger Evie & Emmie (@mumpacktravel) on Dec 13, 2016 at 4:30am PST
A photo posted by Travel BloggersEvie & Emmie (@mumpacktravel) on Oct 2, 2016 at 8:20pm PDT
"We've met other traveling families along the way and seeing Emmie have a great time with kids from all over the world helps me feel okay about her being away from her friends at home.
"She has made so many new friends and had wonderful experiences in all the countries we've been to."
A photo posted by Travel Bloggers Evie & Emmie (@mumpacktravel) on Jul 26, 2016 at 4:56pm PDT
Next, Ms Farrell and her daughter will return to Vietnam, before crossing over into Cambodia to visit an elephant sanctuary and celebrate their one year anniversary of being away from home:
"It was funny being away from home for Christmas and celebrating it in China," she said.
"We celebrated it by going to watch a Christmas show, ice skate and rock climb. We ate local xiaolongbao (Chinese soup dumplings) and caramel-flavoured Tim Tams which we managed to find in a supermarket.
A photo posted by Travel Bloggers Evie & Emmie (@mumpacktravel) on Sep 15, 2016 at 6:04am PDT
A photo posted by Travel Bloggers Evie & Emmie (@mumpacktravel) on Sep 2, 2016 at 4:41am PDT
"I wouldn't change our experiences for the world, though, and hopefully our life will inspire more mums and dads to go on an adventure with their children.'
With regards to any regrets about packing up her old life in Australia, Ms Farrell said she has none.
"This is precious time and if we weren't travelling, I would be at work every day and Emmie would be at school and being cared for by au pairs. It just makes sense to me to spend time together while she is young.
"It's the best gift I could have given her and the best thing I could have done for myself, too."
A photo posted by Travel Bloggers Evie & Emmie (@mumpacktravel) on Aug 22, 2016 at 9:46am PDT
A photo posted by Travel BloggersEvie & Emmie (@mumpacktravel) on Aug 1, 2016 at 3:34pm PDT
For anyone thinking of trying long-distance travel, Evie Farrell says you can get in contact with her via her blog, Mum Pack Travel. You can also follow her adventures on Instagram.
- Daily Mail
Make informed decisions.
Become an FT subscriber.
Keep abreast of significant corporate, financial and political developments around the world. Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting, expert commentary and analysis you can trust.
You must have JavaScript enabled to experience the new Autoblog. Please follow the instructions below to enable JavaScript in your browser.
At least seven people were killed Wednesday when suspected al-Shabab militants attacked a busy restaurant in the Somali capital popular with diaspora and government staff. Witnesses say the attackers set off a car bomb outside the Posh Treats restaurant and then sent a group of armed militants inside. “We heard a huge deafening explosion and saw a flash of light. Then, after 30 seconds gunfire ensued inside the restaurant," a witness told VOA's Somali Service. A reporter for VOA who went to the scene said he saw the bodies of...
read more...
Published By: VOA Africa - Today
Toa Maoni yako hapa - Add your comment
Related News
Fr. Ignatius on the exorcism in the Gospel in Gadarenes near the Sea of Galilee. He underscores the current high activity of demons today and the great need for exorcists to cure possession, but also the need for all of us to be holy as the chief means of prevention.Ave Maria!Mass: Wednesday 13th Week of Ordinary Time - Wkdy1st: gen 21:5, 8-20Resp: psa 34:7-8, 10-11, 12-13 0Gsp: mat 8:28-34
Series on Airmaria Select Category Air Maria Series (9,539) Homily (5,553) Specials (111) St. Mary's, Baltic, CT (180) Mt. St. Francis (197) Griswold, CT (2,147) Perth, Australia (83) Shrine, La Crosse, WI (78) Lanherne Friars (46) Stoke-on-Trent, UK (29) Bloomington, IN (1,161) On The Road (5) St Johns, Bloomington (61) New Bedford, MA (541) Promo (14) Face of Pro-Life (156) Special Event (71) Immaculate Music (53) News (816) Fi News (384) AirMaria Updates (60) World Review (2) Roving Reporter (133) Vatican (21) Rome Reports (27) No Apologies (122) 10 Most Popular (16) Book Log (15) Variety (293) Ave Maria Meditations (1,267) Marycast (407) Marycast Specials (221) 5th Marian Dogma for Beginners (11) Historical Highpoints of Mary Coredemptrix (16) Our Lady of All Nations (26) Our Lady of Akita (5) OLO America (8) OLO Lipa (5) Queen of Angels (3) Vatican Council II (12) From the Web (312) Friar Tech (10) Mission Down Under (214) Live Events (17) Live Archive (4) Conferences (345) Behold Your Mother Conference (12) Amsterdam 2008 (18) Mariae Advocatae Causa (5) Relevance of Marian Coredemption (6) Our Lady of All Nations 2008 (7) Scotus Mariology, Durham 2008 (13) Coredm Greenwood 2007 (0) Coredm La Crosse 2009 (8) Coredm La Crosse 2010 (8) Newman-Scotus DC 2010 (17) OLO All Nations LI 2011 (3) Card Arinze RI 2011 (0) Courage Chicago 2011 (8) Queen of the Americas 2011 (1) Canon Law La Crosse 2011 (0) Ct Birthright 2010 (2) Short Conferences (2) Coredm La Crosse 2011 (6) Courage Emmitsburg 2012 (9) Courage Syracuse 2012 (0) Courage Chicago 2013 (10) Courage Philly 2014 (11) Courage Chicago 2015 (16) Priests Retreat 2015 (13) Fr Peter Symposium ND (13) Random Conferences (12) Priests Retreat 2012 (8) A Year of Faith in Mary (3) MIM Retreat 2012 (4) Conference for Mothers (3) 2nd Mens Leadership Conference (12) Heroic Virtue Conference (4) Lent 2016 Fr. Hollowell (3) Confidence in God (8) Penance Fr. Ignatius 2016 (0) Notre Dame MI 2016 (0) Spring 2016 Marian Day (3) Fr. Casey – Mercy, Jesus' Own Words (4) 8 Day Ignatian Retreat (25) Priests Retreat 2016 (3) Life Teen Leadership Retreat (1) Fatima Campbell 2017 (6) Catholic Schoolhouse 2017 (4) SPSE Retreat 2017 (6) Marian Shrines of the World (25) Fatima Reflections (7) A Day With Mary (200) Australia (63) UK (31) USA (3) FI Missions (8) Tour of the Catechism (80) Mariology for Everyone (40) Mary Now (54) Fatima 100 Years (0) Fatima Minute (8)
An unmoving woman fell from an SUV into an intersection. The driver calmly picked her up and drove off
Leonard Taylor has filed a lawsuit against his former employer, club vet Barry Mullineaux, for $1 million for emotional abuse, claiming he was forced to buy cocaine for celebrity guests.
A video posted by the Waitemata DHB explaining how patients in a forensic mental health facility – many referred there for horrendous criminal offending – get birthday cakes, special Easter treats and movie nights has upset and infuriated victims' families.
They are appalled that the DHB is flaunting staff "going above and beyond" to celebrate milestones that their loved ones will forever miss out on and say the video is inappropriate and insulting.
The video was posted on the DHB's Facebook page yesterday and features a Mason Clinic psychiatric assistant with a cake she has baked at home for a patient.
The Mason Clinic is a forensic mental health facility that houses, among others, people either convicted of serious criminal offending, or found not guilty by reason of insanity but detained as a patient by the courts.
Advertisement
Among the patients are Akshay Chand who killed Christie Marceau in 2011 and Colin Moyle's "insane" killer Matthew Ahlquist.
The video, set to upbeat music, appears to be an attempt to show a slice of life inside the Mason Clinic.
The Herald has chosen not to publish the video out of respect to victims.
The psych assistant is said to bake cakes for all patients in her unit, and although she acknowledges they have been put there "by the courts" she does not specify which patients receive her culinary treats.
"She does it for all the patients in her unit, organising special treats for other occasions also," a caption about the staffer, whom the Herald has chosen not to name, read.
The video reveals patients are also provided cakes, cupcakes, chocolates, drinks and other treats at Easter and on other holidays, and have "special movie nights" with snack-laden tables.
"I believe we're not here to judge," the psych assistant said in the video.
"The courts have done that, that's why they're here.
"It's not our job to take things any further, at the end of the day our patients are human and everyone appreciates a little bit of kindness."
The video also showed boxes of what appears to be popcorn, chocolate bars and flavoured drinks for "special movie nights" at the Mason Clinic. Image taken from Waitemata DHB video
The Herald was contacted by families of victims angry over the "special treats" video after it was posted.
Colin Moyle's brother Graeme told the Herald he did not begrudge anyone in the clinic getting a cake or marking a milestone - but he did not want or need to know about it.
"It's a nice gesture of this lady to make them cakes - but posting the video is just rubbing it in our faces," he said.
"If you want to make them a cake, make them a cake, but I don't want to know about it."
Colin Moyle was attacked and bludgeoned to death with a spade and set alight by Alqhuist in 2007.
Ahlquist was found not guilty by reason of insanity and was detained as a mental patient at the Mason Clinic.
Moyle said he had now marked 11 of his brother's birthdays since he was killed with no "special treats".
"If this had been behind closed doors and we didn't know about it, it wouldn't bother me," he said.
"But to see the video, to know they get movie nights and tables full of cupcakes and soft drinks… it rubbed me up the wrong way."
Tracey and Brian Marceau were also appalled at the video.
Their 18-year-old daughter Christie was stabbed to death in their family home in November 2011 by Chand.
Christie Marceau was killed in her own home and died in her mother's arms in November 2011. Photograph supplied
He too was found not guilty by reason of insanity and detained as a special patient under the DHB's care.
"Our initial reaction was disbelief that they could be so insensitive," Tracey Marceau said.
"We echo Graeme's sentiment - the issue is not about what they eat, what activities they participate in.
"It's just insensitive the way it was portrayed and further highlights that victims or their families have no rights or considerations."
The Marceaus said the video should not have been posted.
"Surely there are more constructive ways of informing the public of their work than an article that almost glorifies the destruction that has been caused," Tracey Marceau said.
"It would have been Christie's 25th birthday in four weeks so this has caused us intense emotional harm.
"We have no birthday cakes or celebrations - that was taken from us at the hand of another.
"This is a bitter reminder of our loss and we are not alone in this.
"There are some things that should not be promoted and this is one of them."
Brian Marceau said the fact Chand was convicted of kidnapping Christie two months before he killed her was more of a slap in the face.
Chand completed his sentence for that offending in the Mason Clinic.
Brian Marceau said the situation was "absurd" and seemed to "celebrate" the patients rather than focus on healing.
Akshay Chand was found not guilty of murdering Christie Marceau by reason of insanity and detained at the Mason Clinic. New Zealand Herald photograph
Victim advocate Ruth Money said she was disappointed and branded the DHB "insensitive" and "inconsiderate of victims".
The content of the video was not an issue - it was the fact it had been shared on a public forum with no thoughts for victims and their families.
Money saw no reason for such a video to be shared on social media.
"A public display of celebration and joy for these offenders can only bring heartache to these victims," she said.
"The way it's been communicated is just completely inappropriate and utterly disrespectful.
"It's just so inconsiderate, I think it's disgraceful."
The Herald approached the DHB for comment this morning.
Within 25 minutes the video had been removed from the Facebook page.
The DHB refused to answer specific questions about the video, and instead issued a statement.
"Waitemata DHB posted a video to our Facebook page yesterday recognising one of our staff members for going above and beyond the call of duty in her work with our mental health patients," said director of communications Matthew Rogers.
"'With compassion' is one of our DHB's core values and we always seek to recognise staff members who demonstrate empathy in the course of their work, no matter what their role is or which patients they are responsible for.
"This also extends to the Mason Clinic where our staff often work in difficult situations and environments.
"We are sorry that posting this video has caused offence to victims' families and we have taken the video down immediately on hearing of their concerns.
"It was never the DHB's intention to cause offence and we deeply regret this."
Here is the first of an occasional series of recipes made using ingredients picked from our lovely Farmers Market. I'll try to keep them simple and straightforward, and allow you time to enjoy the meal and keep your time in the kitchen and cleanup to a minimum.
In our house, we almost never eat beef. It has simply lost a place in our rotation as we moved toward a lighter diet since arriving in California. However, the urge takes over from time to time.
Remember: Beef isn't bad for you; beef that has been pumped with hormones and antibiotics is bad for you. Everything in moderation, as they say. Most doctors or nutritionists aren't going to make you sacrifice a portion once in awhile.
Here's the plan ...
Take a walk down to the Farmers Market and grab a few steaks from Rancho San Julian beef. It sells all natural, local, properly raised beef from Santa Barbara County. It may seem expensive at $21 a pound, but we grabbed two bone-in steaks, a rib-eye and a New York strip for $31. At any restaurant, the tab for two steaks would easily exceed $60, so look at it as a deal.
Then grab a half-pound of fresh spinach from any number of vendors and a head of fresh garlic. Also pick up three of the ripest beefsteak tomatoes you can find and head home.
At this point in the growing season, great tomatoes are available from and they are getting better every day. The tomatoes we purchased were phenomenal. Grab a bunch of thyme and rosemary if you are not growing it. You'll also need unsalted butter.
All Natural Beef with Beefsteak Tomatoes and Sautéed Spinach
Prepare a large sauté pan big enough to fit both steaks with room to spare. This is a one-pan dish. Read the recipe a few times before you start!
» 1. Defrost the steaks if need be, the day before or under cold water. This should only take 20 minutes. Dry them off and let them come to room temperature.
» 2. Pick the spinach stems off and tear up the large leaves as you do so. Rinse under cold water. Break of a few cloves of garlic and peel. Chop them as finely as you can. Reserve. Break up the remaining garlic head and rough chop it — skins and all. Reserve. Sauté the chopped garlic in oil, add the spinach and season with salt and pepper. Reduce the heat to low and stir the spinach in the sauté pan until it begins to wilt. Check the seasoning. Remove from the pan to a covered bowl. Wipe out the pan and put it on high heat.
» 3. Season the steaks with salt on both sides. Coat the pan with vegetable or grape seed oil. Olive oil is nice, but the low smoke point makes it unsuitable for cooking at high heat. Carefully lay the steaks in the pan and keep the heat at medium high. Allow the steaks to cook approximately two minutes and then flip to brown the other side. Once the steaks are brown on both sides, add the butter, smashed up garlic and herbs. Turn up the heat — when the butter browns, spoon it over the top of the steaks to help the browning process.
Remove the steaks and rest on a plate lined with a paper towel while you assemble the final dish. Resting helps the steak absorb the juices and continue to cook evenly. For the thickness of steak we used from Rancho San Julian, they will be medium rare to medium, perfect for grass-fed beef.
» 4. Slice the tomatoes and spread over half of the plate with a splash of olive oil and flaky salt. I use Maldon sea salt. Divide the spinach between the plates and add the steaks. A twist of cracked black pepper, and you are ready to go.
A big, juicy cabernet will complement this dish. We had a 2010 Lava Vines Cabernet from Calistoga because we had it handy, but also recommend a Jaffurs Petite Sirah if you want to keep it local.
See you next week!
— Chef Joe Hafner writes the weekly Noozhawk column Word of Mouth and can be reached at .(JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address) . Click here for previous columns. The opinions expressed are his own.
Super Eagles and Chippa United goalkeeper, Daniel Akpeyi, is confident Nigeria will not wait till their last Group B game against Algeria before bagging their 2018 FIFA World Cup ticket.
Akpeyi told chippaunitedfc.co.za that the Super Eagles will not be complacent against the hungry Zambians when clash at Godswill Akpabio International stadium on today .
“We have come this far and now with only a point to qualify we must give 100 percent. We must give our all and with the nation behind us, we can,” Akpeyi stated.
“Zambia will also fancy their chances and will throw everything to fulfil their dream of playing in the World Cup. I believe though in my teammates, I believe in the Super Eagles.
“We are not going to leave any stone unturned on Saturday. This game is as big as World Cup final to me and I am sure I speak for all my teammates and Nigerians in totality.”
Akpeyi said he was relieved to have returned from injury in Chippa's 1-1 draw with Golden Arrows in Durban last weekend.
“I am grateful to God Almighty for my quick recovery and I want to thank the Super Eagles medical team and our physiotherapists at Chippa United for a job well done. I recovered quicker than initially anticipated,” he explained.
“I am feeling good since coming back to the team. I am focused and have challenged myself to do better than I did last season, and help the team. Football is about teamwork and all the guys are pulling their weight which augers well for the team.”
REVERSE ERECTILE DYSFUNCTION Within 3Days And Make Her Happy Again!! Guaranteed!!! All NATURAL! No Side-Effects! Click Here!now.
Uncover how I make $750 weekly on Facebook using never been revealed Social Media tools.
It's January and you're smashed. The party is over and it's a long way to pay day. But take comfort in the fact that most of us are in the same boat. Don't despair – and don't make the mistakes of previous years. Simply follow our 12-step programme to stop wasting money you don't have on things you don't need, and save a few bob in the process.
1 You might have woken up today full of resolve to start anew. That is normal. We all do it. You might be considering a detox diet. You might even be considering spending money on a detox programme or buying a book to help you on your detox journey.
Don't. Just don't. Detox diets are as real as fairies, and you might as well spend a hundred quid on a smoothie made with the leather scrapings of a leprechaun shoe. Keep telling yourself there is no such thing as a detox diet and that there are no special treatments that will help your body detox itself. You have organs to look after detoxification. And this is not just Pricewatch saying this; doctors and dietitians all over the world have been saying it for years. We just need to listen to them.
2 There is no point in starting the new year by going mad on “superfoods”, either. We can see the logic. You have spent all of Christmas eating incredibly rich foods and drinking far too much booze. You are feeling super-sluggish and looking to recharge your system with so-called superfoods. However, in our experience the only thing that is really super about such foods – we're looking at you goji berries and chia seeds and pu-erh tea – is the price. So just eat normal, healthy food and you'll be fine.
ADVERTISEMENT
3 Oh, yes, and drink more water. We are lucky in this country to have a supply of good-quality water coming from our taps, and despite that whole Irish Water unpleasantness, we still don't have to pay any more for it than we used to. But think twice before you develop a bottled water habit. It takes three litres of regular water to manufacture a single litre of bottled water, and that plastic bottle will take some 1,000 years to biodegrade.
And although we're not trying to guilt-trip you, you should probably bear in mind that more than 1.6 million people in the developing world die each year from drinking contaminated water. Meanwhile, in the developed world, we spend more on bottled water than is necessary to eradicate the fatal waterborne illnesses that kill so many people.
4 We had a look on Amazon. com towards the end of 2016 and were somewhat horrified to see it was selling more than 24,000 books claiming to help you lose weight. And that's not to mention all the ridiculous pills and potions and workout DVDs and so on that promised to do the same. “Bone broth” diets appear to be big this year. But the thing is (and we mean no disrespect to bone broth), the vast, vast, the vast majority of the diets, plans and books simply do not not work. So don't spend money on them.
We say that in the full knowledge that many people won't listen. Irish people spend many millions of euros every year on dieting, despite the fact that repeated surveys from medical experts and consumer groups in many different countries have proved that 95 per cent of diet programmes fail. So don't get sucked into the latest fad. If you want to lose weight, eat less, exercise more, watch your sugar intake and cut back on processed food.
We're not saying these steps will help everyone get into perfect shape (the problem of obesity is a lot more complicated than that), but it is a good starting point that won't cost you significant amounts of money.
5 When we say exercise more, we don't mean you have to join a gym. We are not anti-gym, but joining a gym in January or February is madness. The dropout rate among people who take out gym memberships in the first part of any year is about 60 per cent. That wouldn't be so bad if gyms didn't make it so hard to leave, and many who join a gym this week and next with the best of intentions will find themselves locked into expensive contracts for at least a year.
As many as 350,000 Irish adults are gym members, and less than half go regularly. Don't find yourself in the wrong half.
6 Still, if you are going to join a gym, there are some steps you can take to ensure you're not ripped off. Find out what is included in your membership and keep a close eye on the terms and conditions, particularly the length of contracts, rolling direct debits and the cancellation policies.
Figure out when you are most likely to use the gym and when you are most likely to be able to get on the equipment without a wait. If you plan to use the gym between 5pm and 7pm – the peak hours – there is little point taking the grand tour during a quiet period.
7 From healthy options to health insurance. Many people who have private health insurance will be facing into renewals towards the end of this month. Most will simply stay with the same provider on the same policy. We know this because more than 70 per cent of people with health insurance have never switched provider. All of these people are wasting their money.
ADVERTISEMENT
Those who have not reviewed their cover in the past two years are spending more than they need to. So if your renewal is coming up, call your existing insurer and ask for the closest equivalent plan to what it has now now, and insist that all plans are explored. If the company comes back with a plan that costs €100 less, ask if it is the best-value plan. The calls are being recorded, so they have to say yes or no and they have to answer truthfully.
At that point, they might say they will post the details, but they should be kept on the phone and made to explain the details of the new plan and how it differs from the old one. If you are on a budget of, say, €800, you should ring and ask for the best- value plan for that amount. Always put the onus on the company to find the best-value and to explain exactly what the plan does.
And remember: If you are switching from one provider to another, they can't pry into your private life and ask intrusive questions about your health. All a new provider can ask you is if you have health insurance already and, if so, for how long and with which insurer and what level of cover you have. If they try to ask about anything else, you can tell them to mind their own business.
8 While you are shopping around for health insurance, you may as well shop around for a new gas and electricity provider too. It is hassle-free and could save you €300 over the next 12 months. About 85 per cent of Irish people pay a standard tariff for both electricity and gas; they are all paying hundreds of euros more than they need to.
We have said this before and will say it again: the discounts companies offer are in place for a year only. So, to avail of them, you have to switch every year. The companies tend to be cute about this. In the first year, all bills carry the standard unit price, with a line underneath indicating the level of discount. Once the year ends, the line about the discount simply disappears and the standard unit price remains the same. Too many people don't notice the change, which is why they are paying over the odds.
9 When it comes to getting in shape for the new year, one of the most important things you can do is overhaul your grocery shopping habits. Get into the habit of only buying what you need by checking what you have in your cupboards or your fridge before you go shopping. Then make a list and stick to it.
Pricewatch has long been a convert to own-brand products. We're not saying they are all lovely; there is some awful stuff selling under the brand names of some of the State's biggest retailers. But there is also some very high-quality stuff that typically sells for 30 per cent less than the brand equivalent. Know the time your local supermarket marks down the price of its perishable goods every day. You'll save on perfectly good food and even some treats. Empty your freezer and cupboards. You probably have a week's worth of food in there.
10 Set yourself a challenge to spend nothing for just one day. Then see if you can make it three days. Then five. Spending money is a habit, but if you put your mind to it, it can be broken. You'd be amazed at how easy and refreshing it is to get through a whole day without spending a bean.
ADVERTISEMENT
The key to not spending money is not going into shops at all this week. If you find yourself weakening, you just need to ask yourself if you really need whatever it is you are tempted to buy. If you can't answer a truthful yes, then let it go. Take your credit cards out of your wallet and leave them at home.
11 Get on the wagon – not forever, but until the beginning of next month. New year's resolutions are always a disaster because they are open-ended and we get bored and drop them. But if you set yourself the goal of getting through the 29 days, it is much easier to do. The average Irish adult drinks the equivalent of eight pints of beer a week. That's about €35 if you do all your drinking in a pub. Cut it out for the month and save yourself as much as €140. Cut out your morning coffee for January and save about €50.
12 Make your own lunch. A sliced pan and a block of cheese will easily knock €25 a week off the cost of keeping yourself fed during the day. You can also make a week's worth of meaty stew for about €5.
BLESSED AREN'T THE MEEK: DO'S AND DON'TS TO GET YOU THROUGH THE CONSUMING YEAR
Don't pay any outstanding water bills. We're not advocating civil disobedience, but given the current level of confusion around the future of Irish Water, if you are one of the 600,000 people who still own the utility money, don't hand over any cash. We still don't know if those who paid are going to be refunded or if those who didn't will be hounded, so your best bet is to do nothing.
Do look at your bank statements and utility bills. Big businesses profit from our unwillingness to even open – never mind actually read and try to understand – the bills and statements they send us. So make a resolution to pay attention to them. You never know when you are being gouged and by whom.
Don't be a pushover. It almost seems as if some companies have made it a policy to make resolving problems as difficult as possible in the hope that customers who are looking for help or redress will just go away. If you have a grievance with a company, persist. Don't just give up if it seems like too much hassle. That's just playing into their hands.
Do know your rights. You don't want to be the person shouting in a shop because it refuses to sell you the flatscreen telly that was incorrectly priced at 1 cent.
Don't be mean to shop assistants. Working as a shop assistant can be incredibly difficult and not very well paid. If you have a grievance with a shop, there is little or no point in shouting at the lowest paid staff member, one who has no power to effect change, just because they can't resolve your problem. Always be polite – and always make sure you are addressing your complaints to the right people.
Do complain in restaurants. We in Ireland are terrible complainers. We hate doing it because we hate “making a fuss”. Unless a waiter actually throws up in our soup as he serves it, we are too likely to say everything is grand while we silently vow to never darken a place's doors again. Restaurant owners want to hear your concerns because they want to be given a chance to put things right.
Don't give all your business to multinational retailers or online giants. Of course bargains can be found online and in giant supermarkets, but local retailers matter, and unless we make a conscious decision to support them, they will go out of business. There is no point in mourning the passing of particular shop if the last time you spent any money there was back when Ray Houghton put the ball in the English net.
ADVERTISEMENT
Do get in touch with Pricewatch at The Irish Times. If you have been let down or messed around or gouged or in any other way mistreated by a retailer, a business or a supplier, we'd like to hear from you. We get a lot of complaints via email and over the phone, and while we can't deal with them all, we do our best to look into as many as we can. And we always want to hear your stories.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A rundown comprehensive school is set to be demolished and rebuilt.
The redevelopment of Lordswood Boys Academy, in Harborne, has been identified as a priority by the Government backed Education and Skills Funding Agency.
It opened in 1957, as Lordswood Technical School, but now the buildings have been declared outdated and unsuitable for pupils.
The school has capacity for 900 pupils but has been operating well below that with less than 400 on the roll while there is no longer a sixth form.
(Image: Kier Construction.)
The new building will be able to cater for 750 pupils as well as 100 staff - double the current number of employees.
It will include 34 classrooms, a sports hall, a smaller hall, library and changing rooms as well as offices, storage spaces, a kitchen and dining room.
The new development will be built to the rear of the current buildings, which will be demolished after the scheme is completed and pupils have transferred over.
The proposal, submitted on behalf of the Secretary of State for Education, will go before Birmingham City Council's planning committee on Thursday (July 5).
Officers have recommended it be approved.
A planning statement from developers Kier Construction said: "The school has been identified by the Education & Skills Funding Agency as a top priority for redevelopment due to poor quality, outdated building stock and a local requirement to maintain the current pupil numbers of the school locally.
"Surveys of the building confirm that the structures have reached or are
due to reach the end of their lifecycle and do not offer suitable learning
environments for the pupils.
"The main school building will be retained during the construction of the new building and then demolished."
The school converted to a grammar school in the 1960s and then a comprehensive shortly after.
It became an academy in 2013 when it joined with Lordswood Girls' School as part of the Lordswood Academies Trust. It joined the Central Academies Trust last year.
Swedish club AFC Eskilstuna have announced the signing of Nigeria's journeyman, Taye Taiwo on a short-term contract.
This was confirmed by the club's sports director Azad Budak on their official website.
“We got a really good and experienced left back that will mean a lot to us. Not only on the field, but also in the locker room. We are very happy that he is here,” Budak said.
A club statement read: “Thirty two-year-old Taye Taiwo began his elite career at Lobi Stars in his home country, Nigeria. He played one season with the club before joining Marseille in the (French) Ligue 1 in January 2005. He stayed there for more than nine seasons before signing for (Italian giants) AC Milan in July 2011.
“He has also represented clubs such as Queens Park Rangers (QPR), Bursaspor, Dynamo Kiev and now recently, Swiss club Lausanne Sport.”
The well-travelled left-back is pleased to have joined the club which campaigns in the top flight of Swedish football, Allsvenskan.
“I am very happy to be here. I have been training hard before I came here so I'm in good shape,” Taiwo said.
PORTLAND, Ore. (AP) — When Oregon lawmakers created the state's legal marijuana program, they had one goal in mind above all else: to convince illicit pot growers to leave the black market.
That meant low barriers to entry that also targeted long-standing medical marijuana growers, whose product is not taxed. As a result, weed production boomed — with a bitter consequence.
Now, marijuana prices here are in freefall, and the craft cannabis farmers who put Oregon on the map decades before broad legalization say they are in peril of losing their now-legal businesses as the market adjusts.
Oregon regulators on Wednesday announced they will stop processing new applications for marijuana licenses in two weeks to address a severe backlog and ask state lawmakers to take up the issue next year.
Advertisement
Experts say the dizzying evolution of Oregon's marijuana industry may well be a cautionary tale for California, where a similar regulatory structure could mean an oversupply on a much larger scale.
"For the way the program is set up, the state just wants to get as many people in as possible, and they make no bones about it," Hilary Bricken, a Los Angeles-based attorney specializing in marijuana business law, said of California. "Most of these companies will fail as a result of oversaturation."
Oregon has nearly 1 million pounds (453,600 kilograms) of marijuana flower — commonly called bud — in its inventory, a staggering amount for a state with about 4 million people. Producers told The Associated Press wholesale prices fell more than 50 percent in the past year; a study by the state's Office of Economic Analysis found the retail cost of a gram of marijuana fell from $14 in 2015 to $7 in 2017.
The oversupply can be traced largely to state lawmakers' and regulators' earliest decisions to shape the industry.
They were acutely aware of Oregon's entrenched history of providing top-drawer pot to the black market nationwide, as well as a concentration of small farmers who had years of cultivation experience in the legal, but largely unregulated, medical pot program.
Getting those growers into the system was critical if a legitimate industry was to flourish, said Sen. Ginny Burdick, a Portland Democrat who co-chaired a committee created to implement the voter-approved legalization measure.
Lawmakers decided not to cap licenses; to allow businesses to apply for multiple licenses; and to implement relatively inexpensive licensing fees.
The Oregon Liquor Control Commission, which issues licenses, announced Wednesday it will put aside applications for new licenses received after June 15 until a backlog of pending applications is cleared out. The decision comes after U.S. Attorney Billy Williams challenged state officials to address Oregon's oversupply problem.
"In my view, and frankly in the view of those in the industry that I've heard from, it's a failing of the state for not stepping back and taking a look at where this industry is at following legalization," Williams told the AP in a phone interview.
But those in the industry supported the initial decisions that led to the oversupply, Burdick said.
"We really tried to focus on policies that would rein in the medical industry and snuff out the black market as much as possible," Burdick said.
Lawmakers also quickly backtracked on a rule requiring marijuana businesses have a majority of ownership by someone with Oregon residency after entrepreneurs complained it was hard to secure startup money. That change opened the door to out-of-state companies with deep pockets that could begin consolidating the industry.
The state has granted 1,001 producer licenses and has another 950 in process as of last week. State officials worry if they cut off licensing entirely or turn away those already in the application process, they'll get sued or encourage illegal trade.
Some of the same parameters are taking shape in California, equally known for black-market pot from its Emerald Triangle region.
The rules now in effect there place caps only on certain, medium-sized growing licenses. In some cases, companies have acquired dozens of growing licenses, which can be operated on the same or adjoining parcels. The growers association is suing to block those rules, fearing they will open the way for vast farms that will drive out smaller cultivators.
Beau Whitney, senior economist at national cannabis analytics firm New Frontier Data, said he's seeing California prices fall.
In contrast, Washington knew oversupply could draw federal attention and was more conservative about licensing. As the market matured, its regulators eased growing limits, but the state never experienced an oversupply crisis.
Colorado has no caps on licenses, but strict rules designed to limit oversupply allow the state to curtail a growers' farm size based on past crop yields, existing inventory, sales deals and other factors.
In Oregon, cannabis retail chains are emerging to take advantage of the shake-up.
A company called Nectar has 13 stores around the state — with three more on tap — and says on its website it is buying up for-sale dispensaries too. Canada-based Golden Leaf Holdings bought the successful Oregon startup Chalice and has six stores around Portland, with another slated to open.
William Simpson, Chalice's founder and Golden Leaf Holdings CEO, is expanding into Northern California, Nevada and Canada. Simpson welcomes criticism that he's dumbing down cannabis the same way Starbucks brought coffee to a mass market.
"If you take Chalice like Starbucks, it's a known quantity, it's a brand that people know and trust," he said.
Amy Margolis, executive director of the Oregon Cannabis Association, says that capping licenses would only spur even more consolidation in the long-term. The state is currently working on a study that should provide data and more insight into what lies ahead.
"I don't think that everything in this state is motivated by struggle and failure," she said. "I'm very interested to see ... how this market settles itself and (in) being able to do that from a little less of a reactionary place."
For now, Oregon's smaller marijuana businesses are trying to stay afloat.
A newly formed group will launch an ad campaign this fall to tell Oregonians why they should pay more for mom-and-pop cannabis. Adam Smith, who founded the Oregon Craft Cannabis Alliance, believes 70 percent of Oregon's small growers and retailers will go out of business if consumers don't respond.
"We could turn around in three to four years and realize that 10 to 12 major companies own a majority of the Oregon industry and that none of it is really based here anymore," he said. "The Oregon brand is really all about authenticity. It's about people with their hands in the dirt, making something they love as well as they can. How do we save that?"
___
Associated Press writers Gene Johnson in Seattle, Michael R. Blood in Los Angeles and Kathleen Foody in Denver contributed to this report.
___
Flaccus is a member of the AP's marijuana beat team. Follow her on Twitter at https://twitter.com/gflaccus. Follow complete AP marijuana coverage: https://apnews.com/tag/LegalMarijuana
Intelligent Virtual Assistant Market was valued at $1.1 billion in 2016 and is projected to reach $11.9 billion by 2024, having a CAGR of 34.8 % during the forecasted period of 2017 to 2024.In 2016, Speech recognition technology segment held the largest share of the global IVA market.
Intelligent Virtual Assistant (IVA) is a next-gen software application which facilitates the human interaction with the computer via various platforms such as, the internet, SMS, and messenger. IVA systems use various methods for interaction with the person and are extremely popular among young and tech savvy users. The various interaction methods include text-to-text, text-to-speech, speech-to-text, and speech-to-speech. Faster rigid training process, uniform support for customers, and value addition to the future ready products are popular advantages of IVA. The Global IVA market has exhibited a tremendous growth in the past and is expected to show robust growth in upcoming years.
Request Sample Copy of the Report@https://www.esticastresearch.com/market-reports/intelligent-virtual-assistant-market/request-sample
Market Dynamics
Cost effective solutions for organizational problems is one prime driver boosting the global intelligent virtual assistant market. Customer experience plays an important role in the growth of the business, integration of IVA with business functions helps to improve customer experience and ultimately boosts the business growth and fuel the global IVM market. Reduced manpower owing to an intelligent assortment of huge organizational data is also a market driver for global IVA market. For instance, Sarah, a virtual assistant by MyCyberTwin achieved 94% accuracy rate and has managed to drive sales for many companies. However, lack of availability of skilled resources is restraining the market for further growth. The evolving demand for websites and mobile applications will be the prime opportunity within global IVA market in upcoming years.
Market Segmentation
The global intelligent virtual assistant market is segmented on the basis of technology, industry verticals, and geography. The technology is bifurcated into Speech Recognition and text-to-speech. The industry verticals are classified as Automotive, Healthcare, BFSI, Retail/e-commerce, and Others. Geographically, the market is segmented as North America, Europe, Asia-Pacific and Rest of World. The North American market holds the biggest share of the global IVA market and expected to grow at CAGR of 32.3 %. The banking and finance sector is expected to exhibit the highest growth rate within industry vertical segment.
Request for Customized Report @https://www.esticastresearch.com/market-reports/intelligent-virtual-assistant-market/request-customise-form
Global IVA market, by Industry Verticals 2016 vs. 2024
Global IVA market, by Industry Verticals
Some major player of the market is Anboto Group, Artificial Solutions Ltd., CodeBaby Corporation, Creative Virtual Ltd, CX Company, eGain Corporation, IntelliResponse Systems Inc., Next IT Corporation, Nuance Communications Inc., and Speaktoit LLC.
Intelligent Virtual Assistance Market Segmentation
By Technology
• Speech Recognition
• Text-to-speech
By Industry Verticals
• Automotive
• Healthcare
• BFSI
• Retail/e-commerce
• Others
By Geography
• North America
• Europe
• APAC
• ROW
Key Market Players
Anboto Group
• Artificial Solutions Ltd.
• CodeBaby Corporation
• Creative Virtual Ltd
• CX Company
• eGain Corporation
• IntelliResponse Systems Inc.
• Next IT Corporation
• Nuance Communications Inc.
• Speaktoit LLC
Access Report Details @https://www.esticastresearch.com/market-reports/intelligent-virtual-assistant-market
About Esticast Research &Consulting :
Esticast Research & Consulting is a research firm providing research reports on various industries with a unique combination of authenticity, extensive research, and infallibility. We provide syndicated market research reports, customization services, and consulting services to help businesses across the world in achieving their goals and overcoming complex challenges. We specialize in providing 360 degree view of the markets to assist clients in determining new opportunities and develop business strategies for the future with data and statistics on changing market dynamics.
Esticast Research & Consulting has expert analysts and consultants with an ability to work in collaboration with clients to meet their business needs and give opportunities to thrive in a competitive world. A comprehensive analysis of industries ranging from healthcare to consumer goods and ICT to BFSI is provided by covering hundreds of industry segments. The research reports offering market forecasts, market entry strategies, and customer intelligence will help clients across the world in harnessing maximum value on their investment and realize their optimum potential.
Contact
Address:Sr. No.8/2A/1, Vitthal Heights, Above Yashwant, Kharadi, Pune-411014
Tel: +91-20-65606016
Email: help@esticastresearch.com
Web: https://www.esticastresearch.com
A fugitive on the run for nearly three decades has been caught in Augusta, where he was living under an assumed name.
At around 11 a.m. on Feb. 1, 2018, sixty-three-year-old James Patrick Dowiak was arrested at his home at 222 1/2 Reynolds Street by the Richmond County Sheriff's Office, the U.S. Marshal Southeast Regional Fugitive Task Force, and the U.S. Marshal Southern District of Georgia. Dowiak had been living in Augusta under the name Ryan Scott Oalson since 1990.
Dowiak had outstanding warrants from the Ohio Department of Rehabilitation and Corrections, Adult Parole Authority. He has eluded capture for twenty-eight years. He has been booked into the Richmond County Jail, awaiting extradition back to Ohio.
Copyright 2018 WFXG. All rights reserved.
Your news how you want it.
On the go and no time to finish that story right now? Your News is the place for you to save content to read later from any device. Register with us and content you save will appear here so you can access them to read later.
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Former England captain John Terry will leave Aston Villa this summer, the Sky Bet Championship club have announced.
Terry signed a one-year deal at Villa Park last July and made 35 league appearances, the last coming in Saturday's play-off final defeat to Fulham.
A club statement read: "Aston Villa can confirm the club will part company with John Terry.
"We would like to place on record our most sincere thanks for the effort and professionalism he showed with us last season."
The statement on the club's website added: "John is a true leader and was everything and more that we hoped. Hugely popular and influential in the dressing room, he played a real captain's role in creating the incredible bond the players shared with our supporters, and vice-versa.
"We hope he looks back on his time with Villa fondly and we wish him the very best as his career moves forward."
Terry wrote on his Instagram page: "Today I part ways with Aston Villa Football Club. I'm very proud to have had the opportunity to play and captain this great and huge club.
"I have given my everything this year both on and off the pitch and I'm still hurting today that we never managed to get back to the Premier League, where this club 100% belongs.
"I would like to thank Steve Bruce who was instrumental in me joining Villa, I have learnt so much from him as a manger this season that will stay with me forever. Also, I'd like to thank all the staff and players who it was a real pleasure and honour to work with everyday.
(Image: Getty Images Europe)
"Finally, a special thank you to the Villa supporters who have supported us both home and away in their thousands, up and down the country and have been amazing to me on a personal level.
"Villa will always have a place in my heart and I will look back on my time here and think about how close we were to reaching our goal. But now going forward, I would like to wish the management, staff, players and supporters good luck for the future."
Terry is a former Chelsea and England team-mate of Frank Lampard, who is set to become the new Derby County manager.
Would you like to see Terry join the Rams? Vote in our poll below.
Highly rated teenage prospect Etene Nanai-Seturo has shown why he is such an exciting talent.
Nanai-Seturo is at the centre of a dispute between the Warriors and New Zealand Rugby over his services.
The 18-year-old is in action for New Zealand at the Hamilton sevens, where he helped his side to a 57-7 thumping of France in their opening match.
Read more: Live updates: Hamilton sevens
Advertisement
Late in the match, Nanai-Seturo found himself on a break with two other teammates against just one French defender.
After appearing to have butchered an easy pass to a teammate, Nanai-Seturo instead bulldosed his way through they would be tackler and threw the French player to the ground on his way to an easy try.
It was a glimpse into why there is such an intense feud over the teenager's services.
Etene Nanai-Seturo of New Zealand runs away to score a try against France. Photo / Getty Images
To get the day's top sports stories in your inbox, sign up to our newsletter here
/ Front page / News
Update: 5:59PM VODAFONE Fiji under-17 football team will take on Samoa in the OFC U17 FIFA World Cup qualifiers in Tahiti tomorrow.
The Fiji Football Association technical director Ravinesh Kumar said Samoa will be a different side after going down to New Zealand 11-0 on Monday.
The Shalendra Lal coached side was held to a 1-all draw by the Solomon Islands in their first match at the qualifiers.
Fiji needs to finish the tournament in top position to qualify for the FIFA World Cup in India later this year.
Image copyright Stefan Rousseau/PA Wire Image caption The 65,000-tonne ship set sail from Rosyth dockyard in June
The UK's new £3bn aircraft carrier will arrive in its home port on Wednesday, the Royal Navy has confirmed.
HMS Queen Elizabeth is due to sail into Portsmouth at about 07:10 BST following extensive preparations at the naval base.
Weather conditions meant the exact date could not be confirmed until Monday.
The 65,000-tonne ship has been undergoing sea trials since setting sail from Rosyth dockyard in Fife, where it was built, in June.
The 900ft (280m) long carrier cannot currently deploy planes but flying trials are due to begin next year, with 10 F-35 Lightning II jets and 120 aircrews preparing for the task in the US.
It is expected to be the Navy's flagship for the next 50 years.
Preparations for the arrival of the future flagship of the fleet, and its 700 staff, saw more than 20,000 items ranging from a human skull to sea mines dredged up from Portsmouth Harbour.
The Ministry of Defence said specialist dredging vessels had removed 3.2m cubic metres of sediment - the equivalent to 1,280 Olympic swimming pools - during the dredging operation carried out to deepen the harbour mouth to enable the Queen Elizabeth to reach Portsmouth naval base.
In a statement earlier this month, Defence Secretary Sir Michael Fallon heralded the ship's impending arrival, and declared it would be deployed "across the seven seas, using her strike power to deter our enemies".
- Above is the latest Gang Beasts video from Xavier Woods' UpUpDownDown channel with WWE Intercontinental Champion Seth Rollins, SmackDown Tag Team Champion Harper, Konnor and Aiden English.
- WWE Hall of Famer Jake "The Snake" Roberts turns 63 years old today while No Way Jose turns 30.
- After receiving rave reviews for their matches on the recent WWE European tour, it looks like Sin Cara and Andrade "Cien" Almas will be feuding on SmackDown now. Below is their segment from last night's show along with Twitter comments from Cara, Almas and Zelina Vega:
We've been many places, traveled many roads. ??
It's been a long time hermano.
Que no se te olvide! ???????? @AndradeCienWWE pic.twitter.com/zqGm9Tsqdu — Sin Cara (@SinCaraWWE) May 30, 2018
I think about my future!!! https://t.co/zgf6kGZXUe — Andrade Cien Almas (@AndradeCienWWE) May 30, 2018
My future is very bright!!! ?????????????? https://t.co/unhC3gZmPj — Andrade Cien Almas (@AndradeCienWWE) May 30, 2018
Majority of big investors disappointed by hedge fund returns
Financial Times
Already a subscriber? Sign in here
Latest news from Mansfield Magistrates' Court.
Violence
Nathan Ducker, aged 25, of Northfield Close, Sutton, assaulted a woman by beating and was found in possession of cocaine a class A drug. He was fined £316 and ordered to pay £620 in costs and a £30 surcharge.
Graham Binch, 52, of Carnarvon Road, Sutton, used threatening behaviour against a man while serving a community order for harassment. He was given a 12-month suspended sentence with a rehabilitation requirement. He was fined £350 and ordered to pay a surcharge of £115 and costs of £85.
Ross Allsebrook, 36, of Cranmer Grove, Mansfield, assaulted a man by beating. He has been given a community order with rehabilitation requirement and fined £650. He was also ordered to pay £100 in compensation and a £85 surcharge.
Ryan Mason, 34, of Blackwell Road, Huthwaite, assaulted a woman by beating and damaged a side door with the intent to damage or destroy it. He has been conditionally discharged for two years and issued a restraining order to not directly or indirectly contact the woman or go to her address. He was also ordered to pay compensation of £400, costs of £85 and a £20 surcharge.
Ashley Lambley, 30, of Pear Treet Drive, Shirebrook, assaulted a woman by beating while serving a community order. He has been given a community order with a programme requirement and a building better relationships requirement and ordered to pay £250 in costs and a £85 surcharge.
Miscellaneous
Leanne Bonnar, 39, of Lawrence Avenue, Mansfield Woodhouse, caused unnecessary suffering to a dog known as Roxy by failing to address the cause of the animals skin condition or ear infection. She has been conditionally discharged for two years. She has also been disqualified from owning animals for at least five years and ordered to pay costs of £100 and a £20 surcharge.
Robert Palmer, of Lawrence Avenue, Mansfield Woodhouse, caused unnecessary suffering to a dog known as Roxy by failing to address the cause of the animals skin condition or ear infection. He has been conditionally discharged for two years, banned from keeping animals for five years and ordered to pay £100 in costs and a £20 surcharge.
Darren Haynes, 42, of Houfton Road, Mansfield, damaged the interior of a police vehicle at The Hut Pub, A60 Ravenshead and was found guilty of being drunk and disorderly at the same pub on May 1. He was fined £120 and ordered to pay a surcharge of £20 and costs of £85.
Reece Gilbert, 21, of Crompton Street, Teversal, was found going equipped for theft, having on his person a hammer, torch, a pair of gloves and a lock knife. He also breached a community order for an offence of burglary with intent. He has been issued a community order with a programme requirement and unpaid work requirement and ordered to pay a surcharge of £85.
Andrew Kaye, 30, of Clipstone Drive, Forest Town, failed to give identification relating to the driver of a vehicle alleged to have been guilty of an offence. He was fined £660 and ordered to pay costs of £85 and a £66 surcharge.
Aaron Winson, 26, of Thoresby Avenue, Shirebrook, was drunk and disorderly on Clumber Street, Mansfield, He was fined £80 and ordered to pay costs of £85 and a £30 surcharge.
Dwayne Poulter, 22, of Shaftsbury Avenue, Mansfield resisted arrest. He has been fined £120 and ordered to pay a £20 surcharge and £400 in costs.
Theft
Martin Toon, 26, of Outram Street, Sutton, stole items to the value of £51 from B&M Bargains, Stockwell Gate, Mansfield. He has been issued a community order with a rehabilitation requirement. He has also been ordered to pay a surcharge of £85.
Julie Coyle, 36, of Ladybrook Lane, Mansfield, failed to comply with direction and failed to leave Mansfield's Market Place when asked. She was fined £40 and ordered to pay a £30 surcharge.
Karl Hanifin, 32, of Sycamore Road, New Ollerton, on separate occasions stole an Xbox controller and bottle of Disaronno from Tesco in Ollerton. He also took on two other occasions razor blades and mens hair clippers from Boots in Ollerton. He has been given a community order with drug rehabilitation and activity requirement. He was fined £50 and told to pay £85 costs and an £85 surcharge.
Breach
Timothy Wilkinson, 28, of Cowpers Close, Sutton, telephoned and sent two messages to a woman when he was prohibited from doing so by a restraining order. He has been sentenced to prison for 24 weeks and ordered to pay a victim surcharge of £115.
Terrence Dixon, 33, of Clare Road, Sutton, failed to comply with the requirements of a community order. He must carry out a rehabilitation requirement and was ordered to pay costs of £60.
Craig Robertson, 41, of Terrace Road, Mansfield, camped in Mansfield town centre which prohibited from doing sp by a criminal behaviour order. He has been committed to prison for 42 days and ordered to pay a surcharge of £115.
Damage
James Kelly-Hall, 24, of Stevenson Close, Ollerton, damaged a large flat screen TV belonging to a woman with intent to damage of destroy the property. He has been conditionally discharged for 24 months and ordered to pay a surcharge of £20 and £85 in costs.
Motoring
Mark Cheeseman, 54, of Burlington Drive, Mansfield, drove a Volkswagen Polo on Burlington Drive without the correct licence and insurance. He was fined £120 and ordered to pay costs of £50 and a £30 surcharge. His driving licence was also endorsed six points.
Aaron Rhodes, 23, of Mansfield Road, Sutton, failed to comply with a red light on Portland Street, Mansfield, and did not have the correct licence. He also drove on Yorke Street, Mansfield Woodhouse, without the correct insurance and licence. He has been given nine points on his licence, fined £660 and told to pay a surcharge of £66 and costs of £85.
Peter Bryan, 28, of Rosefinch Way, Forest Town, exceeded a 30 miles per hour speed limit by driving at 42mph on the A60. He was fined £100 and ordered to pay costs of £85 and a £20 surcharge. His licence was endorsed by four points.
Benjamin Holloway, 36, of Aylesbury Way, Forest Town, drove while under the influence of alcohol breathing 75 micrograms of alcohol in 100 mililetres of breath, exceeding the legal limit of 35mcg. He has been disqualified from driving for 21 months, fined £120, and told to pay £85 in costs and a £30 surcharge.
Vasile Pipina, 41, of Cromwell Street, Mansfield, drove on Rosemary Street and St Peter's Way, Mansfield, without a licence, without due care and attention and without insurance. He was banned from driving for six months, fined £300 and told to pay £85 costs and a £30 surcharge.
Drugs
Natasha Taylor, 30 of Kingfisher Way, Sutton, was found with opiates and cocaine in her system. She was given a six-month conditional discharge and told to pay a £20 surcharge. She has been banned from driving for six months, fined £300 and told to pay costs of £85.
Laurie Hedgecock, 51, of Granby passed away Sept. 30, 2017, at her home, with her family by her side, after battling cancer. Laurie was born Aug. 6, 1966, in Midland, Mich., to Gerard "Jerry" and Elizabeth "Libby" Teitsma. She married Paul Hedgecock June 14, 1992 at the Grand Lake Lodge.
Laurie and Paul have worked hard running their business, Highland Marina, on beautiful Lake Granby, for the past three decades. Laurie loved life. In her spare time, Laurie enjoyed boating, traveling with the fifth wheel, warm beaches, riding horses, and spending time with friends and family. She especially enjoyed Lake Powell, where she will take one final trip with friends and family sometime during warm weather. Laurie also had a huge passion for all animals. She loved her pack of mini-Aussies, who she actively bred, creating many happy canine families over the years.
She is survived by her husband, Paul Hedgecock, daughter, Kaitlyn Hedgecock, son, Kiffer Hedgecock; her parents, Jerry and Libby Teitsma; her in-laws, Polly and Harn Hedgecock, who are all local to Granby; and by her sister and brother-in-law, Susie and Carl Damon, niece Sophie, and nephew Ben, of Centennial.
In lieu of flowers, the family suggests donations in Laurie's name to Northwest Colorado Health, 940 Central Park Dr., Suite 101, Steamboat Springs, CO 80487, who provided outstanding hospice care to Laurie and her family during her last few months of life.
A memorial service will be held at 1 p.m. on Saturday, Oct. 21 at Mustachio's on the Lake in Grand Lake.
http://www.grandcountymortuary.com.
The Santa Barbara Police Department deployed its bomb squad Saturday afternoon after a suspicious package was found outside police headquarters at 215 E. Figueroa St. The contents of the package were later determined to be harmless.
Police Lt. Jim Pfleging said the package was discovered about 12:30 p.m. Saturday adjacent to the police station's east entrance. He said there was no way to identify what was inside the package, which appeared to have cryptic writing on the outside.
The bomb squad was dispatched and, around 4 p.m., determined that the package contained only “an odd assortment of personal items,” according to Pfleging.
During the incident, police officers contacted neighboring residents to ask that they either evacuate or remain indoors while the bomb squad was at work. Pfleging said one resident told officers that he had seen a woman who was about 50 years old leave the package and then depart.
As a result of the witness statements and a review of the package's contents, officers determined no crime had been committed, Pfleging said.
There were no injuries in the incident and the police station remained open throughout the operation.
— Noozhawk publisher Bill Macfadyen can be reached at .(JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address) . Follow Noozhawk on Twitter: @noozhawk. Connect with Noozhawk on Facebook.
This story is about Published 1h
MLB draft central: Everything you need to know about the Texas Rangers' picks, draft history Share This Story On... Twitter
Facebook
Email
Smiley N. Pool/Staff Photographer Texas Rangers general manager Jon Daniels watches Cuban outfield Julio Pablo Martinez hit during a tryout game during a camp at the Rangers' Dominican Republic baseball academy complex on Monday, Jan. 22, 2018, in Boca Chica, Dominican Republic. (Smiley N. Pool/The Dallas Morning News)
By SportsDayDFW.com Contact SportsDayDFW.com on Twitter: @SportsDayDFW
The one-stop shop for Texas Rangers fans on the upcoming MLB draft... MLB draft days Day 1: Monday, June 4
Day 2: Tuesday, June 5
Day 3: Wednesday, June 6
How to follow: The MLB Network and MLB.com will carry the first day. The final two days will be on MLB.com. Format: The first round opens at 6 p.m. On the first day, a total of 78 picks will be made. The second day begins at noon and will consist of rounds 3-10. The final day starts at 11 a.m. and will consist of rounds 11 through 40. Rangers' picks Round 1: Pick 15
Round 2: Pick 55
Round 3: Pick 91
Rounds 4-40: No. 15 pick of round
Bonus pool money Each pick in the first 10 rounds of the draft has an assigned signing bonus value, and the total for each of a club's selections equals what it can spend in those rounds without incurring a penalty. Any bonus money above $125,000 given to an individual player picked in rounds 11-40 also counts against a team's allotment. Total allotments
1. Royals: $12,781,900
2. Rays: $12,415,600
3. Tigers: $12,414,800
...
10. A's: $9,553,200
...
20. Mariners: $7,555,200
21. Cubs: $7,517,100
22. Rangers: $7,356,000
23. Angels: $6,984,400
...
29. Astros: $5,492,900
30. Dodges: $5,88,200 Must-read story on Rangers scouts
/
The men tasked with building the Texas Rangers have juggled recent tragedy with a difficult lifestyle. Evan Grant chronicles the life of an MLB amateur scout. Here's a little taste of what you can read: The amateur scouts are an organization's everyman. They are everywhere, yet rarely seen. They spend their careers an island, preaching the principles of a team they rarely, if ever, see live. It is not an easy life. They work ridiculous travel schedules that strain family lives all in pursuit of making the right call on players. Take one five-day stretch of Fagg's schedule last April as he started taking final looks at players. He went from Tucson to Memphis to Valdosta, Ga., to San Diego and back across the country to Tampa. It is not an easy life. He also scooted out to see eventual first-rounder Bubba Thompson, whom the Rangers sent eight different people to evaluate over the course of his senior season.
The men tasked with building the Texas Rangers have juggled recent tragedy with a difficult lifestyle. It's the life of an MLB amateur scout.
I reckon Auckland and Blues rugby have a race issue.
Well, that's one of my many theories, with Charles Piutau and now Steven Luatua deciding to fly the coop before their careers hit top gear.
Look at the similarities of those who have or are quitting New Zealand rugby before the job was done ... Francis Saili ... Frank Halai ... Charlie Faumuina ... Piutau ... Luatua.
Yes, Blues players and Polynesians. Something tells me something is very wrong.
And before you say that Faumuina is 30, compare his attitude to that of the 34-year-old Crusader prop Wyatt Crockett who is signed up until the end of next year.
"Canterbury, the Crusaders and the All Blacks have been my teams since day one," Crockett reckoned. "I can't imagine ever pulling on the jersey for any other teams, so I always knew that I would be playing out my rugby career here."
Luatua gave a fascinating glimpse of the cultural influences involved, when he talked about the desire to provide for his family and give the "next generation of Luatuas" better opportunities.
On the face of it, his decision to join a bum team at Bristol is absolutely nuts. It's like Adele singing with Yoko Ono.
It's like anybody singing with Yoko Ono.
And yet, he's gone and done it, and apparently All Blacks coach Steve Hansen didn't even get the chance to talk him around.
Continued below.
Related Content Rugby: All Blacks return for Highlanders Rugby: All Blacks hooker targets April return All Blacks skipper Kieran Read ready for Lions challenge
Yes, yes. We Aucklanders have to take some responsibility.
The Blues are a mess and have been for a while, but rugby HQ in Wellington and the central contract system is the real problem. They aren't on Auckland's page.
Hey look, this being Auckland, we'd probably stuff it up anyway.
But we'd like to stuff it up our way and get a chance to value players for what we think they are worth.
The thing is, Auckland is an international city. We don't like being run from Wellington.
We're funny like that, just like Manchester United wouldn't want to be run by a mob in London (or America, as it turned out) and the Green Bay Packers would rather blow up Lambeau Field than let a consortium in Chicago tell them what to do.
Call us old romantics. Call us whatever you like - and you do.
But until they give our rugby team back to us, we basically don't give a stuff about it and nor do a lot of the players quite clearly, I believe.
In the case of players like Piutau and Luatua, it would be so exciting if Auckland had the power to keep them, rather than rely on a central contract system based on All Black ratings.
To state the blindingly obvious, Steve Tew and his one-size-fits-all way of running the domestic scene hasn't worked in Auckland. So why do they keep running it the same way, when the major market is a major stuff-up?
Auckland has to play by everybody else's rules, instead of being allowed to act like a big city. We're an odd mob, but being a branch office - an out-of-favour-one at that - doesn't turn us on.
The Blues can't even keep a star player and current All Black in the prime of his young life away from a bog-standard English club. Next thing, the Bognor Regis Pebbles will announce they've got Rieko Ioane.
I'm quite prepared to play the race card or any other card that might explain what should be the unexplainable. It seems Old White Dude World down at rugby HQ hasn't got a clue about the largest Polynesian city in the world.
Yes, New Zealand, we're different up here. What's wrong with different?
When rugby was actually great in this country, Waikato and Christchurch and Wellington were the enemy. The thought of Wellington effectively running Auckland rugby makes me puke.
All we want is a flamboyant team that might win a title now and then, something that reflects the place we live in, rather than being the waste that spews out of a national crusade.
Silly us ... but that's us.
- NZ Herald
Source: Hannibal TV
WWE Hall Of Famer Road Warrior Animal was recently interviewed by Hannibal TV to give his current thoughts on the WWE Tag Team division and the new 205 Live show. Here's what he had to say:
"I don't mind Big Cass, the guy that does the New York gimmick. They're pretty good and kinda funny. They need to learn how to wrestle first. Everybody asks me about the new guys that Paul Ellering's with. Really great teacher, that's all I'm gonna say. They got a lot of polishing up to do before they even think about going up to WWE, and the WWE knows that and that's why they're not there. The Ascension needs to quit trying to be the Road Warriors. They're never going to be the Road Warriors. No way, shape, form, build, action, wrestling will beat Road Warriors. Leave it alone, leave it alone, that's my advice to them, just leave it alone! Cause if they were doing the gimmick I wouldn't try and copy them. I don't care what the office would say, I'd say look man that ain't right. The Road Warriors are in a league of their own, why can't we talk about it? They need to let it go."
See Also Road Warrior Animal Reacts To Paige's Leaked Photos
Thoughts on 205 Live:
"I think they're doing that because - they're doing a lot more in the UK. I think the UK attendance is way better in the US from what I hear. I got a lot of buddies - I go to the UK a lot so I hear about it all the time. A lot of times it's not believable that the little guys at 200 pounds can beat the big guys. It's not. There's very few Daniel Bryan's in this world. He was a freak in our business. Very few Rey Mysterio's in this world. The people that believe that. But you have to be able to perform to believe that. I think it's a good class for small guys to do things and we'll see how it goes. It may last for a while or it may just be a short-term thing."
If you use any of the quotes in this article, please credit Hannibal TV with an H/T to Wrestling Inc. for the transcription.
Got a news tip or correction? Send it to us by clicking here.
The City of Aiken is giving Paces Run Apartments an ultimatum: clean up or shut down.
Paces Run is well-known as a center of violence in the city. Over the past twenty-four months, ten shootings have taken place there. Of the three murders in the City of Aiken over those twenty-four months, two of them were in Paces Run Apartments. A press release from the City of Aiken calls the apartment complex "an island of chaos in an otherwise safe community."
On Thursday, Oct. 5, City Manager John C. Klimm sent a communication to Hampton House Apartments Housing Management Inc., the management company that operates Paces Run. In the letter, he tells the company, “In order for you to avoid having your business license suspended and/or revoked you must supply me with a proposed plan of action to address the reduction of criminal activity at Paces Run within 30 days of receipt of this letter.”
Also in the letter, Klimm lists some statistics about incident reports at the apartment complex. 435 calls were made to Public Safety, which generated 135 incident reports. The crimes listed in the reports include discharging guns in the city, drug violations, assault, theft, sexual offenses, destruction of property, trespassing, burglary, robbery, and murder.
The letter culminates with the insistence that if the management company does not provide the city with a plan to reduce criminal activity within thirty days, the city will revoke the complex's business license.
Mayor Rick Osbon announced earlier in 2017 that Aiken Public Safety would implement a program called AikenStat to collate real-time crime date to help law enforcement target problem areas in the city. The focus on Paces Run Apartments is an example of that guidance.
“This is a perfect example of what City Manager John Klimm and Chief Charles Barranco have been working toward,” says Osbon. “There are a lot of good people and families living in Paces Run and they need and deserve a safe neighborhood free from fear. Now we have the hard numbers readily available to prove our case as we hold the owners of this property accountable for what is happening there.”
Copyright 2017 WFXG. All rights reserved.
Japan 2 All Whites 1
The Whites fell minutes short of a morale-boosting draw against Japan overnight, losing 2-1 in Nagoya.
After the hosts opened the scoring from the penalty spot early in the second half, New Zealand equalised with a 57th-minute Chris Wood header and looked like holding on until conceding an 87th-minute goal from close range.
The match was a dress rehearsal for New Zealand's World Cup playoff against the fifth-best South American side in five weeks. There were positives but also areas where improvement is needed to have any hope of reaching next year's finals in Russia.
Advertisement
Ranked 40th in the world, Japan have long been one of Asia's top teams and were among the first countries to qualify for Russia, their sixth successive finals.
But for New Zealand, ranked 113th, their as-yet unknown South American opponents will represent a step up in class. The candidates for next month's playoffs are Argentina (ranked 4th), Chile (9), Colombia (10), Peru (12) and Paraguay (39).
Japan deserved the win on the balance of play but if faced with a similar scenario against the South Americans, an inability to close out the games will result in elimination for the Whites.
New Zealand again looked vulnerable on the flanks, were ragged late in the game as Japan pressed for a winner, were surprisingly caught out with long balls over the top in the first half, and also need to improve their crossing and set-piece delivery.
But on the plus side, coach Anthony Hudson can be happy his side enjoyed lengthy spells of possession and territory through the middle half of the game against technically capable opponents.
The Whites started tentatively, sitting deep and almost inviting Japan to attack. The hosts dominated possession and territory in the opening quarter but spurned several scoring opportunities. The best fell to Shinji Kagawa in the eighth minute, with the former Manchester United midfielder now at Dortmund putting his shot from near the penalty spot against the outside of the post.
New Zealand grew into the game, improving as the half progressed, although creating just one chance of note, Wood blazing over the crossbar after running on to a curled pass over the top from Kosta Barbarouses.
Japan opened the scoring three minutes into the second half. Yuya Osako converted a penalty awarded for a shot driven against the hand of Andrew Durante, who continued to protest the decision on the way back to the restart until he was booked.
New Zealand's response was heartening, dominating territory and threatening with a series of Michael Boxall long throws from the left. That period of pressure culminated in the equaliser, with Marco Rojas crossing from the right for Wood to head in at the far post.
The goal was the Burnley striker's 24th for the Whites, moving him to second equal with Shane Smeltz on New Zealand's all-time scorers' list, behind only Vaughan Coveny's 28.
Japan finished strongly and took the lead when a cross was headed back into the six-yard box and Shu Karata stooped to nod in the winner. The Whites appealed for a penalty for handball a couple of minutes later but were otherwise unable to threaten a second equaliser.
Attention now turns to the final round of South American qualifiers on Wednesday, when New Zealand will finally learn the identity of their playoff opponents.
BLUE SPRINGS (AP) — A Missouri man is charged with second-degree murder in the death of a Kansas man outside a restaurant.
Jackson County prosecutors charged 24-year-old John Dewayne Jeffries of Raytown on Thursday in the death of Clinton Peckman, of Paola, Kansas, who had gone to the area to work.
Investigators say Peckman was shot while he was inside a work van parked near the Bethlehem Cafe in Blue Springs.
Jeffries also is charged with first-degree robbery and two counts of armed criminal action. He allegedly tried to carjack a vehicle from another couple before he was found and arrested.
Visit the Manhattan Public Library this Saturday from 10:00 a.m. to noon for games, trivia, and activities for all ages during Star Wars Reads Day!
Crafts and activities will include trivia, Jedi training with bubbles, and a cosplay panel discussion. Costumes are encouraged and participants are invited to join the cosplay/costume parade which will take place at 11:15 AM. Door prizes will be awarded to several lucky attendees! You must be present at the time of the drawing to win.
At 12:00 PM, enjoy a movie screening on the auditorium's recently updated audio visual system courtesy of Capital Federal Savings Bank and Reddi Systems.
For more information visit the Manhattan Public Library at 629 Poyntz Avenue, call (785) 776-4741 or visit the library's website at www.MHKLibrary.org. Find the library on Facebook, Twitter, and Instagram, too.
JEFFERSON CITY, Mo. (AP) — The Latest on the resignation of Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens (all times local):
9 a.m.
St. Louis Circuit Attorney Kim Gardner is planning to explain the resolution of criminal charges against Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens.
Gardner's news conference is scheduled for 10:30 a.m. Wednesday.
Advertisement
She said Tuesday that her office has reached a "fair and just resolution" on charges of tampering with a computer against Greitens.
Greitens announced the same day that he is resigning as governor, effective Friday.
A felony indictment in February accused Greitens of taking an unauthorized and compromising photo of a St. Louis woman during an extramarital affair in 2015.
The charge was dropped earlier this month, but Jackson County prosecutor Jean Peters Baker was appointed special prosecutor to consider whether to refile it.
Baker said in a statement that the investigation is ongoing.
___
8:30 a.m.
On a dreary overcast day, Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens stood in a light rain near the Governor's Mansion and recounted his grueling training as a Navy SEAL officer to suggest he would never quit fighting allegations of sexual misconduct and campaign finance violations.
Less than two weeks later, Greitens announced Tuesday that he is quitting with his mission incomplete.
Greitens' departure will become official at 5 p.m. Friday — marking a stunning political defeat for the 44-year-old, self-made warrior-philosopher who had aspirations of someday becoming president.
For those fellow Republicans who had strenuously urged his resignation, Greitens' exit provides the divided party a chance to reunify at the start of a summer campaign season in which it's seeking to unseat Democratic U.S. Sen. Claire McCaskill.
More Videos
3:17 TNT's Gregg Bell, Dave Boling on Lions coming to Seahawks in Saturday's playoff opener
1:25 Straightforward Richard Sherman after Seahawks win at SF
1:47 Michael Bennett thinks Seahawks are A-OK for the playoffs
5:23 Gregg Bell and Dave Boling on whether Seahawks are equipped for playoff run
1:52 Bobby Wagner says Seahawks changed run fits on D to change game at SF
1:38 Russell Wilson on Seahawks "7-foot-2" Jimmy Graham's box-out catch in win at SF
1:10 Frank Clark on fumble recovery, double-digit sack season for Seahawks
3:38 Pete Carroll was "in outer space" pulling Seahawks starters out early at SF
1:52 Doug Baldwin on his catch that revived Seahawks at SF, another 10-win season
2:09 Offensive coordinator Darrell Bevell on Seahawks' inconsistencies
4:04 Russell Wilson thinks Seahawks' offense 'is not that far away'
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Wolves were held to a frustrating 0-0 draw with Sunderland in a match that fans attending the game will have been expecting to see three points from.
It should have been routine, but Sunderland arrived with a gameplan and Wolves simply couldn't break them down.
Steve Wollaston gives his verdict on the players...
John Ruddy - Had to deal with some treacherous inswinging corners from Sunderland that curled right into his line. He kept his stature and safe-handling throughout and had good distribution. It wasn't a busy day for him, he is getting used to that. 6
Barry Douglas - Firmly becoming a crowd favourite and even has his own chant now. Not bad for a wing-back. It's easy to see why though, industrious to a fault, precision passing and a very important part of the creative process. Made way for Costa on 75 minutes. 6
Conor Coady - Rarely puts a foot wrong. calm passing, quick control. He is the ideal man to have in the commanding central role and his midfield schooling means he brings with it something a little different. In truth, another quiet display from one of the centre backs. 6
Ryan Bennett - Another solid display from Bennett at the back. None of the centre backs in reality had that much to do, when called upon, they did there job efficiently. There was probably an argument for pushing one of them, slightly higher up. 6
Willy Boly - He always looks very casual to me, but somehow he never looks flustered. He is becoming a rock at the back for this Wolves team and his work going forwards was as solid as his defending. 7
Matt Doherty - Didn't do anything wrong, it was a game where 70% of the play went Wolves way and the defence did their job where they had to. It was a quieter game for Doherty. Combined well down the right-hand side to support the attack. 7
Ruben Neves - Another display of slick passing, quick thinking and creativity. Nef pulls all of the strings in the Wolves midfield and kickstarts every move. His work off the ball is as good as that on it. When a player looks to find him, he is always there. That's as much a mark of a quality player as any killer pass. That said, he was caught out in possession a couple of times and he is lucky that it didn't cost Wolves. He also hit a number of high, wide and handsome shots from outside the box. That sees him get a 6 from me instead of a 7 .
Romain Saiss - Less static than Neves and another key cog in the Wolves midfield. He follows the play where it is going and is happy out on the left or the right. He adds flexibility to the rigid positioning of Neves and it works well for the system that the team are playing. Unlucky to be substituted in my eyes, he had a good game. 7
Ivan Cavaleiro - When you are keeping a player like Helder Costa out of the team, you have to be doing something right. Cavaleiro is a constant threat to defences with his pace and trickery. You fancy Wolves on the break every time he makes a run or has the ball at his feet. Went missing in the later stages. 7
Diogo Jota - A quiet start and a couple of half chances wasted in the first half. After a deft through ball from the outside of the Neves boot, he drilled well wide when he should have tested the keeper. Kicked from pillar to post, it was that that put Sunderland down to ten men. Lee Cattermole took him out with with a late challenge and received a second yellow. 7
Leo Bonatini - Wasted a moment of brilliance from Cavaleiro to shoot well wide when the wide man squared it. He could and should have taken a touch and done much better. A very quiet day from the Brazilian and he was largely unnoticed in a game that was crying out for him. 6
Formation: Wolves 3-4-3
SUBS:
N'Diaye for Saiss: Little impact from the man who took over from Neves against Blues. He was introduced to bring some energy into the game but he became an inevitable part of a very forgetable encounter. 6
Costa - Douglas: We are only seeing Costa in glimpses but I think we might see him start the next game. He looked lively in the very few touches he had. Wolves need a spark in the next game and he could be the answer. Not much of chance to impress. 7
Referee: Jeremy Simpson
Attendance: 28,488
WOLVES: Ruddy, Bennett, Coady, Boly, Doherty, Saiss (N'Diaye 68), Neves, Douglas (Costa 75), Cavaleiro, Bonatini, Jota. Subs not used: Norris, Batth, Price, Enobakhare, Vinagre
BOOKED: Douglas
SUNDERLAND: Ruiter, Love (Galloway 79), Browning, O'Shea, Wilson, Matthews, Gooch (Embleton 90), Cattermole, Honeyman, Gibson, Grabban (Vaughan 84). Subs not used: Steele, McGeady, Asoro, Beadling
BOOKED: Wilson, Cattermole, Browning
LONDON (AP) — Snow and wintry weather are still wreaking havoc on travelers in Britain, with flights cancelled, roads sheathed in ice and rail travel disrupted.
With temperatures dropping overnight as low as minus 11.6 Celsius (11 degrees Fahrenheit), hundreds of schools were closed Monday. Europe's largest airport, Heathrow, warned Monday that some flights would be cancelled as it cleared the backlog of flights delayed by Sunday's snowfall.
Heathrow asked travelers to check with their airlines. In the world of interconnected air travel, any extended disruption quickly leaves planes and flight crews out of position, knocking them out of rotation for their next assignments.
National Rail said poor weather conditions are affecting travel across England and Wales. Trains on Chiltern Railways, CrossCountry, Great Western, and Virgin Trains will all also be affected.
Dallas Cowboys wide receiver Dez Bryant (88) talks with former Dallas Cowboys player Michael Irvin after the afternoon practice at Dallas Cowboys training camp in Oxnard, California on July 24, 2013. (Vernon Bryant/The Dallas Morning News)
Editor's note: Over the summer, SportsDay attempted to figure out the best Dallas Cowboys players at each position. This examination of the team's best wide receivers ever holds up as Dallas prepares for a playoff run.
The Dallas Cowboys' organization is one of great success and has an illustrious history. There have been some big names who have worn jerseys for America's Team.
Out of all of the wide receivers in franchise history, who was the best? That's what our panel of writers and columnists tried to determine.
Voters each named their top five wide receivers. A first-place vote counted for five points, second place gets four points, third place gets three points and so on.
Those who listed their top five players include Brandon George, Kate Hairopoulos, David Moore, Jon Machota, Tim Cowlishaw, Rick Gosselin and Kevin Sherrington.
Here's how they broke it down:
Previous installments: LBs | QBs | CBs | Safeties | Special teams | D-Line | O-Line | WRs
1. Michael Irvin, 35 points (7 first-place votes)
CARSON CITY, NV--(Marketwired - Apr 18, 2017) - Turbo Global Partners (TURBO), trading as DIBZ International, Inc. ( OTC PINK : DIBZ), has announced it has acquired two niche video production companies, Avant-Garde Productions, LLC and Zane Kuhle Studios, Inc.
Robert Singerman, CEO of TURBO, states, "To support our go-to-market strategy of our global license of the OnNow TV® WEB Television platform and better serve our diversified interests, we have acquired two full-service niche video production companies, Avant-Garde Productions, LLC (AVANT-GARDE) and Zane Kuhle Studios, Inc. (KUHLE STUDIOS). Both of these stellar companies have served the needs of our wholly-owned subsidiary Turbo Communications, Inc. as lead vendors during the 3-year beta-phase of OnNow TV®, and now we can seamlessly integrate this company's capabilities and experience into our business plan resulting in a media and communications group."
"We've been working with Turbo Communications, Inc. since 2009 and it's awesome to join the TURBO family," states Zane Kuhle, President of ZANE KUHLE. Bernardo Suarez, Managing Member of AVANT-GARDE agrees: "We worked with Turbo Communications, Inc. during the 3-year beta-phase of OnNow TV® which included helping produce content for: Pharmacist Nation TV Network (www.OnNowTV.com/9372), TURBO's launch global telethons for Human and Child Trafficking Awareness (www.OnNowTV.com/911), and Autism-spectrum Awareness (www.OnNowTV.com/9129) and the WEB TV telethon for TOUCH VODKA raising monies for Hard Rock Charities, Tampa (www.OnNowTV.com/9140). I agree with Zane, we are both joining TURBO at the right time to help them better support both existing communications needs of their current business portfolio and help grow and support new business opportunities."
Robert Singerman continues, "Acquiring both AVANT-GARDE and ZANE KUHLE are acquisitions that will help TURBO grow as a diversified investment management company that partners with companies that generate long-term renewable predictable cash-flow anywhere in the world."
About DIBZ International, Inc. ("DIBZ") dba TURBO GLOBAL PARTNERS, Inc.
TURBO is a diversified investment management company that partners with companies that generate long-term renewable predictable cash-flow anywhere in the world.
Statements made in this press release that express the Company or management's intentions, plans, beliefs, expectations or predictions of future events, are forward-looking statements. The words "believe," "expect," "intend," "estimate," "anticipate," "will" and similar expressions are intended to further identify such forward-looking statements, although not all forward-looking statements contain these identifying words. Those statements are based on many assumptions and are subject to many known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that could cause the Company's actual activities, results or performance to differ materially from those anticipated or projected in such forward-looking statements. The Company cannot guarantee future financial results; levels of activity, performance or achievements and investors should not place undue reliance on the Company's forward-looking statements. No information contained in this press release should be construed as any indication whatsoever of the Company's future financial performance, future revenues or its future stock price. The forward-looking statements contained herein represent the judgment of the Company as of the date of this press release, and the Company expressly disclaims any intent, obligation or undertaking to update or revise such forward-looking statements to reflect any change in the Company's expectations with regard thereto or any change in events, conditions or circumstances on which any such statements are based.
Three young Co Clare men appeared in court on Wednesday in connection with 10 alleged sexual offences against two teenage girls.
At Ennis District Court, two of the accused, one aged 19 years and the other aged 20 years, were charged with the rape of a 17-year-old-girl on December 27th, 2016 at a house in Ennis.
The 19-year-old is also charged with the sexual assault of the 17-year-old - then aged 16 — on the same date at the same location.
The second alleged female victim in the case, aged 17 years, was under the age of 17 at the time of the alleged offences.
The 20-year-old is also facing five separate charges of having sex with a girl under the age of 17, contrary to Section 3 of the Criminal Law Rape Amendment Act.
Those five offences are alleged to have occurred on December 27th, 2016 at an Ennis address and on July 30th, July 31st and August 1st, 2016 at addresses in Co Westmeath.
A third male, also aged 20, is charged with having sex with a girl under the age of 17 at an address in north Clare on December 27th, 2016.
He is also charged with having sex with a girl under the age of 17 at an address in Co Westmeath, on July 30th, 2016.
In total, one of the 20-year-olds is facing six charges, and the second 20-year-old and the 19-year-old are facing two charges each.
The court was told that all three made no reply when charged and cautioned with the offences.
Judge Patrick Durcan remanded two of the men in custody with consent to bail to July 11th and the third man in custody to this Friday to clarify an issue around his passport.
One of the men and his mother embraced before he was led away by gardaí out of court.
Insp Tom Kennedy told the court the men are a flight risk and requested that their passports be surrendered to gardaí.
In respect of the two 20-year-olds, they recently applied for a visa to study overseas and their passports are with an overseas embassy in Dublin.
The judge ordered that all three surrender their passports as part of their bail conditions.
The other bail conditions specify that the three have no contact with the alleged injured parties and that they sign on twice a week at their local Garda station.
BERLIN (AP) " Instead of bombs there were beats. Guitars took over for guns. And there were cheers, not screams. But Aleppo was never far from the minds of the band Musiqana and the crowd at its record release concert in Berlin.
"I didn't know if I should cry or be happy," said Samaa Hijazi, a 20-year-old medical student has been in Germany about five years but grew up in Syria. "I was thinking about the times my father sang these songs. I sang them together with my brother. And they are all still in Syria."
Lead singer Abdallah Rahhal, 28, is an Aleppo native, and the band's music is the city's version of Arab Tarab, a traditional Arab music often referred to as "musical euphoria," with emotional and poetic lyrics.
They've been working on the five-track, self-produced recording called "The Beautiful One" since forming as a band in January, but almost called off the release party, saying it didn't feel right to celebrate and dance while the humanitarian disaster in and around Aleppo continued.
But in the end, they decided it was better to go ahead with the performance on Dec. 18, bringing their Tarab songs, known to most in the Arab world, to a European audience.
"Every day there is tragedy, and every day we play music," said guitar player Adel Sabawi, who is from Damascus. "We came here not to make the people happy but we have a message: it is true that we are displaced, but we have music, and we have traditional music, and we try to bring it here."
The five band members are all recent arrivals, part of a wave of hundreds of thousands who have made their way to Germany over the past two years. They met at an event called "refugees in concert," and have since played more than two dozen concerts as a band, the largest one with the Berlin Philharmonic orchestra in front of 1,500 people.
The record release concert drew a mix of Germans and Syrians to a 1920s venue that used to be a silent film cinema before becoming a vegetable warehouse in what was once East Berlin.
Many Germans had come to learn more about the Syrian culture of the migrants that are living next to them.
"I was simply curious," said Heike Winter after the concert. "I wanted to get to know these people and their music. And I'm really happy that they brought their culture here."
Rahhal said the last 12 months has provided the band the opportunity to "tell the German people about our culture. About our music. About how we make parties."
He says he also hopes interacting with his German hosts will help them see him and his bandmates as something other than refugees.
"Refugee, that's not my name. And it is not my work. I'm a singer. I'm a Syrian man," he said. "But the problem is that my situation is that I'm a refugee. It is only the situation."
UFC commentator Joe Rogan recently discussed the upcoming CM Punk vs. Mike Jackson UFC 225 match on his Joe Rogan Experience podcast. Rogan stated that, unlike Gall, Punk is now fighting someone who is commensurated talent, being a fellow beginner in martial arts. He stated that facing Gall was a "foolish venture," and is a very good lesson to people who are "fans of positive thinking and think that is enough."
"That s--t is not enough," said Rogan. "If you're 110 pounds, you can positive think your way to the bank. Francis Ngannou is still gonna punch your brains out. There's just no way around it. And a guy who has really very little experience in martial arts and has rudimentary control of his body, I mean that's what I saw when I saw him training. When I saw him training I thought, 'oh my God. This guy is gonna get killed.'"
See Also Dana White On CM Punk Criticism
Although Rogan felt that competing against Gall in his first match was a bad idea, facing Jackson is a better fit. Still, he feels that Punk vs. Jackson should be "in some amateur event somewhere," because both are amateurs learning to compete. Rogan also felt that CM Punk approached his fight with Gall as if it was a pro wrestling fight.
"What was really weird watching him walk to the cage is that he was approaching it like a pro wrestling fight," said Rogan. "Cuz he had done so many of these pro wrestling matches, that he was walking to the cage with pro wrestling mannerisms. While I was watching this, I did like an internal head shake like 'ah f--k.' It was a terrible idea. Whoever on his side said you can fight Mickey Gall, you're out of your f**king mind. Watch that kid fight once. That kid is very good on the ground."
Rogan added that although Brock Lesnar also came from WWE, his situation was much different than Punk, because he came from an amateur wrestling background that he was able to use as an advantage. However, because Punk started to compete in his 30s, it's a "different animal," and starting an MMA career at the point in his life may on such a big stage may not be a good decision.
If any of these quotes are used, please be sure to credit the Joe Rogan Experience with a h/t to Wrestling Inc. for the transcription.
Source: The Joe Rogan Experience
Heath-care reform among the topics of discussion as guests enjoy an afternoon of 'Coming Together and Being Together'
[Click here for a Noozhawk photo gallery from the event.]
There was a strong feeling of togetherness at the second annual African American Women of Santa Barbara County luncheon, “Coming Together and Being Together,” held at Fess Parker's DoubleTree Resort, where more than 70 women celebrated the bonds of sisterhood.
“The theme this year is about connecting and reconnecting as sisters in our community,” event co-chair Wendy Sims-Moten said. “This is the second annual, and I continue to be motivated because I continue to see women who say we need to be together because sometimes we find ourselves the only ones on our jobs and in different places and we don't have anyone to share that experience with so that's really, really important.”
The stylish guests were dressed in a blend of business attire and Sunday dress, and eagerly arrived at the hotel for a celebratory event that commenced with lively welcome remarks from Sims-Moten and a spirited invocation by Margaret Young that was followed by an introductory candlelight ceremony performed by Toni Busby.
Busby held a lighted long-stemmed candle in her right hand as she walked around the room lighting the centerpiece candle on each table, and at each table asked the guests to stand and introduce themselves to the energized crowd.
Vivian Scarborough, who attended the luncheon with her daughter and caregiver and was celebrating her 107th birthday, beamed as she looked around the room with her seasoned sparkling brown eyes proclaiming, “I am so happy to be here.”
After a round of salutations, Sims-Moten asked the crowd of onlookers to raise their glasses for a celebratory toast that was followed by some key topics.
Black women's physical health and health-care reform was a topic of discussion during the luncheon and keynote speakers Caroline Felton and Lawanda Lyons-Pruitt, president of the Santa Maria-Lompoc Branch of the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People (NAACP), shared vital information pertaining to the Affordable Care Act.
As of 2010, the health reform law requires insurers to cover preventive services for women at no cost to consumers, and services provided under the ACA include free diabetes and cancer screening, flu shots and vaccinations.
Lyons-Pruitt added that the new health-care benefits for women went into effect in August 2012, and that under the ACA women with private insurance are now eligible to receive no-cost well-woman visits, contraceptive services, domestic violence screening, counseling and more.
Additionally, in 2014, the ACA is launching the Health Benefit Exchange, a nationwide database designed to assist individuals, low-income families and small businesses and their employees choose health-care plans from providers that offer high-quality and affordable health care.
The ACA ensures that women and their families receive affordable health insurance and preventive services and benefits and, “no one should be deprived of proper healthcare, regardless of the circumstance,” Lyons-Pruitt said.
Sojourner Kincaid-Rolle, playwright, community activist and poet, shared a poem from her first full-length collection of poems, Black Street, published by the Center for Black Studies Research in 2009.
“One of the two poems I decided to read today is called ‘Where the Children Gather,'” Kincaid-Rolle said. “I choose that particular poem because it's really about the experiences of black women that we all share and about growing up.”
Kincaid-Rolle also read “Sisters” from her book A Hand Reached Out: Selected Poems (Tranquility Press, 1993).
“‘Sisters' is based on the ideal that we are family, and we share so much together and depend on our sisters for so much and I felt that would be a nice touch,” Kincaid-Rolle told Noozhawk.
A round of hearty applause greeted guest speaker Jewel Diamond Taylor, known as “the self-esteem doctor,” who is a minister, motivational speaker, life coach and founder of Women on the Growth and the Never Give Up Foundation.
Taylor's dynamic and spiritual speech about the importance of faith and personal growth, overcoming stress and believing in yourself echoed the life-changing strategies, goals and sentiments that are referenced in many of her inspirational books, including Sisterfriends and You Are Too Blessed to Be Stressed.
“It's so easy to get lost and it's so easy to just become kind of colorless in your soul until you are revived again,” Taylor said. “So I think it's important that we revive ourselves not only spiritually but emotionally and culturally.”
A playful card game that was geared to inspire the women in the room to live healthier lives by staying active on a daily basis topped off the afternoon, leading to a line of women dancing and singing.
Sims-Moten shared some words from 105-year-old Sarah Caldwell of Lompoc, who could not attend due to health reasons, which captured the tone and mood of togetherness shared by everyone during the afternoon event.
“One of the main insights she wanted me to share with everyone here is learn to take care of yourself and be independent,” Sims-Moten said.
For more information about the African American Women of Santa Barbara County, call Sims-Moten at 805.453.3452 or email .(JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address) .
— Noozhawk iSociety columnist Melissa Walker can be reached at .(JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address) . Follow Noozhawk on Twitter: @noozhawk, @NoozhawkSociety, @NoozhawkNews and @NoozhawkBiz. Become a fan of Noozhawk on Facebook.
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
DIVORCE DECREES
• Charlene Finkel, no hometown listed; v. Jeffrey Finkel, Larksville.
• Juan Jordan Mendoza, Hazleton; v. Siller Margarita Rodriguez-Olivo.
• Elaini Yureli Colon Melo, Hazleton; v. Brtio Albin Onexi Melo, Republica Dominica, Dominican Republic.
• Amber M. Stokes, Benton; v. Justin E. Stokes, Shickshinny.
• Carrie Bradshaw, Hanover Twp.; v. Jonathan Bradshaw, Fort Walton Beach, Fla.
• Maria Tapia, Wilkes-Barre; v. Perez Evaristo Tapia, no hometown listed.
PROPERTY TRANSACTIONS
• Bayview Loan Servicing LLC to Patrick A. Henry et al., $75,000; Patriot Circle, Rice Twp.
• John M. Lewallen et al. to Thomas Rinehimer et al., $120,000; Salem Twp.
• John A. Reyes et al. to Neil E. Nelson et al., $75,000; Nescopeck Twp.
• Kevin M. Walsh et al. to Amy B. Anthony, $125,000; Butler Twp.
• Ann Marie Strizak to Carlos J. Latorre Pimentel, $84,000; Hazleton.
• Joseph Shimko Jr. et al. to Lorne Schoffler et al., $139,900; Foster Twp.
• Dwayne E. Kalinay et al. to Joseph Benko, $175,000; Harveys Lake.
• Christian S. Mackesy et al. to Dwayne E. Kalinay et al., $249,000; Jackson Twp.
• Connell J. Rodden et al. to Francis J. Ambrose, $79,500; Sand Valley Road, Foster Twp.
• Terence F. Duffy et al. to Samuel J. Barr et al., $435,000; Conyngham.
• Marlene H. Turnbach to Christina Plesce, $111,000; Conyngham.
n DRG Real Estate LLC to Joseph W. Shafer, $114,880; Pittston.
n Ronald A. Marchak e tal. to Matthew J. Valeski, $85,000; Hancock Street, Plains Twp.
n Neal Tarulli et al. to David Ortiz, $269,900; Bear Creek.
n Wells Fargo Bank to David John Zayoski et al., $147,500; Slocum Twp.
n Gloria M. Thomas to Jan McGovern, $150,000; Kingston.
n Lisa Majikes et al. to Daly T. Potter, $189,700; Wilkes-Barre.
MORTGAGES
n Melinda Drank et al. from Mortgage Electronic Registration Systems Inc. et al., $72,659; Wilkes-Barre Twp.
n Loria A. Gallagher et al. from PNC Bank, $130,000; 9th Street, Wyoming.
n Cheryl Laughlin from Mortgage Electronic Registration Systems Inc. et al., $88,369; Catlin Avenue, Wilkes-Barre.
n Dominick Batoli et al. from Manufacturers & Traders Trust Company, $100,000; Stephenson Street, Duryea.
n Bethany Amber Weiss et al. from Finance of America Mortgage LLC, $106,534; Barber Street, Swoyersville.
n Fred R. Kitchen et al. from FNCB Bank, $80,000; Chestnut Street, Warrior Run.
n John P. Fogg Jr. et al. from First Columbia Bank & Trust Company, $115,000; Main Street, Salem Twp.
n Mary Carol Montagna et al. from Citizens Bank, $91,500; Tunkhannock Road, Exeter.
n Miguel Antonio Nieves et al. from Mortgage Electronic Registration Systems Inc. et al., $77,600; North Locust Street, Hazleton.
n Wyoming Avenue LLC from Peoples United Bank, $28,300,000; Kingston.
n Marylou Perez Zerfoss et al. from Citizens Bank of Pennsylvania, $100,000; South Welles Street, Wilkes-Barre.
n Daniel J. Casey et al. from Mortgage Electronic Registration Systems Inc. et al., $92,453; McLean Street, Wilkes-Barre.
n Meghan Krumsky et al. from John Krumsky et al., $70,725; Bear Creek Twp.
n Pennsylvania Theatre of Performing Arts from First National Bank of Pennsylvania, $95,346; West Broad Street, Hazleton.
n Andrison Cabrera et al. from PNC Bank, $108,0007, Emerald Court, Hazleton.
n Alec H. Marcalus et al. from Community Bank, $292,000; Teaberry Drive, Butler Twp.
n Rebecca Ann Sims et al. from 6/25/18 , $156,000; Park Avenue, Jackson Twp.
n Howard W. Hughes et al. from Mortgage Electronic Registration Systems Inc. et al., $194,596; Zachery Road, Huntington Twp.
n Richlac LLC from Luzerne Bank, $78,600; South Atherton Avenue, Kingston.
n Timothy J. Rutkoski et al. from Honesdale National Bank, $85,000; Yoland Drive, Lehman Twp.
n Michael R. Shovlin et al. from Mortgage Electronic Registration Systems Inc. et al., $89,381; Skidmore Street, Plains Twp.
n Lawrence E. Danko et al. from Honesdale National Bank, $100,000; Lombardo Drive, Jenkins Twp.
n Renee A. Sitch et al. from Mortgage Electronic Registration Systems Inc. et al., $136,000; St. Johns Road, Butler Twp.
n Robert Pace Jr. from Fidelity Deposit & Discount Bank, $90,000; Primrose Court, Exeter.
n Joseph L. Napolsky from Mortgage Electronic Registration Systems Inc. et al., $197,149; Norton Avenue, Dallas.
n Vanesko Holdings LLC from First Keystone Community Bank, $125,000; Elizabeth Street, Forty Forts.
n Socrates Pena from Mortgage Electronic Registration Systems Inc. et al., $120,673; Johns Avenue, Hazleton.
n Mary Elizabeth Veet et al. from Mortgage Electronic Registration Systems Inc. et al., $132,500; Sylvan Circle, Conyngham.
n Freddy B. Perez et al. from Mortgage Electronic Registration Systems Inc. et al., $117,826; East Broad Street, West Hazleton.
n Alexander Morales from Mortgage Electronic Registration Systems Inc. et al., $108,007; North Lincoln Street, Hazleton.
n Ricardo Automotive Service Inc. from Landmark Community Bank, $75,000; Hazleton.
n Ashley Tullinen from Mortgage Electronic Registration Systems Inc. et al., $205,050; Sunset Avenue, Dallas Twp.
n Eoberto Sanchez et al. from Mortgage Electronic Registration Systems Inc. et al.,$174,775; Hazle Twp.
n Michael Louis Lieback Jr. from Mortgage Electronic Registration Systems Inc. et al., $115,000; East 2nd Street, Salem Twp.
n Jacob Malishchak et al. from Mortgage Electronic Registration Systems Inc. et al., $484,000; Liberty Street, Fairview Twp.
n GAG Global LLC from First Keystone Community Bank, $325,000; South Hancock Street and Garnet Lane, Wilkes-Barre.
n Dennis Boor et al. from UFCW Federal Credit Union, $85,500; Hemlock Street, Newport Twp.
n Wilfredo Gonzalez Sr. from Mortgage Electronic Registration Systems Inc. et al., $127,543; Owen Street, Swoyersville.
n Pablo S. Bone de la Rosa et al. from Mortgage Electronic Registration Systems Inc. et al., $82,417; Garfield Street, Hazle Twp.
n Frederic Dennis Mizell et al. from Mortgage Electronic Registration Systems Inc. et al., $143,355; Lincoln Drive, Hanover Twp.
n Katelyn L. Evanick et al. from Mortgage Electronic Registration Systems Inc. et al., $135,000; Slocum Road, Slocum Twp.
n Velebit WB LLC from Trustone Financial Federal Credit Union, $1,130,000; Kidder Street, Wilkes-Barre.
n Full Swing Investments et al. from M&T Bank, $75,000; North Grant Street, Oliver Street, and Blackman Street, Wilkes-Barre.
n Russell C. Daubert IV et al. from M&T Bank, $75,000; Dana Street, Wilkes-Barre.
n Colleen Megan Keller et al. from Mortgage Electronic Registration Systems Inc. et al., $108,007; Bear Creek Twp.
n Ryan J. Nolan et al. from Mortgage Electronic Registration Systems Inc. et al., $298,300; Huckleberry Lane, Duryea.
n L&D Ventures LLC from Luzerne Bank, $169,600; Main Street, Sugar Notch.
n Ronald R. Shivers Sr. from Mortgage Electronic Registration Systems Inc. et al., $131,000; Frederick Street, Kingston.
n Robert S. Asby from Citizens Bank of Pennsylvania, $106,400; Larkview Lane, Larksville.
n Michael Williams et al. from Mortgage Electronic Registration Systems Inc. et al., $89,892; Barney Street, Larksville.
n Terry H. Ogle Jr. from Luzerne Bank, $75,000; Greenbriar Road, Lake Twp.
n Radhiris Cordero from Mortgage Electronic Registration Systems Inc. et al., $125,681; East 7th Street, Hazleton.
n Matthew T. DeMarco et al. from Jersey Shore State Bank, $135,000; Jake Court, Hazle Twp.
n Ngan-Ha Thi Nguyen et al. from FNCB Bank, $85,499; Lehigh Street, Wilkes-Barre.
n Ngan-Ha Thi Nguyen from FNCB Bank, $85,499; Lehigh Street and Pulaski Street, Wilkes-Barre.
n William D. Glycenfer e tal. from Citizens Bank, $149,600; Grandview Avenue, Wright Twp.
n Cheri L. Shaver et al. fromMortgage Electronic Registration Systems Inc. et al., $144,000; Susquehanna Avenue, Exeter.
n Peter H. Hibbard from Mortgage Electronic Registration Systems Inc. et al., $107,908; Green Street, Ashley.
n Mary V. Deady from Mortgage Electronic Registration Systems Inc. et al., $71,677; 2nd Street, Dupont.
n Kimberly A. Prisco et al. from Mortgage Electronic Registration Systems Inc. et al., $113,608; Courtdale Avenue, Courtdale.
n Kenny P. Sepulveda et al. from Mortgage Electronic Registration Systems Inc. et al., $186,558; Calbeth Circle, Hazle Twp.
n Theodore D. Luff et al. from Mortgage Electronic Registration Systems Inc. et al., $151,407; Tanya Drive, Hanover Twp.
n Luzerne Ironworkd Inc. from Mobilization Funding LLC, $1,078,154.70; Swoyersville.
n Cheryl L. Fulmer from Mortgage Electronic Registration Systems Inc. et al., $100,325; East Sixth Street, Wyoming.
n Kyle M. Plitnick et al. from Fidelity Deposit & Discount Bank, $356,250; Butler Twp.
n Lisa Smith et al. from Citizens Bank of Pennsylvania, $100,000; West Mount Airy Road, Kingston Twp.
n Quentin Reese et al. from Essa Bank & Trust, $437,600; Lower Demunds Road, Dallas Twp.
n Krystal L. Huff et al. from Mortgage Electronic Registration Systems Inc. et al., $146,700; Pin Oak Drive , Rice Twp.
n Jason C. Brown et al. from Mortgage Electronic Registration Systems Inc. et al., $360,000; Butler Street, Kingston.
n John M. Olshefski et al. from Mortgage Electronic Registration Systems Inc. et al., $258,000; Senaca Drive, Union Twp.
n Kevin M. Walsh Jr. et al. from Mortgage Electronic Registration Systems Inc. et al., $112,000; Four Seasons Drive, Butler Twp.
n Patrick Sosar et al. from Mortgage Electronic Registration Systems Inc. et al., $194,750; Sycamore Drive, Butler Twp.
n Francis Charles Mecadon from FNCB Bank, $351,000; South Highland Drive, Jenkins Twp.
n Lisa Senchak from Mortgage Electronic Registration Systems Inc. et al., $160,000; Davenport Street, Dallas Twp.
n Charles J. Barone et al. from Community Bank, $395,000; Pittston.
n Judith A. Barone et al. from Community Bank, $395,000; Broad Street, Exeter.
n Quentin Crane from Mortgage Electronic Registration Systems Inc. et al., $117,666; Meeker Outlet Road, Lake Twp.
n Maribel Molina from Mortgage Electronic Registration Systems Inc. et al., $76,587; Academy Street, Wilkes-Barre.
n Charles Richardson Jr. from Mortgage Electronic Registration Systems Inc. et al., $107,900; Lathrop Street, Kingston.
n Eugene L. Kelleher from Novak Financial Inc., $74,775; Main Street, Dallas.
n Megan A. Donalson et al. from Mortgage Electronic Registration Systems Inc. et al., $187,200; Follies Road, Jackson Twp.
n Elsy A. Altiery from Mortgage Electronic Registration Systems Inc. et al., $75,359; Hayes Lane, Wilkes-Barre.
n Rebecca Anne Madill et al. from Mortgage Electronic Registration Systems Inc. et al., $148,000; Kingston.
n Joshua Christopher Walker et al. from Wells Fargo Bank, $135,800; East Pettebone Street, Forty Forts.
n Nancy Zimek from Mortgage Electronic Registration Systems Inc. et al., $311,599; Remblewood, Dennison Twp.
n Chelsea Glaser et al. from Mortgage Electronic Registration Systems Inc. et al., $175,925; Aspen Drive, Rice Twp.
n Bradley R. Slusser et al. from First Keystone Community Bank, $199,500; Falcon Drive, Larksville.
n Leonard W. Coleman et al. from Community Bank, $121,600; Terrace Avenue, Kingston Twp.
n Jeffrey A. Golden from Mortgage Electronic Registration Systems Inc. et al., $102,400; Church Road, Wright Twp.
n Vianney A. Castro et al. from Landmark Community Bank, $172,000; West 15th Street, Hazleton.
n Christopher Pimble from Mortgage Electronic Registration Systems Inc. et al., $71,186; Bennett Street, Luzerne.
n Stephen M. Simkonois from Navy Federal Credit Union, $190,781; Bear Run Drive, Butler Twp.
n Cathleen A. Bender from Branch Banking and Trust company, $199,750; Pamela Drive, Butler Twp.
n Alfred J. Pliska Sr. et al. from Mortgage Electronic Registration Systems Inc. et al., $74,250; Mill Street, Hazleton.
n William J. Rubasky from PNC Bank, $112,000; East Church Street, Nanticoke.
n Teri A. Flynn et al. from UFCW Federal Credit Union, $235,600; Bon Aire Terrace, Jenkins Twp.
n Amy B. Anthony from Mortgage Electronic Registration Systems Inc. et al., $126,262; Edge Rock Drive, Butler Twp.
n Carlos J. Latorre Pimentel from Mortgage Electronic Registration Systems Inc. et al., $82,478; Cleveland Street, Hazleton.
n Lorne Schoffler et al. from Mortgage Electronic Registration Systems Inc. et al., $137,365; Michael Road, Foster Twp.
n Vincent M. Zukauskas Jr. et al. from First Columbia Bank & Trust Company, $227,887; Main Road, Union Twp.
n Joseph Benko from Mortgage Electronic Registration Systems Inc. et al., $166,250; Spruce Street, Harveys Lake.
n Dwayne E. Kalinay et al. from Mortgage Electronic Registration Systems Inc. et al., $244,489; Blueberry Hill Road, Jackson Twp.
n Christina Plesce from Hazleton School Employees Credit Union, $90,000; Park Circle, COnyngham.
n Joseph W. Shafer from Fidelity Deposit & Discount Bank, $79,800; Kennedy Boulevard, Pittston.
n David Ortiz from Mortgage Electronic Registration Systems Inc. et al., $269,900; Heather Hill Road, Bear Creek.
n Jan McGovern from Mortgage Electronic Registration Systems Inc. et al., $145,500; East Union Street, Kingston.
n Amish Pantry LLC from Cross Valley Federal Credit Union, $161,468.71; Berwick Hazleton Highway, Nescopeck Twp.
n Daly T. Potter from Mortgage Electronic Registration Systems Inc., $127,350; Gordon Avenue, Wilkes-Barre.
n William D'Arcy et al. from Citizens Bank of Pennsylvania, $110,000; Silver Cloud Lane, Black Creek Twp.
In honor of Hunger Action Month, Dairy Farmers of America (DFA) members and employees celebrated the company's core value of community by raising nearly $15,000 to benefit Feeding America's hurricane relief efforts. Additionally, several DFA brands are providing donations, totaling more than $50,000 worth of dairy products, to help support hurricane victims in Miami and Houston, the Kansas City, Kan.-based cooperative said.
Money was raised through member and employee monetary donations to the DFA Cares Foundation online giving site. The DFA Cares Foundation also made a dollar-for-dollar match for every contribution, up to $5,000, DFA said.
Several DFA brands and members also are making donations to benefit hurricane victims:
More than 4,300 cases of Sportsman Shake, a dairy-based protein shake, were sent to Convoy of Hope, an international humanitarian-relief organization based in Springfield, Mo., to assist in hurricane relief efforts.
La Vaquita, the top-selling brand of Hispanic cheese in Houston, is donating 6,000 8-ounce packages of queso fresco cheese to a local food bank in the Houston area.
Plugrá donated 1,600 pounds of butter to the French Pastry School in Chicago, which then baked 60,000 cookies to support hurricane victims in Miami and Houston.
Sugar Branch Farms, a DFA family farm in Pennsylvania, collected two trailers and a semi-truck load of donations from its local community and carried the load to Houston to help hurricane victims.
“Hunger is a serious issue today and as a cooperative, we value our ability to help feed those in need,” said Ron Shelton, chairman, DFA Cares Foundation and DFA Board Member. “With farmer members in Texas and Florida, we are committed to helping give back in these local communities and support relief efforts.”
The DFA Cares Foundation was established in 2005 as a nonprofit charitable organization. Through the DFA Cares Foundation, DFA provides disaster relief via product and monetary donations, invests in the future of the industry with scholarships to students pursuing careers in dairy and contributes dairy food and products for those in need, DFA said.
In this report, the EMEA Lincomycin HCL Market is valued at USD XX a million in 2016 and is expected to reach USD XX a million by the end of 2022, growing at a CAGR of XX% between 2016 and 2022.
Geographically, this report split EMEA into Europe, the Middle East and Africa, With sales K Pcs, revenue A Million USD, market share and growth rate of Lincomycin HCL for these regions, from 2012 to 2022 forecast
• Europe: Germany, France, UK, Russia, Italy and Benelux;
• Middle East: Saudi Arabia, Israel, UAE and Iran;
• Africa: South Africa, Nigeria, Egypt and Algeria.
EMEA Lincomycin HCL market competition by top manufacturers/players, with Lincomycin HCL sales volume K Pcs, price USD/Pcs, revenue A Million USD and market share for each manufacturer/player; the top players including
• Pfizer
• Nanyang PuKang
• Henan Topfond
• Anhui Wanbei
• NCPC
• SuZhou NO.4 Phamaceutical Factory
On the basis of product, this report displays the sales volume K Pcs, revenue A Million USD, product price USD/Pcs, market share and growth rate of each type, primarily split into
• Injection
• Oral
On the basis on the end users/applications, this report focuses on the status and outlook for major applications/end users, sales volume K Pcs, market share and growth rate of Lincomycin HCL for each application, including
• Children
• Adults
Get More Information about this Report @ http://www.planetmarketreports.com/reports/emea-lincomycin-hcl-market-58
Table of Contents
EMEA Europe, Middle East and Africa Lincomycin HCL Market Report 2017
1 Lincomycin HCL Overview
1.1 Product Overview and Scope of Lincomycin HCL
1.2 Classification of Lincomycin HCL
1.2.1 EMEA Lincomycin HCL Market Size Sales Comparison by Type 2012-2022
1.2.2 EMEA Lincomycin HCL Market Size Sales Market Share by Type Product Category in 2016
1.2.3 Injection
1.2.4 Oral
1.3 EMEA Lincomycin HCL Market by Application/End Users
1.3.1 EMEA Lincomycin HCL Sales Volume and Market Share Comparison by Application 2012-2022
1.3.2 Children
1.3.3 Adults
1.4 EMEA Lincomycin HCL Market by Region
1.4.1 EMEA Lincomycin HCL Market Size Value Comparison by Region 2012-2022
1.4.2 Europe Status and Prospect 2012-2022
1.4.3 Middle East Status and Prospect 2012-2022
1.4.4 Africa Status and Prospect 2012-2022
1.5 EMEA Market Size Value and Volume of Lincomycin HCL 2012-2022
1.5.1 EMEA Lincomycin HCL Sales and Growth Rate 2012-2022
1.5.2 EMEA Lincomycin HCL Revenue and Growth Rate 2012-2022
2 EMEA Lincomycin HCL Competition by Manufacturers/Players/Suppliers, Region, Type and Application
2.1 EMEA Lincomycin HCL Market Competition by Players/Manufacturers
2.1.1 EMEA Lincomycin HCL Sales Volume and Market Share of Major Players 2012-2017
2.1.2 EMEA Lincomycin HCL Revenue and Share by Players 2012-2017
2.1.3 EMEA Lincomycin HCL Sale Price by Players 2012-2017
2.2 EMEA Lincomycin HCL Volume and Value by Type/Product Category
2.2.1 EMEA Lincomycin HCL Sales and Market Share by Type 2012-2017
2.2.2 EMEA Lincomycin HCL Revenue and Market Share by Type 2012-2017
2.2.3 EMEA Lincomycin HCL Sale Price by Type 2012-2017
2.3 EMEA Lincomycin HCL Volume by Application
2.4 EMEA Lincomycin HCL Volume and Value by Region
2.4.1 EMEA Lincomycin HCL Sales and Market Share by Region 2012-2017
2.4.2 EMEA Lincomycin HCL Revenue and Market Share by Region 2012-2017
2.4.3 EMEA Lincomycin HCL Sales Price by Region 2012-2017
3 Europe Lincomycin HCL Volume, Value and Sales Price, by Players, Countries, Type and Application
3.1 Europe Lincomycin HCL Sales and Value 2012-2017
3.1.1 Europe Lincomycin HCL Sales Volume and Growth Rate 2012-2017
3.1.2 Europe Lincomycin HCL Revenue and Growth Rate 2012-2017
3.2 Europe Lincomycin HCL Sales and Market Share by Type
3.3 Europe Lincomycin HCL Sales and Market Share by Application
3.4 Europe Lincomycin HCL Sales Volume and Value Revenue by Countries
3.4.1 Europe Lincomycin HCL Sales Volume by Countries 2012-2017
3.4.2 Europe Lincomycin HCL Revenue by Countries 2012-2017
3.4.3 Germany Lincomycin HCL Sales and Growth Rate 2012-2017
3.4.4 France Lincomycin HCL Sales and Growth Rate 2012-2017
3.4.5 UK Lincomycin HCL Sales and Growth Rate 2012-2017
3.4.6 Russia Lincomycin HCL Sales and Growth Rate 2012-2017
3.4.7 Italy Lincomycin HCL Sales and Growth Rate 2012-2017
3.4.8 Benelux Lincomycin HCL Sales and Growth Rate 2012-2017
Get a Free Sample copy of this report @ http://www.planetmarketreports.com/report-sample/emea-lincomycin-hcl-market-58
Street Fighter is one of the few franchises from the arcade era that has remained relevant over the years. Whether you recall popping quarters into machines in the early ‘90s or just recently fell in love with Street Fighter V, Capcom's storied franchise brings a lot to the table.
Soon, its legacy will come neatly packaged in a single collection.
Capcom has announced the Street Fighter 30th Anniversary Collection for PlayStation 4, Xbox One, Nintendo Switch and Windows PC. It includes a dozen iconic titles from the series as listed below:
Street Fighter
Street Fighter II
Street Fighter II: Champion Edition
Street Fighter II: Hyper Fighting
Super Street Fighter II
Super Street Fighter II: Turbo
Street Fighter Alpha
Street Fighter Alpha 2
Street Fighter Alpha 3
Street Fighter III
Street Fighter III: 2nd Impact
Street Fighter III: 3rd Strike
Since its debut in 1987, Street Fighter has grown to include over 60 character with more than 40 million units sold. Alongside other favorites like Mortal Kombat and NBA Jam, Street Fighter defined an era for millions of gamers.
Capcom's upcoming collection will include multiplayer modes in Street Fighter II: Hyper Fighting, Super Street Fighter II: Turbo, Street Fighter Alpha 3 and Street Fighter III: 3rd Strike, adding new elements to already excellent games. These titles will each have their own global leaderboards, we're told, in addition to interactive timelines, museum sections, character bios and other nostalgic throwbacks.
Street Fighter 30th Anniversary Collection is scheduled to arrive in May 2018 at a respectable $39.99.
Walk down the aisle of your local pharmacy or grocery store and you'll be bombarded by a dizzying array of bleaching products, from gels and strips to paint-on bleach.
Cosmetic tooth bleaching is a $3.2 billion global industry, according to market analysts, and it's getting bigger fast. It's easy to see why. Strikingly white, bright smiles dominate TV and social media, and people tend to prefer the bright teeth of youth rather than those that have been yellowed by trauma or age.
But if you decide that you, too, want a brighter smile, it's hard to know where to start.
"I'm a dentist, but I'm also a consumer and I can certainly get confused by all the products," says Ruchi Sahota who practices in Fremont, Calif. A colleague of hers describes the tooth product aisle in stores as the "dental aisle of confusion," because there are so many options. "You can easily get bewildered standing there trying to figure out which option is the best," she says.
The dilemma isn't helped by regulators. Tooth whitening products don't need approval from the Food and Drug Administration before hitting the market, because the agency considers them "cosmetic," a designation that's much more lightly regulated than drugs. And, the FDA says it has not determined that any ingredients contained in currently marketed products are unsafe.
The American Dental Association does offer some guidance in choosing a bleaching product — its ADA seal of acceptance. "The seal is rooted in science," says chemist Jamie Spomer, director of the ADA's seal of acceptance program; she notes that when a manufacturer applies for the seal, an independent panel of dentists analyzes the company's data and sometimes performs studies of their own.
The seal is a "symbol that an independent panel reviewed and approved the product for its safety and effectiveness," Spomer says. Many toothpastes carry the ADA seal. So far only one over-the-counter-bleaching product does — Crest 3D White Glamorous White Whitestrips.
Even so, Sahota says many over-the-counter products that don't carry the seal can still be effective if used as directed. Most cause some tooth sensitivity during the bleaching process, but that goes away once the process is complete, she says. Depending on which product is used, bleaching can take anywhere from two to six weeks.
And, if you're not careful, Sahota says the products can leak onto the gums, causing inflammation and "extra sensitivity" to pressure, temperature and touch.
A safer but more costly option might be to buy a custom-made tray from your dentist, Sahota says. Unlike the one-size-fits-all trays sold over the counter, a dentist makes the tray "just for you" she says.
The tray hugs the teeth and ensures the gel is kept where it should be and is evenly applied. The kits cost about $400; this at-home whitening process can take up to four weeks, depending on how stained the teeth are to begin with. Generally, the trays are worn for one or two hours a day.
If you want an even faster route, you'll have to pay more. Bleaching in the dental office can run more than $1,000, but results are quick and more dramatic. Dentists use bleaching gels that rely on high concentrations of hydrogen peroxide (up to 40 percent hydrogen peroxide, compared to a 5 to 6 percent concentration in drugstore kits and a 10 to 15 percent solution in the home-kits from dentists).
So the whole process in the dentist's office can take just an hour or two to complete. And because the peroxide concentrations used there are much higher, the results can be many shades lighter than with take-home kits and over-the-counter products.
An important caveat: Insurance companies consider in-office teeth whitening "cosmetic" so the procedures are almost never covered.
Nonetheless, more Americans are opting for in-office whitening. In 2015, in-office bleaching procedures rose 29 percent over the year before, according to an American Academy of Cosmetic Dentistry survey. And there's at least a little evidence that the whiter the smile the more attractive the person – in a 2012 study both men and women said they prefer white teeth when choosing a mate.
But go to the dentist before you start bleaching, says Ada Cooper, a New York City dentist.
"Tooth discoloration can be caused by cavities and other oral problems," she says. "It's more important to maintain healthy teeth."
It's also important to note that not all stains are the same. Some are mostly on the surface of the teeth and come from consuming lots of dark colored liquids like coffee, tea and red wine, as well as foods with vibrant yellow spices like turmeric. The tar and nicotine from cigarettes are also huge culprits. Often surface stains can be diminished by routine brushing, flossing and biannual professional cleaning in the dentist's office.
Unfortunately, there are deeper stains you just can't avoid by being careful about what you eat and drink. These come with aging and years of chewing, which causes millions of tiny cracks in the outer enamel of the tooth. These cracks can fill up with stain. On top of that, the thinning enamel can allow the yellow core of the tooth to become more visible. Grinding teeth at night and brushing too hard can also weaken and thin tooth enamel. Bleaching agents can penetrate these deeper stains and turn the tooth whiter — typically two to seven shades lighter.
There are some discolorations that just can't be bleached away. Trauma to a tooth — such as a chip or break — can also permanently discolor it from the inside, and stains from ingesting the antibiotic tetracycline or large amounts of fluoride are also permanent. In these cases, the only option for whiter teeth is a crown or veneer.
All types of bleaching — whether over-the-counter, take-home kits or in the dental office — are temporary, requiring touch-ups at some point. As for homespun remedies promoted online, in social media and in magazines as being "natural whitening" agents (including charcoal, baking soda or lemon juice), the ADA says there is no evidence these methods work.
Party-goer punches peer, paterfamilias
Vigilant villagers made a joint citizen's arrest in the capital early yesterday morning after a drunken brawl erupted at a party meant to ring in the New Year.
The villagers gathered on Saturday evening, but one youth was more interested in confrontation than celebration.
He argued with another adolescent, until his target's father tried to arbitrate, prompting the punk to punch both father and son in the face.
Nearby neighbours helped restrain the rabble-rouser until police arrived.
KOH SANTEPHEAP
Hansung Bravo, the best Car Washing machine Equipment manufacturers & suppliers in Korea. Find the best products like self-service car wash system, car mat washer and dryer, vacuum cleaner, Car Mat Dryer Manufacturer, etc.
Colorado teachers are planning to going on a strike and the state Republican lawmakers want to punish them with jail time and fines up to $500 a day.
Thousands of teachers in multiple U.S. states recently went on a strike to demand higher pay and increased school funding. With the West Virginia teachers' triumph, the movement spread to other states, putting the pressure on state lawmakers to meet their demands.
However, it seems lawmakers in Colorado want to take preliminary measures that would shut down a potential teachers strike in the state.
As Colorado teachers prepare to walk out on April 27, the state's lawmakers have proposed a bill in the Senate that not only prohibits districts from supporting a teachers' strike but also requires schools to fine teachers for each day they participate in a walkout.
“The event of a strike or the imminent threat of a strike in violation of the bill, the public school employer is authorized to seek an injunction from the district court,” the bill states. “Failure by a public school teacher or teacher organization to comply with the injunction constitutes contempt of court and may be punished with fines or up to six months in county jail, or both.”
The bill also give schools enough authority to terminate teachers in case they don't comply with the sentence.
Such stringent conditions of the bill were put in place by the two Republican lawmakers– Sen. Bob Gardner (R) and state Rep. Paul Lundeen (R).
Moreover, the bill has come at a time when several Colorado school districts are set to be closed towards the end of the week due to the upcoming strike. The closings impact more than 200 schools, which indicate the lawmakers ‘primary goal is damage-control instead of addressing fundamental issues – like inadequate salaries of educators or flimsy school budgets.
It is important to mention Colorado ranks pretty low in terms of teachers' wages with an annual salary of about $46,000.
Moreover, the state also spends a meager amount of about $2,500 less per student each year than the national average.
Regardless of the threats, the Colorado Education Association is supporting the teacher walkout.
However, under the Senate bill that was proposed last week, the organization would also be punished in an event of a strike. If any organization, be it a union or a professional association, violated the court's order, it could face a fine of up to $10,000 a day along with a ban on representing teachers in the state for up to a year.
But until and unless the Democrats get on board with Republicans, the chances of the bill getting passed are very thin.
The Republican lawmakers' proposal is a blatant disregard of free speech and peaceful protest.
Read More Students Join Hands With Striking Teachers
Banner Image Credit: REUTERS/Nick Oxford
Visiting Nurse & Hospice Care has begun its summer series of bereavement support groups.
VNHC provides free bereavement support and counseling to the surviving loved ones and friends of people who received hospice services as well as anyone in the community who has suffered a loss. These support groups provide an opportunity for people to connect with others who are facing, or have faced loss of a loved one.
VNHC's offices in Solvang are now offering a bereavement support group open to the community at no charge. Meetings will be held from 3:30 to 5:30 p.m. at 436 First St., Suite 201 in Solvang, and will be facilitated by Barb Marquez, MSW. The upcoming four Thursday afternoon sessions are:
» June 27, July 11, July 18 and July 25
» Aug. 8, Aug. 15, Aug. 22 and Aug. 29
In Santa Barbara, there are eight bereavement groups facilitated by VNHC staff. All are open to the public free of charge.
» Women and Grief: Women's Wisdom Through the Ages, facilitated by Suzie Taylor-Meadows, MSW. Meetings are Tuesday afternoons from 4 to 5:30 p.m. Dates include June 28 and June 25, July 2, 9, 16, 23, 30, and Aug. 6.
» Spirituality in Grief Group, using spiritual resources such as sacred texts, contemplation and personal faith to navigate the grieving process. Facilitated by Mark Watson, D. Min., this group meets Tuesday afternoons from 4 to 5 p.m. Dates include June 25, July 2, 9, 16 and 23.
» Loss of Parent, a support and education group facilitated by Dairine Pearson, MSW. There are four Monday evening meetings, from 6 to 7:30 p.m. on July 15, 22, 29, and Aug. 5.
» Men in Grief, facilitated by Mark Watson, D. Min., for six Thursday afternoons from 4 to 5 p.m. Dates include July 25, Aug. 1, 8, 15, 22 and 29.
» Loss of Spouse or Partner, facilitated by Suzie Taylor-Meadows, MSW, for six Wednesday afternoons from 1 to 2:30 p.m. Dates include Aug. 7, 15, 22, 29, and Sept. 4 and 11.
» Healing Your Heart After a Loss, using guided imagery, meditation, and other techniques to promote healing. This group is facilitated by Suzie Taylor-Meadows, MWS, and meets for eight Thursday afternoons from 1 to 2:30 p.m. Dates include Aug. 1, 8, 15, 22 and 29, and Sept. 5, 12 and 19.
» Mas Alla del Dolor (Spanish language bereavement support), facilitated by Mari Hernandez. Grupo de apoyo para personas que han perdido un ser. Querido para mayor informacion, 805.690.6219.
» Loss of a Loved One, an ongoing support group held every second and fourth Friday of the month, from 2 to 3 p.m., facilitated by Dairine Pearson.
Pre-registration is required for all groups. For more information and to register for a group session, please call the facilitator of the group: Barb Marquez at 805.965.5555 x427, Suzie Taylor-Meadows at 805.690.6298, Mark Watson at 805.880.9424 or Dairine Pearson at 805.690.6201, or email .(JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address) .
— Jennifer Guess is a publicist representing Visiting Nurse & Hospice Care.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Click to play Tap to play
Get What's On updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Paddling pools will be flying out of stores this week.
All major high street retailers will be flagging their outdoor fun products in a bid to get the best deals for families and a number of popular items have already sold out.
Argos has just knocked nearly £755 off its massive Intex Pure Spa with Plunge Pool, reducing it from £1249.99 right down to £494.99, reports the Chronicle .
The deal was picked up by a member of the Extreme Couponing and Bargains UK Group on Facebook and their post quickly got loads of comments and shares.
The Spa & Pool's online product description on the Argos website reads “Pool or Spa?
"Why choose!
"With the Intex PureSpa Bubble Massage with Pool you combine the relaxation of the PureSpa with the refreshment of a cool pool.
“Designed with Intex's unique patented puncture resistant 3-ply laminated material and built in Hard-Water Treatment System.
"Approximate inflated size: 386 x 183 x 71cm. 270 Soothing Bubble Jets (120 spa & 150 pool).
“Includes 2 inflatable benches, an insulated safety cover, ground cloth, chemical dispenser and 2 filter cartridges.”
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
The discounted pool is available online from the Argos website .
Follow CBSMIAMI.COM: Facebook | Twitter
WEST HOLLYWOOD, CA (CBS Local) – Love is no match for man's best friend. According to a new survey, an overwhelming number of adults would dump their partner if they didn't like their dog.
A survey of 3,500 dog owners conducted by dog-walking service Wag!, found that 86 percent of respondents would end a relationship if their boyfriend or girlfriend couldn't get along with their dog.
“It comes as no surprise to us at Wag! that dog parents place a premium on their dogs' opinions of other humans and that this plays a deciding factor in their love lives,” company CEO Hilary Schneider said, via StudyFinds.
In some cases, spouses are even taking a back seat to their husband or wife's four-legged friend. 16 percent of married dog owners said they preferred celebrating their pet's birthday over their own spouse's.
However, the news isn't all bad as dogs were found to be the key to many people's hearts. Over 70 percent of people surveyed said they were more likely to “swipe right” if a person's online dating profile featured their pup. Six in 10 adults claim they were flirted with while walking their furry friend.
For singles, Wag! says forget the pickup lines and get a dog. Nearly 80 percent of dog owners admit they'd be more likely to go home with someone if that person said they had a dog there waiting to meet them.
Email Address: Password:
Already a paid subscriber but not registered for online access yet? For instructions on how to get premium web access, click here.
Forgot your password?
Seattle Police officers stood just outside Costco's back door waiting for a group of thieves to emerge on March 14, 2018. According to a statement from Seattle Police, “Loss Prevention officers inside the store recognized one of the suspects inside and said he had previously stolen items in the past and run out the fire exit.” Officers began to question a woman parked behind an emergency exit when they heard someone trying to open the emergency doors from inside the store. They then apprehended two additional suspects attempting to leave the store with roughly $2,200 in merchandise. One 30-year-old man, an 18-year-old woman, and a 21-year-old woman were all arrested in the incident.
Rumours started floating out of the blue that film-maker Rohit Shetty is all set to cast Prabhas and Salman Khan in his upcoming film and fans were excited that the Baahubali 2 star will have a grand debut in Bollywood. However, all these rumours are not true and no official confirmation has been given by anyone.
At first it was rumoured that Karan Johar wants to cast Prabhas in his upcoming film and when that news died down, a new rumour came up that Rohit Shetty wants to cast both Prabhas and Salman Khan in his upcoming film. None of it is true as well. We guess, tomorrow we'll end up hearing another rumour about Prabhas starring with Shahrukh Khan and Aamir Khan too. It's all fake news and rumourmongering is at its peak when it comes to Prabhas.
A newly married couple were forced to spend their wedding night in a school after heavy snow shut a 100km stretch of a major road in south west England, the Daily Telegraph reports.
They spent the night with more than 80 other commuters as they took emergency shelter as a wintry snap dubbed the "mini beast from the east" wreaked havoc.
John and Sara Lund spent their honeymoon night in a rest centre at Okehampton College on the north side of Dartmoor.
The couple, who were married in Bristol, told the BBC they had been headed to Watergate Bay Hotel on the north Cornwall coast.
Advertisement
"We were heading down to Watergate Bay in Newquay for what would have been a very luxurious honeymoon in a beautiful bridal suite with bouquets of flowers but we, like a number of other people, got caught in the A30 just outside Okehampton," John Lund told BBC Breakfast.
"The lovely people of Devon County Council have looked after us very well.
"I didn't imagine there would be snow in March to be perfectly honest with you, but certainly didn't expect to spend our first night in a school college."
The couple said they hoped to make their way to the hotel, where they are booked in for three nights.
The A30 was hit by "significant snow," Devon and Cornwall Police said, with conditions "changing rapidly from passable to impossible".
Some 100km of road between the M5 at Exeter and the A38 at Bodmin were shut as a result while officers and Highways England cleared the route.
Although it was believed the cold snap would be over by the beginning of the week, wintry weather is continuing into today.
The Met Office has issued a yellow weather warning for snow and ice for all of England and Wales, lasting until tonight NZT.
Our newly weds, John & Sara who spent their wedding night at Okehampton Rest Centre.. Pretty unique way of spending your first night.. pic.twitter.com/UKNCdG5Ksf — Richard White (@Sectorleadrich) March 19, 2018
Conditions are expected to brighten later in the week, with temperatures soaring to double figures by Friday.
Richard White, volunteer rest centre manager, said spirits were high among those sheltering in the school, despite their dramatic evening.
He said: "We first of all provide them with something hot to drink and we've got blankets, duvets.
"We make sure people get a good night's sleep, we feed them in the morning and weather-permitting, we prepare them to get back in their cars and on their way.
"Police want everybody off the roads to give them the opportunity to clear the roads with the snow ploughs and the gritters in time for the morning."
Hundreds of schools across the country shut due to the treacherous conditions, while train services were also disrupted, with some disruptions expected to continue on throughout the day.
It's something we all know we should do, but often fall short of —drinking water.
We all know the NHS recommends two liters of water a day, but do we actually know what that means? and do we ever really achieve it?
There are a lot of rumors and myths around how much water we need to consume in a day, so we've taken a look once and for all at what we really need to be doing.
Of course, it's easier said than done so we've included some tips to upping your intake and let you know what counts towards your water content.
How much to drink in a day
6-8 glasses (1.2 liters) a day — but remember you get some of this from food.
* 1200 ml
* 1.2 Liters
* 2.1117 Pints
How much is too much?
It's known as water intoxication.
It's where a person drinks so much it dilutes the salt in their blood. It can leave you lethargic, light-headed and in extreme cases, it can be fatal.
But, this happens very rarely and only tends to occur when people are dehydrated through exercise and they suddenly drink two or three liters in a short space of time.
A new study has highlighted the danger of drinking too much water.
Researcher Dr. Michael Farrell, from Monash University in Melbourne said, "If we just do what our body demands us to we'll probably get it right — just drink according to thirst rather than an elaborate schedule.
"Here for the first time we found effort-full swallowing after drinking excess water which meant they were having to overcome some sort of resistance.
"This was compatible with our notion that the swallowing reflex becomes inhibited once enough water has been drunk.”
Can you lose weight drinking water?
One of the simplest ways to lose weight is to drink water before eating, according to research carried out in 2010.
A 12-week study, reported to the American Chemical Society, involved 48 people aged between 55 and75.
One group drank two cups of water before each meal and the other didn't. Water drinkers lost 15.5lbs on average, the others 11lbs.
Dr. Brenda Davy, senior author of the survey, said, "We found in earlier studies that middle-aged and older people who drank two cups of water right before eating a meal ate between 75 and 90 fewer calories during that meal.
"In this recent study, dieters who drank water before meals, three times per day, lost about 5lbs more than dieters who did not increase water intake.
"People should drink more water and less sugary, high-calorie drinks. It's a simple way to manage weight."
"There have been cases when athletes in marathons were told to load up with water and died, in certain circumstances, because they slavishly followed these recommendations and drank far in excess of need."
On Monday evening of this week a number of videos showing a group of young men breaking into a fight outside a pub in Donnybrook, Dublin 4, began to appear across WhatsApp.
One video, titled “Gotta love cup season”, showed punches being thrown in the smoking area of the popular Kiely's pub down the road from Donnybrook Stadium, where a Leinster Schools Senior Cup match had taken place earlier that day between south Dublin secondary schools, St Michael's College and Terenure College. Gardaí arrived at the scene at around 5.40pm to break up the brawl, but no arrests were made.
Two days later, a similar altercation between a group of teenagers and men in their early 20s broke out following a Newbridge College versus Presentation College Bray matches in Donnybrook. This time four men aged 18 and 19 were arrested and brought to Irishtown Garda station, where one was charged with a public order offence.
We respect our opponents and their past pupils both on and off the pitch
Blackrock College Past Pupil's Union was the first rugby school to respond to the violence, releasing a statement on Tuesday calling for “respect” among former students attending these games. Later that day St Michael's College Past Pupil Union condemned the behaviour “of a few recent past pupils who got involved in a fracas” following Monday's match.
“We respect our opponents and their past pupils both on and off the pitch,” wrote St Michael's Union. It is understood that a former pupil from St Michael's College who was identified in one of the videos was later contacted by the school for disciplinary measures.
On Thursday morning, Terenure College became the third school to release a statement criticising the actions of a small number of rugby supporters whose behaviour had “marred what was, and always is a wonderful occasion in schools rugby”. The school said it was taking “appropriate action” and would do its “utmost to ensure that this behaviour does not reoccur”.
“As a school we strive to educate our students to uphold the key values of our society; respect for self and for others, tolerance and personal responsibility for our actions,” continued the statement.
Among the questions put to them was one about how schools can teach students about not carrying the physicality of the sports field into everyday life.
Newbridge College and Presentation College Bray were contacted for comment but failed to respond.
Media fascination
There is undoubtedly a media fascination with violent incidents between current and past pupils of these predominantly fee-paying rugby schools. Last year, Gonzaga College in Ranelagh made headlines after the school's past pupils union hit out at former students for showing “totally unacceptable behaviour” during a Leinster Senior Cup match which included “extreme drunkenness”.
It is thought that many of these brawls, which are not a new phenomenon but have been occurring after school matches for years, are the result of past pupils drinking before a match, drinking cans during a game and then going on to one of the nearby pubs afterwards. This week, it is understood past pupils were able to continue drinking alcohol at the Old Wesley club members bar which remained open during the matches on Monday, Tuesday and Wednesday. It is also believed that some current, as well as past pupils, were identified in the videos of this week's brawls.
Are such brawls another aspect of our nation's unhealthy relationship with alcohol?
Aidan McCullen, former Leinster, Toulouse and London Irish rugby player, says: “Schools are supposed to produce holistic people and these guys are supposed to be ambassadors for their schools. They're doing their schools a massive disservice by acting this way, even if they've left.”
Is this violent behaviour specific to the graduates of Ireland's elite boys' schools or are such brawls another aspect of our nation's unhealthy relationship with alcohol?
Former headmaster of St Andrew's College in Blackrock Arthur Godsil is adamant that the behaviour this week is unconnected to the ethos of rugby-playing schools. He argues that as a sport, rugby has no tolerance for violence among supporters and that drawing a connection between a rugby school education and the violence among recent graduates is wrong.
“Alcohol is the cause, not rugby schools,” says Godsil. “Rugby is a fantastic game that automatically assumes respect among the players and spectators. It requires very controlled aggression on the pitch. But if you look at the activities of these 19- and 20-year-old men and put them together with a lot of alcohol in their systems, it's not going to take much to get the action going.
“These are young lads who don't have the maturity to handle alcohol. This is about our love affair with alcohol which is a much bigger problem within Irish society.”
Godsil also says that – far from fostering a culture of violence – schools offer guidance in good behaviour. “Those schools spend a huge amount of time trying to educate these boys in the right way. They take this very seriously and I can't imagine for one moment that anything in those schools would encourage those young boys to be violent.”
Mark Doyle, a PhD researcher at UCD who has investigated masculinity in sport, says former students' desire to appear muscular and powerful could also be a driving factor in post-match violence.
There is also contagious excitement when fights like this happen
Growing up in this age of social media, Doyle argues, young men increasingly feel the need to bulk up and prove their manliness through physical strength. What's more, when these young men finish secondary school most are no longer actively involved in sport and lose that automatic outlet for exerting pent up energy.
“Maybe these fights are a way to express masculinity through the brute force of the body,” says Doyle, adding that rugby is “particularly gladiatorial” when compared to football or even GAA.
“There is also contagious excitement when fights like this happen – one punch or slap is usually enough, especially in a context where there are pretty binary tribal lines like jerseys and alcohol.”
Struggle to comprehend
Former professional footballer and now psychotherapist Richie Sadlier says young men who were heavily involved in sport at school may struggle to comprehend the importance of leaving their strength and ability to exert themselves physically on the sports field.
“Some lads may take that behaviour into non-sporting arenas, whether it's in a pub or domestically with a partner, and that becomes problematic,” warns Sadlier. “There is a huge responsibility for coaches and anyone working with these lads to promote the idea that there are other ways of demonstrating your manhood or value as a man than physically imposing yourself on other people.”
Another long-term observer of schools rugby blames the media
“If you introduce alcohol into the situation and the group dynamic takes over, that can be problematic for anyone, whether they're from a fee-paying school or not. You will always get lads, and girls too, who look at violence and aggressions as a way of resolving conflict.”
A former Gonzaga student, who witnessed the violence at the school match last March, attributes the recent behaviour among past pupils in part to what he describes as the “Trump/Conor McGregor factor”.
“The way men like Trump and McGregor behave, no rules apply to them, and I think these types of leaders in society are genuinely making a difference.”
Another long-term observer of schools rugby blames the media for blowing these incidents out of proportion. “If this involved a school soccer match in Sallynoggin, there wouldn't be any interest in it. But this was a case of privileged kids behaving badly – all captured on YouTube.
“The media puts the words ‘fee-paying' in the headline, and they come at it with an agenda. Listen, lots of boys or young men misbehave. Middle-class ones too. Yes, it shouldn't have happened, and they should be punished, but let's not lose the run of ourselves.”
Former pupils
A recent graduate of Blackrock College who is in his early 20s agrees that fighting among past pupils from rival schools has been a problem for years. He remembers watching former pupils gather in the terraces opposite the main stand in Donnybrook Stadium where he would be sitting with his school peers to watch the game.
The former Blackrock student, who never played rugby but attended matches, says pupils were unable to drink before a match as they were brought straight from the school to the stadium and that most of those getting into fights would be former students aged 18-22.
Does he see it as a particular problem among graduates from rugby schools?
“I do think this problem is more prominent in students from rugby schools; they act out more aggressively. I have friends from these schools that are more timid but lots of these lads know how to get rowdy.
“I'm not sure why they keep going to matches after they finish school but they're ex-rugby players who I guess are going to support their friends. They're coming out of school with this strong lad culture.”
$11.77 per week *
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $11.77 per week.
You will be billed $66.30 per month after the trial ends
Teachers have been warned to think carefully about becoming friends on Facebook with their students.
The general secretary of the Teachers' Union of Ireland John MacGabhann told delegates at its annual conference in Cork that such moves were “ill advised”.
“On balance, we must advise that this tends to narrow the necessary professional distance that should be maintained.
“Virtual friendships can wax and wane. Photographs can quickly lose their context. People – however innocent their intent – can be professionally damaged and compromised.”
Mr MacGabhann also warned teachers about comments they may make on social media and said some TUI members had “occasionally endangered their employment and landed themselves in the stew legally”.
Speak in haste
He said there was a growing tendency –from which some of the union's members were not immune – to speak electronically and therefore indelibly in haste or worse still, in anger.
“Words thus spoken cannot be recalled and sometimes betray a person's worst instincts, where pause and prudence would suggest a different course, content and tone.
“Our strong advice is to be slow and circumspect in committing words to the electronic page. Pause before you press. Think. If you have any inkling that what you are about to send carries risk, don't send it. The immediate gratification of scratching an itch might be short lived.
What should be settled off-line between two antagonists now far too frequently turns into a cyber spectator sport
“Equally, avoid being drawn into complicity or cahoots with one side or the other in an on-line falling-out or feud. What should be settled off-line between two antagonists now far too frequently turns into a cyber spectator sport in which settling issues is made very difficult. Life is too short for such nonsense.”
Mr MacGabhann also criticised some employers for “irresponsible and over-bearing use of information technology and social media to effectively place staff on a 24/7 roster”.
He suggested that some employers expected their “every electronic utterance to be followed enthusiastically by an instant or near instant response”.
“In such circumstances the text, tweet or email borders on harassment and the social media become anti-social. Our advice to members is blunt – if contacted unreasonably do not respond. You are under no obligation to respond. It is not a contractual duty. Better still, turn off your phone, your tablet, your laptop. Hit the switch.”
The body of a man has been discovered on a mountain in Donegal.
The body of the man, who was reported missing on Saturday evening, was recovered on Sunday.
A rescue helicopter pictured during the recovery operation. (Photo: Donegal Mountain Rescue Team/Facebook)
The man was reported missing after he failed to return to his car which was parked near Glenveagh National Park.
The body was recovered on the Derryveagh Mountains.
The recovery operation was carried out by Donegal Mountain Rescue team.
Show Me State Games Show Businesses More Money
COLUMBIA - Hundreds of Missourians came to Columbia Saturday for the Show Me State Summer Games and they made a big impact on the community. Local business owners said the games bring in customers they don't usually see.
"Whenever there's a Show Me State Games event in town, we always see a spike in business." General Manager of Shakespeare's Toby Epstein said.
Epstein said that the jump in customers has grown as the Show Me State Games gets older.
"Over the years with more and more people that are involved with the show me state games, it brings in more business"
Saturday the Show Me State Games had soccer, lacrosse and pickleball. The games finish up Sunday evening with basketball. For a full schedule of events, click here.
Different treatments for different people
Irving, Texas, May 05, 2018 –Choice Cancer Care is well known and awarded for its patient-centered and individualized care, and the doctors who work there know that cancer isn't going to be defeated with just one solution that is magically going to work for everyone. The doctors recommend various cancer treatments depending on how severe the cancer is and where it is on the patient's body, with more specific treatments tailored to areas like a prostate or breast cancer.
Types of treatments included:
Breast-Specific Gamma Imaging (BSGI): This procedure can be used if you have dense breasts or if doctors suspect any signs of cancer could be missed by other scans. The BSGI uses tracers to enhance imagining technology and give a deeper look at the tissue.
Prostate Seed Therapy- This therapy is only for prostate cancer, and it is a radiation therapy that inserts radioactive seeds directly into the cancer tumor. The seeds then release a pulse of radiation meant to kill the cancer tumor and the cells around it, while leaving the unaffected cells mostly unharmed. Brachytherapy is one of the specializations at Choice Cancer Care and the doctors are extremely knowledgeable about its use.
Hormone Therapy- Hormones often fuel cancer cells and help them grow faster, so hormone therapy is often used with other treatments to block estrogen (in the case of breast cancer) and testosterone (in the case of prostate cancer) from fueling cells and allowing other treatments the time to work while the tumor can't expand as fast.
The doctors at Choice Cancer Care change their treatments based on the situation of the individual, while also using common forms of treatment like surgery and chemotherapy, in order to destroy cancer and keep their patient healthy and ready to return to a normal life.
About Choice Cancer Care
Choice Cancer Careis an independent, physician-owned cancer center network. Dr. Gregory Echt, a radiation oncologist with over two decades of experience, is the founder of Choice Cancer Care. Choice Cancer Care is among the busiest practices in the country for brachytherapy, or prostate seed implant therapy – a cancer treatment plan for prostate cancer that provides remarkable success rates and fewer life-limiting side effects.
Some weeks ago a young woman told me that her brother had been taken to prison the previous day. It so happens that I know the chaplain in that prison so I phoned him and she was then able to talk with him.
She was relieved and before we parted she expressed how her mother would be so happy to know that her son was safe and sound and was out of harm.
It was a throw-away remark she made but it certainly left an impression and indeed has stayed with me.
Over the years I have been in a number of prisons and I can't help but think that far too many prisoners have serious psychological issues and that prison is not the place for them. Not for a moment am I saying that offenders should not pay for their crimes but the vast majority of our prisons are occupied by people from less privileged backgrounds. Too many prisons remind me of a Dickensian world.
Maybe it is because of my own age, my work as a hospital chaplain, or the fact that a friend of mine is unwell, I seem to focus on our fragility.
In our youth, indeed, as long as we are healthy and well, and surrounded by a world of good health and good fortune, we can easily forget our own vulnerabilities and fragility. We can believe that we are masters and mistresses of the human race.
It's a delusion. We're not. And the more we do to support and help one another, the easier we make it for other people.
There are phrases and sentiments in the readings and prayers of tomorrow's liturgy that remind us of our vulnerability and brokenness.
In the first reading from the book of Job (7: 1 -4, 6 - 7) we read: “Is not man's life on earth nothing more than pressed service, his time no better than hired drudgery?”
The final sentence in the reading goes: “Remember that my life is but a breath, and that my eyes will never again see joy.”
In the Gospel reading (Mark 1: 29 -39) we see how Jesus cures Simon's mother-in-law. “He went to her, took her by the hand and helped her up.” What a fabulous description of the gentleness and kindness of one person towards another human being. A wonderful statement of what it means to be a Christian person.
And then the response to the responsorial psalm (Psalm 146) tells us to “Praise the Lord who heals the broken-hearted.” The words can easily trip off our tongues. Better to take a moment out and to think of those words, indeed, to believe that the Lord actually heals the broken-hearted. Surely that gives us solace and hope.
In that Psalm we read: “Praise the Lord for he is good;/sing to our God for he is loving:/to him our praise is due.”
Of course the world is a great place. We all have our ups and downs but anytime we are confronted with pain and suffering and torment, we are forced to ask ourselves what is it all about.
Being kind, helpful and understanding to people always lessens the burden of suffering but eventually we are all doomed. Or are we?
For all of us, with no exceptions, this life ends.
Somehow, someway, something beyond the understanding of any of us, Christians believe that there is resurrection. Most likely it's unwise to dare give it any sort of human meaning or terms, nevertheless it is a belief that has been handed down to us for generations.
American poet Emily Dickinson writes in her poem “I felt a Funeral, in my Brain”: “And then a Plank in Reason, broke,/And I dropped down, and down –/And hit a World, at every plunge,/And Finished knowing – then –”
There has to be more to us than the whimsicalness of this world? I'm inclined to think we get glimpses or reminders of it when we see kindness, gentleness and goodness being shown to our fellow sisters and brothers.
The actress and businesswoman told CNN Talk Asia 'it's about time' for the #MeToo movement.
Jessica Alba has spoken of experiencing sexual harassment “all the time along the way” throughout her career.
The Fantastic Four actress, who broke into the industry as a teenager, said she accepted that “that's the way you were going to be treated”.
The 37-year-old also told CNN's Talk Asia programme that she wished she had had help from female mentors.
Asked if she had experienced sexual harassment, she said: “Oh yeah, of course I have. Yeah. All the time along the way.
“I don't know, I guess you shouldn't have accepted it, but, as a young actress growing up in the business, you just accepted that that's the way you were going to be treated.
Jessica Alba arriving for the Met Gala at the Metropolitan Museum of Art in New York (Dennis Van Tine/PA Images)
“You could either go this way or that way with it, and do I think I could've gotten some opportunities if I would've done this versus that? Sure, but for me, that's just not something I was comfortable with, frankly … I mean, I've been doing this since I was 12.
“Imagine, imagine what that's like.”
Reflecting on her own experiences, Alba said it was “about time” for the #MeToo movement, which has seen women in the entertainment industry and beyond come forward with stories of sexual harassment and assault.
“I think things have been imbalanced for way too long and I think it's about time.
“No-one gave me a handout. No-one gave me an opportunity. I had to fight for it, but it would be nice if I had some people who helped me along the way and I didn't have to fall on my face so much, and it would've been also nice to have more women mentor me and help me along the way.”
The mother-of-three said her experiences had led her to teach her daughters about taking control of their bodies.
She told host Anna Coren: “There are warning signs and there's that feeling in your stomach and you have to listen to that feeling.”
Alba added that, although there is an awareness about the need for diversity in the film-making industry, she hopes the next decade will usher in more diversity “behind the camera and in front of the camera”.
© Press Association 2018
Ruapehu Alpine Lifts hopes to have a $25 million gondola ready to zoom people up the mountain in all weathers by the start of the 2019 ski season, CEO Ross Copland says.
The project is the highest economic development priority for the Ruapehu District and could eventually make for 100 new fulltime jobs. New Zealand already has at least three other gondolas, at Rotorua, Christchurch and Queenstown.
The gondola is to have 50 cabins, each holding 10 passengers and moving at 6m per second, Mr Copland said. It will be capable of taking 2400 people up Mt Ruapehu every hour.
It's just one element of the $100 million the Ruapehu Alpine Lifts (RAL) board decided to invest over the next 10 years.
Advertisement
The gondola would leave the Whakapapa base at the Top o' the Bruce and climb to Knoll Ridge, replacing the Waterfall Express chairlift. It will be better for cold and rainy weather, and be closed less often.
The cost will be about as much as a return trip on chairlifts - about $35, Mr Copland said. In winter it will be mainly used by skiers, but there will also be people who want to sled, build a snowman or go to the Knoll Ridge Cafe.
In summer sightseers taking it will be able to take short walks, including one to a ridgeline with amazing views.
RAL already has a gondola concept design. It is now working on engineering details.
Funding is being sought from Government and local individuals and businesses, Mr Copland said. When agreements are reached he will know how much RAL itself is paying.
His company is a public benefit entity, started mainly for skiers. It owns assets at Whakapapa and Turoa ski areas and has 4000 shareholders. Under its constitution all profit it makes must be reinvested.
The proposed spend on the gondola follows $22 million spent on Whakapapa in the past 18 months, and $25 million spent at Turoa in 2007.
Katy Perry and Orlando Bloom have sparked reports they're dating again after the former couple was spotted cuddling at Ed Sheeran's concert on Saturday night.
The Roar singer and the actor took in Sheeran's gig at the Staples Center in Los Angeles and they weren't trying to hide how they still feel about each other.
In a photo shared on Instagram by a fan, the former couple looked cozy in matching baseball caps, while another concertgoer claims Katy sat on Bloom's lap for much of the night.
Katy Perry has been spotted with Orlando Bloom at Ed Sheeran's concert. Are they back together again? pic.twitter.com/pyQgpOzgrD — Pop Crave (@PopCrave) August 13, 2017
“They looked like they were having the time of their lives,” a source tells E! News.
Katy and Orlando dated for much of last year before breaking up in February.
$11.77 per week *
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $11.77 per week.
You will be billed $66.30 per month after the trial ends
A full-time move to Indycar is looking like a real possibility for Fernando Alonso.
After doing the 2017 Indy 500 with Alonso, it is already rumoured that McLaren is now considering joining the American series full-time — initially in partnership with an existing team but going it alone by 2020.
The British outfit has already signed up former Indycar champion Gil de Ferran as a consultant.
"You'll see him around," McLaren executive Zak Brown said of de Ferran. "In Detroit at the Indycar race in a couple of weeks time and around our formula one garage often."
In fact, it now emerges that Brown will accompany de Ferran to Detroit.
And according to sources, also part of the McLaren entourage will be Luis Garcia Abad, who is Alonso's manager.
When you are in a car accident, you need honest and hardworking professionals. Choose Fetcho's and receive a written lifetime guarantee on all repairs. At Fetcho's we do more than repair your vehicle.
We follow a code of ethics. We pledge to give you honesty, quality, integrity and safety with every repair. We will be happy to help you in any way possible.
Fetcho's is located at 1020 Murfreesboro Road in Lebanon. Call at 615-453-4471.
The Gold medallist tells Gabrielle Fagan about how she balances motherhood and cycling.
With four Olympic Gold medals, Laura Kenny is Britain's most successful female Olympian.
It's a remarkable achievement for a woman who was born four weeks early with a collapsed lung, spent her first six weeks in intensive care and her childhood battling permanent chest infections due to asthma.
Advised to take up sport to improve her health, she's defied the odds and has gone on to win two track cycling Gold medals at the 2012 London Olympics, and two more at the Rio games in 2016.
Defying the doubters, the 26-year-old, who's married to fellow track cyclist Jason Kenny, got back into competing only six months after having their son, Albert, who is now 10 months old.
Here, Kenny shares how motherhood has changed her life, and how she's more relaxed than ever before.
How has having your son Albie changed you?
“It's completely changed both Jason and me. Becoming parents has made us realise there's more to life than just bike riding. It's totally altered our perspective and made us see everything in a completely different light – now we don't stress about small, unimportant things.
“We're more relaxed than we've ever been before, because there can't be a strict plan now Albie's here. He's the priority. If he was ill or I felt he needed me when I had a training session, it would be his needs first.
“I still really care about training, though. As an athlete, every time you put your leg over your bike, you care about it – because it's too hard to do half-heartedly.”
Do you have the same struggles with a young baby as any other mum?
“Of course, we're a normal family. Albie's an absolute nightmare about sleeping; he wakes up every couple of hours throughout the night, which is exhausting.
“I usually take him into a different room and co-sleep with him. Some people criticise co-sleeping and say you should leave him to cry, but I can't bear to leave him crying for even 30 seconds.
“Every morning, Jase takes Albie off for two hours while I catch up on sleep. He's an unbelievable dad – we share the parenting 50/50, so he does the cooking while I look after Albie.”
Did you consider retiring when you became a mum?
Jason Kenny after winning the Gold medal in the Men's Keirin Final in 2016 with Laura Trott beside him, wearing her own Gold medal (David Davies/PA)
“No, I knew I'd be a working mum. Dame Jessica Ennis-Hill really inspired me – she returned to the track after having her son.
“It was hard getting fit again after I'd given birth; I'd gone from competing in the 2016 Rio Olympics, where I was probably the fittest I'd ever been, to being pregnant and six months away from training. I'd never really had a break before.
“My body definitely didn't just snap back to peak fitness, so it was tough initially, but I've regained my strength far quicker than I expected.
“Winning silver in the Women's Team Pursuit in the World Championships in the Netherlands really vindicated my decision to come back. Albie was there, looked after by my parents and Jason, which made it even more special. That success showed me that sacrificing time with Albie was worthwhile and that I was on track again with my career.”
You've said you suffer from ‘mum guilt' when you have to leave your son – how do you cope with that?
Straight in from training, straight back into mummy mode. Bath time and bed. 9 months old and I still get mum guilt. Will I ever not feel guilty for leaving him? https://t.co/P5KofC3BZ5 — Laura Kenny (@LauraKenny31) June 4, 2018
“Tweeting about it really helped because people told me to think about how proud Albie would eventually be of his mum and dad. It's still really hard leaving him when I go to training, as I'm away for around five hours.
“I've taken him abroad for events, even though it breaks his routine, because I haven't been able to leave him for a night yet. The thought of him waking up and wanting a cuddle, and me not being there, really freaks me out.”
Has having a baby affected your sporting performance?
Kenny before competing in the Women's Omnium at the Track Cycling World Championships in 2016 (Tim Goode/PA)
“Oddly, I think it's helped improve my performance. I always used to get very nervous before competing, not in the velodrome, but in the days before. Now I'm so busy looking after Albie that nerves are becoming a thing of the past.
“Recently, I was in the shower before a race and my dad was looking after Albie. Through the door, I could hear him saying, ‘Albie, don't eat the toilet paper'. Even just laughing at small moments like that distracts me from getting tense and worrying about things like I did before.”
Are you still just as ambitious to achieve your sporting goals?
Kenny with her medal at the Rio Olympics Games. (David Davies/PA).
“Totally. Although I'm the most successful female Olympian, I want to go even further. I want to be on the all-time list – not just the female list. My goal is the 2020 Tokyo Olympics, so although we want more children eventually, we won't be having any more before that.
“Albie's made me even more driven because I really want to inspire him, not necessarily to follow in our footsteps, but to lead an active, healthy life. He already has his first bike without peddles.”
You suffer from asthma and acid reflux – are those conditions hard to deal with?
Celebrating winning gold in the women's Omnium at the UCI Track Cycling World Championships in London in 2016 (John Walton/PA)
“I think I've outgrown the asthma and I don't use inhalers any more. I get acid reflux, which makes me sick after exercise and I feel like my head's going to explode. It's annoying.”
How do you look after your wellbeing?
“I try to enjoy every moment of life because it passes so quickly. Being with my family, who just treat me as ‘Laura', and not as some sporting superstar, helps to keep my feet on the ground. Being with Jase, Albie and our two dogs is the perfect way to relax and unwind.”
Why are you campaigning about preventing accidents to cyclists from car-dooring?
(Jamie Smith/PA)
“Car-dooring is a real problem. It's down to the fact that people don't look and are too quick to get out of the car. I've had a few near misses myself and luckily I've not been injured, but people in my cycling team have been hit – one had broken ribs. Addison Lee's research found 65% of people either knew somebody who'd been hit by a car door or had been hit by a car door themselves.”
Laura Kenny has launched the ‘Addison Lean' – which encourages drivers and passengers to use their hand the furthest away from the car door to open it, to help spot oncoming cyclists. Visit addisonlee.com for more information.
© Press Association 2018
Bright Food Group of China agreed to sell Weetabix to Post Holdings for about £1.4 billion after owning the British breakfast staple for five years, during which it struggled to interest Chinese consumers in cold cereal.
When Bright Food acquired the maker of the oval-shaped cereal bricks in 2012 it said it wanted to grow the brand in China and overseas. It floated the idea of listing Weetabix in 2014, but the cereal never gained enough traction in a country where consumers traditionally eat hot breakfasts like congee.
“We can see that demand for cereals is growing due to health-consciousness, especially among female consumers exposed to western lifestyles, but Weetabix did not make many inroads, probably because Bright Food does not have experience in this area,” Jiaqi Du, research manager for packaged food at Euromonitor International in Shanghai, said by phone.
The deal gives Post, the owner of brands such as Grape Nuts, Shredded Wheat and Honey Bunches of Oats, a stronger presence in the UK.
The country accounted for four-fifths of Weetabix's 346 million pounds of revenue in the year ended January 2nd, 2016, according to financial statements. Total sales dropped 1.6 per cent from a year earlier, and profit fell 15 per cent to £84.6 million.
Overseas owners of British companies have been hit by the fall in the pound since the vote to leave the European Union, which reduces their earnings when converted into local currencies. Yet Brexit has prompted a flurry of acquisitions by cutting the price of UK assets.
The Weetabix deal was confirmed by Bright Food spokesman Pan Jianjun by phone on Tuesday. Bright Food, whose 2012 deal valued the cereal-maker at about 1.2 billion pounds, owns a 60 per cent stake, while Baring Private Equity Asia Ltd. holds the remaining 40 per cent.
Representatives for Post didn't respond to requests for comment. China's breakfast cereal market was worth $933 million in 2016, according to Euromonitor, with ready-to-eat cereals like Weetabix accounting for about one-quarter of that total.
Bloomberg
An unmoving woman fell from an SUV into an intersection. The driver calmly picked her up and drove off
LOS ANGELES (AP) — The powerful Hollywood talent agency CAA is canceling its annual Golden Globe Awards party and planning to form a legal defense fund to assist workplace harassment victims across all industries.
A person with knowledge of the plans who spoke on the condition of anonymity because they were not authorized to speak publicly said Monday that the funds normally used for the Globes party, which would celebrate nominated clients like Meryl Streep, Reese Witherspoon, Nicole Kidman and Tom Hanks, will be instead be redirected to establish the fund.
The agency has also committed itself to establishing gender parity in its leadership by the year 2020, following the lead of ICM Partners.
The Hollywood Reporter first reported the news.
Advertisement
The Golden Globes will be handed out Jan. 7 and will be followed by several after-parties.
DALLAS (AP) — Jamie Benn had good company on the Dallas Stars' top line on Saturday night.
Benn and Tyler Seguin each had a goal and an assist during a four-goal second period and Seguin added another assist in the third, and Alexander Radulov provided a goal and an assist as Dallas beat the Minnesota Wild 6-1.
“The line was good, and Radulov was exceptional,” Dallas coach Ken Hitchcock said. “His hunt on the puck and his hound on the puck and the strength on the puck. He was a reckless player today in a good way.”
Seguin has 25 goals, and Benn and Radulov 21 each.
“I can't say that our line was the best line tonight,” Seguin said. “I thought it was as close to a whole team effort as you're going to get.
Dallas increased its lead for the Western Conference's first wild card to three points. Minnesota missed a chance to move a point ahead of the Stars.
“We could have leapt over them,” Wild coach Bruce Boudreau said. “It's depressing, but you can't let it get you down.”
After a scoreless first period, Mattias Janmark and Benn scored on the power play, Seguin scored on an assist from Benn, and Stephen Johns added an unassisted goal. Radulov and Dan Hamhuis scored in the third period for the Stars, and Kari Lehtonen stopped 30 shots to win his fourth straight.
“He's been a starter for most of his life,” Hitchcock said of Lehtonen, now a backup to Ben Bishop. “He thinks like a starter, acts like a starter.”
Jason Zucker spoiled Lehtonen's shutout bid at 5:40 of the third period. Alex Stalock stopped 25 of the 29 shots he faced through the first two periods, and Devan Dubnyk gave up two goals on nine shots in the third.
In an evenly played first period, neither team had a goal or a penalty as the Wild outshot the Stars 10-9.
That all changed midway through the second period, when Minnesota drew the first two penalties and Dallas scored on both power plays sandwiched around the goal by Johns in a span of 4:08.
Zucker went off for high sticking Lehtonen at 7:41 and Janmark deflected John Klingberg's shot from the blue line past Stalock at 8:59.
“I've got to be careful going to the net high like that,” Zucker said. “We've got to respond better after a goal, and not let them get another goal so quick.”
Johns stole the puck from Nino Niederreiter in the neutral zone, skated in to the right faceoff circle and sent the puck just inside the right goalpost just 48 seconds later.
“You could see that once they got the second goal, everybody was like this with their shoulders slumping,” Boudreau said.
Dallas swarmed Minnesota's net on the second power play. Devin Shore's backhand from just to the left of the goal rebounded to Benn on the right for an easy goal at 11:49.
Seguin increased the Stars' sudden lead to 4-0, taking a pass from Benn low in the left circle.
NOTES: Bishop was scratched after being hit in the face by a puck while sitting on the bench during Thursday's game at Arizona. Rookie Landon Bow was recalled from Texas of the AHL to back up Lehtonen. … Commemorating 25 years in Dallas since moving from Minnesota, the Stars had four players from the 1993-94 team — Paul Cavallini, Russ Courtnall, Dave Gagner and Craig Ludwig — drop ceremonial first pucks. … Stars LW Antoine Roussel returned after missing two games because of a nasal infection. … Minnesota was playing back-to-back nights after a 5-2 home win over Vegas on Friday. … The Wild came in with a seven-game streak of scoring on the power play, during which they had eight goals. At the other end, they have allowed seven goals in their last 10 penalty-killing attempts over the last four games.
UP NEXT
Wild: At St. Louis on Tuesday night.
Stars: Host the New York Rangers on Monday night.
(© Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All Rights Reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.)
Sir Kenneth Branagh has described how trips to the cinema in the 1960s Belfast helped to unlock an imagination which has produced some of the world's favourite films.
The acclaimed actor and director came ‘home' earlier this week to accept the honour of Freeman of the City.
Press Eye - Belfast - Northern Ireland - 30th January 2018 - Sir Kenneth Branagh is pictured visiting HMS Caroline with Lord Mayor of Belfast Councillor Nuala McAllister before becoming a Freeman of the City of Belfast. Photo by Kelvin Boyes / Press Eye
During his visit he spoke about his distinguished career and how it was shaped by his formative years in Belfast.
Sir Kenneth, who left the Province aged nine, grew up in the Tiger's Bay area. His dad was a joiner and his mum worked in a chip shop.
The 57-year-old said growing up as part of a large extended family with a passion for storytelling shaped him to become “celebratory about language and stories”.
Of the honour bestowed on him on Tuesday, he said: “Connected to this great honour, I felt a tremendous sense of freedom while I was here. I felt physically free in the city.
Press Eye - Belfast - Northern Ireland - 30th January 2018 - Sir Kenneth Branagh is pictured at a celebration event in the Ulster Hall after he became a Freeman of the City . He is pictured with Lord Mayor of Belfast Councillor Nuala McAllister, Alderman Pat Convery, Alderman Brian Kingston and Suzanne Wylie, Chief Executive of Belfast City Council. Photo by Kelvin Boyes / Press Eye
“Although it was a big city it had a village feel that you could never get lost. I felt safe. It felt like everyone knew each other. It encouraged me to be imaginative and open.”
Having begun his professional acting career in Graham Reid's acclaimed ‘Billy' plays set in Belfast, Sir Kenneth revealed to the News Letter that the role of Billy had proved to be his first and last acting role as a character from Northern Ireland.
He admitted he has struggled to find an Ulster-based story or character that can live up to the high standards set by Graham Reid's Billy plays.
He said: “One of the things I was really struck by in doing [the Billy series of plays] was just how far it travelled.
Blank Caption
“People liked the specific colour of it, the accents, the visuals [but] it was immaterial the fact it was set in Northern Ireland. This was about family situations and social problems.
“I was spoilt by what a fine piece of work that was by Graham and was honoured to work with the late, great Jimmy Ellis.
“Of course, being an Irish trilogy there were four plays,” he joked.
He said NI was proving to be a “strong example to the rest of the world” on how to set up the long-term infrastructure as a filming location.
He also commended those involved in film in the Province for their “grass roots” work educating children on the possible careers available.
At the City Hall press conference Lurgan College student Maja Ochojska, 17, a reporter with Into Film, asked Sir Kenneth how his childhood shaped his career in film.
He said: “We did things as a family and I remember great big wide screen experiences [in cinemas] here. As an artist you come back to the things that grabbed you as a child.
“What it did for me was allowed me to discover that you can immerse yourself in a film. It was escapism in the best possible sense.
“It made me dream, made me imagine. For me, a film is about the unlocking of imagination.
“I feel as though the last three or four movies which I've made – big Hollywood movies in a sense of scale, tone, big actors and all the rest of it – are what I started watching here.”
On becoming a Freeman of the City he said: “It's very humbling and incredibly amazing to follow in the footsteps of so many extraordinary people including some very fine artists and particularly last year the nurses of Belfast.”
Lana appeared on The Tomorrow Show with Keven Undergaro, which was co-hosted by Sean Waltman, and discussed her WWE character, her dream of being the Women's Champion, Vince McMahon and more. They sent us these highlights:
"Oh my Gosh, there are so many things. I definitely would like to wrestle, for sure. I mean, I would love to be Women's Champion before a child. Why not? Like I said, it's WWE, anything can happen. It's sports entertainment."
Vince McMahon taught Lana to keep "evolving":
"I've learned so many things from Vince McMahon, I mean he's just like a knowledge of stuff. But one thing he told me about my character... Lana, has to evolve, just like as humans, we have to keep on evolving and keep on changing. We should never stop changing, and we should never stop evolving, and I was like, 'woah, that's really deep, let me take that with me for life!'"
Triple H and Dusty Rhodes came up with Lana's persona by having her watch Rocky IV:
"Triple H actually was a big person and Dusty Rhodes telling me to watch Rocky IV and instantly I was like, 'You want me to be this? You want me to be that serious person?' Because I feel like I'm a light-hearted person, I love comedy, and even all the stuff I was doing at WWE when I first came to developmental was, everything was more like light-hearted stuff. So I'm like, 'Rocky IV?' But that's what we did when I saw it, we tried it, started doing that influence... I watched it a lot."
Enzo / Rusev storyline highlights and how Triple H brings things to the "next level"
"The hotel stuff was awesome. The thing that we did with the hotel, actually Triple H produced the whole thing. So, that was great. I mean, he took it to a whole other level. He made the whole pre-tape and backstage so much better."
Vince McMahon and Dusty Rhodes bringing their love of Game of Thrones to WWE:
Lana: "I know he [Vince] loves Game of Thrones. Yeah, he loves Game of Thrones and he loves Cersei."
Sean: "Dusty was a huge Game of Thrones fan."
Lana: "So that's another inspiration, it's just so funny, this is why you should watch a lot of things because I think you can get inspiration from a lot of things . So the whole kind of idea of me controlling the brute was Dusty's idea ,which is an interesting spin, so it becomes not just like [a] Russian [gimmick] but it was like I was in charge of the brute, was and the more of like the conniving character. [It] was Dusty's idea from Khaleesi - she controls the dragons and that was like everything, and Dusty was so forward for his time. Dusty was so brilliant, he basically predicted everything that we, me and Rusev eventually did on TV."
The impact that WWE producer Ryan Katz had on her:
"Oh my gosh I love Ryan Katz! He's amazing! He was the first person to say Rocky IV. He was actually with me in my tryout,we got the job together. So they were trying him out for film, at my tryout, they were using him, the documenter, and then they hired him from that. I remember I would text him, because he's so creative, he's so brilliant, he's one of my close, close friends. I would text him like, 'oh let's shoot this promo.' I'm not even signed to WWE and he would come over to my apartment and we would shoot these promos and create, he's just such a creative mind. But when he when I first started in developmental, [he said], 'I think you should do really the Russian thing, I think you should just mock the Rocky IV thing, I think you should be really serious and really stern and really Russian.' and I'm like, 'uhh really? I have to be serious all the time?"
Training to wrestle during her free time at NXT:
"I don't like to overly plan life but I've trained. I've been training since the beginning of getting there and would like to reap the reward of all those days off that I go. I go to the NXT a lot, all the time, and I don't have days off and I'm there training or coming early to the live events, so of course, I would like to have a match at some point, but it's all about the story so I don't have to rush it. It doesn't have to be tomorrow, even though if Vince McMahon needs it tomorrow, if I have to have a single, then we'll do it."
Sean Waltman compares Lana to Miss Elizabeth:
Sean: "I always looked at you, like, more like the Miss Elizabeth. If I had to compare you to anyone."
Lana: "Miss Elizabeth is one of my favorites of all time."
Sean: "She always maintained that classiness, number one, and although they tried to do the wrestling with you, it's not like it's been a regular thing. Elizabeth never wrestled, and nor should she have, and my personal opinion is that Lana should never wrestle. That's what the other ladies do. And she's so much different."
Follow Raj Giri on Twitter at @RajGiri_303. Got a news tip or correction? Send it to us by clicking here.
Market Highlights:
5G is the up-coming fifth-generation wireless broadband technology which is based on the IEEE 802.11ac standard. 5G connectivity is going to provide better speeds and coverage than other connectivity. The technology operates with a 5 GHz signal and offers a speed up to 1GB per second. The signal technology also provides better coverage and signaling efficiency. The 5G technology is expected to launch by 2020.
The factors contributing to the growth of the 5G technology are the shift toward new broadband technology, growing demand for high data speed, huge network coverage, and stable growth in the mobile data traffic, increasing demand for machine-to- machine communication in organizations and the increasing demand for broadband services over other mobile networks. The continuous demand from subscribers for better mobile broadband experiences is encouraging the growth of the 5G technology market. The market is expected to grow at a fast pace in 2020.
Request a Sample Report @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/sample_request/2988
Major Key Players
Telstra (Australia),
KT (South Korea),
Turkcell (Turkey),
SoftBank (Japan),
SK Telecom (South Korea),
LG Uplus (South Korea),
NTT DOCOMO (Japan),
KDDI (Japan),
MTS (Russia),
China Mobile (China),
TeliaSonera (Sweden), Telefónica (Spain), Vodafone Group (U.K.), Singtel (Singapore), Verizon (U.S.), T-Mobile (U.S.), China Unicom (China), and Deutsche Telekom (Germany) among other are some of the prominent players profiled in MRFR Analysis and are at the forefront of competition in the Global 5G Technology Market.
Other players in the market include Korea Telecom (South Korea), Nokia Networks (Finland), Samsung (South Korea), Qualcomm (U.S.), Intel (U.S.), NEC Corporation (Japan), Huawei (China), Verizon (U.S.), AT&T (U.S.), T-Mobile USA, Inc., LG (South Korea), and China Mobile (China).
5G technology Global Market – Regional Analysis
On the basis of region, North America is expected to gain the most promising returns in the 5G technology market. U.S and Canada are expected to drive the growth of the 5G technology market in North America owing to the presence of a large number of established key players and increasing demand for high speed data connectivity across different industry verticals. 5G technology market in Asia Pacific is expected to drive the growth of 5G technology market and Japan is expected to show most promising returns among other countries. This is owing to growing urbanization and increasing investments in the research and development sector in China, Japan, and India in the region.
5G technology Global Market – Segmentation
The 5G technology market can be classified into 4 key segments for the convenience of the report and enhanced understanding;
Segmentation by Usability: Comprises Enhanced Mobile Broadband, Massive Internet of Things and Mission Critical Services.
Segmentation by Technology: Radio Access Technologies (RAT), Wi-Fi, High-Speed Package Access (HSPA), Global System for Mobile (GSM), and Worldwide Interoperability for Microwave Access (WiMAX).
Segmentation by Application: Healthcare, Consumer Electronics, Retail, Home Automation, Energy & Utility, Automotive, Industrial Automation, Intelligent Buildings and Infrastructure, and Public Safety & Surveillance.
Segmentation by Region: North America, Europe, Asia Pacific and Rest of the World.
Browse Complete Report @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/reports/5g-technology-market-2988
Intended Audience:
James DeGale has vacated his IBF super-middleweight title to allow him to focus on “securing the biggest fights” available to him.
The 32-year-old became the first British Olympic gold medallist to win a professional world title when in 2015 he outpointed Andre Dirrell in Boston.
He had since impressively - and unusually - defended it largely on American soil, including drawing a unification fight with Badou Jack and reclaiming his title following an unexpected defeat by Caleb Truax in London, but is expected to conclude his career in the UK.
It seems he remains in contention to fight WBO middleweight champion and fellow 2008 Olympian Billy Joe Saunders at London's 02 Arena on September 15.
He would also prove a logical opponent for the winner of the upcoming World Boxing Super Series final between WBA super-middleweight champion George Groves and challenger Callum Smith, or for domestic rival Chris Eubank Jnr.
“I have relinquished my IBF title as I look to secure big fights in the final chapter of my career,” DeGale wrote on social media.
“I've achieved so much, Olympic gold, British and European titles and becoming a two-time world champion.
“This is the final phase of my career where I want to be involved in the biggest fights possible.
“My team have been working very hard behind the scenes and we've got some exciting news to announce soon.”
More than 1,600 volunteers perform service projects at more than 64 local sites
On Saturday, United Way of Santa Barbara County held the 20th Annual Day of Caring volunteer event to kick off its Community Campaign, which raises pledges to support a local network of health, human and community building services.
Volunteers gathered at 8 a.m. at the Page Youth Center and enjoyed a breakfast donated by Albertsons. From 9 a.m. to 1 p.m., volunteers helped local nonprofit agencies with hands-on work assignments.
Twenty-one Pacesetter Organizations that conducted their campaign before Day of Caring reported that to date more than $250,000 in pledges had already been collected.
At the kickoff, the Dos Pueblos High School Drumline marched into the center, followed by the SBCC Cheer Squad to rally volunteers and create excitement.
After the San Marcos High School Madrigals sang the national anthem, Rep. Lois Capps, D-Santa Barbara, said a few heartfelt and encouraging words to the volunteers, who proceeded to their assignments in the community.
More than 1,600 volunteers participated, including young people from local schools, families, churches, community service groups and workplaces, at more than 64 sites across the tri-counties. Some of the largest sites included Bohnett Park, Adams Elementary School, Dos Pueblos High School (Goleta Valley Beautiful) and the Alpha Resource Center.
Projects varied between landscape work, planting, painting, habitat restoration and office work throughout Carpinteria, Santa Barbara, Goleta and Santa Ynez. The work that was done in just four hours equals to more than $275,000 worth of improvements to the Santa Barbara community.
“Thanks for all your work coordinating Day of Caring,” said Jane Highstreet, media and special events coordinator for the Council on Alcoholism and Drug Abuse. “It makes a world of difference in Santa Barbara, and I know it is such a blessing to so many nonprofit organizations.”
Kickoff sponsors for the 20th Annual Day of Caring included ABC-CLIO, Cox, Montecito Bank & Trust, and Santa Barbara Bank & Trust.
Click here for more information about the Day of Caring or United Way.
— Kerstin Padilla is an event and marketing coordinator for United Way of Santa Barbara County.
On a day of rapidly swirling weather and fortunes, Novak Djokovic emerged from a second perfunctory win against a qualifier to stay in the conversation about who is good enough to stop Rafael Nadal winning his 11th French Open. He could get to the quarter-finals; once there he might even find another gear or two, which was his trademark in his pomp.
Certainly the former champion is in shape comparable to that of younger contenders in Alexander Zverev, who took five sets to defeat the world number 60 Dusan Lajovic, and Grigor Dimitrov, who survived a tempestuous battle over four hours and 19 minutes against the American Jared Donaldson, who was reduced at one point to serving under-arm.
Djokovic, who beat Dutra Silva in the first round, had to work his way past the stubborn challenge of 21-year-old Spanish qualifier Jaume Munar – ranked 155 in the world – after which he took time to reflect on the troubles of an absent friend, Andy Murray, with whom he has had long conversations.
“I can only imagine how difficult it is for him to deal with the circumstances of injury,” he said. “That's something that I can relate to. I have had quite a similar situation, although his injury takes more time, obviously. Hopefully we can see him playing on grass because that's where, I guess, he wants to play.”
He does, passionately. But it will not be easy.
Nearly a year after he and Murray left Wimbledon, wounded losers who had driven each other to their physical limits in pursuit of the world number one ranking, the Serb is still standing – just, at 22 in the world – while the Scot's prospects of fulfilling his commitment to end an 11-month sabbatical on the Dutch grass of Rosmalen the week after the French Open remain as clear as mud.
Hip surgery
The hip surgery in January that Murray hoped would restore him to full fitness has not clicked as well as he had originally thought, and there is uncertainty in the camp that he will make it to the line in the Netherlands – or even Wimbledon.
If he misses the grasscourt season he will have no ranking. If he were to make his comeback where he has won two of his three grand slam titles, he would be outside the top 150 for the first time since August 2005. Those are scary digits.
Djokovic knows as much about struggle and injury as anyone on the Tour. His chronically painful right elbow kept him out for the rest of the year after Wimbledon, and his comeback, which involved a recent “minor procedure”, has gone from a limping exit in Melbourne to a decent stroll in Rome last week, where he fought hard against Nadal, and gathered conviction in two wins here.
On Friday he will need to lift his game against Roberto Bautista Agut, who saw off the Colombian qualifier Santiago Giraldo in just over two hours.
“We have spoken directly – and indirectly, through his brother,” Djokovic said of Murray after a workmanlike 7-6 (1), 6-4, 6-4 victory against Munar on Court Suzanne-Lenglen. “We are part of the [ATP] player council, and he was on the conference call. We got to have a FaceTime, as well. He was very committed for like three, four hours. He's got two children now, and life at home for sure is different, and I can understand [that].”
Philosophical context
As for his own up-and-down journey, Djokovic, true to his enthusiasm for spiritual enlightenment over the past couple of years, tried to put it in a philosophical context. Asked if getting out of his current rut was harder than when he had a similar experience in 2008, he said: “It's all a personal perspective, how you perceive things in life. It can be really tough and it can be really easy. Everything starts and ends with us in our minds.
“To sit here and talk about how tough it is, and you have people starving to death, for me there is no point in talking about that. It's just the way it is.
“As an athlete I have to face these challenges, I will call them and, if I overcome them or not, it's just a matter of work that I have put in, luck at times, and circumstances. That's it. I have achieved so much in my life and I'm very, very grateful for that.”
The Transparency Market Research report examines the Latin America BFS technology market for the forecast period 2016-2024. The primary objective of the report is to identify opportunities in the market and present updates as well as insights pertaining to various segments of the Latin America BFS technology market.
Request For Sample Report: http://www.mrrse.com/sample/2970
The report begins with an overview of the Latin America BFS technology market, evaluating market performance in terms of revenue, followed by TMR's analysis of key trends, drivers, and restraints witnessed in the Latin America market. Impact analysis of the key growth drivers and restraints based on the weighted average model is also included in the report. To compute the market size, in-depth secondary research is done. Data points such as regional splits and market split by material type, and end use has been assimilated to arrive at appropriate market estimates. The report comprises the forecast of the Latin America revenue generated by the sales of flexible packaging market.
TMR triangulates the data via different analysis based on supply side, demand side as well as the dynamics of flexible packaging market. It not only conduct forecasts in terms of value, but also evaluate the market on the basis of essential parameters, such as Year-on-Year (Y-o-Y) growth. This helps providers to recognize the future opportunities as well predictability of the market.
Latin America Blow Fill Seal (BFS) Technology Market: Research Methodology
In order to understand and assess opportunities in the Latin America BFS technology market, the report is categorically divided into four key sections on the basis of product type, material type, end use and region. The report analyses the Latin America BFS technology market in terms of value (US$ Mn) and volume (Mn Units).
Send An Enquiry: http://www.mrrse.com/enquiry/2970
Another vital feature of this report is the analysis of the BFS technology market by corresponding revenue forecast in terms of absolute dollar opportunity. This is traditionally overlooked while forecasting the market. However, absolute dollar opportunity is critical in assessing the level of opportunity that a provider can look to achieve as well as to identify potential resources from a sales perspective of the Latin America BFS technology market.
To understand key segments in terms of their growth and performance in the BFS technology market, Transparency Market Research has developed a market attractiveness index. The resulting index should help providers identify existing market opportunities in the Latin America BFS technology market.
Latin America Blow Fill Seal (BFS) Technology Market: Competitive Landscape
In the final section of the report, BFS technology market competitive landscape is included to provide a dashboard view of companies that manufacture and provide services of BFS technology market. The report contains company profiles of some of the key players in the Latin America BFS technology market.
Browse Full Report With TOC: http://www.mrrse.com/latin-america-blow-fill-seal-technology-market
Some of the key players in LATIN AMERICA BFS technology market include Unither Pharmaceuticals, Takeda Pharmaceuticals International AG, Brevetti Angela S.R.L., Unipharma, LLC, Horizon Pharmaceuticals, Inc., Weiler Engineering Inc., Rommelag Kunststoff-Maschinen Vertriebsgesellschaft mbH, and Nephron Pharmaceuticals Corporation.
The Latin America market for BFS technology is segmented into:
By Product Type
Bottles
2-100 ml
100-500 ml
Above 500 ml
Ampoules
1-10 ml
10-100 ml
Vials
1-10 ml
10-50 ml
Others
By Material Type
PE (Polyethylene)
LDPE (Low Density Polyethylene)
HDPE (High Density Polyethylene)
PP (Polypropylene)
Others (EVOH (Ethylene Vinyl Alcohol, etc.)
By End User
Pharmaceutical
Food & Beverage
Cosmetic & Personal Care
Others
By Country
Brazil
Argentina
Mexico
Venezuela
Colombia
Rest of Latin America
About Us
Market Research Reports Search Engine (MRRSE) is an industry-leading database of market intelligence reports. MRRSE is driven by a stellar team of research experts and advisors trained to offer objective advice. Our sophisticated search algorithm returns results based on the report title, geographical region, publisher, or other keywords.
MRRSE partners exclusively with leading global publishers to provide clients single-point access to top-of-the-line market research. MRRSE's repository is updated every day to keep its clients ahead of the next new trend in market research, be it competitive intelligence, product or service trends or strategic consulting.
Contact
State Tower
90, State Street
Suite 700
Albany, NY – 12207
United States Telephone: +1-518-730-0559
Email: sales@mrrse.com
Website: http://www.mrrse.com/
LONDON (AP) " The Latest on the London fire (all times local):
4 a.m.
Metropolitan Police in London say they're continuing to evacuate people from a massive apartment fire in west London.
The fire has been burning for more than three hours and stretches from the second to the 27th floor of the building.
Advertisement
The cause of the fire is not yet known. It's also not clear whether people are trapped.
Assistant Commissioner Dan Daly says on the London Fire Brigade's Facebook page that it's a large and very serious fire.
He says firefighters wearing breathing apparatus are working extremely hard in very difficult conditions to tackle the fire.
Forty fire engines and 200 firefighters and officers have been called to the scene.
___
2 a.m.
Firefighters were battling a massive fire in a London apartment high-rise early Monday morning. One side of the building appeared to be in flames, and 45 fire engines and 200 firefighters were called to the scene.
The London Fire Brigade tweeted that the fire involved the second to the top floor of the 27-story building.
The building is the Grenfell Tower in the North Kensington area.
The Metropolitan Police said two people were being treated at the scene for smoke inhalation and cordons were in place.
George Clarke, the presenter of "Amazing Spaces," told Radio 5 Live he was covered in ash even though he was 100 meters (yards) from the scene.
He said he saw people waving flashlights from the top levels of the building and saw rescuers "doing an incredible job" trying to get people out.
Iraqi Vice President Nouri al-Maliki has hailed Iran's support for his country in the fight against terrorist groups, saying the Islamic Republic alone came to the help of Iraq in the war on Daesh Takfiri militants.
The Iraqi armed forces did not possess adequate weapons to fight the Daesh terrorist group but Iran equipped them with much-needed military hardware, Maliki said in a press conference in Tehran on Monday.
He added that Iran was the only country to assist Iraq in the battle against Daesh and other terrorist groups.
Maliki said several countries had declared their readiness to help Iraq in its war on terrorism but only Iran backed up its words with actions.
The former Iraqi prime minister also blasted Saudi Arabia's policies in the Middle East and said Riyadh is the breeding ground for terrorism.
Maliki emphasized that Saudi Arabia has failed to achieve its objectives in the region and is currently paying the price for its wrong policy of supporting terrorists.
The Iraqi veep further said his current visit to Tehran is aimed at improving mutual relations, adding that the two countries have close and strategic ties.
Maliki arrived in Tehran on Saturday to hold talks with senior Iranian officials.
Iraqi Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi on August 10 hailed the presence of Iranian military advisors in the country's battle against Daesh terrorists and said the Iranian advisors were present in Iraq on Baghdad's request.
—
Just because the federal government won't do their job, doesn't mean we stop doing ours.
Make sure you join the tens of thousands of Australians venting their frustration at a postal vote plebiscite by enrolling to vote, updating your details today, and telling all your friends and family to do the same.
Together let's show that our reaction to the government's insulting postal vote plan is to get more politically engaged and active than ever before.
This starts with making sure you and all your friends and family are being counted and are on the electoral role. Enrol and update now at www.aec.gov.au/enrol.
Ian Thorpe joined the Equality Campaign on the weekend at Sydney's City to Surf where we signed up lots of new voters and ensured people had their most recent address on the role. People felt let down by the government, but ready to stand up for fairness and equality and make sure they were ready to vote.
We met Bel Hopkinson who just turned 18 just a few weeks ago, and said to us that marriage equality is the reason she made sure she was on the electoral role, she said she wanted all Australians to be “afforded the same rights and dignity, so that they may live their lives and follow their passions free of discrimination. Let's make our generation known for its activism and compassion”.
Bel's words are very important as the latest official figures showed that around 250,000 people between the ages of 18 and 24 are not enrolled to vote. This age group is also the most likely to support marriage equality.
Obviously the current situation is disappointing, the history of the Liberal party shows that all their members should have a free vote, and we know if that was the case we would have marriage equality this week.
During the Howard years there were five conscience votes, 20 members of the current Federal Government have voted according to their conscience at a certain point in their careers, including ten Cabinet Ministers.
The government may be re-writing history, but we must make history and continue to break records for voter enrolment.
We cannot underestimate the impact the announcement of the postal plebiscite has had on supporters of marriage equality across the country.
We have been working long and hard, hoping that Parliament would do its job and allow a vote on this reform. Sadly, we have been disappointed.
In response to that, a strong legal challenge is being mounted against the Federal Government highlighting that it should not be able to spend $120 million of taxpayers' funds without parliamentary oversight. That challenge will continue.
In this past week, many have been asking what we should do next. Obviously, we fight the legal challenge and try to win it.
However, we must also acknowledge the impossible situation that supporters of marriage equality are in and particularly same-sex couples.
We are facing a prospect of a national plebiscite to on our relationship. This will be tough, but we must continue to campaign for marriage equality regardless of the challenges we face.
We can win this in 2017 and the most important thing we must all do now is make sure as many marriage equality supporters are on the electoral role as possible.
Enrol now at: www.aec.gov.au/enrol.
Alex Greenwich is the co-chair of Australian Marriage Equality and the Independent Member for Sydney in the NSW Parliament.
Seth Rollins vs. Samoa Joe has been added to the April 30th WWE Payback pay-per-view from San Jose, California.
Below is the updated Payback card going into tonight's RAW:
House of Horrors Match for the WWE Title
Bray Wyatt vs. Randy Orton
WWE United States Title Match
Chris Jericho vs. Kevin Owens
WWE Cruiserweight Title Match
Austin Aries vs. Neville
RAW Tag Team Title Match
Cesaro and Sheamus vs. The Hardys
Seth Rollins vs. Samoa Joe
Follow Marc Middleton on Twitter at @this_is_marc. Got a news tip or correction? Send it to us by clicking here.
Gardaí are investigating if a confrontation outside a chip shop in Dunleer is linked to the murder of 18-year-old Cameron Reilly whose body was found on Saturday.
It is understood Cameron and another teenager were involved in some form of altercation in front of a fast food restaurant on the night of his murder. A post-mortem has confirmed the teenager was strangled to death some time on Saturday morning.
Gardaí are continuing to search for his phone which they believe could hold vital clues about his last movements and who was at the scene of his death. They believe it may have been stolen to cover up the killing.
“We would ask home and business owners in Dunleer to check their property including wheelie bins and waste skips. We would also ask anyone offered a phone for sale as described to contact us,” Inspector John O'Flaherty said.
Anyone with information is asked to contact Drogheda Garda Station on 041-9874200, the Garda Confidential Line at 1800 666 111 or any Garda Station.
Investigators believe Cameron was hanging around with a large group of young people and that at least some of these may have been present when he was murdered, a source said.
They have downloaded CCTV footage from several areas around the town in an effort to track Cameron's final movements.
Cameron's body was found by a dog-walker on Saturday morning in a field popular with young people for meeting up and drinking in the Co Louth village.
On Monday hundreds of people attended a candlelit vigil in Dunleer church and left messages about the popular young man on colourful post-it notes.
Cameron's mother and maternal grandparents also attended.
Gardaí on Tuesday said that his phone - an iPhone 8 - has not been found and while “lots of people have been interviewed,” there have not been any arrests.
Gardaí believe the key to solving what happened lies in the community in Dunleer and they have appealed for people his own age who know anything about what happened on Friday night/Saturday morning to contact them in confidence.
Many of his friends and peers are co-operating with gardaí, including showing investigators the spots where they used to socialise. However gardaí are continuing to appeal for anyone with information to come forward.
“This investigation is into a murder and nothing else, there maybe a fear of talking to the gardaí but we would ask them to talk to us. What may not be a significant piece of information to them, could be significant to the investigation,” a senior garda said.
Cameron's phone is an Apple iPhone 8 (64GB) with a green hard back cover.
Meanwhile more than €7,000 has been raised by a GoFundMe page for Cameron's family within 24 hours of being established.
It was set up by Ray Buckley who said, “Cameron Reilly is the only child of Tracy and Snowy. He was tragically taken from them in unimaginable circumstances.”
“The Reilly/Glass family have lost their child, they are facing a situation that no person on this earth should have to face. They are parents saying goodbye to their child.”
“Any and all funds raised on this page will go directly to the parents of Cameron Reilly to help them in the weeks and months ahead.”
CASPER — A Casper man led the Wyoming Highway Patrol on a high-speed chase and at one point fired a gun at troopers during an incident on US 20-26 on Sunday, April 22.
Zachery Whiteman, 46, was taken to Wyoming Medical Center in Casper following the incident that occurred around 10:15 p.m. near Casper.
Law enforcement from the Mills Police Department was initially pursuing Whiteman, who was driving a 2005 Chevy Avalanche. However, after he drove onto US 20-26, WHP troopers were called in.
Advertisement - Story continues below...
Troopers observed Whiteman traveling between 90 and 100 mph. Whiteman also was throwing beer cans from his vehicle.
Whiteman's vehicle crossed the centerline on several occasions into oncoming traffic and was traveling from shoulder to shoulder. Whiteman's driving was so erratic and dangerous, Troopers made the decision to use a Tactical Vehicle Intervention (TVI) maneuver to stop Whiteman's vehicle to prevent his actions from hurting others. The first attempt was unsuccessful.
When troopers tried a second Tactical Vehicle Intervention maneuver, Whiteman fired a .40caliber handgun at troopers. Troopers performed the maneuver, which resulted in Whiteman losing control of his vehicle and exiting the roadway.
Whiteman's vehicle rolled several times and he was ejected from the vehicle. Whiteman was life flighted to Wyoming Medical Center and is listed in stable condition.
Wyoming Division of Criminal Investigation is currently investigating the incident.
Global Oil and Gas Pipelines Industry Outlook to 2021: Capacity and Capital Expenditure Forecasts with Details of All Operating and Planned Pipelines” is a comprehensive report on major, trunk oil and gas pipelines industry in the world. The report provides pipeline details such as pipeline/pipeline system name, operator name, start year, start point, end point, status, length, capacity and diameter for all major, trunk crude oil, petroleum products and natural gas pipelines across the world by country and by region. The report also provides capital expenditure outlook by key countries, year on year, from 2017 to 2021. The report also provides key country comparisons within a region and regional comparisons, based on contribution to total pipeline length (regional/global). Planned or proposed (new build) pipeline projects, as announced by various companies, have also been included in this report. Further the report also offers recent developments and latest awarded contracts at regional level.
Scope
Updated information on all active and planned crude oil, petroleum products and natural gas pipelines in the world
Provides key details such as operator name, start year, start point, end point, location, length, diameter and capacity for all active and planned crude oil, petroleum products and natural gas pipelines to 2021
Provides capital expenditure outlook at global as well as regional level by year and by key countries for planned oil and gas pipelines till 2021
Latest developments and contracts related to oil and gas pipeline industry at the regional level
Reasons to buy
Obtain the most up to date information available on all key active and planned transmission pipelines across the world
Identify growth segments and opportunities in the industry
Facilitate decision making on the basis of strong pipeline data
Assess your competitor's pipeline network and its capacity
Develop strategies based on the latest developments in the industry
Information on latest tenders and contracts in the industry
Source: https://www.kenresearch.com/energy-and-utilities/oil/global-oil-gas-pipelines-industry-2021/107137-103.html
Contact Us:
Ken Research
Ankur Gupta, Head Marketing & Communications
ankur [@] kenresearch.com
+91-9015378249
www.kenresearch.com
Spices for good digestion; Photo Credit: iStock
Turmeric for glowing skin and health; Photo Credit: iStock
fenugreek seeds remove toxic acid from stomach; Photo Credit: iStock
Cardamom prevents constipation
Cinnamon powder; Photo Credit: iStock
Digestion plays a crucial role in our body's good health and well-being. The process of digestion is not just about breaking down food and providing our body with the required nutrients. A good digestive system is also the key to a long and disease-free life. Many experts believe that the secret to a good life actually lies in your gut. It is therefore essential that we take care of our digestive health by eating right, providing the body with all its requirements and keeping the digestive fire alive, known as ‘agni' in Ayurveda According to authors Amadea Morningstar and Urmila Desai of The Ayurvedic Cookbook, they state in their book, “Agni translates in Western terms into that ability of all the digestive organs to be lively, effective and coordinated in function when given an appropriate amount of food. This “appropriate amount of food” is an important part of the effective digestive process. Too much food can act like sand on fire, dousing agni, and demanding more work of it than it can realistically deliver. Too little food can starve agni, like expecting a fire to burn brightly with but a few twigs to fuel it.”In today's time, we resolve to all sorts of diets to lose weight and eat healthy. But what you really need to do is listen to your body. It will tell you when it is hunger and when it has had more than its fill of food. Good digestion can be achieved by following healthy eating habits such as avoiding excess of heavy food, chilled or refrigerated food , swallowing food hurriedly rather than chewing it properly, irregular eating patterns, so on and so forth.Most often people suffer from insufficient agni, leading to problems such as gas, constipation, sluggish digestion, difficulty in walking in the morning, among others. Excessive agni could cause a burning sensation in the digestive tract, diarrhea , irritability, etc. Following a healthy eating pattern is important to balance your agni, as well as choosing the right kind of foods in your diet. Try and have your meals at regular timings daily. If you have one big meal for the day and then skip other meals, it will hamper agni. You also need to know the right food combinations for maximum absorption of nutrients. http://food.ndtv.com/opinions/health-tip-food-combinations-for-a-balanced-diet-695676Spices come with much health benefiting properties besides lending aromatic flavours to your food. Here are some spices that are known to boost digestive power (agni) -More commonly known as jeera in India, these seeds are often used as a home remedy to bring relief from digestive problems like gas and bloating. It also has anti-inflammatory properties that reduce stomach pain and discomfort.Almost every Indian dish is cooked with a little sprinkling of haldi (turmeric) in it. It's not just to do with lending colour to the dish, but also adding healing properties. Turmeric is an antioxidant, anti-viral, anti-bacterial, anti-fungal, anti-carcinogenic, anti-mutagenic and anti-inflammatory spice.The warming spice has excellent digestive properties, pain-relieving chemicals and immunity boosting power that protects from cough and cold. It is therefore commonly used in winters in curries, stir-fries and even tea.Also known as methi seeds, it is rich in fiber and antioxidants, acts as a natural digestive, helps in flushing out harmful toxins from the body, and its lubricating properties help soothe the stomach and intestines.Due to its strong aroma, it helps in activating the secretion of enzymes effective for digestion especially if consumed after heavy meals. It aids in curing stomach problems like indigestion, gas and constipation . Cardamom contains chemicals that are known to increase the movement of food through the intestine.Clove or laung is an aromatic spice of which 60-90 percent constitutes eugenol oil. This oil is known for its antioxidant , antiseptic, anesthetic and astringent properties. In Ayurveda, cloves are said to be kaphahar which means that they have the ability to balance the kapha dosha. Being carminative in nature, it prevents the formation of gas in the gastrointestinal tract or helps with its expulsion.Cinnamon is known to improve digestion and absorption of nutrients. It is an anti-bacterial and heals prevent infections in the GI trackThe piperine in black pepper eases digestion and stimulates the enzymes in the stomach, which then helps to digest proteins in food.These spices are great for sparking the digestive fire, burning toxins and warding off signs of indigestion, such as gas and bloating. They can be added to any meal such as soups , stews, smoothies, meat dishes, stir fries and curries.
Safety is a major concern in any industry since the beginning. Whether it is for food processing or packaging, manufacturers are being sure that all edible products are kept fresh and good until they are consumed. It is the responsibility of the manufacturers of the product to provide safe packings with lining to avoid spillage or contamination. It is important to remember that any item may be subjected to environmental stimulus, edible or not, that enters the confines of food while producing, processing, transporting or storage facility, has the probability to cause harm, to human beings, pets, products and businesses if not treated, validated for suitability, wholesomeness from a regulatory and industry standards standpoint.
Many manufacturers manufacture polycoated and wax papers for the packaging of food products either ready to eat or package foods or other dry or wet raw foods. These packaging papers are greaseproof treated in the form of bags and pouches that hold processed, semi-processed or raw foods. Asian consumers are more concerned about staying green and the majority of the food packagings are providing eco-friendly packagings. Manufactures are providing more natural coloured and recycled papers in food packagings with lining to meet the increasing environmental concerns.
According to the study “Asia Packaging Lining Industry Situation and Prospects Research Report”, the packaging lining market in Asia is divided based on type of products such as paper, plastic, rubber and other. The market is categorized based on applications such as food, beverage, electronics, industrial use and many more. Packaging lining market in Asia is geographically spread across China, Japan, India, Korea, Saudi Arabia and other regions. The leading players in Asia's packaging lining market are JMP Holdings, Arena Products, Linertech, Protective Lining Corp., LC Packaging, Plascon, DS Smith, Shenzhen Dongtai Sponge Products, Kadary, Ian Bicking, Green Light Packaging, Rongyeda, Nantong Xinyi Sponge, Jiaxing Packing and Shanghai Zhongfan.
Asia is witnessing urbanisation, huge investments in housing and construction, development of retail chains, developing healthcare and cosmetics sectors are driving packagings with lining in economies such as China, India, Brazil, and Russia. It was observed that there is an increase in living standards and personal disposable income that encourages the consumption of package food and various other ranges of products which subsequently adheres the growth in packaging lining. The major market trends that drive Asia's packaging lining are smaller households, demand for easy or ready to eat foods, demand for unadulterated products, and smaller pack sizes. These trends will drive the growth in the packaging lining market in Asia over the next few years.
To know more, click on the link below:
https://www.kenresearch.com/metal-mining-and-chemicals/chemicals/asia-packaging-lining-industry-situation-and-prospects-research-report/147782-101.html
Related Reports:
https://www.kenresearch.com/metal-mining-and-chemicals/chemicals/china-packaging-lining-industry-situation-and-prospects-research-report/147783-101.html
https://www.kenresearch.com/metal-mining-and-chemicals/chemicals/global-packaging-lining-industry-situation-and-prospects-research-report/147779-101.html
Contact Us:
Ken Research
Ankur Gupta, Head Marketing & Communications
sales@kenresearch.com
0124-4230204
Fran O'Sullivan sat down at UBS New Zealand for a Roundtable with Nicholas Ross, Christopher Simcock, Andrew Fredericks and David Lane.
Herald: Looking at the big picture internationally, what are the major trends you're seeing and what should we be looking out for from the global capital markets?
Nicholas Ross:
The burning issue is the relative health of equity markets in the face of quite sharply rising interest rates. It genuinely is a bit of a conundrum. We are seeing equity markets respond not necessarily negatively but cautiously.
Advertisement
One of the key indicators is a measurement that we track quite closely through our global derivatives desk of "selling versus buying" pressure.
So when we have an up-day in the global equity markets, we tend to find that there are fewer buyers than there are sellers in the down-day. So, from a global equities perspective that gives us a sense that the market is cautious, quite rightly so.
Herald: Staying with this aggressive move upwards in interest rates what does that mean for global equities?
Nicholas Ross:
Obviously Q1 wasn't a great quarter for equities but I don't think we've seen a big sell-off for a couple of reasons. This has got to be one of the most telegraphed and anticipated uplifts in interest rates. If I go back to 1994 or say 1999 there were quite sharp responses from the Fed that came quite quickly, and there were multiple moves, and they shocked markets, whereas this hasn't.
A lot of fund managers have got themselves into duration neutral or short duration positions in anticipation of higher rates, so are in a position to invest cash balances.
There's still an enormous amount of liquidity in the markets which is supporting the health of the markets. Sovereign wealth funds weren't anywhere near as aggressive or prevalent as they are now, 10 or 20 years ago. Hedge and quant funds have attracted huge quantities of FUM (funds under management) and despite some tapering Central Banks are still printing money.
Christopher Simcock: Add to this the growth in the US — there's lots of money being spent and that's stimulatory. Europe is looking better and China is not as bad as we thought it could be. We've been sidetracked with tweets of — "He said "$50b in sanctions, I'll have you by another $50b" and that causes so much volatility. People want to stop being worried about that and it feels as though that has eased a little and we're getting back to the central thesis.
Andrew Fredericks: While volatility's increased, equity markets are grinding higher, and that's the backdrop of strong global growth and company earnings. I think the tailwind of the tax breaks in the US is assisting that as well as global monetary policy still remaining favourable.
Herald: The Kiwi equities market seems to have hit a stall when it comes to new listings.
Christopher Simcock: Unfortunately it's pretty torpid, with the number of listed stocks significantly reduced since 2015. Everyone blames the NZX, but in my view the exchange is not solely to blame. It's just a function of what is happening in the shape of our business economy.
Obviously the IPO process is very onerous but that in itself I don't think is a massive deterrent. If you're a small-to-medium enterprise — let's say a $100m business to $200m business — you've never had as much access to capital as you do now.
Debt financing, equity financing — public and private context. It's a really positive thing and I hope we'll see the fruits of that in 5-10 years time when a lot of these smaller companies that are $50m- $150m can turn into the $500m to $1b corporates that we need to genuinely drive our economy and give us a great number of international export receipts.
Herald: The level of M&A activity has really stepped up but there are a lot of gripes about regulatory uncertainty here, particularly with the Overseas Investment Commission
Christopher Simcock: The process around how OIO works still needs a lot of work to provide proper ground rules. It's around the Commerce Commission as well. A number of our clients in Australia have now taken a back seat in terms of investing in New Zealand.
Christopher Simcock: Unfortunately, we don't see a lot of New Zealand companies thinking big about M&A, having big M&A agendas, and then using capital markets to fund that.
Herald: Why is that?
Nick Ross: There's a low-risk tolerance I think from corporate boards, many NZ companies have suffered from going offshore.
In many sectors in New Zealand, because we are small, you've got as much consolidation as you can get from a regulatory or competitive perspective.
Whereas Australia for example is much larger and more fragmented t's a lot more decentralised. It's a lot more fragmented, so you do see a lot more M&A around consolidation/scale plays. It's hard in our big sectors to see more consolidation for example in telcos and gentailers.
Christopher Simcock: So what you get in Australia and in the US is you get sector consolidation which delivers synergies and it's a traditional M&A corporate finance story.
In NZ what you end up having is a strong performer in a category which will diversify into another industry which they think is relatively close, but still in New Zealand.
Herald: Must be time for another round of MOM then?
David Lane: Ultimately it creates some form of trickle-down effect because if you can expand the top end of the market with these gentailers and Fonterras and get internationally relevant companies on the market, and therefore the capital from offshore, the local fund managers have a bigger pool and investment opportunities and that creates the opportunity for the mid-sized company to have a capital market they can access and hopefully the next Xero or something like that.
Andrew Fredericks: Can I ask you a question Fran? Because I'm sure you spend a lot more time with politicians than I do. Are they worried? By that specifically, is this just a winter of discontent, like Helen Clark had, or business confidence hasn't bounced back? It did a little bounce and it's got worse when it comes to companies' intention to hire and consumer spending.
Fran O'Sullivan: Well, they keep saying the negative business confidence surveys are balanced out by positive individual business intentions. But I would have expected confidence to have firmed by now. Business reaction to the Budget is very important.
It's important to know how the Government's plan will roll out and how it will be funded.
And to me that's the missing chink.
Grant Robertson is a Social Democratic-style Finance Minister. But he is still a relatively unknown quantity.
Unfortunately he is surrounded by colleagues like Shane Jones who makes political capital out of beating up on boards like Air New Zealand and The Warehouse rather than asking to see them first to try to find solutions. Businesses are wary that the regional development fund may be little more than a slush fund. So they need to put some good governance around that.
Then you've got David Parker sounding off about the 1 per cent, and foreign investors. What's really important is that the Government gets the tone right and take business with them.
MARION, N.C. (AP) — The Latest on the remnants of Subtropical Storm Alberto (all times local):
10:35 a.m.
Authorities say 2,000 people evacuated in the North Carolina mountains because of worries a dam might break can return to their homes.
McDowell County Emergency Management sent a message to the public around 10:15 a.m. Wednesday saying engineers have determined the dam at Lake Tahoma is safe.
Advertisement
Heavy rains from the fringes of Subtropical Storm Alberto caused widespread flooding Tuesday evening. Emergency officials order the evacuations because an engineer inspecting the dam was worried it might break before officials could get a better look in the daylight.
The dam is about 80 miles (129 kilometers) northwest of Charlotte.
Dozens of roads in western North Carolina were blocked by mudslides or flooding, including Interstate 40 which closed for several hours near Old Fort.
Forecasters warn storms could bring more flooding Wednesday, but say the heavy rains will be isolated and not widespread.
___
10:20 a.m.
About 200 people in the North Carolina mountains have evacuated to shelters as authorities watch a dam threatened by flooding from the remnants of Subtropical Storm Alberto.
Emergency managers evacuated 2,000 people early Wednesday after determining the Lake Tahoma dam in western North Carolina could fail.
McDowell County Emergency Management deputy director Adrienne Jones says the dam hasn't failed, but inspectors are watching it.
A number of other roads in western North Carolina are closed by flooding or mudslides. Interstate 40 near Old Fort was closed for a time, but crews have cleared enough debris to open at least one lane in each direction.
Forecasters say Alberto's remnants can still bring flooding rains to the Southeast and nation's midsection.
___
11:20 p.m.
The soggy remnants of Alberto are spreading rain deeper into the nation's midsection after downing trees, causing power outages and leaving scattered flooding around the South.
Forecasters say what's left of the first named storm of the Atlantic hurricane season is still capable of causing flash flooding.
The National Hurricane Center in Miami said Tuesday that as Alberto's weakening system moves inland Wednesday, it still remains a potential menace.
Flash flood watches were in effort for parts of several states from Alabama through Tennessee, Kentucky, Illinois, the Carolinas and Virginia and West Virginia.
By Cengiz Çandar for Al-Monitor. Any opinions expressed are those of the author, and do not necessarily reflect the views of Iraq Business News.
Probably no president was ever called “uncle” by his eminent counterparts and by the people on the street. Yet in every Middle East country where Kurds live, “mam” (“paternal uncle” in Kurdish) was the honorific title of Jalal Talabani, a legend of Kurdish politics and former president of Iraq from 2005 to 2014.
When they use honorific titles, Kurdish men are usually addressed as “kak,” which translates to “sir.” For example, his followers and Kurds in general often address Massoud Barzani, president of the Kurdistan Regional Government (KRG) of Iraq, as “Kak Massoud.” Such a title of respect never suited Jalal Talabani. “Mam,” however, was a sign of affection. I do not recall any time that I have addressed him in any other way in the more than 40 years we knew each other.
Talabani, Iraq's first non-Arab president after Saddam Hussein, passed away on Oct. 3 at a time when his lifetime goal for an independent Kurdistan triggered intraregional tensions that only his savvy leadership could moderate.
Talabani became incapacitated after he suffered a stroke in December 2012; he underwent treatment in Berlin for more than a year. Since then, he has had no apparent political role in Kurdish and overall Iraqi decision-making. Yet, despite his absence in the political scene for almost five years due to his frail health, unable to speak and move, his physical presence on this earth seemingly provided a bizarre sense of confidence to all those locked in intense political struggles with each other.
Financial Times called Talabani “a giant of Iraqi Kurdish history” and “a pragmatic and important binding force,” and underlined his paradoxical life as a man of reconciliation and moderation who spent many years in the mountains as a legendary Kurdish fighter opposing Iraq's Arab nationalist regimes. With his death, Talabani generated an aura of respect among a wide range of international personalities representing diverse and even hostile interests.
Rising demand for advanced automation systems will continue to positively impact global optical encoder market revenues. The global market, valued at US$ 1,357.4 Mn in 2015, is expected to register a y-o-y growth rate of 11.3 % and attain a market value worth US$ 1,464.5 Mn in 2016. Growing demand for high-quality assurance in surface mount technology (SMT) placement processes and increasing acceptance of advanced motion control systems will continue to drive the growth of the market.
The considerable rise in the implementation of advanced absolute encoders by the manufacturers of SMT placement equipment is providing favourable growth opportunities to manufacturers. Prominent industrial applications of optical encoders in elevators, medical diagnostics, robotics, and machine controls are serving as the primary factors leading to the expansion of the global optical encoders market. However, limitations related to complexity and delicate parts, and decreasing prices due to OEM pressures in developed economies are some of the key challenges restraining adoption of optical encoders.
Request For Report Sample: https://www.futuremarketinsights.com/reports/sample/rep-gb-1721
On the basis of the output signal format, the global optical encoder market will witness a significant rise in the volumes of digital output optical encoders as they are expected to replace the existing analog optical encoders. In 2016, the digital output optical encoders segment is projected to reach 1,194.6 Mn in revenues.
By configuration, the shafted-type optical encoders will continue to gain traction, and further its market share to 33% in 2016. Demand for hollow shaft type optical encoders, as well as absolute single turn and multi-turn encoders is also expected to witness steady growth in 2016 and beyond.
Request For Report Table of Content (TOC): https://www.futuremarketinsights.com/toc/rep-gb-1721
The use of optical encoders in healthcare equipment is expected to dominate the application-based segment of the global optical encoders market. The healthcare segment is expected to generate revenues of US$ 243.3 Mn by 2016-end. Application of optical encoders in consumer electronics, robotic and assembly equipment, as well as semiconductor manufacturing equipment is likely to augment the market size of the global optical encoders market.
By end-user, telecommunication and IT sector will continue to account for a significant share of global revenues, whereas space and aviation segment will remain the leading manufacturing end-user of the global optical encoders market.
North America will maintain its position as the most lucrative market for optical encoders, with total revenues expected to reach US$ 401.7 Mn in 2016. Adoption of optical encoders is expected to gain traction in Asia Pacific owing to rising adoption of smart devices and smart city incentives in India, South Korea, and China.
Manufacturers will need to enhance production capacity and product quality to cater to the burgeoning demand for optical encoders. Rockwell Automation Inc. (Allen-Bradley), Sensata Technologies, Inc. (BEI Sensors), Renishaw PLC, Dynapar (Danaher Corporation), Allied Motion Technologies Inc., Codechamp SA, US Digital, Bourns Inc., GrayHill Inc., and Honeywell International Inc. are some of the key players driving the growth of the global market.
Browse Premium Industry Research Report with Analysis: https://www.futuremarketinsights.com/reports/optical-encoder-market
ABOUT US:
Future Market Insights (FMI) is a leading market intelligence and consulting firm. We deliver syndicated research reports, custom research reports and consulting services, which are personalized in nature. FMI delivers a complete packaged solution, which combines current market intelligence, statistical anecdotes, technology inputs, valuable growth insights, an aerial view of the competitive framework, and future market trends.
CONTACT US:
Future Market Insights
616 Corporate Way, Suite 2-9018,
Valley Cottage, NY 10989,
United States
T: +1-347-918-3531
Email: sales@futuremarketinsights.com
Website: www.futuremarketinsights.com
WHISTLER, B.C. — Things have come full circle for the Acura RDX. The compact crossover launched in 2007 with an all-new turbocharged four-cylinder engine and an all-wheel-drive system that was sophisticated enough for the brand to affix the Super Handling designation to it. It was a fun, sporty vehicle in a sea of boring competitors, and we liked it enough to write a eulogy of sorts when the second-generation RDX ditched the fun turbo engine in favor of a V6, and dumbed down its optional all-wheel system so much that they dropped the Super Handling name.
And it
Naga Chaitanya and Samantha, the young star couple of Tollywood are officially a married couple now. Samantha and Naga Chaitanya entered the wedlock on October 6 midnight, in a private ceremony which was held at Vagator Beach, Goa.
Check This Out: ChaiSam Wedding: The Celebrations Kick-Start
The wedding, which was a purely traditional Hindu ceremony was attended by the respective families of Naga Chaitanya and Samantha, and the couple's very close friends. Nagarjuna, the father of the groom has shared some beautiful moments captured during the wedding, through his official Twitter page.
As per the latest updates, Samantha and Naga Chaitanya will exchange wedding vows once again in a traditional Christian wedding ceremony, which will be held on the evening of October 7, Saturday at Vagator Beach.
Check out the beautiful wedding pictures of ChaiSam, here...
Get Birmingham City FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Wolves head coach Nuno Espirito Santo praised the work ethic of his players after they celebrated a convincing win at Derby.
Goals from Barry Douglas and Ivan Cavaleiro condemned a Rams side short on craft and invention to only a second home defeat in 19 Championship matches.
Wolves had crumbled on their previous three visits to Derby but were strong from the start and only poor finishing prevented them winning by a bigger margin.
The hosts created little and were always chasing the game after a low drive by Douglas was deflected past Scott Carson in the 32nd minute.
John Ruddy turned behind a Johnny Russell shot at the start of the second half but Diogo Jota and Leo Bonatini wasted excellent chances before Wolves made their superiority count in the 76th minute.
The visitors broke quickly, with Bright Enobakhare sending Jota in to square the ball to Cavaleiro, who scored from three yards to ease the memory of his red card at Pride Park last season.
Santo said: “There is still a long way to go and a lot of work to do but the boys did a fantastic job and we are getting there.
“From day one they knew what we wanted but the talent must be supported by a lot of discipline and the boys have this culture of working to get better each day.
“We always start from the back. It's important to build a team from there and be solid and balanced and the boys are getting the message.
“The spaces were in the Derby team and we should have taken advantage sooner but the chances were there and the goals will come, but defending well is important and clean sheets are a first step to winning.
“It's a good start and clean sheets tell us our defensive work is progressing but there are still some things to improve.”
Derby manager Gary Rowett said: “It was really disappointing. We struggled to create enough chances and we couldn't find that bit of quality to unlock the door.
“I just felt too many times we had the ball wide and we crossed it to no man's land. We had the ball in the final third but didn't have the ability to create a chance
“ Wolves are a good side but I was really disappointed with lots of aspects of our game and we certainly have to take an awful lot more responsibility.
“We have to do a lot of things better. Out of possession we didn't work enough and we weren't aggressive enough.”
DERBY: Carson, Wisdom, Keogh, Davies, Forsyth, Butterfield (Bryson, 63), Huddlestone, Johnson, Russell (Nugent, 62), Martin, Weimann (Anya, 71). Subs: Baird, Pearce, Bennett, Mitchell.
WOLVES: Ruddy, Miranda, * Coady , Boly, Doherty, Saiss, Neves, Douglas, Enobakhare (Ronan, 81), Bonatini (Cavaleiro, 65), Jota (Dicko, 86). Subs: Bennett, Batth, Price, Norris.
Referee: L Probert (Wiltshire).
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A suspected unexploded device, which is believed to date back to World War II, has been found in Birmingham.
Islington Row Middleway up to Bath Row has been evacuated.
West Midlands Police has evacuated a construction site.
The explosive ordnance disposal team has been called to the scene and closed Islington Row Middleway up to Bath Row near the city centre.
It comes a year after a WWII bomb was discovered in Aston.
Typically, most bombs or unexploded devices - especially ones dating from the Second World War - turn up on buildings sites.
As far back as 2009, the Construction Industry Research and Information Association estimated that, between 2006 and 2009, about 15,000 devices, including grenades, had been removed from construction sites.
According to further statistics, around five per cent - or 250 devices - were live per year.
But why is this happening?
In one sense, the discovery of unexploded ordnance is perhaps par for the course, owing to the fact more and more original sites are being redeveloped for the second time.
Following the Second World War, many housing complexes, factories and estates were redeveloped as part of a post-WWII boom.
Now, more and more sites are being regenerated once again, with many of the worst hit wartime areas - cities like Birmingham, London and even Coventry - now cities boasting expensive redevelopments.
And as buildings get taller, foundations go deeper.
It is impossible to know how many devices are out there, according to Matt Brosnan, a historian at the Imperial War Museum.
Mr Brosnan told the BBC: "Just to put it in context, the Luftwaffe dropped 24,000 tonnes of high explosive on London in 85 major raids during the war.
"Clearly not all of those would have exploded, because of defects or other reasons, and they could have buried themselves tens of feet below the surface so we simply don't know where they are."
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Most unexploded Second World War bombs found in modern-day Britain are discovered by builders digging foundations.
The bombs are unlikely to explode, Mr Brosnan said, but their threat should not be underestimated.
"The risk is in their unpredictability, they are inherently unstable and still contain explosives, which is why they are treated so seriously and have to be disposed of properly and safely."
Two Georgia inmates serving long prison sentences and "dangerous beyond description" overpowered and killed two guards on a prison bus before fleeing in a stolen car, authorities said.
The deadly escape happened about 6:45 a.m. Tuesday as the guards drove 33 inmates between prisons, and it set off a massive manhunt involving local, state and federal officers, Putnam County Sheriff Howard Sills said.
Sills are emotional as he described the scene.
"I saw two brutally murdered corrections officers, that's what I saw," he said. "I have their blood on my shoes."
Advertisement
Donnie Russell Rowe, serving life without parole, and Ricky Dubose, who has prominent tattoos on his face and neck, overpowered, disarmed and killed Sgt. Christopher Monica and Sgt. Curtis Billue and then carjacked a driver who happened to pull up behind the bus on a rural highway, Sills said.
They got into the "grass green," four-door 2004 Honda Civic with the Georgia license plate number RBJ-6601 and drove west on state Highway 16 toward Eatonton, southeast of Atlanta.
"We are still desperately looking for these two individuals. They are armed with 9 mm pistols that were taken from these correctional officers. They are dangerous beyond description. If anyone sees them or comes into contact, they need to call 911 immediately," the sheriff said.
The two inmates got a head start by taking and tossing the Honda driver's cellphone and leaving the other 31 prisoners locked inside the bus, Sills said.
"My biggest worry is they're going to kill somebody else," Sills said.
Later Tuesday, the manhunt shifted about 25 miles (40 kilometers) to the north to the city of Madison, where Sills said the two men burglarized a house and then two men fitting their descriptions were reportedly seen in a Family Dollar store less than a mile away. Authorities had no further signs of the inmates and had no reason to believe they had split up, Sills said.
Multiple agencies contributed to a reward of $60,000 for information leading to the arrests of the two inmates, Georgia Bureau of Investigation spokeswoman Nelly Miles said.
Monica and Billue were both transfer sergeants at Baldwin State Prison. Monica had been with the Georgia Department of Corrections since October 2009 and Billue since July 2007.
How the two inmates managed to reach and overpower the guards remains under investigation, Sills said.
"They were inside the caged area of the bus," he said. "How they got through the locks and things up to that area I do not know."
Protocol is to have two armed corrections officers on the bus, but the officers don't wear bullet-proof vests during transfers, Corrections Commissioner Greg Dozier said.
"We lost two of our fellow officers, two of our kin. We see our officers as our family," Dozier said.
Monica was 42 and leaves behind a wife, Dozier said. Billue was 58 and is survived by his father, five sisters, two brothers and two sons, said Jim Green, an attorney who's speaking for the Billue family.
"Officer Billue's family asks for prayers for all of those who are now placing their own lives at risk to bring these men to justice and asks anyone who has information that may assist in apprehending these perpetrators to please contact law enforcement," Green said in an email.
The guards were moving the inmates to a diagnostic prison in Jackson, where their next placement was to be determined, Dozier said, adding that inmates do not know their transfer dates ahead of time.
Georgia Gov. Nathan Deal pledged every state resource necessary to catch the pair.
"The selflessness and courage of these two brave souls will not be forgotten, nor will their sacrifice and service," Deal said in an emailed statement.
U.S. Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein said federal resources are being committed to help catch the fugitives. The FBI and U.S. Marshals have joined the investigation, Sills said.
"An attack on any American law enforcement officer is an attack on every American law enforcement officer and the principles we all believe in," Rosenstein told a Senate budget panel in Washington Tuesday morning.
Both escaped inmates were serving long sentences for armed robbery and other crimes. The Department of Corrections said Rowe, 43, has been serving life without parole since 2002, and Dubose, 24, began a 20-year sentence in 2015.
A photo released by the sheriff's office in Elbert County, the site of his most recent conviction, shows Dubose with prominent tattoos. He appears to have a crown tattooed above his right eyebrow, writing above his left eyebrow and large letters covering the entire front of his neck.
"They need to surrender before we find 'em," Sills said.
___
Associated Press writers Kathleen Foody in Atlanta and Russ Bynum in Savannah, Georgia, contributed to this report.
Missouri Medicaid Committee Working on Expansion Plan
JEFFERSON CITY - The Interim Committee on Medicaid Transformation met Wednesday morning at the State Capitol to create a plan for Medicaid expansion. The meetings are focused on manage care.
Representative Jay Barnes (R-Jefferson City) proposed an overhaul to expand Medicaid eligibility and offered incentives to those already on Medicaid.
"The average mid-Missourian who has a private health insurance plan has to make decisions based on the services they're going to receive. That's not true in the current Medicaid program, either in the state of Missouri or anywhere in the country," Barnes said. "We need to get recipients thinking more like participants."
Barnes said his proposal is something unique to not only Missouri, but the whole country.
"No state in the nearly 50-year history of the Medicaid program has introduced the idea of cost-consciousness to Medicaid recipients where those recipients get to share a portion of money they save for tax payers by making good, health conscious decisions," Barnes said.
One example Barnes gave was not going to the emergency room when a patient does not need emergency care.
Medicaid covers more than 870,000 Missourians, and is geared toward seniors, people with disabilities, pregnant women and certain families with children. Eligibility standards vary between groups.
For example, to be eligible, a single parent with two children is limited to an income of $3,711 a year.
Barnes said Missouri can increase the market-based Medicaid to 100 percent of the federal poverty level and then help subsidize health care plans for working Missourians who fall in the coverage gap, or between 100 percent and 138 percent of the federal poverty level.
If Missouri expanded Medicaid, the coverage gap would be closed completely, ensuring an option for every Missourian.
Representative Chris Kelly (D) said the committee is trying to come up with the best plan for both medical care and tax payers.
"Critical to that is finding a way to have the recipients have a way to financial vested interest in the result," Kelly said. "If you decide to not go to the emergency room instead of seek some preventive care, we're looking for ways to build financial incentives into that."
Kelly said dental care is one of the worst areas of health care delivery.
"Especially for poor kids. Many dentists provide care to poor kids for free, but we still have too many poor kids untreated," he said. "The Medicaid program's reimbursement rate for dentists is inappropriately low."
Wayne Lee has been on Medicaid for more than 20 years. He suffers from epilepsy, experiencing multiple seizures every week, making it impossible for him to hold a job.
"At one point, I was having 50 or 60 each week," Lee said.
Lee said Missouri needs to expand Medicaid.
"Not for those already on Medicaid, because we won't be affected," Lee said. "But it does need to be expanded for the people who do not have health insurance and are not making enough money to purchase health insurance."
Lee said if Missouri chose to expand Medicaid, the state could have received more than $15 billion between 2014 and 2020.
By expanding Medicaid, 351,000 additional Missourians would be eligible to qualify for coverage.
Barnes said there is no date for when he will release the first draft of a bill for 2014.
by
Benchworks announced Oct. 5 that Chris Stoner has joined the company's Business Development team. Stoner comes to Benchworks with many years of experience in the Baltimore market with specific expertise in marketing, social media marketing and business development management. Stoner's focus in his first year will be on broadening awareness for Benchworks in the Baltimore marketplace.
As founder of Baltimore Sports and Life, a five-time Baltimore Sun Mobbies Award winning blog and the Baltimore Metro Business Development, a networking group comprised of 370 mostly C-suite members, Stoner has extensive experience in building businesses and helping to grow organizations. His business development acumen will be integral to helping Benchwork continue to grow and diversify its client base.
Benchworks CEO Thad Bench Sr. said, “We are so excited to have Chris join the Benchworks team. Chris's strong knowledge of key decision makers in the Baltimore marketplace will make him an asset to the Benchworks team and to our clients. We look forward to having him work with us and together opening up new doors to exciting projects.”
Benchworks, an award-winning comprehensive marketing services agency headquartered in Chestertown, Maryland, was founded in 1991. With offices in Philadelphia and Boston, the company specializes in the design, production and launch of complete marketing programs and branding projects. Clients are in a wide variety of sectors including life sciences, pharmaceutical, food and beverage, manufacturing and education in North America and Europe. For additional information, visit www.benchworks.com or call 800-536-4670.
Get What's On updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
West Bromwich Albion matchday mascots Baggiebird and Albi are in training for a special sporting challenge in which they hope to stroll to victory on the next Bank Holiday weekend (Sunday April 30).
The birds have pledged to stick to the ‘no-fly zone' policy to compete in the Simplyhealth Great Birmingham 10K, which is expected to attract 7,000 participants – and have signed up to the ‘walking wave'.
And are hoping for a real 'tweet', if the Birdy Song is played while they warm up.
Places for the event on Sunday April 30 are filling up fast with the 90s music wave reaching full capacity in record time and the Now and 80s waves also full.
You can still join the race and warm up to 70s classics and the walking waves though.
Baggiebird and Albi will have plenty of Albion pals for company a day after being on Hawthorns duty for the club's game against Premier League champions Leicester on Saturday April 29.
Lifelong Baggies fans Tommy Langford, the undefeated British middleweight champion, and ‘Blind Dave' Heeley, are competing in the race as part of their year-long mission to raise money for the Albion Foundation.
And the mascots are hoping that the club's running team ‘beak' local rivals – including Aston Villa, Birmingham City, Wolverhampton Wanderers, Solihull Moors and Stourbridge – to win the Ding Dong Derby Cup!
“Baggiebird and Albi have promised not to take the easy option by flying around the course and are really chirpy about joining those who are walking the route,” said Matt Taylor, Albion's Marketing Executive and a member of the club's Ding Dong Derby Cup team.
“It will be a right ‘tweet' for them if their musical wave features the Birdy Song!”
See 2016 Great Birmingham 10K runners at the finish line
All about the Simplyhealth Great Birmingham 10K
Starting on Jennens Road near Millennium Point, the run takes in sights such as Selfridges, Edgbaston Stadium and Cannon Hill Park before a city centre finish in front of thousands of cheering spectators.
It will be broadcast live on Channel 5 from 10am to noon.
To enter the Simplyhealth Great Birmingham 10k click here
The Simplyhealth Great Birmingham 10k is seen as the ideal training run for anyone entering the Simplyhealth Great Birmingham Run Half Marathon or inaugural Birmingham International Marathon, both taking place on Sunday, October 15.
Anyone who enters the 10k will receive a £10 discount for either the Great Birmingham Run Half Marathon or Birmingham International Marathon.
Also, all entrants for the Great Birmingham Run Half Marathon or Birmingham International Marathon will earn a £10 discount for the Great Birmingham 10k.
To enter the Simplyhealth Great Birmingham Run Half Marathon click here
To enter the Birmingham International Marathon click here
Hyperscale Data Center Market was valued at $23.4 billion in 2016 and is projected to reach $104.8 billion by 2024, having a CAGR of 20.7% during the forecast period of 2017 to 2024.In 2016, Server Component segment held the largest share of the global Hyperscale Data Center market.
Hyperscale data centers are a tailor-made data center for the customized requirement of a particular organization. Hyperscale data center market is expected grow with high growth rate owing to its abundant benefits such as easy integration with existing infrastructure, cost effective benefits, and enhanced security of organizational data. Tech giants such as Microsoft Corporation and Amazon Web Services, Inc. are set to establish big Hyperscale data center around the world. The wide adoption of cloud computing is a key factor in establishing the need of Hyperscale data center.
Request Sample Copy of the Report@https://www.esticastresearch.com/market-reports/hyperscale-data-center-market/request-sample
Market Dynamics
Application of Hyperscale data center across various industry domains is a major factor driving the global Hyperscale data center market. In addition, energy efficient operation and reduced cost of ownership also drive the market for further growth. However, power outages, generation of excessive heat, and storage limitation might act as a restraint for the Hyperscale data center market. Growing social media, cloud computing, big data, and gaming trends is expected to provide future opportunities for Hyperscale data center market.
Market Segmentation
The global Hyperscale data center market is segmented by user type, by application, by component, and by region. By user type, the Global Hyperscale market is segmented as Cloud providers, Colocation, and Enterprises. The applications segment is further divided into IT & telecom, BFSI, Government utilities, Healthcare, Energy, Manufacturing, and Others. The component is categorized as Servers, Networking, and Others. Geographically, the market is segmented as North America, Europe, Asia-Pacific and Rest of World. The North American market holds the largest revenue share of global Hyperscale data market and expected to grow steady CAGR of 17.2%.
Global Hyperscale Data Center Market, 2016 vs. 2024
Global Hyperscale Data Center Market
Some major players in the Global Hyperscale data center market are Avago Technologies U.S. Inc., Cavium, Inc., Cisco Systems, Inc., Ericsson Inc., HP Inc., IBM Corporation, Intel Corporation, Mellanox Technologies, Inc., nlyte Software Inc., and SanDisk LLC.
Hyperscale Data Center Market Segmentation
By User Type
• Cloud providers
• Colocation
• Enterprises
By Application
• IT and telecom
• BFSI
• Government utilities
• Healthcare
• Energy
• Manufacturing
• Others
By Component
• Servers
• Networking
• Others
Request for Customized Report @https://www.esticastresearch.com/market-reports/hyperscale-data-center-market/request-customise-form
By Geography
• North America
• Europe
• APAC
• ROW
Key Players
Avago Technologies U.S. Inc.
• Cavium, Inc.
• Cisoco Systems, Inc.
• Ericsson Inc.
• HP Inc.
• IBM Corporation
• Intel Corporation
• Mellanox Technologies, Inc.
• nlyte Software Inc.
• SanDisk LLC
Access Report Details @https://www.esticastresearch.com/market-reports/hyperscale-data-center-market
About Esticast Research &Consulting :
Esticast Research & Consulting is a research firm providing research reports on various industries with a unique combination of authenticity, extensive research, and infallibility. We provide syndicated market research reports, customization services, and consulting services to help businesses across the world in achieving their goals and overcoming complex challenges. We specialize in providing 360 degree view of the markets to assist clients in determining new opportunities and develop business strategies for the future with data and statistics on changing market dynamics.
Esticast Research & Consulting has expert analysts and consultants with an ability to work in collaboration with clients to meet their business needs and give opportunities to thrive in a competitive world. A comprehensive analysis of industries ranging from healthcare to consumer goods and ICT to BFSI is provided by covering hundreds of industry segments. The research reports offering market forecasts, market entry strategies, and customer intelligence will help clients across the world in harnessing maximum value on their investment and realize their optimum potential.
Contact
Address:Sr. No.8/2A/1, Vitthal Heights, Above Yashwant, Kharadi, Pune-411014
Tel: +91-20-65606016
Email: help@esticastresearch.com
Web: https://www.esticastresearch.com
The Clark County Board of Trustees voted for the new superintendent on May 2, 2018. (Brad Boyer/FOX5)
The Clark County School District announced its new superintendent.
The Board of Trustees voted Dr. Jesus Jara as the new superintendent Wednesday.
Jesus Jara has been the deputy superintendent for Orange County Public Schools in Orlando since 2012. Before taking that role, he was superintendent at Monroe County Public Schools, also in Florida. At the time, the Orlando Sentinel reported Jara had clashed with unions in Monroe County over raises and furloughs.
Jara released the following statement:
I'm humbled and honored to be chosen as the next Superintendent of the Clark County School District, and my excitement for the job has only grown seeing the passion of the entire CCSD community firsthand. I want to thank the Board for choosing me from a group of incredibly talented and dedicated candidates. Education changed my life; it gave me opportunity. Ensuring that every single student gets that same opportunity is why I first became a teacher and what drives my work every day. I could not be more eager to get to work alongside CCSD's incredible teachers, principals, and staff to build on and accelerate the district's progress, and I look forward to starting by listening to the entire Clark County community about what has been working and where we can continue to improve.
"Mr. Jara came to this country as an immigrant at 10 years old," Jara support, Jose Solorio said. "Then he moved to bilingual science teacher." Solorio is a former CCSD school board member.
Even though Jara will likely be the next CCSD superintendent, his start out might be a little rocky, especially since the school board was split on his election.
"Fight for the students!," Trustee Linda Young said. "You are splitting this community up into those that have, and those that have not. That's appalling and hurtful."
Young, as well as the majority of people who spoke up in Wednesday's meeting, were in support of Dr. Mike Barton. Barton is the CCSD's chief student achievement officer. During one point, a principal asked all principals in the district who support Barton to stand, and nearly two dozen people rose from their seats.
Yvette Williams, the chair of the Clark County black caucus was also in support of Barton.
"We were on board with Barton for one specific reason," she said. "We care who is going to be our superintendent and who will care for our children."
Barton was the first nominee to be put to a vote and was defeated in a 4 to 3 vote. Following the vote, trustees began arguing, with some like Trustee Young saying they refused to vote until they had more time. Young's delay tactics did not sit well with Trustee Lola Brooks.
"I'm just wondering what you did between meeting the candidates and now? And what you did since you don't have a good feeling of these candidates," she said.
For another two hours there was more back and forth, until Vice President of the board Carolyn Edwards chimed in and asked them to vote on Jesus Jara. Jara won, and Edwards said she hoped people give him a fair shot.
"Our board is very passionate," Edwards said with a smile. "But now its time to come together and welcome him and move student achievement forward."
The goal was for Jara to be here before the end of June so he can have some time with departing superintendent Pat Skorkowsky. Before he gets here, the board said there will be a lot of negotiations.
Six finalists were considered for the position including three internal candidates: Dr. Mike Barton, Dr. Jesse Welsh, and Dr. Eva White as well as three external; candidates: Donald Haddad, Shonda Huery Hardman, and Jesus Jara. Barton is the current chief academic officer for CCSD, Haddad is the superintendent for the St. Vrain Valley Schools in Colorado, Hardman is a coach, consultant and urban specialist for FranklinCovey, Welsh is the currently associate superintendent at CCSD, and White is the director of human resources and administrative services at Sauk Rapids-Rice Public Schools.
Before opening the search for internal candidates, the board said they received 77 applications. All of the candidates were publicly interviewed April 27.
The trustees said they hope the candidate can begin in June when the current superintendent Pat Skorkowsky retires.
Copyright 2018 KVVU (KVVU Broadcasting Corporation). All rights reserved.
SANTA CLARA — One of the most awkward Week 17's in recent NFL history concluded with the Seattle Seahawks bullying the 49ers 25-23 Sunday at Levi's Stadium.
The actual football game was the side show. The main event was the 49ers firings, leaked to the media one day prior on New Year's Eve. San Francisco finished 2-14 on the season, equaling the team's worst record since 2004.
Moments before kickoff, Trent Baalke confirmed he'd been fired as the GM of the 49ers. Chip Kelly reportedly made an unpleasant phone call to CEO Jed York on Saturday night, amidst the swirling reports. An assistant coach told me on on the field pregame, “what record did York expect us to hit this season?”
Nevertheless, an NFL game had to be played on New Year's Day. And the swath of Seahawks fans in attendance enjoyed the outcome.
In true Kelly fashion, the 49ers jumped out to a 14-3 lead on a pair of 1-yard touchdown runs from Shaun Draughn. Kelly's lone season in San Francisco will perhaps be remembered best for these fast starts. But the usual second half starvation was lurking.
Undermanned and overmatched at nearly every position on the field — as has been the case all season — the 49ers kept it close, but they eventually wore down. Seattle scored two unanswered touchdowns to close the first half, used Russell Wilson and the passing game to keep the chains moving in the second and forced two fumbles to crush any existing 49ers momentum.
Just like last week in Los Angeles, Kaepernick led a late rally, launching a 9-yard touchdown strike to Garrett Celek and cutting the lead to 25-23 with 5:42 left. But Seattle ran the clock out with backup quarterback Trevone Boykin.
Was this Kaepernick's last game in a 49ers uniform? That'll be up to him. Kaepernick has the opt-out clause in his contract, not the 49ers. Is he really willing to risk giving up $19 million and limiting his options in free agency? His final stat line: 17/22, 215 yards, one touchdown, no interceptions, 122.4 QB rating.
San Francisco's defense played well again on Sunday, but not nearly well enough. The team will end 2016 giving up the most touchdowns, points and rushing yards in team history.
In two weeks, the 49ers will have their fourth head coach in four seasons. In two weeks, the Seahawks will likely be marching to their third NFC Championship game in four seasons.
Expression of concern Free access | 10.1172/JCI97015
See the related article at CXCL11-dependent induction of FOXP3-negative regulatory T cells suppresses autoimmune encephalomyelitis.
Original citation: J Clin Invest. 2014;124(5):2009–2022. https://doi.org/10.1172/JCI71951
Citation for this expression of concern: J Clin Invest. 2017;127(10):3913. https://doi.org/10.1172/JCI97015
The Editors recently became aware that some of the flow cytometry plots in this article were duplicated and used to represent different samples. Specifically, in Figure 5C, the flow cytometry plots of IFN-γ– and IL-17–stained cells from IgG1- and CXCL10-Ig–treated animals are from the same sample. In addition, in Figure 7A, the spinal cord samples from the PBS- and IgG1-treated animals are the same; the spleen samples from the CXCL11-Ig– and IgG1–treated animals are the same; and the lymph node samples for the PBS- and IgG1-treated animals are the same. The authors were unable to provide the original data for these figures. The Journal subsequently requested an institutional investigation by the Technion – Israel Institute of Technology, which was recently completed. The investigative committee concluded that identical data were presented twice in the publication and that the raw data were not archived for the amount of time required by Technion. The authors have stated that the errors were unintentional.
The Editorial Board is issuing this Expression of Concern to alert readers to the problems identified in Figures 5C and 7A. The Editors have requested that the experiments in question be repeated by the authors and resubmitted to the Journal. We will inform our readers of the outcome after the data have been evaluated.
Rainiers starter Chase de Jong recaps outing after 3-1 win over Albuquerque
High Jump Battle at Wolfpack Invite track meet
1:11
Essential Kitchens is a Cape Town based boutique kitchen company, offering modular solutions for your kitchen, bathroom and bedroom. Due to their affordable pricing and quality craftsmanship, they are steadily becoming a leader in the installation of kitchens, bathrooms and bedroom cupboards.
Essential Kitchens strives to provide practical solutions to their clients, offering the best possible designs that keep pace with the recent trends in the industry. You have a wide array of designs to choose from, ranging from antique, modern to contemporary at competitive prices.
Areas of Operation
Located in the Milnerton area, they are operational in a variety of areas in Cape Town and its surrounding localities, including Table View, Parklands, West Beach, Blouberg, Melkbosstrand, Atlantic Beach Golf Estate, Killarney Gardens, Montague Gardens, Pinelands, Sunset Beach, Rondebosch, Camps Bay, Bantry Bay, Sea Point, Moulle Point , Green Point, Paarl, Tokai, Woodstock, Salt River, Gardens, Oranjezicht, Tamboerskloof, Durbanville, Parow, Stellenbosch, Pearl Valley Estate, Val De Vie Estate, Dune Ridge Estate, Waters Edge Estate, Edgemead, Bothasig, Plattekloof, Baronetcy Estate, and in some parts of the Western Cape.
Services
They specialise in design, manufacturing and installation of kitchens, bathrooms and bedroom cupboards that fulfil all your requirements.
• Kitchen
They offer excellent kitchen designs, kitchen renovations and kitchen installations. Their experience in the industry, coupled with the best quality products and workmanship enable you to design your dream kitchen. Their modular kitchen solutions include diverse designs —modern, contemporary, classic and antique. Conveniently enough, Essential Kitchens also provides 3D designs to their clients, offering a visual layout of your kitchen.
• Bedroom
Essential Kitchens specialises in bedroom cupboard designs, bedroom renovations and bedroom cupboard installations. Apart from designing and installing bedroom cupboards, they offer bathroom cupboards, kitchen cupboards and office desks and cupboards.
• Bathroom
Essential Kitchens provides expert bathroom cupboard designs, bathroom renovations and bathroom cupboard installations. You can choose from their wide selection of bathroom designs and cupboards for your home.
For more information regarding Essential Kitchens, visit their official website at: http://www.essentialkitchens.co.za/
About Essential Kitchens
Located in Cape Town, Essential Kitchens is a customised boutique company, offering expert solutions for your kitchen, bathroom and bedroom. You can choose from a wide selection – antique, modern to contemporary, at competitive prices.
By Bamidele Boluwaji: Former Nigeria coach, Samson Siasia, is one of the ex-internationals who have arrived in Uyo to root for the Super Eagles to beat the Chipolopolo of Zambia and qualify for the 2018 FIFA World Cup, Completesportsnigeria.com reports.
Siasia, who led Nigeria's U-23 Dream Team to the last Olympic Games in Rio, Brazil where they won bronze, arrived in Uyo Friday evening from Abuja where he has been focusing on his Academy.
Siasia told Completesportsnigeria.com that he decided to travel to Uyo to support the Super Eagles against Zambia in their bid to qualify for the 2018 FIFA World Cup.‎
“I am a Nigerian and I have decided to travel to Uyo just like every other Nigerians, to support the Super Eagles in their bid to qualify for the World Cup in Russia,” the former Nantes FC of France striker told Completesportsnigeria.com
“I believe the Super Eagles will qualify for the World Cup, if we can all give them our support and believe in them.”
Nigeria top Group B with ten points from four games and need an outright win over Zambia who are on seven points, to qualify for the Russia 2018 before the last day of the qualifiers.
REVERSE ERECTILE DYSFUNCTION Within 3Days And Make Her Happy Again!! Guaranteed!!! All NATURAL! No Side-Effects! Click Here!now.
Uncover how I make $750 weekly on Facebook using never been revealed Social Media tools.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
EastEnders fans were left stunned after it was revealed Max Branning's mystery bride is the sister of his ex-wife.
The car lot boss. played by Jake Wood, returned to Albert Square in Tuesday's episode to reveal to his neighbours that he has a new wife.
After gathering them all in Melanie Owen's nightclub, he was joined by drug addict Rainie Cross, played by Tanya Franks, who is the sister of Tanya Branning.
She revealed herself at the end of the episode as she stopped Kat Slater (Jessie Wallace) from slapping Max.
Viewers were horrified by the reveal, with one writing: "Rainie??? Firstly how? Lately why??? Please do explain Max. This should be interesting.."
Another wrote: "Ohhh snap!! Why am I still shocked at how far max can go?! Rainie....really??!! Was NOT expecting that."
Another fan said: "Can't believe Max married Rainie my head hurts," as one more said: "I can't be the only one who just shouted at the tv Nooooo. Make can't get any crazier."
EastEnders continues on BBC One on Thursday at 7.30pm.
Avaya, on Monday introduced an innovative framework to help enterprises deal with the security and efficiency challenges arising as the Internet of Things (IoT), Big Data, and Digital Transformation push compute functions out to the edge of the network. The Avaya framework for the Everywhere Data Center addresses these challenges, introducing the Avaya Pivot operating platform and the Avaya Arc orchestration engine. Avaya also announced the Avaya VSP 8600, a modular Ethernet switch specifically designed to complement the unique capabilities of Avaya Pivot and Avaya Arc. The rapid evolution of business applications and second-generation IoT devices is creating new east-west traffic requirements at the edge of the network. To send this edge traffic back to the centralized data center to pick up security and network services, then back to another segment at the edge, would increase latency and cost, and unnecessarily burden software or hardware resources along the way. On the other hand, deploying additional, dedicated appliances closer to the edge for cross segment communication would significantly increase network complexity, expense, and risk while negatively impacting scalability. This calls for a new approach, one that is achievable through the Avaya framework. Avaya's framework for the Everywhere Data Center has two essential parts: Avaya Pivot and Avaya Arc. The Avaya Pivot operating platform creates the ability to deploy virtualized network functions (VNFs) anywhere in the network. With the Avaya Arc orchestration engine, these functions can be automatically chained together into full-featured services using centralized policy-based tools. Individual functions could include network virtualization, firewall, IDS/IPS, QoS, and specialized gateways, which are selected based upon the unique requirements of a particular application. These two elements provide the necessary structure and control directly into the Campus edge, using concepts that have been thoroughly proven in the data center while avoiding the need for numerous standalone appliances. Complementing the Avaya Pivot operating platform is the new Avaya VSP 8600 Modular Switch with purpose-built hardware to address Everywhere Data Center requirements. The VSP 8600 incorporates an architecture with control processors on every interface card that, when used in combination with Avaya Pivot, can provide ample load balanced processing power to deliver network function virtualization (NFV). The VSP 8600 also provides differentiated hyper-segmentation and elasticity to easily isolate traffic from devices and applications throughout the campus and across the enterprise. Highly flexible, the VSP 8600 can be deployed anywhere in the enterprise, allows growth through the plug and play addition of daughter and main line cards, and the ability to mix and match generations of line cards as new capabilities become available. “With new challenges from traffic at the campus edge, Avaya is leveraging proven models taken from the data center “clean room” applying them to the more fragmented environment of the campus. The Avaya Pivot operating platform provides native NFV support on virtual machines or containers, including support for virtualized Network Operating Systems. As the complementary orchestration component, Avaya Arc provides a means to automate service deployment and create intent-based service chains. Ultimately, the Everywhere Data Center can reduce latency, cost and risk while preserving or enhancing scalability,” said Liam Kiely, vice president, Fabric Networking, Avaya. “There's more to deploying enterprise-class networking service chains than simply activating multiple services. Intelligently balancing loads between individual services is crucial for true wire-speed application performance. Kemp Load-Balancer and Firewall Services fit seamlessly into the Avaya Arc orchestration engine, optimizing processing power and providing fine-grained security services without impacting application performance. We have shown how the Kemp services can now be deployed as embedded service functions on the Avaya Pivot platform,” said Peter Melerud, co-Founder and CMO of Kemp Technologies, Inc. “Optimizing application performance over the WAN can be a challenge: ideally, path selection should be dynamic while individual flow characteristics are determined by application requirements. The Avaya Arc orchestration engine is a complement to FatPipe's SD-WAN platform: path and flow characteristics can now be determined via Arc's intent-based provisioning. The combined solution greatly simplifies deployment of diverse applications including Industrial IoT connectivity to the cloud, real-time voice and video services, or PCI-compliant end-to-end distributed services. Each composite service chain can be defined in a simple template, enabling automatic creation and deployment across the enterprise fabric,” said Sanch Datta, CTO, FatPipe Networks Inc.
It may have only been a run of the mill card at Down Royal, but it was a day Christian Delcros will never forget as Rossmore's Pride provided him with his first winner as a trainer.
The Frenchman has been in Ireland over 40 years now, and having worked with some of the biggest names in training will have picked up the odd nugget or two.
Rossmore's Pride was returning from a break and was winning at the ninth time of asking under Simon Torrens in the Adare Manor Opportunity Handicap Hurdle.
Delcros said: “That's my first winner, it took a long time! I took out the licence a year ago and we had a couple of horses placed.
“I came from France to Ireland and stayed in Ireland. I was a jockey in France and moved to Ireland in 1977. I worked for Darkie Prendergast. Then I went to Dessie Hughes when Dessie started off – I worked with him for 27 years.
“I rode for Dessie and did bits and pieces that could be done in a racing yard. I was head man there and left in 2010.
“We have seven horses in including a couple of young horses. You have to work with the facilities you have and sometimes it works and sometimes it doesn't. We are just outside Donegal Town.”
He added of his 5-1 victor: “He did it nicely, he's not a horse that would enjoy that sort of ground. Now he's going to go and jump a fence. He needs better ground.”
Icario (13-8) continued the golden run of Gordon Elliott and Davy Russell in the Guinness Maiden Hurdle, before Mala Beach (4-9 favourite) strolled to victory in the feature Daily Mirror Chase.
“He's been trying a long time so he deserves that. I'd say he'll go chasing,” said Elliott of Icario.
Mala Beach had won the Troytown Chase earlier this season, but ran no sort of race in the Irish Gold Cup last time out.
“It looked an ideal race to go for. Conditions suited him,” said Elliott.
“I'd say he remembered the quick ground in Leopardstown early on, but the further he got the better he jumped. That could be it for the year unless Punchestown came up very soft. He'll not go to Fairyhouse.”
Apple will place the first tranche of its € 13 billion Irish tax bills in an escrow account next month following the signing of a legal agreement between the Irish Government and the US tech giant.
It is anticipated that Apple will make a series of unspecified payments into the account starting in May with the full amount expected to be recovered by the end of September.
“This is a significant milestone with regard to the commencement of the recovery of the alleged State aid, as the escrow framework deed is the overarching agreement which will govern the collection and eventual payment of funds,” Minister for Finance Paschal Donohoe said.
The European Commission ruled in 2016 that the Irish State gave Apple €13 billion in illegal tax aid, and ordered that it pay the Irish Government the full amount plus interest.
When interest is added the final figure could reach €15 billion but the department said it was not possible to calculate the interest until all the money has been recovered.
The interest will remain with the principal amount and accrue to the Irish State unless the Commission's ruling is overturned on appeal.
Both Apple and the Government are appealing the ruling on the grounds Apple's tax treatment was in line with Irish and European Union law.
“The Government fundamentally disagrees with the ruling of the Commission. However, as committed members of the EU, Ireland is intent on complying with our binding legal obligations in this regard,” Mr Donohoe said.
He said he expected the appeal was likely to begin in the Autumn. “How long the hearings will last will depend on the judges overseeing it and could be open to either party after that to take any further actions.” The European appeals process may last up to four years.
The signing of the escrow framework deed on Tuesday allows for the appointment of the escrow agent or custodian and the investment managers. This, in turn, activates the process for the collection of the alleged State aid.
Bank of New York Mellon has been selected as preferred tenderer for the provision of escrow agency and custodian services in relation to the account while Amundi, Blackrock Investment and Goldman Sachs has been selected to manage the money.
Last October the Commission said it was taking Dublin to the European Court of Justice over delays in recovering the money.
“This is the largest recovery fund of its kind ever to be established and due to the complexity of such, together with our duty to comply with EU procurement rules, it is taken some time to get to this point,” Mr Donohoe said.
In its original ruling, the commission found that two tax rulings made by the Revenue Commissioners offered Apple a selective advantage and this constituted illegal state aid.
Apple announced in January that it is to pay the US government $38 billion (€31 billion) in tax relating to money it is repatriating to the US. The payment comes on foot of new US tax legislation which is ending the ability of US companies to defer tax on cash held offshore.
The company is not expected to get a write-down in its US tax bill if the EU dismisses its appeal. - Additional reporting by Reuters
Brazilian midfielder Oscar landed in Shanghai on Monday where the 25-year-old was set to smash the Asian transfer record with a reported €60 million ($63 million) deal with Shanghai SIPG.
Dozens of supporters chanting club songs swarmed the former Chelsea player at the city's Pudong airport, AFP reported.
Oscar's arrival in the Chinese Super League comes ahead of that of Argentina's former Manchester United striker Carlos Tevez, who signed for Shanghai Shenhua in another big-money deal last week.
Tevez's transfer fee was €10.5 million, according to the website transfermarkt.com, which tracks dealings in the sport, though the reported two-year contract of €38 million per season ($40 million) makes him the world's highest salaried footballer.
SIPG's general manager on Monday dismissed concerns raised by state media of a market bubble in the super-rich Chinese league, arguing prices have to be higher to attract players away from big European leagues.
"The league is developing so of course it will go through many different stages," Sui Guoyang told AFP, after escorting Oscar through a media scrum.
"I believe that from now on the Chinese Super League will become healthier and more normal," he added.
Some fans put it more bluntly.
"In the end if you do not pay the money then nobody would be willing to come over here," said SIPG supporter Zou Jiahuo.
Oscar will join fellow Brazilian player Hulk who joined SIPG for a reported €55 million in July 2016.
The pair will be coached by former Tottenham Hotspur and Chelsea manager Andre Villas-Boas.
The public is being asked to help identify a man suspected of stabbing two people at a convenience store earlier this month, according to the Santa Maria Police Department.
The attacks took place shortly before midnight at the 7-Eleven store at 1017 N. Broadway, Sgt. Jack Dunn said.
The suspect was described as a heavy-set Hispanic in his mid-30s, 5-foot-9 to 6 feet tall, with a light complexion, glasses, mustache and goatee.
He was last seen wearing a royal blue Dodgers jacket, black shirt and khaki pants.
“The suspect is considered armed and dangerous, and should not be contacted by anyone other than law enforcement personnel,” Dunn said.
Anyone with information regarding the suspect's possible identification or whereabouts is urged to contact the Police Department at 805.928.3781.
— Noozhawk executive editor Tom Bolton can be reached at .(JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address) . Follow Noozhawk on Twitter: @noozhawk, @NoozhawkNews and @NoozhawkBiz. Connect with Noozhawk on Facebook.
The global active pharmaceutical ingredients (API) market is prognosticated to showcase promising growth in the coming years, according to a report published by Transparency Market Research (TMR). The market features vendors that have gained expertise in specific technologies, and are operating with cutting edge specialization in their production capacities. Leading names in the industry are Dow Chemicals, BASF and DuPont. Some other prominent players such as Teva, Sun Pharma, Cipla, Takeda, and Orchid Pharma, are seen expanding their business to emerging economies in the Asia Pacific such as India.
Request for the Sample Report @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=S&rep_id=1690
Vendors are expected to face the challenge of application of sophisticated technologies and gaining long-term contracts with international manufacturers, leading to optimized scale of economies. Manufacturers have been producing their own drugs to gain substantial profit margins and explore the pharmaceutical landscape better. The vendor landscape of the global active pharmaceutical ingredients market is moderately consolidated at the present. Due to stringency in quality checks and regulations, new players are hard-pressed to enter the market.
According to TMR's report, the global active pharmaceuticals market is predicted to rise at a 6.4% CAGR over the forecast period from 2017 to 2023. The market stood at US$151,591.7 in 2017, and is predicted to attain US$219,601.9 by 2023.
The global API market has witnessed tremendous growth over the last few decades owing to the increased use of drugs and biologics in the treatment of diseases. The increasing adoption of quality standards in API manufacturing such as Good Manufacturing Practices (GMP), current GMP (cGMP), and the global adoption of International Conference on Harmonisation (ICH) guidelines, have helped improve the safety standards. On the other hand, the API industry is facing the challenges such as, shortening the development time, reducing the cost of development, improving the process design and meeting the quality standard without compromising on the profitability. The global API market is likely to be impacted by a large number of innovative drugs going off patent in the recent years.
Request for Discount @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=D&rep_id=1690
Rising use of specialty medicines is anticipated to grow the pharmaceutical spending worldwide with quicker growth in richer, developed nations as compared to their emerging counterparts. This is primarily because the former have adequate manufacturing units, a higher spending power, and greater emphasis on transparent pricing by assessing measuring effects on the population.
Generic drugs benefit from the patent expiration of innovative drug as it makes them readily available in the market. The demand to produce quality medicines at lower and affordable costs creates a scenario, where the needs for generic drugs increase. It has been estimated that generic drugs save approximately USD 3 billion every week in the United States. In 2013, unbranded generic drugs accounted for more than 80% of the prescription drugs being distributed, primarily due to their low price for patients, payers, and the healthcare system. Therefore, the rise in the demand for generic drugs is expected to be one of the major drivers for the API market.
Other factors playing a vital role for the growth of this market include the rise in the geriatric population with an increase in chronic and lifestyles related disorders, technological advancements in the process of API manufacture, and rising preference for targeted therapy approach in cancer treatment.
Request for Report TOC @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/report-toc/1690
About Us
Transparency Market Research is a global market intelligence company, providing global business information reports and services. Our exclusive blend of quantitative forecasting and trends analysis provides forward-looking insight for thousands of decision makers. Our experienced team of Analysts, Researchers, and Consultants, use proprietary data sources and various tools and techniques to gather, and analyze information.
Our data repository is continuously updated and revised by a team of research experts, so that it always reflects the latest trends and information. With a broad research and analysis capability, Transparency Market Research employs rigorous primary and secondary research techniques in developing distinctive data sets and research material for business reports.
Contact Us
Transparency Market Research,
90 Sate Street, Suite 700,
Albany, NY 12207
Tel: +1-518-618-1030
USA – Canada Toll Free: 866-552-3453
Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com
Website: https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/
Vision correction techniques have undergone tremendous advancements in the past decade. Simple, painless outpatient procedures can reduce dependence on glasses and contact lenses permanently. Attend Optegra's informative, complimentary open evening in Central London on June 27 at 6 PM to find out more about advanced permanent vision correction solutions available today. The evening is a must-attend for prospective patients who want to learn more about how to lose their glasses forever, with particular focus on Laser Eye Surgery and Lens Replacement treatments (Clarivu).
Optegra's very popular open evenings are the perfect opportunity for attendees to hear from dedicated Optegra consultants and learn more about the full spectrum of industry leading procedures offered under one roof. People who have heard about vision correction techniques such as LASIK, LASEK and SMILE can learn more about these treatments, and if they may benefit. The relaxed and informal environment of the open evening allows participants to chat with fellow attendees and also learn more about past patient experiences. A guided tour of the state of the art Central London hospital facility is also provided, along with the option to book a free vision correction consultation offered on select treatments.
The open evening event will be held at Optegra's state of the art Eye Hospital in London at 25 Queen Anne Street, London W1G 9HT, steered by Optegra's consultant Mr Amir Hamid. Mr. Hamid is a well-known surgeon having performed over 6000 cataracts / laser refractive surgeries and has presented papers at Cataract and Refractive Surgery Conferences in the UK, Europe and America. As the event gets fully booked, it is encouraged to reserve your slot for the Central London Open Evening
Optegra Eye Health Care has recently launched its Vision of Britain 2017 report in in conjunction with Boots Opticians. The report makes compelling reading for those looking for useful day to day advice on eye care; from identifying vision problems in children, myth busting, to the latest medical advances to treat eye conditions. Visit the Optegra website to download the complimentary Vision of Britain report.
To learn more about Optegra, UK's most trusted eye hospital group as rated by patients visit Optegra.com or call 0808 273 6059 Mon-Fri 8am-8pm, Sat 9am-4pm.
For media enquiries contact Tukshad Engineer – Head of Digital at Optegra – 0755 499 4155 | tukshad.engineer@optegra.com
About Optegra Eye Health Care
Optegra Eye Health Care is a specialist provider of ophthalmic services in the UK, China, Czech Republic, Poland and Germany. Optegra operates 23 eye hospitals and clinics and brings together leading edge research and medical expertise, state-of-the-art surgical equipment and top ophthalmic surgeons renowned for their areas of expertise to offer excellent clinical outcomes in laser eye surgery, lens replacement (Clarivu™), cataract removal, AMD, vitreoretinal and oculoplastic procedures all carried out in five-star patient facilities.
Optegra Eye Health Care operates seven dedicated eye hospitals based in Birmingham, Central London, Hampshire, Manchester, North London, Surrey and Yorkshire. For more information please visit Optegra.com
Contact:
Tukshad Engineer, Head of Digital at Optegra
Company: Optegra Eye Health Care
Phone: 0755 499 4155
Address: Surrey Research Park, The Surrey Research Park, 10 Alan Turing Rd, Guildford GU2 7YF, United Kingdom
Email: tukshad.engineer@optegra.com
Website: https://www.optegra.com/
The State Examinations Commission is still seeking qualified teachers to work as examiners across all subjects just six weeks ahead of the start of the Leaving Cert exams.
It wrote to school principals on Monday seeking their assistance in calling on teachers - including recently qualified graduates and retired staff - to work as examiners.
In particular, it says applications from teachers who are competent to mark subjects through Irish are especially needed.
“It would be of great assistance to the examinations system if you could encourage the teachers in your school to apply for these positions by notifying them of our extended recruitment campaign,” the commission states.
While a deadline of mid-December 2017 was listed on application forms for examiners, the commission says an extended recruitment campaign is underway.
It says it will appoint examiners right up to the start of the marking conferences in June, as it did last year.
In a statement to The Irish Times, the commission declined to say how many examiners were still required, except to say that it was in the process of “finalising panels across all subjects”
When asked if enough examiners will be hired, the spokesman said the commission has always secured the co-operation of teachers, including newly qualified teachers and retired teachers, in filling any vacancies and meeting the needs arising from drop-outs.
“The State Examinations Commission has every confidence that this will be the same this year,” the spokesman said.
He added that candidates should not worry and the exams will take place as scheduled.
Teachers' unions have predicted there will be shortages of examiners this year due to a combination of a lack of qualified teachers in key subjects, along with austerity-era cuts to pay rates for marking students' work.
While general recruitment of teachers to work as superintendents has finished for 2018, it said it was still seeking applications from teachers willing to superintend at exam centres in the greater Dublin area. It said the closing date for these applications was 30th April.
Earlier this month, delegates at the annual convention of the country's biggest secondary teachers' union warned of an “impending catastrophe” due to shortages of examiners and superintendents willing to correct exams.
Association of Secondary Teachers Ireland (ASTI) delegates voted unanimously for a 30 per cent increase in rates of pay for marking exams.
It said payments to examiners for marking individual exam papers ranged from just over €4 to just over €32, depending on the subject and length of the exam.
However, teachers said their take-home pay amounted to “blood money” because tax hikes meant it was less than half of these rates.
Fianna Fáil's education spokeman Thomas Byrne said it was clear the commission was now “scrambling” to find exam supervisors as a result of delays by the Minister for Education's in tackling the teacher supply “crisis”.
A spokeswoman for the Department of Education, however, said 5,000 extra teachers have been hired in the last two years – more than at any point in the State's history.
“The State Examinations Commission has advised the department that it is confident that with the ongoing support of teachers, all positions will be filled, just like in previous years,” the spokeswoman said.
News gallery
Liz Dawn‬ funeral | Coronation Street‬ stars say farewell to Vera Duckworth‬‬ actress
Corronation Street stars and fans paid an emotional farewell at the funeral of actress Liz Dawn today. The much-loved soap star played Vera Duckworth in Coronation Street for 34 years. Mrs Dawn - who was born Sylvia Butterfield - died on September 25, aged 77. She is survived by her husband Don, four children, six grandchildren and three great-grandchildren. Mourners gather outside of Salford Cathedral in Salford, England. These pictures were taken from outside the cathedral.
(Image: Getty Images Europe) 1 of 28 (Image: Getty Images Europe) 2 of 28 (Image: Getty Images Europe) 3 of 28 (Image: Getty Images Europe) 4 of 28 (Image: Getty Images Europe) 5 of 28 (Image: Getty Images Europe) 6 of 28 (Image: Getty Images Europe) 7 of 28 (Image: Getty Images Europe) 8 of 28 (Image: Getty Images Europe) 9 of 28 (Image: Getty Images Europe) 10 of 28 (Image: Getty Images Europe) 11 of 28 (Image: Getty Images Europe) 12 of 28 (Image: Getty Images Europe) 13 of 28 (Image: Getty Images Europe) 14 of 28 (Image: Getty Images Europe) 15 of 28 (Image: Getty Images Europe) 16 of 28 (Image: Getty Images Europe) 17 of 28 (Image: Getty Images Europe) 18 of 28 (Image: Getty Images Europe) 19 of 28 (Image: Getty Images Europe) 20 of 28 (Image: Getty Images Europe) 21 of 28 (Image: Getty Images Europe) 22 of 28 (Image: Getty Images Europe) 23 of 28 (Image: Getty Images Europe) 24 of 28 (Image: Getty Images Europe) 25 of 28 (Image: Getty Images Europe) 26 of 28 (Image: Getty Images Europe) 27 of 28 (Image: Getty Images Europe) 28 of 28
Follow CBSMIAMI.COM: Facebook | Twitter
MIAMI (CBSMiami) — New research suggests some big health benefits when it comes to drinking alcohol but experts warn you shouldn't overdo it.
Terrence Hewitt is enjoying a drink with friends.
“I moderately drink. I'm a social drinker, so you know I think it's good for you,” said Hewitt.
New research suggests he has the right idea.
A study in the Journal of the American College of Cardiology shows light to moderate alcohol consumption may offer some protective health benefits.
“At light to moderate doses of alcohol, there was a decrease in both all-cause mortality or death, and a decrease in cardiovascular mortality or death. And at high doses of alcohol, there was increase in mortality and an increase in cancer deaths,” said Cardiologist Dr. Tara Narula.
Previous studies have linked high alcohol consumption to increased risk of heart disease and stroke.
Doctor Narula tells patients that light to moderate means one drink per day for women and two for men.
“One of the theories is that alcohol may raise the HDL or good cholesterol, it may help to improve the health of the blood vessels, decrease clotting or break up the blood clots, improve inflammation, lower it and have anti-oxidant benefits,” said Narula.
Narula doesn't recommend that non-drinkers start, but for those who enjoy an occasional drink, red wine is best. The key is moderation.
It's something Jackie Lagrega says she tries to stick with.
“Drinking in moderation is awesome for you because it relieves stress,” said Lagrega.
Researchers looked at data on more than 330,000 people over more than 10 years for the study.
Donald Kirkland, 89, of Campbellsville, died Saturday, Feb. 11, 2017, in Louisville.
Born Dec. 7, 1927, in Mercer County, he was the son of the late Clarence Kirkland and Josie Lou Devine Kirkland.
He was of the Baptist faith. He was a veteran, having served his country honorably in the United States Air Force. He was the retired manager, worldwide for Ingersoll Rand.
He united in marriage to Anne Kurtz Jan. 24, 1946. She preceded him in death Dec. 3, 1999.
He was a Silver Life Master Bridge Player and an active member of the Campbellsville Bridge Club.
Penticton's public works manager is recommending that the British Columbia city spend $125,000 to have a consultant recommend an array of modern options for handling wastewater solids.
Currently, the Okanagan Valley city of 44,000 people transports solids every weekday from its advanced wastewater treatment plant to a composting facility at the Campbell Mountain Landfill, where it's processed into compost, using aerated static pile technology. An April staff report describes the process as being mixed with a blend of ground organic and dimensional lumber waste at a ratio that allows for the compost process to occur. After meeting the temperature and time requirements, the report adds, the completed compost is screened and sold in bulk or small quantities, primarily to local users.
“Although this simple process has worked reasonably well for many years, facility age, condition, regulations, marketing challenges, landfill needs, and development pressures have created the need to review operations and explore other potential methods of managing the solids,” wrote Penticton Public Works Manager Len Robson in the April staff report.
The Public Works Department wants to issue a request for proposals to qualified engineering consulting firms to identify potential alternative management processes in a report to service the sanitary sewer residuals management needs for at least the next 20 years.
Subscribe to our Newsletter! The latest environmental engineering news direct to your inbox. You can unsubscribe at any time. First Name *
Email * This iframe contains the logic required to handle Ajax powered Gravity Forms.
The review would explore:
Land application of biosolids
Incineration or waste to energy
Landfill options
Alternative solids processors
Digestion process at the wastewater plant (with and without food waste)
Drying and pelletizing
Compost production for landfill gas capture
Composting (current process or alternative process).
Robson's staff report notes that the compost facility at Campbell Mountain does not meet new regulations, which is a particular driver for exploring additional composting options.
Robson also noted that the market for compost has been slow, with the city needing to hold compost giveaway days for Penticton businesses and residents in order to free up real estate at the landfill.
A community engagement plan was a strong component of Robson's presentation to city council this month. He said that, due to recent controversies surrounding the siting of proposed composting facilities elsewhere in the region, he wanted to ensure that the public not only stayed in the loop, but that Penticton received the best guidance surrounding options for the future of its sewage management. The city even has a dedicated engagement strategist for the project.
Penticton's use of the Campbell Mountain Landfill for wastewater solids has been part of the controversy at several council meetings in 2018 for the neighbouring Regional District of Okanagan Similkameen. Residents have been up in arms over odours they say are emanating from the compost facility where the wastewater solids are taken.
Watch, Text, and Win Tickets To 'Love Never Dies'Try to win a pair of tickets to Love Never Dies by answering the question seen in our contest commercial. Just text the correct answer and you're entered.
Sign-Up Now For Our 2017 Knockout PoolPut your football expertise to the test for your chance at $5,000.
Have What It Takes To Win? Sign-Up NowPick a winner for every game each week for your chance at $5000.
Get The CBSMiami Weather AppGet the new CBSMiami Weather app and stay up to date on severe weather in South Florida.
Alternate Means Of Entry For CBS Miami Texting ContestsNo mobile phone or texting plan? No problem! You can enter online for any contest on CBS Miami by entering here as an alternate means of entry.
WQAM (AM) Contest and Promotion RulesUnless otherwise specified by Radio Station WQAM (AM) (the “Station”), these rules cover routine contests and promotions conducted by the Station. These rules may be amended by separate specific rules for major contests or promotions conducted by the Station or its sponsors.
NAIROBI, Kenya (AP) " An official says two people have died after the collapse of a condemned building in a low-income area of Kenya's capital.
The deputy director of the National Disaster Management Unit, Pius Mwachi, says a woman who had been pulled from the rubble died from her injuries at a hospital. On Tuesday, rescuers pulled the body of a child from the rubble. The building collapsed late Monday.
Mwachi says the woman who died is the mother of the dead child and two other children who were rescued alive.
Mwachi says one man is still believed to be trapped in the rubble.
Advertisement
Building collapses are common in Nairobi, where 4 million people live in low-income areas or slums. Housing is in high demand and unscrupulous developers often bypass regulations.
The survival rate for heart attacks has improved by more than 40 per cent in the last decade according to the latest statistics from the Department of Health.
Heart attacks or acute myocardial infarctions (AMIs) are one of the leading causes of death in Ireland. By 2020 it is expected that 103,000 people will be at risk of a heart attack as a result of coronary heart disease.
Since 2008, the 30-day mortality rate for heart attacks after hospital admission has decreased by 42 per cent. A decade ago, 9.1 out of every 100 heart attacks resulted in death after admission. This dropped to 5.3 per 100 cases in 2017.
Ireland compared favourable to mortality rates in other developed countries- the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) average is 7.5 deaths per 100 admissions, according to 2015 data.
Heart attack mortality rates in Ireland have dropped every year since 2008. However the department noted that mortality rates in one hospital – St Vincent's in Dublin – remains significantly higher than the national average.
St Vincent's had a mortality rate of 8.53 per cent in 2017. The best performing hospital was Our Lady's in Navan, Co Meath, with a 2.12 per cent mortality rate.
The report states a high mortality rate in a particular hospital is not necessarily indicative of poor care practices. It could be explained by several factors such as a local population that is particularly prone to heart disease.
Annual report
The figures are contained in the department's National Healthcare Quality Reporting System annual report, which was released yesterday.
The system examines 35 performance indicators across the health service including vaccination rates and cancer survival rates.
The report notes with concern that far fewer older people are getting flu vaccines. Between 200 and 500 mainly older people die from flu each winter. The HSE aims to vaccinate 75 per cent of over-65-year-olds against flu each year.
Over the last five years, it has never exceeded 60 per cent and in 2017 this dropped to about 54 per cent. The rate has dropped every year since 2014.
Elsewhere the report states the number of eligible women receiving screenings for cervical cancer under the CervicalCheck programme was 79 per cent, slight under the 80 per cent target.
Controversy
The latest figures relate to 2016 and do not take into account the CervicalCheck misdiagnosis controversy that emerged earlier this year.
Survival rates for ischaemic strokes, the most common type of stroke, have increased by 31 per cent since 2008. Survival rates for haemorrhagic strokes improved 5.3 per cent during the same period.
Increasing numbers of women are opting to give birth via Caesarean section, the report shows. In 2016, 32 out of every 100 births were via Caesarean, a figure that has risen every year since 2007.
“There are many possible reasons suggested by the OECD for these increases including reduced risks associated with Caesarean delivery, increasing litigation, increases in first births among older women, and the rise in multiple births resulting from assisted reproduction,” the report says.
There is a gold rush under way in the sizzling Dublin pubs market, which is swinging like a prohibition-era speakeasy.
Sales in bars rose 5.5 per cent last year, according to official State statistics, but that arc soared far higher in Dublin. The Licensed Vintners Association (LVA), which represents the capital's publicans, estimates growth in the city was in the “high single digits”, as pubs enter their fourth year of solid improvement.
The price of city pubs is skyrocketing, and everyone from boomtime property developers to US private equity houses are piling into the sector. In a throwback to the last boom, pub barons are back in vogue.
This time round, who are they?
“Some of the big names from the last boom, such as Charlie Chawke and Louis Fitzgerald, are still there,” says John Ryan, director of the hotel and pub division of property agents CBRE. “But now there is a new, younger cohort. The sector has its mojo back.”
In the city centre, the most active investors currently are the Press Up Entertainment group, the Mercantile Group, and, latterly, NolaClan.
Paddy McKillen Jr's Press Up, whose near 30-strong group of bars, hotels and eateries includes high-end concepts such as the Stella in Rathmines and the Vintage Cocktail Club, is by far the largest and most acquisitive on the scene.
It recently bought Residence on St Stephen's Green, which will reopen in April. This year, including hotels and restaurants, Press Up will open up to nine new venues across the city, including ambitious redevelopments such as the three-storey Aungier House and new builds like the Devlin hotel in Ranelagh.
Press Up is asset-hungry and lavishly funded. The group, whose sales last year topped €52 million, appears to be ultimately controlled by Isle of Man companies linked to McKillen's developer father, after whom he is named.
At the top end of the bar market, Press Up's biggest rival is the emerging NolaClan group, which in December opened 9 Below, a reservations-only bar on St Stephen's Green that aims to deliver five-star hotel-style service. Pints cost €8.
This week, The Irish Times revealed that Alan Clancy, NolaClan's founder, has linked up with major developer Jerry Conlan to fund its assault on the city.
Conlan has taken a stake of more than 25 per cent in the group, whose big hits include House on Leeson Street and Xico on Baggot Street. NolaClan wholly or partially owns about 10 venues, including some outside Dublin, but it has firm plans for more in the city, particularly in the white-hot Dame Street locale.
“Alan is an ideas guy: he loves devising new bar concepts,” said one industry insider. “In recent years, he has tried to buy anything that moves.”
Leaseholds
Clancy, who has been funded by Kish Capital and Warren Private, also owns shares in at least six pubs outside of NolaClan. Unlike Press Up and Mercantile, he appears to prefer acquiring leaseholds, which has helped him expand his footprint so quickly in recent years.
A decade ago, the low-key Westmeath man was running a small group of pubs on Dublin's northside for Howth businessman Michael Wright.
In 2009, while the market lay moribund, they opened the Wright Venue, a cavernous 50,000sq ft nightclub in a retail park in Swords. The concept melded a kaleidoscope of ideas gleaned from a year-long odyssey, which took the two men to clubs from Beijing to Ibiza. The venue was a celebrity hit.
By 2011, Clancy had branched out on his own with Mrs Robinsons in Greystones, 15 miles outside the city, financially backed by publican Vincent O'Reilly, who sold the Graduate in Killiney for €10 million before the crash.
The following year, they picked up the lease on 37 Dawson Street (formerly Ron Blacks) for €400,000, after UK-based Argentinian steakhouse chain Gaucho got cold feet. In 2013, Clancy opened House, and the group took off.
Clancy separately owns bars in Chapelizod (the Villager), New York, Kilkenny (with Dublin GAA star Bernard Brogan) and, soon, Athlone (with Blizzards drummer Declan Murphy).
With Naas developer Conlan – one of the “Maple 10” investors who tried to save Anglo Irish Bank in 2008 – NolaClan's focus will be on the Dame Street area, close to the group's Oak pub.
Exchequer hotel owner Conlan, who has re-emerged from the ashes of the boom with backing from US group Grand Coast Capital, has already signed NolaClan up for a huge bar on 37 Dame Street, which used to house the Migrant Rights Centre Ireland. Conlan is also redeveloping the nearby Exchequer in a scheme that envelopes the Globe pub, which Conlan appears to have bought recently.
Conlan is separately developing two other boutique hotels in the vicinity of Dame Street with Grand Coast, both of which have bar concepts that could benefit from Clancy's expertise.
Dame Street is in the Dublin 2 area, which is “the hottest area in the country right now for bar turnover”, says Donall O'Keeffe, chief executive of the LVA. “The city market is in terrific shape, especially with all the tourists and the national events taking place in the city.”
The seven-venue-strong Mercantile Group, which takes its name from its flagship pub/hotel on Dame Street, is investing €30 million in a refurbishment programme across the group to capitalise on the boom in tourists and locals.
The flagship hotel will soon be redeveloped, with the number of rooms rising to 100, while the venue's frontage will stretch as far as Rick's Burgers on the corner of South Great George's Street.
‘Superpub'
The group has just spent €4 million revamping Opium on Wexford Street. Its last year refurbished iconic gay bar the George and also Nolita. This year and next, it will spend more than €4 million overhauling Café En Seine on Dawson Street, the quintessential “superpub” of the last boom and this one.
Mercantile is now wholly controlled by two Irish-American families: the Regans, who hail from Kerry, and the Breslins, originally from Kells, a few miles over the Meath border from Clancy's hometown of Clonmellon.
Mercantile's venues are less numerous than, say, Press Up's, but far larger. A recent buyout of its minority partner, Danu, valued the group's net assets at about €55 million.
The group is currently focusing its capital on refurbishing its existing portfolio, but group chief executive Pat Burke says it could still expand its footprint over time as opportunities present themselves.
“Our business never stands still . . . as consumer confidence continues to grow and there is more discretionary spending out there, people are ready to be more choosy and will gravitate to bars that have innovated,” he said.
Burke, a former senior executive at accountants Grant Thornton, personifies the more financially disciplined approach to business-building that is evident among those expanding in the city's pub industry.
Also active in the city in recent years have been Jar owner the Loyola Group, run by Stephen Cooney (son of senior counsel Garrett Cooney) and the Bodytonic group run by Trevor O'Shea, who owns MVP and the Bernard Shaw.
Over the last year, the suburban pub market has also taken off again. There is demand from publicans in the €1 million to €2 million asset price segment, especially from family businesses looking for a second or third property.
The group run by industry elder statesman Louis Fitzgerald, owner of properties such as An Poitín Stil and the Stag's Head, may be smaller than it was before the debt-fuelled crash that hit the sector, but he is expanding again.
With his nephew and son, Fitzgerald recently completed the purchase of the Gondola in Newcastle, west Dublin. He says it will be renamed the Annie May, after the first names of his mother and his wife's mother.
“It is the names of the two lads' grannies. The next generation is helping me run much of the business now. We're on the lookout again,” says Fitzgerald.
Ryan says that many suburban pubs, especially those with car parks suitable for residential redevelopment, are now being viewed by some owners in terms of their “alternative use value”. O'Keeffe, too, says this is an increasing factor.
Builder Greg Kavanagh, for example, is said to have already acquired three such pubs, including the Golden Ball in Stepaside.
Another of the old pub barons who remained upright at end of the crash, Charlie Chawke, now sits on two of the best potential redevelopment sites: the Orchard Inn in Rathfarnham and the Goat Bar on Kilmacud road.
Perhaps the next wave of suburban pub barons will not be publicans at all, but housebuilders.
Sláinte.
ROME — The leader of an Italian party that hopes to capitalize on growing resentment of migrants and asylum-seekers told supporters in Rome Sunday it would be “splendid” if he wins national elections and his government can issue one-way tickets home to undeserving refugees.
Matteo Salvini wants to propel his anti-migrant Northern League, which was founded in 1991 as a regional party in Italy's affluent north, to its first premiership in the national election set for early 2018.
To do so, Salvini needs to build support in the south, an underdeveloped area of Italy the League has long denigrated as living off government aid.
Many of the thousands of people who turned out for his Rome rally did come from southern Italy. One of them was Adriana Domeniconi, who travelled by bus from Matera in the “instep” of the boot-shaped Italian peninsula.
“We're no longer about north vs. south, but against those invading our country,” she said.
Domeniconi was referring to the hundreds of thousands of asylum-seekers and economic migrants that have received shelter in Italy after being rescued at sea from traffickers' boats setting out from the Libyan coast.
Opinion surveys have found that many Italians blame the newcomers for crime.
“The Salvini government will have the (nation's) doors wide open for women and children who are fleeing war, but not for those bringing war to our home,” Salvini told the rally. For the latter, “we need one-way tickets to send them back.”
The advertised goal of the rally was to oppose a proposed citizenship law that the centre-left, Democrat-led government of Premier Paolo Gentiloni is supporting in Parliament before the legislature's term expires in March.
Currently, children born in Italy to migrants with long-term residence permits have to wait until they reach age 18 to seek Italian citizenship. The proposed law would make children as young as 12 who are born in Italy, as well as those arriving as youngsters, eligible to request citizenship after five years of schooling in Italy.
Saying that citizenship “isn't an electoral gift,” Salvini told the approving crowd that the legislation “won't happen thanks to the League and you.”
The Northern League is planning to run in alliance with the centre-right Forza Italia party of former three-time premier Silvio Berlusconi and the tiny right-wing Brothers of Italy party.
Berlusconi, who is a due to a tax fraud conviction isn't eligible to run for office, considers himself Italy's centre-right leader and hasn't voiced support for a Salvini premiership.
Opinion polls published last week indicated Berlusconi's party had about a two-point advantage over the Northern League. Berlusconi hopes the three-party alliance will give the coalition enough votes to be the biggest bloc in Parliament and clinch the premiership.
Salvini at the rally heaped praise on U.S. President Donald Trump and Russian President Vladimir Putin, the former for tax reform and fighting illegal immigration and the latter for “defending values and national borders.”
Of his hopes to become premier, Salvini said: “If the Italians want that, it would be a splendid reality.”
——
Frances D'Emilio is on Twitter at http://www.twitter.com
As many as 16 people have died in Quebec from complications related to the extended period of hot and humid weather hitting much of Eastern and Central Canada.
With the muggy temperatures expected to persist for at least another two days, authorities are urging people to be vigilant.
Montreal health officials say 11 people have died since the intense heat set in over the weekend, with health authorities in the Eastern Townships region east of Montreal attributing another four deaths to the sweltering temperatures. A fifth fatality may also have been caused by the heat, they said.
Dr. Melissa Genereux, head of public health in the Eastern Townships, told a news conference Wednesday the victims are all adults — either seniors or people suffering from chronic illness. The deaths were not concentrated in any specific municipality.
"There are still two days left of particularly hot weather with particularly high humidex levels," Genereux said. "We're inviting the population to be vigilant for the next two days — for themselves as well as those close to them."
Officials across the province are advising people to drink plenty of water and check in on neighbours or relatives and get them to a place where air conditioning is available.
"It could save a life," Genereux said.
Environment Canada says a heat warning remains in effect for an area spanning southwestern and northeastern Ontario through southern Quebec and into the Atlantic region, with above normal temperatures and humid conditions likely to stick around into Thursday.
In Montreal, police and firefighters continued to go door to door in areas identified as having people considered at high risk: those with chronic illness or mental-health problems, those who live alone and people without air conditioning at home.
Dr. Mylene Drouin, head of public health for the Montreal region, said the number of fatalities has risen since authorities first announced six deaths on Tuesday, but that the spike is not unexpected.
Film stars such as Radhika Apte and Usha Jadhav have spoken out in a new documentary over their concerns about sexual harassment in the Indian film industry and fears that victims are too scared to come forward.
In a BBC World News report to be aired over this weekend, Apte and Jadhav are among those who have opened up about the culture of silence in Bollywood, mainly because its stars are so revered.
"Some people are regarded as gods. They are so powerful that people just don't think that my voice is going to matter, or people think that if I speak, probably my career is going to get ruined," Apte tells BBC's Rajini Vaidyanathan in "Bollywood's Dark Secret".
Asked what she thought about the #metoo campaign against harassment in Hollywood, the "Pad Man" star added: "The way the women, and the men of course, came together and decided that as a team we are not going to let this happen, I wish that could happen here."
Vaidyanathan has also spoken to actresses who have faced unwanted advances as well as stars who believe a dark secret lies behind Bollywood's glamour. Marathi award-winningactress Jadhav reveals that it is common for powerful men in the industry to demand sexual favours. Describing one conversation, she says that she was told she would need to give something in return for the opportunity she had been given.
I said something as in 'what? I don't have money'. He said no, no, no, no it's not about money, it's about that you need to sleep with, maybe it can be a producer, maybe it can be a director, it can be both too, she said.
The documentary also interviews a 25-year-old aspiring actress who left her small village to chase her Bollywood dream, but says she was molested on a number of occasions, including the first time she met a casting agent.
"He started telling me that for an actress you should be happy to have sex as and when possible and embrace your sexuality," she is quoted as saying in the documentary.
"He touched me wherever he wanted, he kissed me wherever he wanted and I was shocked. He put his hand inside my clothes so I asked him to stop and he said: Do you know what, if you really want to work in this industry I don't think you've got the right attitude," she added.
The documentary will be aired around the world on Saturday and Sunday.
Credits - PTI
Share this:
For nearly 20 years, metallers Arallu—hailing from the West Bank settlement of Ma'ale Adummim near Jerusalem—have been as outspoken as possible about genocide, war and religion. Frontman Genie King a.k.a. Butchered says, “When you make the music you like and believe in truly, 20 years goes fast.”
On their sixth album, aptly titled Six (out via Transcending Obscurity), they continue to find the balance between Middle East sounds of the saz and darbuka (and other instruments) alongside a shattering death metal blend. Despite the decades in existence, Genie notes that “it's not easy to get the spotlight” of the metal world. “Our music is not easy for the western ears with the middle east sound, and not easy for the east with the heavy metal sound. We need to work hard to find the right audience for our style of music.”
On the latest single “Only One Truth,” they strike at hardline fanatics who propagate war – from the Islamic State to European and American military presence. Genie says about the gnashing track and how it mirrors the concept of Six, “Arallu's concept mirrors the human race, the hypocrisy of the governments all around the world including Israel, and the unwillingness and fear to fight the extremist religious leaders. The situation here is not easy, especially in Jerusalem and Israel. We live in days of war because of religions, and that religious hatred has inspired our music and lyrics.”
Featured photo: Ariel Ifergan. Pre-order Six here.
The Ministry of Defence has been unable to warn a high-profile veterans' group to stop encouraging former soldiers to bin letters urging co-operation with Troubles inquests because it cannot find its postal address, a court has heard.
A lawyer representing families of some of those killed in shootings involving the Army in Ballymurphy in west Belfast in 1971 branded the MoD explanation as “bordering on the comical”.
Earlier this year, the Great Britain-based campaign group Justice for Northern Ireland Veterans (JFNIV) recommended that former soldiers who received letters asking them to volunteer information about the Ballymurphy shootings should “throw them in the bin”.
A fresh inquest into the deaths of 10 people shot at Ballymurphy has been hampered by an inability to trace soldiers involved. The letters to potential military witnesses were sent on behalf of the Coroners Service for Northern Ireland.
The JFNIV group has been involved in a well-publicised campaign to stop historical investigations into the actions of ex-security force members in Northern Ireland.
The MoD had committed to write to it to make clear that the ministry wanted former Army personnel to co-operate with the coroner.
At a preliminary hearing in Belfast ahead of the scheduled autumn inquest, MoD barrister Kevin Rooney QC told presiding coroner Siobhan Keegan why the MoD had not yet communicated that message to the group.
“The MoD can't get a correspondence address for them,” he said.
The lawyer said the MoD had looked at the group's website, but said it did not list an address.
Mr Rooney said if an address could be sourced the MoD would write to the group to “let them know those letters shouldn't be thrown in the bin and there should be co-operation with the coroners' office in this regard”.
Barry McDonald QC, representing some of the Ballymurphy families, expressed scepticism at the MoD position.
“It does border on the comical for the MoD to suggest that they don't know how to contact an Army veterans' association or what their address is,” he said. “It's very difficult for the next of kin to accept that is correct.”
Mr Rooney highlighted that the group had no official links to the MoD.
“They are a totally independent group. They don't act with MoD authorisation and they are not under their auspices. So there's no method that we can, at this point in time, find an address for them.”
Responsibility for the Ballymurphy deaths has long been attributed solely to soldiers on the ground, amid disputed claims they were returning IRA fire. But a number of weeks ago loyalist paramilitaries claimed they were also involved.
The inquest is scheduled to start in September.
National leader of the Progressives Congress ( APC ) Bola Ahmed Tinubu has reacted to the launch of the Coalition for Nigeria championed by former President Olusegun Obasanjo. Tinubu stated that it was too early to respond to movement as every Ni...
Index Markets Research provides statistical analysis on Global Trimethylacetic Acid (CAS 75-98-9) Market provides a basic overview of the industry including its definition, applications and manufacturing technology. The report covers business strategists like major drivers, dynamics, share, segmentation, revenue forecasts, effective growth for the key players and facilitate better decision-making. The report offers the estimations of size of the market and analysis of the trend based on the pipeline of the Trimethylacetic Acid (CAS 75-98-9) market. The Key Players mentioned in the report are Alkali Metals, BG Chemicals, Kedia Organic Chemcials, Morre-Tec Industries, Parish Chemical, Vav Life Sciences, Vav Life Sciences, Corbion, Justdial, Dalian Best Chemical, Anhui Xingyu, Hebei Fude Chemical, Shanghai Trustin Chemical. This report provides a competitive scenario, with a purpose of enlightening new entrants about the possibilities in this Trimethylacetic Acid (CAS 75-98-9) Market.
Get a Sample Copy @ https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-trimethylacetic-acid-cas-75-98-9-market/10345/#requestforsample
The report offers a crucial opinion relating to the global Trimethylacetic Acid (CAS 75-98-9) market by discussing of its segmentation Commercial, Government, Personal. The sectors have been reviewed in terms of present as well as future trends. The analysis of geographical segmentation incorporates the estimated and present requirements from these regions. The study also offers the need associated to the different end-use sectors and separate goods in all of the geographical sectors of the market. The report also analyses the Trimethylacetic Acid (CAS 75-98-9) market in terms of volume [k MT] and revenue [Million USD].
The Trimethylacetic Acid (CAS 75-98-9) Market report gives detailed overview of terms and terminologies, applications, and classifications that are used in the context of market. It provides insights into the manufacturing cost structure and calculated as an aggregate of raw material costs, equipment costs, labor costs, and other costs. In terms of a technical consideration, the report discusses the production capacity of major manufacturers of Trimethylacetic Acid (CAS 75-98-9). This is estimated on circumstances such as the number of production plants, R&D status, raw material sources, and technology used by these manufacturers in 2018.
This report is segmented into several key Regions such as North America, China, Europe, Southeast Asia, Japan & India, with production, consumption, revenue (million USD), and market share and growth rate of Trimethylacetic Acid (CAS 75-98-9) in these regions, from 2012 to 2022 (forecast).
On the basis of Product Type, this report displays the production, revenue, price, market share and growth rate of each type, primarily split into : Cosmetic Grade, Industrial Grade, Pharmaceutical Grade.
On the basis on the end users/applications, Market report focuses on the status and outlook for major applications/end users, sales volume, market share and growth rate for each application, including : Agricultural Agent, Dyestuff, Medicine, Cosmetics, Others.
Key Highlights Of The Trimethylacetic Acid (CAS 75-98-9) Market Report:
1) A complete framework analysis, including an assessment of the parent market.
2) The study of emerging market segments and the existing market segments will help the readers in planning the business strategies.
3) Market Dynamics(Industry News, Development Challenges & Opportunities).
4) A Clear understanding of the market supported growth, constraints, opportunities, practicableness study.
5) Historical, present, and prospective size of the market from the perspective of both value and volume.
6) Market shares and strategies of leading players.
7) Recommendations to companies to substantiate their foothold in the market.
Inquiry for Buying Report @ https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-trimethylacetic-acid-cas-75-98-9-market/10345/#inquiry
In the end, the report includes Trimethylacetic Acid (CAS 75-98-9) new project SWOT analysis, investment practicalness analysis, investment come analysis, and Development Trend Analysis. The key rising opportunities of the fastest growing international Trimethylacetic Acid (CAS 75-98-9) market segments are coated throughout this report. This report additionally presents product specification, producing method, and products cost structure. Production is separated by regions, technology and applications. The Trimethylacetic Acid (CAS 75-98-9) industry data source, appendix, research findings and the conclusion.
About Us
Index Markets Research conduct market research and publish reports. You can find more than 35,000 research reports in our web store, which covers global industry and the regional markets. All the worldwide marketing data you need is at your fingertips.
Contact Us
Mark Irwin
Sales Manager
Email Id : sales@indexmarketsresearch.com
Phone: +1 202 888 3519
Web: https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/
Any minute now, the negative attention on Facebook in the wake of the data harvesting revelations should pile high enough to trigger that most earnest of public relations commodities: a post on the Facebook page of Mark Zuckerberg.
By now, these posts can be relied upon to follow an ultra-careful, incredibly successful format. They are written in the short, deadening sentences suggestive of common sense. They include a smidgen of vague contritition and the promise to do better. They seem entirely reasonable. But their chief attribute is the skill with which the business of Facebook is distilled into the simplest and most innocuous of terms. There is no obfuscation through deliberate complexity – like the best spin, the language used trumpets its own clarity.
Questions
The Facebook chief executive is almost as fond of the phrase “I want to be clear” as Theresa May is of “let me be clear”. And yet the social media giant finds itself accused of having misled a UK House of Commons committee that had pressed it on how companies accessed user data and if information had been taken without users' consent: Damian Collins, the MP who chairs this committee, claims Facebook “deliberately avoided answering straight questions” through the time-honoured manner of sending uninformed lieutenants.
His headline-making call upon Zuckerberg to “stop hiding behind his Facebook page” has gained traction, in part because a similar frustration has been building across the Atlantic. In November, when a US Senate judiciary committee held hearings into Russian interference in the presidential election, it had to suffice with visits from the most senior lawyers of Facebook, Google and Twitter, rather than, as one senator put it, “the top people who are actually making the decisions”.
Let's have a closer look at some of Facebook's recent decision-making. On Friday night, in a post with the byline of its deputy general counsel, Paul Grewal, it announced that it was suspending Cambridge Analytica, a political data analytics company that worked for Donald Trump's election team and the winning Brexit campaign.
This was Facebook getting its spoke in ahead of the publication of whistleblower-assisted investigations by the Observer and New York Times concerning the mining of tens of millions of Facebook profile data for political ends. It wasn't terribly keen on these reports: it “ downplayed” the story put to it by the New York Times and told the Observer it was making “false and defamatory” allegations.
Disinformation
This is one of those times when a chilling phenomenon – a targeted disinformation “war” – has its roots in the absurd. At the heart of this scandal lies an app called “thisisyourdigitallife”, which asked users to answer questions to build a pyschological profile. Facebook says its creator, an academic called Dr Aleksandr Kogan (who once went by the name Dr Spectre), “lied” to Facebook in 2014 by passing that data along to a company called SCL and its affiliate, Cambridge Analytica, without informing users. While some 270,000 people downloaded the app, the data of their friends on the platform was also collected (which was possible then, but not now). In total, some 50 million US-based profiles ended up in the data pool.
None of this should have happened. But when Facebook says its policies have been “violated”, it is not referring to the original data extraction, but its passing to a third party. The 270,000 users “gave their consent” to Kogan, it says, while their friends had “their privacy settings set to allow” their “more limited information” being accessed. Never mind that these tens of millions couldn't have known who or what was behind an app that they had not downloaded themselves and most likely were not aware their “friends” had used.
Facebook executives who aren't Mark Zuckerberg have been engaged in some weapons-grade splitting of hairs. Facebook doesn't like the phrase “data breach”, you see. To call it a data breach is “completely false”, Grewal's updated post states, because “people knowingly provided their information, no systems were infiltrated, and no passwords or sensitive pieces of information were stolen or hacked”.
Violation
Okay. But the distinction Facebook draws between a violation and a data breach is hardly meaningful to its users, as vice-president Andrew Bosworth, appeared to concede later on Twitter. No trust, no sharing, no users.
Imploring Zuckerberg to come out to play at inquiries and hearings is itself a tactic, of course – calling on someone to “stop hiding” is a solid way to make them look secretive and undemocratic. (In Facebook's case, this has not been hard.)
It also reminds the world just how much elected representatives are on the back foot when it comes to the unregulated power of the tech giants. They can be said to have kept themselves that way, too – the soft-touch provisions of the Data Protection Bill 2018, for example, do little to counteract the impression that Ireland is an outpost of Silicon Valley.
What is worse than a data breach? A tactical abdication of responsibility. It is all very well for Facebook to say it will “take legal action if necessary” against Kogan and his associates. The question now is, who will, or can, take legal action against Facebook.
‘Strictly Come Dancing' stars, Kristina Rihanoff and Tristan MacManus are heading out on tour this Autumn with a fantastic evening of song, dance and stories from their time on the BBC hit show.
With amazing Ballroom and Latin routines such as the Waltz, the Paso Doble and favourites like the Charleston and Argentine Tango, Kristina and Tristan are bringing their show to Coleraine, Newtownabbey and Londonderry in November.
Kristina appeared on the BBC show for eight years with her partners such as Daniel O'Donnell, John Sergeant and Simon Webbe - with whom she made the final. Tristan starred in two series of the BBC show, with the singer Jamelia and also ‘Mrs Brown's Boys' star Jennifer Gibney.
Full details from strictlytheatreco.com.
A mother-of-one believes that her job as a sex worker makes her a better parent.
Elle Stanger is a mom, stripper, sex writer and often refers to herself as an "unlicensed underwear therapist."
The 31-year-old from Portland, Oregon, has a five-year-old daughter - and she believes her job makes her a better parent, reports the Daily Mail.
She said: "The nature of my work is varied. I work in a strip club three days a week, I've done webcam on and off, I write erotica and I sell my own porn, me and my partner just made our own - that was fun.
Advertisement
"I feel like being a sex worker makes me a better mom because I've developed a greater sense of empathy. It means that I'm responsible to make a human being that is better for the world.
"She is going to be a lot more secure about the world around her."
The proud feminist is proud of her career and ignores any judgemental parents at the school gates.
"I've been telling my daughter since she was three that mommy dances, talks to people and tells jokes for money," Elle said.
"I think people don't trust that I could raise a child in a nurturing, safe, structured environment because they're projecting their own fears on me.
"I am not working in full view of her because I am an adult, I don't want to see my parents do that.
"When I'm a mum, I'm a mum, when I'm in the adult world working, I'm doing my adult work - those two things do not overlap."
Elle currently works at the Lucky Devil Lounge, in Portland, and says that stripping is a form of therapy for a lot of her customers.
Mmhmm. A post shared by Elle Stanger (@stripperwriter) on Jan 19, 2018 at 9:32pm PST
She said: "I realised about six months into stripping that I was learning more about human beings than I'd ever learned in any psychology class.
"It was like, wow there is really a whole lot here, this feels like human, this feels like helping, this feels like giving therapy.
"I know my work is healing to people because they tell me and I see it.
"There are a lot of reasons people go into adult establishments - it's not just because they want some kind of arousal, but because they want to be heard, they want be acknowledged, they wanna be seen.
"A lot of people don't have it in them to seek out therapy because they are ashamed to. I think it's a lot easier for a blue collar guy to talk to a pretty girl in her underwear for 20 bucks a song.
"I interact quite a bit on the stage, I'll stick a cocktail straw through my nose or light my pubic hair on fire, I'm a pretty good show. I like making people laugh, I like hearing stories that I would never hear. I like learning from people.
"I had a woman a couple of years ago who asked me if I could just sit with her and just play with her hair, just hug her, because her wedding was the next day and she was nervous and so she wanted to de-stress. I thought that was really cool."
Growing up, Elle wanted to be a police officer and received a degree in criminology, but "stopped believing in the criminal justice system when she learned more about the world."
She turned to sex work because "she felt it was more of a compassionate method of interacting with the world around her."
As well as stripping, Elle is a writer, and has her own website, Stripper Writer.
"My website is just like a hub for where you can find me naked on the internet, where you can find me naked in person, where you can read my writing," she explained.
"I make shirts, I make coffee mugs, I make shirts that say, 'I only f*** feminists.'"
The mother also co-organises Portland's Slut Walk - a yearly march to raise awareness of sexual violence.
Elle said: "I am really comfortable with calling myself a feminist because I appreciate and I respect everybody's own sexuality. Everybody's identity or intention.
"Slut Walk Portland has three organizers. I am one. We are all sex workers. The idea behind Slut Walk is that nobody deserves sexual assault.
"Every year I try to wear the last thing I wore when I was cat called or sexually harassed - and it is usually pants and boots and a jacket."
A supporter of Elle and her work is her partner, Bryan. The couple have been together for over two years after he became one of Elle's regular customers.
She said: "I was flirting with Bryan when he would come in to my place of work, which I don't usually do. But I really liked him and I kept asking him out and he finally said yes."
Bryan added: "Elle's a good mum because she will do absolutely anything for her child and the wellbeing of her daughter is 100 per cent her priority, and that was honestly one other thing that really attracted me to her, when I found out she is a mother.
"I do think her work benefits society, I think she does a lot of good in this world, I think she does a lot of healing. I know I used to feel a lot better when I used to see her at work before we're starting dating."
Elle said: "I have raised a great kid. She is really smart and she is really happy.
"I see myself as a healer and a giver of touch and a motherly figure and not just motherly to my kids, but motherly to my clients because I want to care for them, I want them to feel happy and safe and they will treat me better when they are happier."
WASHINGTON (AP) — Saudi Arabia's young crown prince has an ambitious list of to-dos: modernize his conservative kingdom, weaken Iran's hand across the Mideast and, this week, rehabilitate his country's image in the eyes of Americans.
Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman, son of King Salman and heir to the throne, is opening a marathon tour of the United States with a stop in Washington, where he plans to meet President Donald Trump on Tuesday. He'll hold separate meetings with a long roster of influential U.S. officials, including the secretaries of defense, treasury and commerce, the CIA chief and congressional leaders from both parties.
The visit comes as the United States and much of the West are still trying to figure out Crown Prince Mohammed, better known by his initials MBS, whose sweeping program of social changes at home and increased Saudi assertiveness abroad has upended decades of traditional rule in Saudi Arabia. The 32-year-old crown prince also has big economic plans, and over three weeks in the U.S. he will meet businessmen in New York, tech mavens from Google and Apple Inc. in San Francisco, and entertainment bigwigs in Los Angeles. Other stops include Boston and Houston.
"This is not the real Saudi Arabia," MBS said when asked by CBS News about the repressive version of Islam many outsiders associate with the kingdom. He said he was restoring the more tolerant, egalitarian society that existed before Saudi Arabia's ultraconservatives were empowered in 1979. "We were victims, especially my generation that suffered from this a great deal."
Advertisement
It's a message that has earned MBS admirers in the United States, as he allowed women to drive and opened movie theaters shuttered since the 1980s. MBS is turning "Saudi Arabia into a normal country in which normal people lead normal lives," Saudi Foreign Minister Adel al-Jubeir told reporters Monday.
Yet Democrats and Republicans have approached some of the crown prince's other bold steps with trepidation, particularly as they pertain to his anti-Iran efforts. One bill in Congress proposes scaling back U.S. military assistance to a Saudi-led coalition fighting in Yemen.
MBS, in particular, has been closely identified with the three-year-old war in the Arab world's poorest country, which started while he was defense minister. The Saudis and their allies are fighting Iran-backed Houthi rebels, but international organizations have harshly criticized the coalition's airstrikes and blockading of Yemeni ports for contributing to thousands of civilian deaths and a humanitarian catastrophe.
It's not the only regional mess the Saudis are in. In November, U.S. officials voiced unease when Lebanon's prime minister unexpectedly resigned while in Riyadh. Saudi Arabia was accused of attempting to bring down Lebanon's government, which is strongly influenced by Iranian proxy Hezbollah. Prime Minister Saad Hariri later reversed his resignation.
The Saudis are working aggressively to change perceptions. They've cast themselves as essential partners against Islamist extremist groups and, especially since Trump's maiden overseas voyage last year, touted their lavish purchases of high-tech goods from job-creating American companies. In Yemen, the kingdom says it is improving military targeting, opening up ports and pledging $1.5 billion in new aid.
"The concerns expressed there are reflective of deep concerns by the American public at large," said Lori Plotkin Boghardt, a Gulf scholar at the Washington Institute for Near East Policy. "The Saudis are very sensitive to this. They're certainly communicating with elite circles to discuss the measures they're taking to try to get humanitarian assistance in to Yemen."
In MBS, Trump will find a sympathetic ear for his calls to crack down on Iran, Saudi Arabia's archenemy, and strengthen a 2015 nuclear deal with Tehran that former President Barack Obama and world powers brokered. Trump has threatened to pull out of the agreement unless there are changes by May. Last week, Trump fired Secretary of State Rex Tillerson, an advocate of staying in the accord, choosing Mike Pompeo, the current CIA director and nuclear deal critic, as a replacement.
MBS could dangle a huge carrot in front of Trump for his support. Stock exchanges in New York and elsewhere are vying for the international listing of Aramco, the Saudi oil behemoth expected to go public soon. Saudi concerns with New York include a post-9/11 law that could jeopardize assets in the United States if victims' families claim Saudi Arabia helped the al-Qaida attackers and sue for compensation.
Although the U.S. has welcomed MBS's determination to purge pervasive corruption in Saudi Arabia, including by royals, the Trump administration hasn't endorsed his tactics. Last year, more than 150 high-level princes, ministers, military officials and businessmen were abruptly rounded up and detained at the Ritz-Carlton hotel. They eventually paid settlements that Saudi Arabia says exceeded $106 billion.
Al-Jubeir, the foreign minister, said the tough tactics were needed after past anti-corruption campaigns failed.
"It didn't work," he said. "So now you do something dramatic."
___
Reach Josh Lederman on Twitter at http://twitter.com/joshledermanAP
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Aston Villa FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
John Terry famously wears the number 26 - which means that shirt will be available next season.
Villa handed their captain the same shirt he wore for Chelsea as soon has be joined the club.
The towering centre-back has made the number synonymous with his career.
Now, he will be wearing it somewhere else - potentially in China or MLS.
Chelsea fans have it on their JT-dedicated banner at Stamford Bridge, young Villa fans will beg their dads for it on their shirt.
But why does he wear it? After all, he's a centre-back - and has spent the entirety of his career as first choice.
Surely he should wear a number five, or a six?
There are a number of theories on Quora.
"JT came into the side as a 19 yr old," one wrote.
"Back then, the first 11 numbers were all allocated, and as youngsters came in, they took ‘higher' squad numbers.
"You'll often see a youth player with 40-something on their back.
"So, first season in, the lowest number was around the 20s.
"And he keeps it for his career as a ‘brand'.
"Same as they've now done in F1. Lewis 44. Seb 5.
"It's about personal branding."
"Gianfranco Zola wore number 25 for Chelsea, and was a living legend even in the midst of his career," another wrote.
"At 18, Terry was offered his options of squad numbers, and he realised that picking 26 would give him the locker next to Zola.
"After Zola left, and Terry came to prominence, it just kind of stuck and he remained 26."
EDMONTON, AB--(Marketwired - April 17, 2017) - Melcor Real Estate Investment Trust (TSX: MR.UN) today announced that the Trustees of the REIT have declared cash distributions of $0.05625 per unit for the months of April, May and June 2017.
The April, May and June distributions will be payable as follows:
Month Record Date Distribution Amount April 2017 April 28, 2017 May 15, 2017 $0.05625 per unit May 2017 May 31, 2017 June 15, 2017 $0.05625 per unit June 2017 June 30, 2017 July 17, 2017 $0.05625 per unit
Melcor REIT also announced that results for the first quarter of 2017 will be released on Friday, May 5, 2017 prior to market open. Management will host a conference call at 11:00 am ET (9:00 am MT) that day.
Conference Call
Toronto area: 416-340-8527 Toll free: 1-800-355-4959
Webcast & Replay
The call will also be webcast (listen only) at http://www.gowebcasting.com/8450. A replay of the call will be available at the same URL shortly after the call is concluded.
About Melcor REIT
Melcor REIT is an unincorporated, open-ended real estate investment trust. Melcor REIT owns, acquires, manages and leases quality retail, office and industrial income-generating properties with exposure to high growth Canadian markets. Its portfolio is currently made up of interests in 38 properties representing approximately 2.78 million square feet of gross leasable area located across Alberta and in Regina, Saskatchewan and Kelowna, British Columbia. For more information, please visit www.melcorREIT.ca.
ST. PETERSBURG, Fla. — When the Yankees left spring training, the biggest question mark was the starting rotation. Almost two months into the season, nothing has drastically changed, and it was the major reason the AL East-leading Yankees had dropped six of nine entering Saturday's game against the Rays at Tropicana Field.
In those nine games, Yankees starters were 2-5 with an obese 6.53 ERA. Those numbers are reason for concern, but most alarming was in that stretch no starter went seven innings, and the five totaled 45 ¹/₃ frames.
“It is what it does to the bullpen, that's the biggest part of it,'' pitching coach Larry Rothschild said of his starters averaging 5 ¹/₃ innings per start through the dry spell.
That came into play during Friday night's 5-4 loss to the Rays. Luis Severino went five frames and left the final four to the bullpen. Adam Warren and Tyler Clippard, who have been very strong all season, weren't Friday and surrendered four runs.
Another byproduct of the starters not going seven innings is there are likely a couple of rough innings before he departs.
“If you are not going seven, it means you had some tough innings,'' Rothschild said. “It means you are putting [the Yankees] behind in games. It's not necessarily the case all the time, but in today's world, seven [innings] might be the old nine, I don't know. We need somebody to step up.''
Masahiro Tanaka was the first candidate to give the struggling rotation a lift when he faced the Rays Saturday afternoon at Tropicana Field. Though he is the Yankees' best starter, the right-hander's past three outings had not been good. And the last one against the Astros in the second game of Sunday's doubleheader, on the day the Yankees retired Derek Jeter's No. 2, was awful. In 1 ²/₃ innings, Tanaka gave up eight runs and seven hits, four of which were home runs.
Entering Saturday's game, Tanaka was 2-1 with a 9.00 ERA in the three games since he beat the Red Sox with a complete game shutout at Fenway Park on April 27. In those three games Tanaka gave up 25 hits.
During this nine-game stretch, Michael Pineda went 6 ²/₃ innings and pitched into the seventh without registering an out and went 1-1. CC Sabathia worked 6 ²/₃ innings and six in another game. Severino lasted 2 ¹/₃ innings before the five-and-fly act Friday night. Jordan Montgomery went five and six innings in two defeats.
The poor work of the starters led to the staff ERA rising from 3.22 on April 29 to the 3.84 it was entering Saturday's action.
The most logical candidates to lead the starters out of the wilderness are Tanaka and Sabathia, even if Pineda has been the best starter in the first 25 percent of the games. Severino is still learning, and Montgomery has seven big league starts.
Among the 15 AL teams, the Yankees' starters were 11th with a 4.49 ERA.
So, what was the biggest question mark in early April remains so with a quarter of the season gone. While there are moves that can be made — Bryan Mitchell and Luis Cessa can be recalled from Triple-A Scranton/Wilkes-Barre and Chad Green moved from the bullpen to rotation — it's likely the Yankees need more than one starter to get better to relieve the daily stress that has engulfed the rotation.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
West Brom need a midfielder, a young one, and a good one.
The Baggies have an abundance of experience in their side, but with the likes of Chris Brunt, Claudio Yacob and James Morrison vying for midfield places - they need younger legs.
That's why the emergence of Sam Field has been seen, probably ahead of where Tony Pulis would like him.
Jake Livermore has been a breath of fresh air to the ageing Albion side, and now they need more of the same.
The latest midfielder to be linked with the club is Arsenal and England midfielder, Jack Wilshere.
Wilshere fears he may not have a future at Arsenal.
Gunners midfielder Wilshere, 24, was farmed out on a season-long loan to Bournemouth and has yet to agree a new contract as he enters the last year of his current deal.
Wilshere has been recovering from a broken leg but Arsenal sent him to Dubai to complete his rehabilitation programme rather than return to his parent club for treatment.
He makes his return from injury tonight in the Gunners U23s side against Derby County.
England star Wilshere has clearly fallen down the pecking order at Arsenal under Arsene Wenger and he Frenchman staying on will not give him much hope.
Arsenal may offer Wilshere a new deal to protect his value rather than allow him to leave on a free transfer next year.
The obvious signs point to a Wilshere exit, Wenger last week hinted that a new start could be the answer.
He stated: “That decision is not completely made.
“I want him to have a chance to play somewhere as well. We have to decide that a bit later. I wanted first him to come back, he is coming out of a fracture.
“It is the first week he is back in full training and we have to sit down together and see where we go from there.”
Can the Baggies snare Wilshere? It seems unlikely that he is the answer for Albion at the moment, his fitness will take some time to return - Albion need someone now.
With uncertainty surrounding his Arsenal future, it's likely Pulis will steer clear of any interest.
